4	So I go out today to find the 2 Hippies magic mushroom and a client tells me there is another 2 Hippies, that just "popped up over night" WELL I had to try it. After driving by, I finally parked in the lot and took a survey of the building. 1. Nice outdoor patio2. Clean and New3. Small4. Looked packedSo I walk in and there was 3 patrons. 2 young guys and 1 US Senator. Yep that is right, a full fledged Senator. Don't ask who because I cannot remember. So the 3 people made the place looked packed. I told you it was small. I was greeted right away by the owner. He is a really nice guy who cares about the food he serves. We spoke about the recent call his wife received from DINERS DRIVE INS AND DIVES. She asked the caller to not pull her husbands leg, because he is a huge fan and it would be a thrill to be on the show. The DDD reviewers spotted 2 Hippies via YELP! She explained he has a 4 star rating and tons of reviews. He was unaware of Yelp but took it as a compliment. ( I bet he looks today) HI!The food is a healthy Mexican food menu. I sampled the taco trio of fish, beef and chicken. All 3 where wonderful, you sure can taste freshness. The favorite was the fish. $5 with a Coke.The other items are quesidillas, burritos, tacos, etc. I tried both the red and the green salsa. The red is boring and the green is good. Neither of them will make you burn your mouth. He is tweaking the salsa so be sure to rate it if it gets better. I will return when in the area FO SHO.Well the return was on 10-7-08. I had the taco trio constisting of green beef taco, carne asada taco and red chile taco. They were all good but the green was the best of the 3. The salsa needs a makeover. I was hoping for a better flavor this time. The green is good but sweet, the red is bad. Maybe a little "mexican" in it wouldn't be bad. Do not go here expecting greasy, gut  buster, cheese covered everything MEXICAN food. Go here expecting a healthier, fresh tasting meal. The food is prepared by a fat white guy and cooked by a Mexican guy. (not that that matters, my mom-in-law makes killer mexican food and she is white)
1	I hate to say it, but this is some of the worst Mexican food I've ever had.  Edible?  Sure.  Mexican?  Not a chance.  My hopes were high; with a name like "Two Hippies," I thought it would be a funky little place that served addictive street tacos... (I've never actually had *authentic* street tacos, but I KNOW they're not supposed to taste like THAT.)  My friend tried the three taco combo; one carne asada, one green chili, and one fish taco - all on the low end of mediocre (though she couldn't even stomach the fish taco).  My burrito tasted like they wrapped bland beans, rice-a-roni, boiled chicken breast, and one ton of chopped onions inside a Mission tortilla.  Don't get me started on the chips and salsa either... Mission and Pace for sure...The horrible part about all this is that the service was REALLY wonderful!  I think it was one of the owners who served me, and it was probably one of the most pleasant experiences I've ever had service-wise.  She had a distinct Midwestern charm; unfortunately, that's also what the "Mexican" food at Two Hippies suffers (severely) from.  VERDICT: Go to Rosita's or Juan's instead...(In response to Bryan L's callout:  1)  Yes, I'd take Bertos [or ROSITAS, or JUANS, or Chipotle] anyday over Two Hippies Beach House, and I'm not afraid to say it.  And 2) Everybody [staff and kitchen] speaks English at Two Hippies because they're white as ghosts.  It's like eating at a Chinese restaurant owned and run by Wisconsins.  When English is NOT the primary language of an ethnic restaurateur, to me that's a wonderful sign.)
4	Stopped by today and got the fish, green chile, and red chile beef tacos. The fish was the best of the three--grilled white fish with a creamy sauce on a flour tortilla with cabbage, tomato cheese, and beans. I prefer grilled to fried fish tacos so this worked for me. The green chile and red chile shredded beef tacos were good, but I wanted to taste more of the chile sauces in each. Nice tender beef without the lardy taste that you get at some other Mexican food joints.The tacos tasted fresh and light, never heavy, and I didn't feel bloated or tired after I ate them like some Mexican food take-outs and restaurants. They were pretty big for $1.50; three filled me up.They've got 12 different kinds of lemonade, but I didn't order any drinks. I wish I had after I saw someone else's watermelon lemonade. I's not Barrio Cafe, but if you're looking for a fresh, light Mexican lunch that is a local alternative to Chipotle, La Salsa, and Baja Fresh, Two Hippies is the place. I'm a fan.
3	Two Hippies makes their own homemade salsa, which is pretty sweet considering how inexpensive their food is. I have ordered the carne asada, the fish, the red chile and the chicken. My favorite is the red chile. (Note: the tacos contain beans so if you don't like whole pinto beans in your taco, definitely ask them to leave it out.) The tacos were wrapped in a light, soft flour tortilla the day I came, and came served with fresh tomatoes, onions and cabbage. They also have a variety of baked goods (cookies and brownies) in the case. If you're not a taco fan, there are also burritos on the menu as well as quesadillas. The owner is great, knows me by name and I've only been there twice.  He also informed me that all of the ingredients are organic. Great place to grab lunch if you're in a hurry. Outside patio seating. The lemonade was ok the day I went, a little watered down (a bit too crystal light for my liking.) Otherwise, great. I mean, I can't eat more than two of their tacos but I recommend ordering a three pack, just to be safe. You'll probably want a snack later in the day and you won't regret having one of those bad boys handy.
3	Dropped in last night at around 6:00pm starving and ready to kill some tacos. I ordered the chicken, pork and fish tacos. They were all okay, with the fish being my least favorite (I think I just prefer mahi or salmon in my tacos). The pork was my favorite, not "blow your mind amazing" but still pretty good. I think the one major criticism I have is that I think they are put together sloppily... meaning that If they put a little more effort into making sure sauce is spread throughout, I think I'd find the food a lot tastier. Also, I am NOT a fan of beans and rice being present in my tacos, but that's my problem, next time I will order without. I do like that I didn't feel like a lard ass after eating them (unlike **bertos) which was niceAll in all a good experience. The girl behind the counter was very nice and  it was cool to see desert offerings (brownies and such) in a small place. Echoed from a couple of other reviews, I was surprised at how large the tacos were. For the price, I was expecting street tacos. I took a few bites out of all three and threw the rest out. One would've been plenty for me but then, I don't usually consume a lot of food in one sitting. They haven't been open for too long so I'm hoping they work out some of the kinks. I will be back.
3	DO NOT even attempt to go here for lunch during the week between 11:30-1:00. There are Xavier kids EVERYWHERE. You know what, just stay off Camelback all together. You've been warned.
4	Lunch at Two Hippies today.This is a 4 star with comments.1)  5 stars for small business, new ventures, private companies.It isn't easy, been there and done it.2) 4 Stars for location.  Perfect location, very fun.No bathroom?  Not even a place to wash the salsa off your hands?If it is there I didn't find it.3) 4 stars for food:  Great Green chile beef burrito.But it was a "busy" like I could get at a chain store.Why do we have to have rice and beens in everything?Carbs yuk.  2)  1 star  for No Ice Tea.  No Ice Tea?Will go back this week for sure.
2	I've been handing out a lot of poor reviews lately, and I hate to be so negative, but this one really deserves it. Sure, there are plusses and minuses, but some of the important aspects were all minuses.I went in for dinner at about 6:30 and there wasn't a lot going on so I went in and ordered a red, green, and carne asada taco with a "lemonade." The girl behind the counter was boasting about their fresh squeezed "lemonade" and I like when it isn't canned mix so I ordered it. I went outside and got a seat on the counter looking into the building and after about 10 minutes they brought out my food. I was actually kind of amazed it took that long to make 3 tacos, but whatever, that was fine. The first taco, the red, was ok. Perhaps it was the fact that it was overloaded with beans, cabbage, and other mixtures of everything that usually is on your plate at a mexican restaurant, but I thought it didn't really have a flavor. The green was much of the same, no real flavor, but not a bad experience. They were both just "meh." Maybe now would be a good time to comment on that "lemonade." IT TASTED LIKE A FUCKING SLURPEE FROM 7-11. You have got to be kidding me if you are going to tell me this is a fresh squeezed lemonade. For ***** sake you even told put slurpee ice in it. I'm not buying it whatsoever, that this has ANY real lemon content. Ok, so now that final taco, the carne asada. I had high hopes since the other two were so bland I thought maybe it'd be harder to mess up carne asada, but I was wrong. It had absolutely no flavor, and had a horrid texture I don't know if the meat was overcooked or what but it tasted like a taco with beans and cardboard. I had to douse it in lime and hot sauce to make it edible, and still bearly was so, partly because the hot sauce they provide is not so tasty either. I didn't look for a restroom, but I imagine they have one, as they would never be allowed to build the restaurant without at least one public restroom. The entire concept of the restaurant is very cool, and I can see it being a good lunch spot during the winter months, if, and this is a big if.... they can get their food to taste like something delicious. And actually make lemonade. Guys, who are you trying to kid?
3	Think Dinty Moore canned roast beef...just like my mom used to make it for movie night at Town & Country's AMC. She'd make it with a can of Ortega diced green chilis, diced onions but this version adds cabbage and tomatoes. And all for $4. Love it. Before you go off on it, remember how much you're paying for this burro! Four bucks. You haven't had it this good since you had medium pizzas for "regular price, four bucks, four bucks, four bucks."I ordered the beans and rice on the side (they're normally served inside the burro), so I got to taste the sticky Spanish rice seasoned with chili powder on its own. The whole beans were pretty good too. Great as a side dish; so _glad_ I ordered them on the side. You can even take one of the bottles of habanero sauce to the table to impress and double dare your friends!I have to agree with others' comments on the "homemade" lemonade. Like the beef burro It also took me straight back to my childhood, remembering sugary (think corn syrupy) Freezees at Circle-K. Definitely not fresh (except for the wedge of lime which was dry) but oh so memorable.Don't forget the success of tiny Lenny's burgers at 15th Ave. Hippies pops at lunch being so close to the Brophy and Xavier campus. Great value, and location location location. I hope it's in the running for a permanent spot on the "square" (7th St to Ave, Camelback to McDowell).Yea! Can't wait to try their special shrooms at the other location.
4	Finally stopped by the 2 hippies taco shack and brought a 3-pack back to work. Glad I did, with some remarks. Just a little walk-in shed for take-out and some minimal seating in and out. Beautiful day, so the wait was nice. I got a chicken, a green chile beef and a pork. All of the tacos have abundant fresh cabbage, whole pintos (!), rice and cheese. But also plenty of meat. The tortillas are fresh and chewy and just the right thickness. No Carolina's here, but pretty good.The chicken, unfortunately, is grilled, chopped chicken breast. I'm not a fan of that, but if you are, you would likely dig it. I like tender flavorful dark meat. Be cool if dark was an option, but I doubt they're cooking whole chickens. Prolly just breasts. Ate about 2 bites.The pork was very tender and flavorful. Lacked the crispy edges of a true carnitas-style. Maybe you get lucky sometimes and catch some edges. I ate the whole thing and enjoyed every bite.The green chile beef had delicious, lean chunks of tender beef. Unlike any green chile I've had. More vinegary, like a Southern pork shoulder. Lacked any punch, although the girl said the green was spicier than the red...? Was pretty tasty, but I really didn't feel like I was eating Mexican food.I didn't get a burro, but since the fillings were the same, I'm pretty sure it's just more of the same, in a different shape.I would try the red chile next time, and skip the chicken. Wanted to try the fish, but it's not fried. I like my fish tacos like I like my hippie chicks: hot and crunchy.The food is more of a 3, but 4 stars for being there, being cool, being fresh tasting. And 4 or 5 for the value - I think myself and another light eater could split the 3-pack, making lunch about $2.25! Ultimately, this is to Mexican Food what Pita Jungle is to Mediterranean/Middle Eastern. It's really not Mexican, but it is tasty. Like Cali beach food. I wish Yelp could do "half stars". Solid 3.5. But I round up because that's how I roll.
4	This place is special!  Okay, you have to know the password to get in.  The guy at the door doesn't remember what it is, but if you promise not to rat him out and talk about your interest in herbal medicine or massage therapy, you're probably good.  They're going to ask you if you're a cop, just keep saying no.  Six or seven times seems to do the trick.The fish tacos are outstanding and, appropriately enough, baked (not fried).  Carne asada is very tasty.  Generous portions, cheap eats, humble digs, super-friendly proprietor, improbable number of teen employees behind the counter.  Non-wimpy salsa.  BYOB if you want to eat on the patio.  Funky little shack, man.
4	Loved the place. Great concept for Phoenix. A tiny place with outdoor seating. Good food and cheap. I had 3 tacos (fish, carnitas and steak) with a diet coke for $5.50. Can't say anything bad about that.
4	I've heard of the Magic Mushroom joint, but this came at me out of left field.  I decided to hit this shack with a work bud of mine (Groovy P.) to check it out.  The first thing I noticed (other than the wonderfully tacky decor) was the decent prices.  Tacos are $1.50 each (tax included).  I went with the Burro.  Honestly If they would have named the place Two Hippies and a Burro, I would have enjoyed myself more.  But Beachhouse is fine too, I guess.The guy taking orders is the owner himself.  He owns the Magic Mushroom place down on Indian School too.  I think its refreshing to have the owner taking orders.  Owners know how to do it right!  He asked me my first name and scribbled it onto a brown bag. NOW I'm diggin this place!  He was calling regulars up with nicknames like Snowman Steve, and Sarge.  I wanna be a regular to find out what awesome alter-persona he labels me.  Knowing my luck, he'd name me Conehead Chris or Corporate Chris or something else I wouldn't like. I wanna be Snowball Steve!The wait was long. 25 minutes long! Standing around staring at other people waiting. *Check watch* shuffle feet *Check watch*... Then I hear "CHRIS!!! PATIO PICKUP!"  Wtf?!?! Wheres the patio?So I get my food and scarf it down.  Carne Asada... not spiced for a typical burrito... Cabbage??? To say the least, it was pretty damn good.  For $4, you can't go wrong!  Next time I'll just get 2 tacos...I'll be back, Mr. Hippy...
4	One would think that finding vegetarian friendly Mexican food would be easy in a major metropolitan.  One would be wrong.I was  pleasantly surprised that Two Hippies Beach House Outrageous Tacos and Burritos caters to vegetarians, in its very modest selection of items.  The menu only has a handful of items, and that three items were vegetarian friendly was a plus.I recently ate at this small restaurant and was able to enjoy a bean and cheese burrito.  The pinto beans were free from lard and the rice was free from chicken broth.  The vegetables were organic, which is also a plus.Inside the burrito, were beans, cheese, rice, cabbage, tomatoes, and onions.  The burrito was quite good.  Salsa was also included on the side, but it was only okay.  Truth be told, the burrito was flavorful enough without the salsa.The other vegetarian items available were a cheese crisp and bean and cheese tacos.The prices were quite reasonable.  For two vegetarians, we were able to eat for $14, which included a fantastic slushy lemonade, coke, and side of rice.
4	Great 'street' tacos.  After cruising around downtown, I decided to finally stop here for a quick dinner/snack.  Three tacos and a lemonade came to $7.50.  I ordered the Carne Asada, Pork and Fish tacos.  I could only eat two at that time.  I tried the pork and the fish.  Both very good!  The carne asada (several hours later) was also very good, and probably would have been great had it been fresh and warm.  No frills, limited seating.  The owner (??) Andy was super nice and chatty.  I've driven by at lunch, and seen the place packed.  Dinner last night was not the case.  Food still seemed fresh, though.  I will be back (wish they were open later, though)Just had lunch here again today!  The fish tacos were actually better then I remember!  The pork was also very good, juicy and tender.  I was less impressed with the carne asada, though.  Still, a good experience, and still highly recommended.  They would get 5 stars if they had alcohol and were open later...
4	I've gotten take out here at least three times and have never been disappointed. The pork and fish tacos and burritos are very tasty. I like their green salsa, but it does get a bit spicy after a while. You know most places might load their burritos and tacos with rice, cheese or lettuce, but not Two Hippies. They don't skimp on the meat.  The tacos and burritos are loaded with chicken or pork or fish... I wish they would add a bit more pinto beans to their burritos.I'm not sure if their tortilla chips are store bought, but the chips do seem like they are Tostinos brand.I find the prices to be very reasonable. Good sized burritos for $4, a three pack of tacos for the same price.I don't know if I would sit and eat here as the place is so compact. Sure they have there patio area, but overall the place is kind of tiny, so I just usually call it in and pick it up. If they ever serve some booze I just might sit and eat on their patio.
5	Recession proof...Mothers come feed your kids, I'm unsure of the nutritional value but as it comes from hippies it should looks healthy, this place has serious value, friendly employees and in my case owner.  I was steered towards the 3 pack and cheese crisp, which were both fantastic.  The cheese crisp is more like a quesadilla and enough to feed 2.  I'll be back many more times.
4	I'm a big fan of small, non-chain, family-owned Mexican places in buildings that look like they've been here since the 60s. This place was clean, the personnel were kind folks and when I sank my teeth into the red beef taco, I told my Dad it was the best taco I've eaten. TONS of meat, the sauce was yummy and very affordable all around. I ended up buying 6 more just to take home and freeze for later!The patio out back is awesome, however I'd love to also sit out in the front and watch humanity go by. So we sat in the car instead. I'll totally be back!
3	Pretty good. I got a fish burrito and a coke for $5 in that cute little brown bag that I dig so much. It was enough food to save some for later. The waitress/staff person was *really* nice! It was my first fish taco, so I have nothing to compare it to, but the prices and location will make me come back. I look forward to having other food there and I'll let you know. I finally had to have one of the brownies (I usually eat at magic mushroom burger). It was interesting. It was soft, but the chocolate chips were sort of crunchy.  That may not sound too good, but it was a unique take on brownies and didn't make me like it any more or less. Of course, there were jokes about, "Don't tell anyone where you got them", and that was almost the sole reason I wanted one. My friend and I shared it and we had some left over.
4	What a nice little treat . We stopped by the "Shack" to give the Hippies a try. We instantly enjoyed the decor and feel  of the place. Quaintness abounds, funky posters, kitschy  knick knacks  and  bright colors give it a groovy feel. While not someplace I would bring the whole family this is a good place to stop for a quick bite or a snack.  This is not a sit down eating establishment , you go in place your order ( try the three taco combo)   and then wait outside. There are picnic tables , stools and pub stools around the outside to sit at. It was a clear beautiful day so very nice. The hubby and  I   tried  pork, chicken and beef tacos which were all fresh and tasty.Tacos and  burritos were on fresh flour tortillas and had cheese, tomatoes, and lettuce and great spices. My husband also ordered a fish burrito which was ginormous  and he swore it  was over a pound . We also got cans of soda and ate all this for 11.00  not bad. No soda on tap.I must mention that the owner( ?)  made us feel right at home and was super nice and even funny. His attitude was a big plus and made the eating more enjoyable. It was easy to see he enjoys his work .
4	Well....I spend a lot of money on restaurants and eat at the best and the best dives. This one is close to the top of my list. It would get 5 stars if they had indoor eating, I froze my butt off but  the food really warmed me up couple that with the price and you've got a real winner here. Communal tables make for interesting conversations. Fish Taco's were a disappointment, maybe because they are not fried...tasted too "fishy", not like Rubio's. Parking sucks but park down the street and walk, it's well worth it.
3	finally! the place slowed down a bit to stop in for a quick bite. it was MLK day, so i thought the crowd would be obsolete, NOT SO! it slowed for a minute, kinda like the waters parting, and then as i placed my order, and had a chat with Andy, the line swelled up again!!!! He said its all been done organically, no advertising, just word of mouth. Must be the BIG A_S tacos. They are litterally bursting with food. I tried the 3 pack of fish tacos. The fish was tender and delicious, however the rice and beans inside the taco was a new twist (next time that goes on the side!) that is where the filling comes from. I'm more of a fish, lettuce, cheese, salsa and lemon fish-taco-kinda-girl so the place only got a 3. However i'm sure on my second visit, the one where there won't be any rice or beans in my taco, will be a deliciously heaven like trip. If your a salsa freak (like my seester & I) this salsa is not for you. neither the green or red is tasty or hot, think salsa for americans. its so close to my place too! kudos on the local, glad the previous boutique moved (otherwise where would this tiny all inclusive place be?)on a side note; the owner and his bro are the creators of Long Wongs Wings and Hippy Brother Burgers and they still have it!!! The place is a kitschy place. You go Andy ^_~ hope they come to Grand Avenue soon......
4	$1.50 TACOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yum!This place was recommended to us by a local. We asked where to get a good cheap taco and this place hit the nail on the head. Two hippies are on the right track with this place. It's a bit small and it took about 20 min to get my food (they were really busy) but it was worth it. If I lived in Phoenix I would come here daily. A word about the fish tacos...they are good but seem as though they might use canned fish instead of fresh grilled chunks like most places. Considering the price this is acceptable!The drinks and baked goods looked great though I haven't yet tried any. I'll save those for next time I'm in town.
4	I live and work 2 blocks away, so the minute I saw the activity in the windows in preparation for opening I was excited.  Having a cheap, tasty taco place that close was a dream.I've been here at least 15 times and haven't been disappointed, although some of the options are better then the others.  The pork  tacos have recently passed into the sublime category, the beefs are decent.  The chicken is a decent, healthy option.  Carne Asada is meh, and the fish taco is not nearly close to good ones that I have had.  With that said they include organic cabbage and tomatoes which is a huge plus in my book.  Their flavored lemonades range from fantastic to meh.The best part is 3 huge tacos are $4.50.  While they may not be authentic, the healthy (non greasy, organic vegatables), cheap price, and super friendly owner make this place a once a week type spot.
3	This place was fairly good, I have eaten there a few times and have learned the pork tacos are the best!!!! I have also had the fish not a big fan, loved the hot sauce was good. While the food is ok, with a great price this is not what I envisions a taco. But the idea of eating organic is great. This is not your regular taco joint.
5	I made my second trip here over the weekend, though a little hesitant seeing as it was noon on a Saturday.  The line was a little long, but moved suprisingly fast.  The concept is great, and the prices are well worth what you get.  Having just finished a hike I felt I could down a 3 pack for tacos ($4.50) and probably could have, but I cut myself off at 2 1/2.  The tacos have a unique mix of cabbage, onion, beans, (and more) that may not sound like they go with a taco, but when all put together they do.  The outdoor seating could be not so great come summer, but for now it's great and I will definately be back again!
2	Was excited to try this place for a late lunch the other day.  Owner and staff were very welcoming.  Ordered a fish taco, carne asada burrito and fresh raspberry lemonade.  While waiting, roamed around the outside ... seating area could be laid out better.  Order took only a few minutes and my name was called for pick up.  Was suprised at the weight of the taco and burrito  ... felt substantial.  Tried the fish taco first.  It smelled and tasted fishy (not in a good way).  Very poorly seasoned fish cooked in dish water.  The (flour) taco was loaded with a tasteless mash of beans, lettuce, rice, none of which were very appealing.  Looking forward to the carne asada burrito, I was almost equally disappointed.  Almost no meat, and what there was of it tasted like old  pot roast that had been steamed into a tasteless mush.  Again, the burrito was filled with beans, rice and lettuce, but nothing was properly flavored.  The  tortilla itself tasted old and didn't hold together well, allowing most of the innards to fall out ... you know, when you've let them sit out on the counter for too long.  Ended up throwing away 1/2 of the taco and burrito ... something I rarely do.  The fresh lemonade tasted like koolaid with slush.  Definitely not worth the $3 price.  Food prices are cheap, portions large, but quality and taste are not lacking.  Two thumbs down!  If you want a cheap Mexican fix that tastes good, try La Salsita on Indian School and 32nd Street.  Great carne asada and slow cooked pork.
5	The freshest most inexpensive, delicious meal around!!  2 of these dollar fifty soft tacos make a plentiful meal.The chicken is my favorite- I could eat these little bundles 3 times a week!
2	Honestly, I was a bit disappointed with this place.I'd heard it was fantastic and when I arrived there was a long line of people waiting to get their order in...it must be good, right?I tried 3 tacos: Red Beef, Cactus with Cheese, Bean with Cheese.  The Red Beef was probably the best one, but still not that great...it had some bite and the beef was tender, but it still could have been seasoned better.  The cactus wasn't very good - it really wasn't seasoned and so it didn't have any flavor...at least the cactus wasn't overcooked.  The bean and cheese was probably my least favorite since it really didn't taste like anything.  I even tried one of their "Magic Brownies" (this one with cream cheese) and that wasn't very good either - it tasted like it had been wrapped in plastic and absorbed all those chemically plastic flavors...maybe it was older brownie?All the tacos arrived wrapped and they look kind of awkward and wet (because of the steam) and definitely messy when you try to eat them.Just overall, not very good...I'm sure there are a ton of places in Phoenix that have better, more flavorful food.
3	I tried all of their meats, nothing too impressive. Their fish taco was pretty gross, and the pork was bland. I do, however, enjoy their veggie offerings. Always fresh and good. Green salsa is my fav.  Veggie items get 3 stars, meat items...meh.I am also nervous of a place that is FILLED with flies, and this place is BUZZING with them....
3	I tried Hippie's with 2 of my coworkers today and thought it was pretty good. First, for $1.50 a taco, you can't beat it as each of them weighs about a pound each! I tried a pork and a daily special of green chili shredded beef. The pork was better than the beef and both could have used a little seasoning, but I am stuffed! I liked the cabbage, rice, pinto bean mix in the taco along with the 2 choices of salsa and thank goodness for all the napkins as these are messy! It is quite busy at lunch so it can be a bit of a wait to get your food. But compared to other little lunch haunts, this one actually had enough parking and seating to accommodate all the customers. They also serve different flavored lemonades (blood orange, watermelon etc) which I will be trying next time I come here. All in all, a solid 3 stars!
5	Fish tacos, NOT fried, made with all organic vegetables with corn tortillasC'est magnifique!  Don't like to wait?  Call in advance, order by phone 602 277-0399.  Designer lemonade improved with varying added fruits too.Customer service is their second strength.  Their first is delicious food at a price point that excludes almost no one.
4	Two Hippies..... Brills!!!  This little nook in a parking lot is quite tasty and affordable.  3 slam packed tacos for under $5, can't beat that in these economic times, served up fast and fresh.  You totally need to check out this groovy light meal stop.
5	I've been reading and hearing a lot of good things about Dos Hippies Beach house and let me tell you, it was amazing.  I got three tacos, chicken, pork & carne asada.  All of them wrapped in a warm panini grilled style flour tortilla (corn if you want) and stuffed with fresh meat and organic vegies.   Accompanying them was some salsa verde and regular red salsa, both were super flavorful and I assume home made.  3 tacos was too much for me but I devoured them all.  The pork aka carnitas was my favorite.  Next time I plan to try out their burritos or quesadillas.  This is place is excellent and affordable.  The scenery is cool, reminds me of a place I used to eat at in Ocean Beach when I lived in San Diego.  It's a must try!!!!!  Nice work Two Hippies...you've got something good going!
4	This place is as great as everyone has already said!!! I almost drove right past it - and I am so happy that I didn't!! I love the look of the place!! My fiance and I each ordered a burrito and also got chips and salsa - all for $10.00! Great food and cheap prices - fan for life!!
4	stopped by this funky looking place around 6pm on a weeknight and no wait. ive wanted to stop here many times before but have avoided the twistingly long lines i see when i pass this place around lunch time.the people inside were very friendly and although quite a bit stuffy and small inside, i could dig it. they have a large enough outdoor area with misters and fans and a pick up window to get your food at.my friend and i each got the 3 tacos and a fruit slushie. i chose pear, and she chose raspberry guava. both were delicious and refreshing. the sign outside said "flavor of the day - strawberry margarita", and i was a little excited that they had margaritas but alas - no liquor license, so no cool, crisp, refreshing corona to wash down my tacos with either.the tacos are good size each, with plenty of delicious choices of meats/fillers to choose from. we both picked red beef, chicken, bean and cheese, and carne asada. the red beef was my favorite, with the carne asada a close second. skip the chicken, it tasted rather bland. the cabage was delicious and crisp and nice substitute for lettuce. each of our orders came with 3 salsas and 3 limes, absolutely essential for taco eating.i really enjoy two hippie's burgers and love their tacos. can't wait to go back.
4	If you have a longish lunch hour, go.  I went around 5pm tonight and there was nobody in front of me.  Took me 5 minutes to get my fish burrito (Thanks to Chris T for the recommendation!)It was HUGE and came with a little cup of two salsas: green and red.  I cut it in half to enjoy the salsas separately.  Filled to the brim with rice, cheese, beans and the fish and smothered in some sort of sauce, it was delicious!  Service was super-friendly and everyone had a smile on their face and said "Amy, your fish burrito is ready!"  I mean, the personalized service was great.  Maybe hitting them at a slow hour was what did it.  There is a little retail spot where you can get incense (they're hippies, get it???) and posters on the wall to peruse while waiting.  I took mine home, but the patio is lovely.  There's even a vintage bike parked out front with little baskets filled with potted plants.  How adorable is that????
1	OH Dos Hippies....how I wanted to love you sooo much.  I'd been passing this place by due to the long lines around noon, and just biding my time until I too would get to taste the deliciousness.  I should have waited longer.....I went in on a Friday around 4:30 and there was no line!  I was so excited!  I perused the simple menu and was delighted to find "Cactus Tacos".  This is something I grew up eating, we called it 'nopales', and I'd never seen it on a taco menu.  So I ordered two Cactus Tacos with no cheese.  The very nice chick behind the counter said that the Cactus was prepared fresh daily and mixed with feta cheese.  Okay, I'm not lactose intolarant, just watching calories, so I said that would be fine, just no extra cheese.  She suggested I get three tacos, but I stuck with two, glad I did.  I then paid $1.00 for a can of diet pepsi. $1.00!!!? Get fountain drinks, please.I waited less than 3 minutes to pick up my tacos from the patio window in the back and sat down amongst a bunch of happily chewing people.  I was excited!The size of the tacos was great!  I was really happy I only got two, b/c I wouldn't be able to fit in three. I also noticed that there was shredded cheddar on them, even though I'd asked for no extra cheese.  I took off as much as I could and didn't think much about it.  As I picked up the first taco, I thought, 'wow, these seem cold...omg, these *are* cold.'  Who eats cold tacos?  The nopales (prickly pear cactus) were ice cold. ice cold.  The flour tortillas were also cold, the only thing that wasn't cold were the lukewarm pinto beans.  Okay.. I'm half-mexican and will eat a lot of things in a tortilla, almost anything, but I have never been served cold nopales.Okay, I decided to give it a try, because I'm willing to try anything once. The first bite was crunchy and my intial thought was "holy crap they didn't clean the cactus of needles!"  then I realized the crunchiness was merely from the *partially-cooked* rice that was in the taco.  I opened up both tacos, scooped the uncooked rice out and finished them. I wanted to like this place so badly!  Why, oh why couldn't you have been amazing?!I may be too forgiving, but I'm willing to go back and try one of their hot dogs....but give me some time......
5	Awesome place, cool little beach house, makes you feel you're not in Phoenix for a bit!  highly recommended.
5	All of my co-workers raved about this place and I finally had the opportunity to try it at lunch.  Wow, this was the most amazing burrito I have ever had.  For me, the flavor was out of this world.  There are other chain restaurants that make burritos that should shudder.  This place rocks.  I have only been two times and am entirely hooked.  the green pork burrito is my favorite so far.  One piece of advice, if you plan on stopping in for your lunch break (12 p.m.), I would order in advance to save you time in line and waiting for your order.  Seating is all outside, Beach House says it all.
5	I realllly loved this place!! The whole family went and we each ordered the three tacos for $5 and some change, the chips and salsa $2.95, and we also got their flavored lemonade. We got the fish tacos, carne asada, pork, chicken, and chicken feta tacos....we all loved them and the problem was not being able to finish them. We could only eat two and ended up eating the other one later. I got mine without the cabbage and was pleased that I did because it would have been too much. I love that they put rice and beans in their tacos because this is how we do it at home. The lemonade was so delicious...I had the pomagranite and I was wishing they had free refills. The chips and salsa was very good as well and they give you plenty of salsa.The place is adorable and they folks that work there were friendly and helpful with suggestions on what to get. I will be back to this place and also want everyone to check them!!
5	After leaving Sack's Cafe at 3:30 (23rd ave & Camelback), I have just enough time to skate over the extra five blocks to Two Hippies Beach House before I have to be to my other place of employment, Practical Art near Central & Camelback.  I ate at THBH two days ago and I've been plotting how many times I can make this excursion each week since. It's SO good.Managing the cafe, I've learned a lot about food cost margins, and I saw another Yelper mention this in relation to THBH's pricing ($2 loaded tacos!).  And YES, we all need to eat here en masse and buy in BULK so this place can stay profitable enough to feed me!  And why shouldn't we?? This place has delicious food-- all muy fresca! I ordered two tacos, a Cactus Taco and their daily special-- Artichoke & Black Bean.  For some reason, I half expected them to be in corn tortillas, but I wasn't disappointed when I realized that they actually came in 6" flour tortillas.  These things were stuffed to the gills, so they were a bit messy-- but I managed to very diligently get most of the food into my mouth.  I can accomplish a lot when I'm focused.  I ordered a blackberry lemonade to accompany my tacos, which was sweet, but tasty.  I think this is a great 'schtick' for the Beach House-- lemonade in something like a dozen flavors.  These folks are right on point thematically with everything they've put together here-- I've seen a few places go under for trying to encompass too many modalities.  To tie a bow on it, FINALLY a place that proves buying local and healthy doesn't mean breaking the bank.  Heart these hippies.
3	DH & I had the tacos had 3 tacos...carne asada, fish, and chicken, fish was probably the best. The tacos were good, but the meat on its own had no flavor. We also had a burrito, which we didn't enjoy, we left most of it.
4	Lunch at Two Hippies Beach House can turn a Monday into a fun-day. I discover something new every time I go - like the Village People album covers, bumper stickers, action figures and list of 10 worst rock songs.I love going for lunch and getting a couple of tacos and sharing and order of chips and salsa. The tacos (and burritos) come with pinto beans, cheese, rice, cabbage, tomatoes, onions and a wedge of lime, but nobody squawks when you place a special order. (Big surprise, I 86 the tomatoes.) I've tried the fish, chicken, pork and carne asada tacos, and I think the fish are my favorite while the pork are a close second. The chips are store bought but the salsa makes it worth it. BTW, the tacos are cheap - $2 each. Their flavored lemonade is the bomb! I think I look for people to meet me there for lunch just so that I can get the blackberry lemonade. Pomegranate and raspberry are pretty tasty, too.One of these days I need to try the red chili beef burrito...which gives me an excuse to go back.I recommend carpooling if you're going for lunch. Parking is limited and the place gets busy quickly. They turn the food around fast, and you can always call ahead for a pick up order.
5	I'm writing this review today without having read any previous reviews of this place. I did not seek it out, rather stopped in for lunch today because my girlfriend had been here many times and suggested it.To start with, I don't throw 5 stars out there very often. Actually, I don't think anyone does. However, this place is such a little gem I believe that it deserves high marks for the service they offer.My girlfriend and I each got a chicken taco and a carne asada taco. Let me just say that the portions alone, for 2 bucks a pop, are more than average. Add on top of that, the fact that they come stacked with rice and beans and loads of cheese and you've got a great bargain. I will say that I did not enjoy the chicken taco quite as much as I did the carne asada, which means I will probably just stick with the latter in the future. I had the privilege of meeting the owner as he stopped by our table to talk with us a bit about some of the changes he's made (more shade on the patio, misting system, etc.) and the newest addition to his restaurants, a breakfast joint, which he says will open sometime in mid July 09 and seat around 100. This is good news, I think, because there is not much seating here or at his burger joint. And although, they have no problem packing them in, even during these hard times, he was very grateful to be doing so well and hoped to see us again. He was very pleasant to talk to and also very accessible.So let's talk about the service itself. You might think that a little dive place like this, selling $2 tacos (or 3 for $5) might just want to take your order and push you on through like cattle, trying to serve as many people as possible with very little personality or courtesy. That could not be further from reality here. The kid taking our order at the register apologized for blinking too much, saying that the grill was kicking out a little more smoke than usual. Another kid who brought our tacos outside to us was very polite, to the extent of saying thank you for coming and how they appreciate our business. Now c'mon, these are just kids. Usually you would expect quite the opposite but we felt very welcome.The menu consisted of all sorts of tacos, burritos and even hot dogs. It seems they had an extensive assortment of lemonades, as well but we chose sodas. Parking is limited. The order comes out very quickly and for all of this, I love this place and will be returning.It's great to have a restaurant like this that is locally owned, very easy on the wallet AND the food is delicious! I would encourage anyone to stop in and see for themselves. Maybe we'll see ya there!
2	Well... I'm not sure what happened, or what is outrageous.Okay, the first time I visited this place... carne asada burrito was pretty tasty. The fish tacos, were... you know, fish tacos. Reasonably priced, reasonably good. Plus good drink. Good enough to make a visit #2, and bring a few people with me. HOWEVER, visit #2... I must say, it is not reasonable to have your salivary glands dry up after a bite of fish taco, or chicken taco. In sum... some items here are outrageously salted and give you outrageous high blood pressure. Oh, I'll give an additional star for the availability of sriracha.
4	Besides being a good taco/burrito/lemonade stand, THBH is imo the coolest club house on the block. It's chock-full of knickknacks, posters, and snarky signage that will keep you occupied while waiting for your order. I wasn't even bothered by the lingering smell of lavender incense, plenty of which to select from. I purchased opium and cherry. Nope, never gonna burn em; impulse buy. The side patio is a great spot to sit and munch on 2 dollar tacos while being windblown by industrial coolers and misting systems. I love it. Tonight's attraction, Poetry Slam, and man this was one slam jam. Note to self, take up ripping people to shreds by way of organized angry verbal release. Possible new found therapy. My mental first draft in play as a sit sipping on a paper parasol topped watermelon lemonade. In sum, I find one word that describes this jaunt, E-CLECTIC! Beats the heck out of drive-thru any day.
2	Yuck. The chicken in my tacos was dry and tasteless. The lemonade was pricey and tasted like Countrytime powder. The people that were eating here apparently thought they were awesome, and I was not, so they gave me the stinkeye the entire time I was there.Came here on a friend's suggestion. Was definitely not impressed. Bad food, bad clientele...not coming back ever again.
1	I used to LOVE this place but it has quickly gone downhill as it gained popularity.  Long waits and the quality of foods is sub-McDonalds-quality.  Barf.
2	I so wanted to like this place.  I've driven by it several times, and at night the mulitcolored lights and cute signage give it an intimate, urban-hip feel.  I will say that the staff is super friendly, and the service was very good.  But for me, when I eat out it's all about the food, and it was not that tasty.  It was cheap, for sure, but I've had cheap, delicious food before and this was not it.  I ordered the blackberry lemonade and their special burrito of the day, a chicken burrito with green chile.  The lemonade tasted like cotton candy, and it wasn't actually a drink; it was a slushy.  The chicken burrito was pretty dry, and was filled with shredded lettuce, chopped tomatoes, and what looked like kraft shredded cheese.  It's my fault for not asking what all came on the burrito, but I HATE shredded lettuce.  I had to struggle to find any green chile, and when I did, it didn't pack a lot of flavor.  I wish I could recommend it, but I probably won't eat there again.
1	Sorry, don't agree with most of ya yelpers on this place. I wanted to stop by this place for awhile, so Sunday I took the trip down here to see what some of the fuss was all about. Cheap good food drew me in, and I'm a sucker for fish tacos. I drove up to this place thinking yes, this does look like a hippies house, with all the misc. crap placed all over the walls, ceilings and windows. I wouldn't say it had much of the beach vibe I think they were going for, or maybe it's just me, I have lived most of my life in San Diego and near the Beach, and most little beach shacks I've been to have a different vibe to them. On the board it said something like famous fish taco's or something like that. I thought oh yes then, got to try those.. I really don't know why I insist to challenge my gut feeling of "don't order the fish taco's, your in the middle of the freakin desert, there is no ocean for hundreds of miles", but no.. I had to order them. Taco's were cheap, like $2 a piece. The guy working at the counter that took our order was super friendly, he took the time to ask us how are day was going and what have we been up to and stuff. We waited about five minutes and our order was up. While waiting I was looking around at all the mess that was placed everywhere, and was wondering how this tied into there "theme".   And I wonder how long it's been since this place has gotten a good scrub, or at least a dusting???OK, our order was up, and we sat in the back on some picnic benches. It was hot, but they did have a huge fan that made it bearable to sit back there. We opened up our fish taco's and noticed, wow these are huge! They piled all sorts of stuff in there.. cabbage, rice, ton's of cheese, fish, some sort of secret sauce, all on a flour, kinda thick shell (taste like the mission brand). Grabbed the taco with both hands and bit into the taco. Blahhhh, it was the fish.. Oh man, the fish killed it.. taste so fishy and soggy it was gross. Next, don't ask me why I did it, but I thought I'd try it again. So I poured the red hot sauce they had given on it and tried it again.. Blahhhh, gross, gross, gross. The sauce didn't help at all. There sauce had no heat to it, and the fish was just as bad as the first bite. I had bought two taco's, and looked in back of me, and there were two guys in there 20's macking down on taco's, and I offered them our taco's we didn't eat. They said, no man.. where good. So I couldn't even give these away for free.. We drove off grossed out, and I had this fishy taste in my mouth for about 20 minutes before I had to stop and get something else to eat to get the taste out. Soda wasn't doing the trick. I remember saying to my husband in the car driving off, I don't feel good, I think I'm going to puke.. really my stomach hurt, and in no way do I have a sensitive stomach. Like others had said, I really did want to like this place, but no way I'll ever ever return. Sorry..
4	Ok. So I've never actually been to Two Hippies BHOTAB...but I'm going to review it anyway. JUST KIDDING! I've had take out but someone else has always picked it up for me. You know. I have people for that. First off I must say for bong sake you have the longest restaurant name evah! Secondly I must say your pork tacos really hit the spot. Granted one side of the tortilla becomes a bit slimy by the time it reaches me (from my people) and the foil is unwrapped (again, my people) and I finally plunge that delicious hippie taco into my boca. The pork is moist (ewww, i don't usually say moist...OMG...I said it twice) and a little crunchy in parts. Perfection. Seasoned with love. Like a good hippie. A few beans, cabbage, cheese and tomatoes thrown in and I'm happier than a hippie at a Patchouli sale. Or happier than a hippie in a muraled van selling incense and bongs on Venice Beach. Or happier than....oh...you get the idea. All this love for under $2 a taco. Now I know why you are Outgrageous! I may tye dye a t shirt, get out the Nag Champa and pop in Dazed and Confused. Now. Damnit. Where is that bag of Doritos?
1	I have to start off on a good note. .  the meat fillings in my tacos were tender and seasoned beautifully . .   enough said . . my taco was a slimy mess. . the FLOUR tortillas were drenched and turned doughy and nasty.   Upon returning inside to see if i could remedy the situation I was met with an impromptu line and had to wait ten minutes to get a corn tortilla and a fork.   Come on now. . . can you make a fork accessible to your patrons?   So I informed the young girl at the counter i was unhappy with the tortillas and she pointed to a VERY SMALL sign that said corn tortillas now available. . woohoo   We are in Arizona for Christ's sake . . tacos normally come in corn tortillas. . . flour should be the second choice.  So she charged me for a couple corn tortillas that were old and dry . . they tore in two when i folded them. .  So upset with my experience i folded my soggy mess up and discarded it.   and  I HATE to waste food.
4	I live locally, and have driven by this surf shack hundreds of times. I found myself really hungry after work, and, feeling bored of the usual haunts, decided to finally give Two Hippies a try. I got a heavy brown paper sack full of bulging fish tacos, and a side of chips and salsa. The fish tacos were juicy and very tasty - solidly good, yet nothing that blasted-me-out-of-the-water good. I think the value is what is most noticeable: $5 gets you three tacos with stuffings of your choice. I was very happy, and think that even Rubio's could go toe-to-toe (I may even prefer Rubio's fish tacos to Two Hippies). Check it out, and you'll get a tasty meal for dirt cheap. The success of Two Hippies is evident by their recent boon: I think they're opening two more places (pizza and a breakfast joint), to add to their local empire. I'm interested to check them out, and hope they are as good at the tacos at their surf shack on Camelback.
1	If I could rate this place as a zero I would. I ordered a peach lemonade (the drink was tasty) and three fish tacos. From all the good reviews from this joint, it makes you wonder if people even have taste buds.The price was $5 and some change for the tacos, good portion size if you are hungry. But the fish tasted borderline foul, maybe they were trying to get rid of old fish. Don't know, definitely would not recommend. Be sure to bring the vomit bag if you order this dish.I hate to give a crappy opinion, but I was craving some good fish tacos hoping to find that diamond in the ruff. This is not....
4	Not bad for a couple of white guys opening up a Mexican joint! I guess the words Mexican and joint back-to-back can be misleading! So I'll rephrase that with Hippie style restaurant with a hint of Mexican food. They definitely have Mexicans in the kitchen cooking so you can trust this place knows what they are doing at least! These Hippie are kinda smart :) The concept is different than what you would normally expect (but the name of this place should shine some light and give an environmental foreshadow) and the food is "far out, man!" Being Mexican myself, it's got my approval. The inside where you place your order gets crowded and is a small little area. The service is pretty good, they claim all the ingredients are "organic" and it does taste mighty yummy! Their fruit drinks are excellent too! The price is above average in comparison I think but bearable I guess. ***The Bafroom: GOOD LUCK if you find yourself having the urge to use the restroom for anything! This is an outdoor eating environment and I didn't see any restrooms anywhere so no review on this. If you can correct me on this and lead me to my ultimate destination, please do and I will update this at a later date. In the meantime, better have some wet naps or Purell to sanitize your hands if you're a germ freak!
4	2 words: taco heaven!don't expect authentic mexican anything, read the sign! hippy tacos = delicious tacos. great service--a cheap and enjoyable experience every time.
4	This is the kind of fun and funky place that you just want to like.  Tiny, so going at unusual times (like later at night) is a bonus to get a seat.  They seem to be known for their fish tacos, but that's probably my least favorite thing on the menu.  The fish is peppered and not my taste.  However, the pork taco was terrific!  The kids had burritos with whole beans, great cabbage and tomatoes.  YUM.  And grape lemondade.  Sounds a little weird, but it was very refreshing and makes you feel like a kid again :-)  And with all the trippy decor, it's just part of the ride.  Next time I'll try the hot dogs.  Seriously - the guy behind us got a hot dog with feta and bacon!!  Again, sounds a little wacky, but I can't find anything wrong with bacon and feta, so how wrong could they be on a hot dog?
2	I was out running a couple of errands last week and a friend called and suggested lunch at Two Outraged Hippies Taco's and Beach something:)I hadn't been to a Two Hippies for a couple of years...I think it was their burger joint...that one didn't make much of an impression on me either way :-IBut I thought to myself...well, I like lunch:)And, I like taco's:)And I was a hippie of the first water back in my day (which, BTW, means that it's no longer "My Day", sadly:(But I'm not thrilled by Two Hippies taco's:(I got dos taco's...a chicken and a carne asada, along with a can of soda pop...the people taking my $5.00 cash were very nice (and they were trying to dress up like hippies or something, too!...too adorable for words:)I didn't get fish taco's...experience (the kind gained through trial and many, many errors)...has taught me that the only place that I really like to get fish tacos, is from one of the beach palapa's in Bahia de Navidad...where the panga's pull right up on the sand...the fishermen jump out and hand the cook in the palapa a red snapper or dorado or something else with fins...they clean it, cut it up, grill it, throw some lettuce and homemade salsa on it and it's a taco about 30 minutes after it quit swimming:)Those are pretty good fish taco's...esp. washed down with a cerveza or three:)...I don't remember the name of the place...probably "taco de playa" or something...just walk down the beach...you can't miss it:)10 pesos each for the taco's, 25 pesos a pop for the cerveza...it's a very good deal:)...BTW, that doesn't include round-trip first class airfare or the Governors Suite at the Grand Bay:)No beach at 5th and Camelback:(But, I digress:)I liked the service and the price (and I really appreciate the staff trying to look like hippies for me...really...a blast from past:)I really didn't care for the food, itself...outrageous has a number of different connotations, depending on context...but I didn't find the taco's "outrageous" in any sense of the word:)Although nowhere near as bad as Skip & Jan's attempt at taco's, the hippies taco's leave more than a bit to be desired...the carne asada was dry, stringy, bland, and the salsa they give you in the little plastic cups didn't really improve things.So I tried the chicken taco and found it to be dry, stringy, bland, and the salsa they gave...!Hey wait a minute...did they just give me two of the same thing and try to call them something different?!?!?...That would be so like the hippies I knew back in the `60's and `70's:-)...always stoned, never quite sure what they were doing...so much fun to watch:)But no, they gave me carne asada and chicken...the taco's just looked and tasted very much alike (the chicken was somewhat whiter, but other than that...not much difference:(In Phoenix, a city with so many options for getting my taco fix, even the nostalgia for times long gone (and thankfully so...can you imagine a world in which all we want to do is sit around all day, get high, and make love...not war...where would we all be? :-) can't make up for these lackluster offerings:(There are tons of better taco shop's...many of which don't even require the plane ride and hotel stay:)
3	ok, I still love the tacos and burritos from here, but now they don't take cash. still no iced tea and the patio area in the summer time is miserable.it will probably be a while before a I go here again, unless I actually have some cash on me, which is rare.
2	This place always has such a long line during the lunch rush, I figured that must mean something.It does. It means it takes a long time for them to take your order.I don't get what all the long lines are about. I love the decor and the uniqueness of a beach fish taco stand in Phoenix, I really do. Especially since it's walking distance from my apartment.  But one fish and one chicken taco later, I didn't get it. They tasted like tacos I could have made at home with tilapia, store bought cheese, and store bought shredded lettuce and tortillas. I was very disappointed. I haven't been back since. I'd be willing to go back to try one of their fruit smoothies which people do rave about, but not for the food by any means.
4	this is a quirky little place with delicious fish tacos. you'll never run out of things to look at while you wait for your food. they have a random collection of things covering every inch of space. very cute. i would have given this place five stars, but the counter girl got a little sassy with me when i asked for some extra sour cream.
2	We took a trip on our lunch hour to grab some grub for work. I had the burrito special "Chicken Piccata". umm as long as I have lived, chicken piccata consists of: chicken breast cutlets, dredged in flour, browned, served with sauce of butter, lemon juice, capers, and stock or wine. Right? This was none of those things.. it was more like a chicken fajita burrito and bland at that. It was decent and hefty but Im sorry Baja Fresh blows this place out of the water.
4	I love me some hippies. These tacos are amazingly good. Lunchtime tip: Call your order in before you head over, because there is always a line.
2	Bland, uninspired, mushy.I had 2 fish and 1 bean taco. The beans were good - the rest of the tacos, not so much! They were kind of slopped together. No fountain drinks - cans and bottles only. So much for being eco-friendly hippies.
1	This place was really not that good. I was sad...I was hoping for something delicious and spicy and authentic - being that the decor was hip and the location convenient.The price was good.
1	You can hear this owner talking karma to anyone who will listen.  Well, I've got karma for you: Revo Burrito, over by Zen 32.  They seemed to have stolen the whole Two Hippies menu, right down to the flavored lemonades but-and get this-Revo Burrito had the inisght to include AIR CONDITIONING!Why would Two Hippies expect business to grow when its 115 degrees out?  Answer: it didn't and now they've got some real competition.  And I saw American Burrito gonna open up on 7th Ave.Two Hippies was overrated to begin with and now they've gotta slug it out with people doing the same thing, the same menu...only better!Stay away from this dump.
5	Loved this place!  We're new to Phoenix and happened upon this restaurant by accident.  We looked at the menu and decided to get the 3 tacos for $5.00 and a bottle of water for $6.00 total.  Menu prices include tax and they accept cash only.I had 2 chicken tacos while my wife tried a fish taco.  Included on each taco is:  Beans, cheese, tomatoes, onions, shredded cabbage, rice, a choice of meat, which green sauce and red salsa on the side.  These aren't tiny taco bell tacos.  These things are huge and delicious!  My wife loved her fish taco and the chicken tacos were also fantastic.  We can't wait to go back.  My only wish was that I had black beans on my tacos instead of pinto beans, but my wife looked at their menu online later and found that I could have requested them.  A minor error I shall correct on our next visit.
3	I like what the Two Hippies brand is trying to do.  Bring a local chain of food at a great price point.  The problem is, they aren't killing it on the product.   If you want to have a dumpy location, with nowhere to sit, and a decent concept, the food better be damn good.There is no place to sit inside, so I am not sure how this place will make it through the winter.The food is ok.  Its not terrible, but it doesn't even compare to another mid-town taco shop (America's).  I'm not going to argue if I am taken here, but I will definitely suggest America's over this establishment in a heart beat, even though Two Hippies is closer to both work and home.
5	This place is just as great as Two Hippies Magic Mushroom Burgers!!!  I got the Loaded Chicken Quesidilla.  It was fresh, taste great, and was very filling.  The atmosphere was also pretty cool.  Lets just say it was such a fun inviting place, I weathered the 50 degree temps to sit on the back patio!!!
3	I was lucky enough to meet up here with Christina P for lunch yesterday.  The menu is currently the same as the other beach house with soft tacos, burritos and hot dogs.  They are are planning to add tamales to the regular menu and we got to try a sample of pork tamale and it was tasty.I got the three tacos for $5 and a lemonade for $3.  There are several flavors of lemonade but I got the plain.  I got one each of fish, carne asada and chicken.  They were all tasty and I tried some of both the green and red sauces on them.  One thing I noticed is the meat didn't stand out on any of them and there was very little taste difference between the three.  All the ingredients were fresh and there was nothing soggy.  I thought the lemonade was good.They have only been open a week and of course the place is spotless.  The two employees we dealt with were very pleasant.  I always carry cash which is a good thing because that is all they take.  There is an ATM in the lobby.  I haven't been to their other location but I am told it is much smaller. Inside there were 5 2tops and some stools with a couple of tables outside too.  The tables would seat 3 or 4 (cramped) so I think they should have a couple of additional chairs.Overall I see it as a good neighborhood place to grab a quick bite to eat but certainly not a destination
1	I went in expecting a very nice fish taco, but the porridge/mush that passed for fish was fishy and nasty... how's that for the start of a review?Ok, the place is nicely enough furnished if you think a la chuy's or chipotle's metal furnishings but with more crap on the walls.  It's clean, the people were pleasant and nice and the counter service fine.The wife ordered a hotdog, i'm sure she'll review that.  I wasn't impressed.  But let's get to the rest of the food.  I ordered the 3 pack of tacos for $5.  Ok price.  Green beef, pork and fish.  All of them came wrapped in aluminum foil with sticky but cold flour tortillas and the same mess of cabbage, tomato and white and yellow cheese.  All were freezing cold which made the meat luke warmish.  They were all a miss for me.  I would not step back in this place for a taco.  Fatty pork is fine, if its cooked nicely, but this was not. Green beef was ok, as long as I piled the pretty good tomatillo salsa over it.  The fish...let's leave it at ugh.  If this is their specialty, it's over already.  This is Sunnyslope, and with the authentic delicious taco and burrito choices around here, this place is only competing with the tacos across the street at Jack in the Box, and I would probably eat those before I'd touch another one of these, it was that bad for me.Sorry, hippies.   This wasn't good.  If you are going to come into a Mexican part of town you'd better bring the meat to compete.  You are far outclassed in taco land.So, after some thought I decided rather than just pan the place, I'm giving suggestions:  1. use a paper or wax paper between the aluminum and taco, or you have a mess.2. do something with that too cold cabbage/cheese/tomato3.  grill the fish and don't smother it / chop it up.  make sure its fresh.4.  get a better cut of pork, go organic (maybe it is), season it better5.  keep the happy people in front, they were nice6.  don't blend your lemonade with ice, it was awful and too sweet7.  quit buying your chips at Costco, those round ones suck8.  do something with the guacamole, it was ok just being avocado and lime, but it was pureed.  keep it chunky.9.  get more input from your mexican chefs, they probably know what is wrong10. Both the red and green salsas were good, just need a taco to go with it.
1	I couldn't have been more disappointed with my first venture into a Two Hippies.  My husband and I rushed home to see who could hammer this place on Yelp first (he beat me).  I ordered a hot dog because I love hotdogs.  This one was large and cheap, but the flavor was mostly salt, and it looks boiled, which did nothing to improve it.  The bun was excruciatingly hot, and as soon as it cooled enough to eat, was excruciatingly tough and chewy (either overly steamed or overly microwaved).  Hot dog alone would have earned 2 stars, but unfortunately I tried to share the hubby's tacos...  eeeewww, the fish mush tacos were downright nasty.  Seriously, they were not just lacking good qualities, they had a mushy texture and bad taste.  The pork in the pork tacos was fatty, chewy, and overly marinated.  The green beef was tolerable, but nowhere near pleasant.  Overall a bad food experience and I came home hungry enough to pig out on Christmas cookies.  Atmosphere is fine, place is clean, service quick and pleasant - but that does not make up for the food.
3	I have been hearing about the Two Hippies brand for awhile now, but was never near one around a meal time.  Now that my office is closer, I decided to try out the Mexican concept, because I love me some Mexican food!I was a bit overwhelmed when ordering, it is not that they have a large menu by any means, but it is up on a chalkboard above the register, and I felt the pressure to order quickly.  It was not until after I ordered that I realized that they only took cash, and my wallet was filled with plastic!  I told the guy I would go run to the bank, but he pointed to the ATM machine in the corner, so I felt obligated to go ahead and pay the fee to get my $5 burrito.I ordered the green chile beef, because I have been obsessed with that lately, and it also said that the burrito was served with rice, beans, cheese, lettuce and tomatoes.  Before I could make my way around to the pick-up window my order was ready.  I took my burrito back to my office and took a bite...it was good, but it was the green chile beef that I was expecting.  It was just shredded beef that had been seasoned with green chiles, it was good, but really just tasted like shredded beef.  The main issue I had with my burrito, other than it being the size of my head, was that it wasn't very hot.  I could tell that they attempted to warm up the tortilla, but didn't give it enough time to fully heat through, making the tortilla a bit stiff and hard to keep wrapped around the filling.  Another tell tale sign that it wasn't very hot?  None of the cheese even thought about beginning to melt!  I like it when the cheese starts to melt and blends in with all the other flavors, but nope, this cheese stayed in its purest unmelted form.I might give this place a try again, while I wasn't blown away, the price is right and I see that there could be hidden potential.
2	Seeing the word "hippies" in the restaurant name had me stoked, as them tree-huggin hippie types got to have some vegetarian food, right? Yep.I walked up to the lil window and asked about the veggie options, the guy behind the counter informed me that they have a cactus burrito and that it was one of his favorites. Score! Or so I thought...Upon receiving the large, heavily stuffed burrito, I bit in with high hopes. Those hopes quickly dissipated as I found that the innards of the burrito were primarly COLD. The cactus pieces were cold, the cheese wasn't melted at all. The only thing that had a bit of warmth were the beans, which weren't even hot, they were luke warm.Sorry guys, but a cold burrito isn't going to cut it. Make that cactus, beans and rice HOT in your burritos if you want some customers. Melt the friggin cheese in there, don't leave it ice cold.
2	This joins my long list of places that I really want to love, but ...I love the atmosphere. I love what they SAY they stand for. I love the concept of two hippies dropping out and dropping back in as restaurateurs.What I don't love is the food. The chicken and fish tacos I had were bland. No flavoriing. Thank god they had hot sauce (not homemade, store bought) on the table to spice things up a bit.On a positive note, the prives were good and the salsa they serve with store-bought chips wasn't bad. And the lemonade (they were out of most flavors both times I visited) was good. But overall, maybe it's time for the hippies to clean up their act. Worry about the food a little more than the message.
2	I was disappointed in my last visit, I had the 3 tacos ( carne asada and red beef). The carne asada was really bad...tons of fat and grissle, I was only able to take 3 bites and I could not do no more. The red beef had good flavor, the problem was that the meat is cooked in a broth, so when they put it in the taco the whole tortilla was soaked and falling apart..I ended up having to pick at it with a fork.My husband had a carne asada burrito..again the meat was not good and he did not like the cabbage ..it looked old and tasted old.The service was solid and there are other things that I like about the place...but they need some quality control..who wants to eat fatty carne asada and soggy tacos??? Two hippies if you are out there reading this..please...address some of these issues, I really want to come back.
2	I REALLY wanted to like this place.  The cute cashier boy and the fun little stand was a great start; however, the tacos were another story.  I ordered the fish taco and the carna asada taco with green chile.  My tortillas were falling apart from the grease and from the large quantity of the meat, cheese, and cabbage.  That was not too bad but the flavor or the tacos were just plain salty.  So salty that I really couldn't enjoy the beef in my taco.  I tried the fish taco and the fish was "sick" as in not well, and ill.  That's what I call fish when they have this fishy smell that's beyond the normal fish smell.  I know my fish, trust me (I'm Asian okay) and the fish in my taco was just not right.  Granted the tacos were cheap and the quantity was large; however,  I rather pay more and eat a fish taco that is "not sick."
1	It's been about a year since I last dined here and things have changed and not necessarily for the better. My wife and I both remembered their burritos as quite enjoyable, with fresh tasty ingredients, sizable without being too much and properly assembled (which makes a big difference if you plan to not eat it with a fork and knife). Well this time, we were in for an awakening when we finally got our burritos (which took about 10 minutes for them to prepare on a not-so-busy afternoon). I ordered a simple bean and cheese burrito and my wife ordered the fish burrito. Both burritos were enormous, overstuffed and so poorly wrapped that after one bite, both our burritos fell apart revealing the inner contents to both be lukewarm with unmelted cheese and rather tasteless beans, rice, tons of cabbage and average at best tasting fish. In order to eat our meals, we had do scoop out at least half the contents in order to properly fold the bland tasting tortillas holding this mess together. Neither of us could fathom why Two Hippies hires cooks apparently residing in southern Arizona who don't seem to have a clue as to how a burrito is supposed to be wrapped so I suppose that is an achievement, The whole affair turned out to be a completely unsatisfying sloppy mess, and not one we are likely to repeat at any time soon.It should be stated in fairness that the counterperson who took our order was enthusiastic and friendly. And the specialty lemonade drinks were good.
3	I was out running errands when I got hungry and decided to take a shot on Two Hippies Beach House. I pulled in and almost hit a crack head who walked in front of my car with two Phoenix Police Officers as witnesses to this mishap. After waiting for said crack head to skitter away, I got out of my car and approached the line. One of the officers said to me "Good brakes!" Whew! For my lunch, I decided on a fish burro sans cilantro and a peach lemonade. I was thankful for the cash I had in my wallet as they do not accept plastic of any form. I only had to wait for about 5 minutes for my food to be done and I was on my way home. I unwrapped my burro and took a huge bite. Hmm... nothing too amazing, just ok. First off. I DISLIKE when restaurants don't warm the tortilla that they make burros with and yes, this Blatina can tell the difference. Second, the burro was FULL of cabbage and not a lot of fish. The salsa was good and flavorful so I used a lot of it to flavor the burro and it brought some good spice to the burro. Overall it was just ok. Nothing amazing and nothing I would crave. The real winner was the peach lemonade that comes in slushy form. Yum! I would visit Two Hippies again to try their other offerings. The price is good, and the food is ok.
2	I will keep this one short.Value: Great. (lots of food for the moo la...wait is that how you spell it?)Atmosphere: Ummm...interesting place.  But cheaply put together.Quality: Ho hum. The food was fine...but nothing special.  Very plain.Service: Well not much in the way of service...order and the window and get out of the way.Not my favorite but worth the visit.
4	If Castle boutique and camelback were not at the front door I would have never known that I was in Phoenix.  Seems like something right out of Baja.  This place reminds me of some of the dive places that I have been in Mexico on the beach.  So if you are looking for Fast Food at reasonable prices that tastes great you should check it our.  Best part is that you don't need the Imodium after the meal like in Mexico.  The day that I went had a green chicken taco special and I hope that stays one the menu.  I liked it much better then the bean and cheese or carne asada taco.  They also have a great selection of lemonade with flavors that I have never heard.  Make sure to bring cash... that is all they take!
3	Great lunch spot.  Tacos are good and cheap.  Not your traditional mexican taco, more of refreshing americanized taco.  They are always fresh and refreshing.  My only complaint is often times they are too salty!  If they could figure out the salt, I might give it four stars.  Overall, a quick and easy lunch and you won't be disappointed.
4	I love the vibe, atmosphere, prices, nostalgia. The chips are too salty but the portions are generous and tasty.
1	Okay, I'm a firm believer in three strikes you're out.  I gave it two tries, but I couldn't even stomach a third time at this place.  God!!!!  I sooooooo wanted to love this little quirky place that reminded me of the beach stands in the few remaining un-yuppified beach towns in California. Well, the atmosphere is there, right down to the funny guys that work the place.  Food is pretty much like music for me, I like all music and I like all food.  I can pretty much find something good in every meal....but not so today.  I take that back...the salsa verde was some of the best I have had.  First try there....wet soggy flavorless fish tacos.This weekend, I sent my hubby down for a couple of burritos (recommended by yelp reviewers actually), I knew it was a gamble, and I wanted to be able to give a good review, so I picked something everyone said was consistently good.  The green beef burrito.  Hubby had a hot dog of some sort.  Little had a bean, cheese and rice burrito.  We were 0 for 0.  My burrito....so cold the cheese didn't melt, so big it couldn't even fold and so wet the tortilla melted.  I don't know if it was so disturbing to eat that I couldn't taste it, or if it just had none.  My husband's hot dog grossed me out just at presentation.  He started to make something else and I said, well at least try it, he did and he had to choke it down.  Little has NEVER turned down a bean and cheese but she took one bite and never looked back.  I want places like this to stick around so bad I'm tempted to print out these reviews and mail them to them.  I'm on a bad review streak.  Gotsta find some good eats soon, maybe Golden Buddah for lunch will turn me around!
2	I came in for a quick bite to eat after my sister told me they had good tacos and burritos and vegetarian-friendly. I thought I'd try a variety and order one fish, one cactus and one veggie/bean. First strike? I got attitude for a asking a few questions and asking that they leave the cheese and sour cream off. Then after ordering I realized they use flour tortilla (listed NO WHERE on the board) and asked that they use corn tortilla instead of their flour since I am gluten-free. Ok, whatever. I get it. I am complicated and so are my orders. This isn't new.Second strike? They were slower than hell! Their fish tacos were delicious. Oh so messy and oh so yummy.But the cactus tacos? It was just OK. And the black bean taco? Not so much. It was bland and dry. Maybe I just had high-expectations for a Taco joint in Phoenix?I'd try them again just for their fish tacos if I was nearby, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
4	Stopped by for a quick lunch, shared the fish and chicken tacos. The blueberry mint lemonade is great, try it. The 3 taco special is a good deal, especially if you  like chicken tacos.
4	Great Food served fast and cheerfully on a Sunday night in a town that pretty much rolls up the sidewalks at dusk.Alright, that's not very fair to Phoenix, I'm sure there is plenty to do in the wee hours of the night if you know where to look and I don't.Fortunately I noticed Two Hippies Beach House yesterday night and remembered it tonight when I wanted some good food, fast and cheap and fun.The prices are a solid value, four tacos, chips and salsa, mango lemonade and a bottled water, all for under $14. Plenty of food for two and very filling. Unfortunately they take cash only. Fortunately they have an ATM with a very reasonable dollar fifty service charge right in the building. Decor and atmosphere is fun and laid back. Outdoor seating is varied and if you can't find a comfy spot to sit and enjoy your food you are way to demanding.Four tacos, one Green Beef, one Cactus, one Chicken, and one Carne Asada, were all very tasty. I opted out of the cabbage they use in leu of lettuce (crispness factor) out of consideration for my somewhat picky tummy. The Carne Asada had some gristly and fatty pieces and was overly peppery but still palatable. The green salsa could use a bit more kick. And the chips were fine, nothing to write home about.Had a chance to speak with the owner since we closed the place down. Mo is a terrific guy who is more than happy to answer questions about his suppliers and general business philosophy as well as his life, family, hobbies and interests. We very much enjoyed talking with him and will check out the other restaurants in the group.
3	I had dinner Wednesday night at J&G Steakhouse and dinner Saturday at T-Cook's.  In between, I had dinner at Two Hippies.I enjoyed a pork burrito stuffed with meat, cabbage, cheese, rice and beans.  The burrito was huge and tasted great.  It actually started to fall apart at the end because it was filled so full and that was all right with me.Including a can of coke, the total cost was $6.  That was my cheapest dinner out last week by a mile!
3	Store bought cheddar cheese on a fish taco?  What is this?  1990's Des Moine?  We've come too far as a dining public to have to put up with these conveniently concocted impostors.  Also, the "Sonoran dog" was less Sonora and more hippie haberdashery.Both items, the fish taco and hot dog, were decent.  It was just their bastardization of these two original classics that got to me.  They were so far from the originals that they shouldn't have shared the same name. The place is alright, the prices reasonable, and the ambiance relaxed.  A nice place to include in the lunch mix, given you work in the area.
1	This may be a gross generalization, but what kind of joint calls itself Two HIPPIES and serves their food on styrofoam?!
4	I eat at the Beach House at least once a week.  The fish tacos and carne asada tacos are my favorites, but I recommend checking the daily specials before ordering.  The food is always hot and fresh, and the service always friendly.
5	This place is freakin phenomenal! I go there once a week sometimes. It is not necessarily close to my work, but my co-workers and I dont mind the drive!!! Their pork tacos are by far the best. Sometimes there are some random specials, and the chicken ones are ok. Besides, 5 bucks for 3 tacos? Yes please!
4	I love two hippies! The atmosphere is really chill and the food is always good. I always get the bean and cheese burrito minus the onions and its fantastic, it always falls apart at the end but great non the less. The staff have always been friendly to me and you can tell the boss appreciates his staff as well as his customers.
3	Black bean taco.  $2.  Better than any/every burrito I've had in Manhattan since I moved, but not as good as some of the other hotspots here in the Phoenix metro area.We went before First Fridays, and the patio was super cute all lit up at the nighttime.  Our server had a delightful conversation with us about Shark Week, which, you know.  Good good stuff.
4	Ran across this place while running errands today.  I felt like I was in Newport Beach or something.  Got the 3-pack tacos for $5:  what a deal!  The owner, Andy, came out to welcome us and ask how everything was.  Very friendly guy, and funky little neighborhood place. They use mostly AZ products and try to go organic for their produce which is a big plus.  Check it out if you head over that way.
4	Well, when your expectations are about as low as they can be, it's easy to be pleasantly surprised. The other Two Hippies on 7th Ave in Melrose Plaza left such a bad taste that I couldn't bring myself to try this one. But eventually my longing to be on a beach in Mexico tempered with a bad economy drove me to try. It was good. Quite fun ambiance. I was glad I didn't go during a peak time because where you order is claustrophobic. But 3 tacos for $5 filled to the brim AND vegetarian options made it worth it. The biggest surprise was the free refill on the yummy fruit lemonades. $16 for 6 tacos, two lemonades (and refill), chips and salsa was a scream. As hungry as I was I couldn't finish all 3 tacos. Good stuff. The boys working were delightful!
1	Ok, I've tried this place twice and I'm not going back.  The food is.... food.  Maybe I'm just not the person for this place.
1	Truly not a great place for mexican food! The burritos were cold inside, cheese not melted and not wrapped correctly. Basically the goods were tossed in the middle of a tortilla and that was it. Yuck! Won't be going back!
3	I used to love this place when it first opened but the quality is starting to fall a bit and the prices have gone up.  It is still a fun place to go for food and chill.  I take first dates there to see if they can "hang".  It is my way of testing them.  If they can't appreciate a good hole in the wall then they cannot hang with me.
4	Fish tacos are delicious! I order mind with extra chipotle mayo and extra onions! Sooo delicious. My boy friend always orders the carne asada on corn tortillas, and he is never disappointed. We call ahead to ensure we're in and out in just a few mins. The brownies are so delicious, so worth the couple bucks! 3 for $5 is a great deal.
3	I finally wound up at Two Hippies for tacos the other day after living within a stone's  throw for a few months. Whenever I go to a place for tacos, I'm expecting one of two things... either mass quantities of grub on the cheap or in-your-face quality and flavor. Two Hippies Beach House takes care of the former. The service was friendly, and the chow is okay, not bad, but not outstanding in the slightest. It's truly perfect as a quick and filling meal that you can mow down with a few friends before going out to the bar or for when you are getting back from the bar. And that, to me, has it's own special place in the restaurant food chain. For $5 flat I can walk away with three giant tacos loaded with plenty of ruffage to extinguish my appetite. Throw in some green salsa with those tacos and I'm content. There's no doubt that I'll be back soon enough.
3	Not too bad but not too great either. Good deal on steak tacos. Some of them came out to soggy tho.
1	Blech.  Had the fish tacos, they tasted of fish that had been bottom feeders that had been frozen, thawed, refrozen and then thawed again before cooking.  i.e. mushy and not the best.  They were cheap though....
4	It's always a good sign to see a line at a lunch spot. Tacos were pretty good, my least favorite of the ones I tried was the fish, not that is it wasnt good, just that there are others I prefer. Beans were just plain ole pinto beans. All in all a good stop with good food and the price is just right for lunch.
1	This place is extremely sub par for a place that specializes in tacos. I'm pretty sure that they use canned chicken for their tacos & burritos and London broiled low-grade beef (which they try to pass of as carne asada). All in all, I could make their menu at home and have it taste better. The prices are cheap so I guess that you get what you pay for; however, I could get a much better tasting burrito at Chipotle or a local Filiberto's type of restaurant for the same price. I've given this place two chances to change my mind and my feelings have only solidified.
2	My primal food instincts failed me today! Or was it their bright, colorful sign that mislead me?!  It said "outrageous" and the joint itself had distinctive designs from the 70s that stood out like a sore thumb in this hoody part of 16th St.  I usually research a place before trying but this was a random stop by with a risk level of safe.  How could you go wrong with Tacos and Burritos, right? Well, it wasn't all that terrible but at the same time it lacked authenticity by miles. The interior decor was exactly what you would expect from a pot smoking hippie with posters of Jimi Hendrix, Rolling Stones, and Bob Marley plastered literally every inch of the neon green interior walls and ceiling.  I very much appreciated all the colorful details that was incorporated to express the character of the establishment.  The design department deserved 5-stars for sure!Coming here, I was a bit hungry so I opted for their 3-pack tacos. Of the six toppings or so, I went with their Green Beef, Carne Asada, and Fish. The key attribute about their Tacos is their enormous size. As I was picking my order up, I seriously thought I was carrying back THREE burritos! I was overwhelmed with each taco as they were HEAVILY packed with chilled, diced cabbage and tomatoes. It was a one-to-three ratio of meat to vegetables, which explains the size and weight, right? They packed a fork and knife but I ate it true street style via hand. My eating experience was just a complete mess, literally. The abnormally massive size could not compensate for the quality. The shredded Green Beef was a little dry with simple Mexican flavors. I was hoping the Carne Asada would save the day, but still fell short. The tortilla was nothing special. It had a generic store taste to it than of an authentic hand made. I cannot review the Fish right now, as I took it back with me on the road. I was too full from the bland, uncreative flavors that one would have expected otherwise.
5	Was not expecting much but WOW, great tacos and a great price!!!!!
5	Torta is amazing! Quaint location that you'd miss if you weren't looking. I used to drive past it all the time and didn't know it was there until I was looking up places to east on Yelp! Really fresh ingredients! Wish they weren't out of the blood orange lemonade, but the acai lemonade was really good too!
1	A cup of Ice for $3! Are you Kiddin' me?Three tacos for $5 is a good deal!A can of Soda for $1 not a bad deal...But when you order the lemonade for $3, it's 95% crushed ice & comes with a cute little umbrella in the straw, well this part is a "rip off!""Seriously! "I usually order differnt Tacos & they are good! All the ingredients are fresh...The  fish, carne asada and chicken are my favorites.  The green and red salsas are tasty. Also freshly madeIf I didn't feel so ripped off on the lemonade, & I've made this mistake several times, I would give this place Five Stars!
5	My favorite thing about all of the Two Hippies restaurants is the lemonades. They are so fantastic. I love the beach house specifically because I love that I can sit outside on the eclectic deck and eat my tasty beach food. I love the chicken quesadillas here, I could probably eat about six of them in one sitting, just because they taste so darn good. The staff is awesome and funny. My advice, though: Do not come to this specific location on a school day around 3:00. All of the Xavier students are just getting out of school and SWAMP this place. It's already extremely crammed in the front of the building. Do not put yourself in a crammed building with 25 15-year old school girls... it is extremely hard to move.
3	it looked really interesting when i saw it, and the place we decided to go eat on a sunday was closed, so we went to try Beach house because it was right down the road. Upon getting there the place is really confusing, so after walking around it, we found the place to order, on the West side of the building.I got their chipotle pork burro special. It was huge but the majority of it was veggies and rice, i felt jacked. there was a real chipotle chili inside the burro so that was really coolthe peach lemonade was delicious with lemon twists in it at as well. I'd come back but it isn't the best of mexican food i've had.
3	This places goes a good job in terms of appearance; a colorful memorable place in the middle of a desert city.  It really stands out on Camelback as a unique tourist stop and I've always wanted to stop by.Well, many visits later and with many other people. I really like coming here for the food and convenience of easy entrance and exit. I order the same tacos all the time.  Although my food choise is very limited, it does taste consistent. The tacos are a bit on the salty side. The ingredients used are natural and a cabbage tasted like a cabbage; doesn't have any of those voodoo science chemicals or extenders or enhancers, like at those corporate chain places.... Each 2 Hippie Place in Phoenix seems to have it's own theme of in terms of menu focus; this place being Tacos and Mexican food and a very low price...This place's food offering does meet my expectation. A low key, relax place to enjoy your food. The product design of the place says it's ok to have food that is not the most spectacular. A salty taco is not a disappointment to me at a place like this, although it will be at a place like Ticos....I like the fact that they have a very focused menu selection which I think is a strength for a business(like INNOut). If I wanted hamburgers, I can go their other "Hippy" spot a block way. But I like to see the place surprise me by possible making some improvements on their focused menu by refining their food taste. The place looks more slightly attractive than the food...Form over Function...
5	This is my favorite place for tacos in Phoenix, and now that I've moved away, I really, really miss it!For just $5 you can get 3 tacos of your choice -- tasty and filling!  My husband can eat all 3, but I barely make it through 2.  The best part is that they use cabbage instead of lettuce, so it makes the whole taco less soggy and more crunchy (though it's made on a soft tortilla).The ONLY downside is that they accept cash only (but they do have an ATM machine inside).I'm a casual girl from the NW, so if you're looking for a casual locale, cheap but good tacos, homemade smoothies, and a beer, head over to Two Hippies.  Best in town!
4	I went here with a friend for some food to go and had a good experience. I got the pork torta and my friend got 3 tacos, one chicken, one fish, and one steak. My torta was okay, the pork seemed extremely salty though, i wouldn't order it again. My friend who got the tacos was more than pleased and stoked that they were baja style. He only ate 2 and i ate the steak one the next day which was still super delicious!
3	Solid joint. Grabbed some green pork tacos for lunch and I was pretty happy with both the quality and portions. The preparation is simple and fresh, not overloaded with crap like some other taco joints. Ask for the green tomatillo salsa, its very good and went great with the green pork. My friends got burritos which were huge and a few other items which all followed suit in terms of quality and size. I will definitely head back for lunch.  Cash only but they do have an ATM inside if you forget
2	I had to check out the place since it looked like a classic taco shack you'd find in Mexico.  Fish taco was no good, cactus taco was decent, pinto bean taco, meh.  Salsa could have changed the game, but it was blah as well.  I'd give it 4 for ambiance, but wouldn't go back.
2	Just ate there at the suggestion of a local since I'm from out of town...it was very tasty, super cute atmosphere even in ridiculous heat. BUT!! Even though the taste was there (at least for the price) I had a hard time getting over 1) the hair in my cactus taco and 2) the fingernail in my fish taco. So..two strikes, so two stars.
4	Amazing prices, and the tacos taste so delicious and fresh! You eat outdoors so in the summer time it's pretty hot, but the food comes out quickly. Great place to take visitors or someone on a tight budget.
4	What a deal! Quick, not greasy, tastes fresh, huge portions, and guess what......CHEAP! The pork burrito is exceptional. Oh yeah, did I mention that it's cheap!
4	Jumped out of dead stop traffic on a whim. A lot of thought went into the decor both inside and out. I'm certain it helps for walk in traffic. Nice guy at the counter was friendly and talked up the food in a non-salesman like way. Normally I shy away from Carne Asade unless I know the place, but this cat talked me into it. The green Chile Carne Asade is not to be missed. Obvious marinated in Chile's, not dressed in them after the fact.  Well done I say! Got 3 huge tacos for $5 and 2 waters for a buck a piece. Great deal/ good ambiance/ friendly knowledge staff. If you're in the neighborhood check it out.
5	Now a days you would be hard pressed to find a decent meal for $5 that was actually edible. While fast food joints continue to feed the nation processed garbage Two Hippies stands out from the crowd with their large portions, organic veggies, and fresh natural meats. On top of that, the staff has been nothing but helpful, friendly and really makes you feel like family. Brandon actually takes the time to make sure my tacos are made correctly on a daily basis. If it is Monday through Friday, you can usually catch me here. Also as far as vegetarian options go, the black bean taco or burrito with rice is probably my favorite. The daily specials are a hit as well.Can't lose with Two Hippies! Much love guys! Tony
5	I've wanted to try this place for awhile so I was excited to finally have the chance. The building is really cool with a ton to look at - old plates, signs, stickers, etc. There's mostly outdoor seating so this wouldn't be the best place to go to on a really hot or rainy day, but today was perfect for it. The two guys working were really nice and helpful, which is always a plus.The menu is pretty basic - several types of tacos and burritos but nothing too crazy or complicated. I got the three taco plate - three tacos with cilantro, onion, tomatoes, beans, rice, cheese on a flour tortilla with your choice of meat - for a mere $5. I was expecting them to be small or flimsy at that price but I could only finish two! Well, after my "magic brownie", that is - which was awesome and baked locally. They were LOADED with toppings and meat. The meat was very juicy, the toppings fresh and the tacos come individually wrapped in foil with a slice of lime and a side of a mild salsa. Three delicious carne asada tacos, two fish tacos for the mom, a brownie and a bottle of water for less than $15? I will definitely be back!P.S. Remember, CASH ONLY!
5	I was asked to go here for lunch about 4 years ago by a co-worker.  I was sorta skeptical from the get go as I can be a little picky when it comes to latino/mexican cuisine.  My initial reaction when I ordered a burrito was...pretty good.   The really awesome part was the decor and really super friendly staff.  They really seemed genuine to thank you for your businessThe second time I went I ordered thier fish tacos (minus the onion).  OMG!  Wow.  Almost perfectly made tacos.  Nice Chunky pieces of fish, and the lime is the extra mwah for these!.  The sauce that's included is in perfect proportion, although I must say some days are better than others (too much vs too little)Now that I'm a fan...Fish Taco Friday at my work place with Two Hippies is the way to go!
1	Gross. The carne asada tasted like dog food, and I think my fish was bad. I will never eat here again. (Sorry to the nice guy working behind the counter, I  in no way blame you :)
5	I am a wee bit obsessed with here. Ive only eaten one thing and it's the fish taco. I eat one bc one is enough. One time I came very late right before closing and some of the rice was hard and I almost threw up but I still like this place.
3	I've been here numerous times, always for their hot dogs. Their hotdogs are great! Very unique combinations. I love the #4, 7 and 10.If you have your work badge on when you order, you get a free drink.Had I only ever had their hotdogs, this would be a 5 star review.However the past two times I went, I had Mexican food. A week ago I ordered the chicken quesadilla and most recently I ordered the carne asada burro.The chicken was well cooked, tender and moist, but it had obviously been boiled in water. Just water. Nothing else. No seasonings. And there was so much chicken (normally not a complaint) that I couldn't taste the cheese.The last visit was just a mess all around. My friend ordered the chicken burro and a large side of guacamole. The order comes out as usual, in a paper bag. Within a few seconds, we found that during the 10 ft walk to bring it out to us, two of the salsa contairs had opened and spilled everywhere. So everything had a coating of salsa on it. What a mess. But again, nothing was seasoned!! Neither the chicken or carne asada had any flavor to it. The guacamole was just mashed up avocado. No salt or pepper even! Big disappointment!Hotdogs - 5 starsMexican Food - 1 star
1	Well, I was gonna write a review of this DUMP but then I saw Aaron A's review and think it'd be better just to re-post his horrible review!!!  (how's that for a first line of a review, Aaron A?)"... I would not step back in this place for a taco.  Fatty pork is fine, if its cooked nicely, but this was not. Green beef was ok, as long as I piled the pretty good tomatillo salsa over it.  The fish...let's leave it at ugh.  If this is their specialty, it's over already.  (no more lines waiting, I see that much...)"This is Sunnyslope, and with the authentic delicious taco and burrito choices around here, this place is only competing with the tacos across the street at Jack in the Box, and I would probably eat those before I'd touch another one of these, it was that bad for me."SORRY HIPPIES.  THIS WASN'T GOOD.  IF YOU ARE GOING TO COME INTO A MEXICAN PART OF TOWN YOU'D BETTER BRING THE MEAT TO COMPETE.  YOU ARE FAR OUTCLASSED IN TACOLAND."  (Bold mine)"So, after some thought I decided rather than just pan the place, I'm giving suggestions:  1. use a paper or wax paper between the aluminum and taco, or you have a mess.2. do something with that too cold cabbage/cheese/tomato3.  grill the fish and don't smother it / chop it up.  make sure its fresh.4.  get a better cut of pork, go organic (maybe it is), season it better5.  keep the happy people in front, they were nice6.  don't blend your lemonade with ice, it was awful and too sweet7.  quit buying your chips at Costco, those round ones suck8.  do something with the guacamole, it was ok just being avocado and lime, but it was pureed.  keep it chunky.9.  get more input from your mexican chefs, they probably know what is wrong10. Both the red and green salsas were good, just need a taco to go with it"------------BE SURE TO LOOK FOR ALL THE FLIES THEY HAVE IN THE KITCHEN DURING THE SUMMER MONTHS.  Ugh.HORRIBLE FOOD.
5	I am actually writing a review for Two Hippies Magical Mushroom burgers...Yelp says it is closed..... it has reopened... with the original owners... I ate there on Saturday for the first time.... the food was fantastic... the service wonderful... the owner took great care of us..... the burgers and tater tots were delicious... i will return... i hope Yelp figures out it has reopened because you don't want to miss eating there....$6 for a burger, tater tots and drink... they have yummy toppings to choose from.... everything is fresh and piping hot... and they take credit cards...guess i will try this place next if it is as good as the burger place!
1	My friend always wanted to try this Two Hippies. It was horrible. We did not get what we ordered, not sure what it was but we know what it wasn't. We ordered the special tea and when the guy brought it to us he said " we ran out", it was more expensive that the regular tea and we were not offered any kind of refund. Waste of time and money.
4	Three mega tacos for five dollars cash.  Yes.  Get the fish...3 times.
5	Great food, great atmosphere, excellent service, and amazing prices -- what more could you ask for? You don't just dine at Two Hippies Beach House, you experience it. What are you waiting for..? Get to it, and while you're there, try out one of their delicious hot dogs or tacos, which are second to none!
4	When some co-workers suggested going to a place called Two Hippies, I wasn't sure what to expect. It sounded fun, so I accepted. I was trying to eat locally after all.As soon as we pulled up, I noticed the funky decor. I LOVED it!! There was also a large outdoor seating area. You order inside (there was barely room for three of us to be inside at once), and then they brown bag your order and write your name on it. Tacos are $3/ea. or 3 for $6. I opted for 3 tacos. I was expecting standard street tacos, but I got so much more. My carne asada tacos came with the standard onion and cilantro, but also had rice, beans, cheese, and cabbage. I wasn't a fan of the cabbage, but the tacos were delicious otherwise.Canned sodas are $1.
2	I would love to love this place, support my local economy and all that Jazz but I just can't. The staff is always extremely friendly and I love the beach shack in the middle of Phoenix. Problem is, the food just isn't very good. The only thing more bland than the carne asada is the chicken. I've had mexican food in Minnesota and I'm pretty sure it had more character than this local gem. Sorry Two Hippies, you have a solid concept going but your menu needs a serious overhaul.
1	Ok I swear I tried to like this place first it took 25 min to get my three tacos and nachos then my nachos where soggy. The carne was dry and not flavorful, I then tried the fish Taco it tasted like cat food. I didn't eat a forth of my meal I lost my appetite.
3	3 tacos for $6 is a great deal considering how big the tacos were! They were not my most favorite tacos but definitely worth the occasional stop bye.
4	In my last review I mentioned the taco plate was $5, it's actually $6 - either I got it wrong or they raised the price a dollar since January. I still recommend it as they are pretty loaded with fresh ingredients and really good tortillas. I usually get one carne, one chicken and one pork - but the chicken is my favourite as the chunks of meat are HUGE and cooked to perfection. It's sure to fill you up.One note: avoid the frozen lemonade. I was expecting a generous sized fresh lemonade slushy with a lot of flavour (I ordered blueberry) but what I got was a 24oz paper cup with Minute Maid lemonade, too much ice and hardly any extra flavour. Definitely not worth $3.Minus one star from my last review for the pricing. "Outrageously" yummy but also some things are outrageously priced. You'd think that accepting cash only and charging no tax would also keep the cost down.
3	I tried the 3 tacos for $6 deal and ordered a soda in the can.  Ordering was easy enough and I got my food pretty fast out the back window.  I might not have known about the rear delivery system if I had not already wondered by it earlier.I received my tacos, but my soda was missing when they called my name.  I mentioned it to very friendly lady that delivered my food and she promptly got it for me.I ordered a green meat, a red meat and a chicken taco.  All three tacos came individually wrapped in foil and came in a brown paper bag.  It also came with both green and red sauces.  All three came with soft flour tortilla wrappings. I am not a fan of flour tortillas for tacos because I usually prefer the street style with corn tortillas.  The tables also had El Pato Sauce and another hot sauce for your pleasure, although I am not sure they keep them refrigerated?The flavor, temperature, and the taste of the meat tacos were fine.  I was surprised to find beans in all 3 tacos, but they added nice texture and flavor.The green and red meat tacos were pretty good, but did not stand out as something that I would crave on a Saturday night after a few brews.  The chicken taco had huge cubes of white chicken meat.  The chicken drowned out the other flavors in the taco (actually too much chicken).Overall, a pretty cool eclectic place that I would try again.
3	So this place, Is a local fav for us. This shack goes through its spurt of being good and average but to be honest through our venture with this business we have never had an awful experience with the staff or the food, AND the price is soo affordable. You should go! Taco TUES IS pry the best day to go, for some reason I feel like in the winter this business puts its best self forward if you know what I mean. -BYOB-Yes, actually.
3	Three taco's for $6, and that's the every day price. ;-)I've had Two Hippies Beach House about three times now and there's just something about them that doesn't quite sit right. I want to love them for the $6 / three tacos meal, but my GI system seems to say otherwise. I've had different combinations of tacos here with varying success, and since I'm no masochistic I must gracefully withdraw my name from ballot for "Duke of the Beach House." - no write in's, please.Maybe it's the enourmose portions per taco, or perhaps the combination of spices used when cooking the beef. Maybe it was the rice, or extra sliced jalepenos I always ask for. Either way, the food had a good taste, and a great price, but just doesn't agree with my sensitive 'personality'; I guess. :-/Alas, I live to fight the good (food) fight in this ever lasting battle.Happy Yelping Phoenix.
3	We stopped in on a Friday night. Ordered 2 chicken tacos and nachos to split. The chicken tacos are big and tasty, the only thing is the chicken doesn't seem to be seasoned at all. Plus it was a little dry.The nachos were pretty good, again the chicken was flavorless and dry but the cheese made up for it, they were yummy.
4	I am a big fan of their Taco special - 3 for 6 bucks. Initially I was disappointed the first time I came here because they did not have fried tacos. I tried the chicken tacos and they were huge and I got full on one taco. Took two home and fried them in a pan later that night to reheat them. Fresh they are great, fried at home for left overs they ROCK!  Fun decor and a real laid back atmosphere. I am just here for the winter so it was very comfy, in the summer it has to be hell as most their seating is outside. Don't miss this one, you cant cook this cheap! Great eats and very friendly staff.
1	So much hype for such terrible results. Tacos were incredibly soggy, they had a lot of mismatched sauces that didn't compliment anything, and all of their meat is flavorless. Three tacos for 6 bucks is a deal, but I would rather go to Tacobell and get something crunchy and at least seasoned appropriately for the money. Not a lot of vegetarian options unless you like eating straight up cheese. Seriously, I would never go back.
5	My boyfriend and I have been wanting to check out a  Two Hippies joint for quite some time, but it's usually after we just ate somewhere else. Today, we were out running errands and got hungry so decided to come here. I'm glad we did!I had the pesto-mayo/feta/etc hot dog. It was delicious, and they put two dogs in a bun, so it's a ton of food. I've been jonesing for a good hot dog ever since Maui Dog closed, and this will probably be a good replacement for it! They throw in a little bag of chips too, I got regular Sun Chips, but my boyfriend stole them from me.I also had a frozen lemonade, with passionfruit. First taste and it reminded me of another thing I miss dearly, Fruitopia!My boyfriend had just a plain hot dog. He got ketchup and mustard for it too. He enjoyed it, but I think he secretly liked my dog better. He got FunYuns as his chip choice, but regretted it so I ended up eating them.All in all, $10 spent on a good amount of food.You can BYOB there too, which is awesome. I think next time we go we'll be bringing some kind of drank. :)
2	I have to agree with a number of other Yelpers who have commented that the food is rather lackluster at Two Hippies.The restaurant itself is very cool...stepping inside to order and waiting on the side porch and or back porch for your food is for a moment like being transported to Venice Beach or Mission Beach in Cali.But alas visions of California soon recede (and you snap back to the the fact that...damn...I am still in Phoenix) once you eat the food here. The portions for the taco's and burros are large but oh so bland.I had to drench a vegetarian burro I ordered with green sauce to get any flavor and even then it was still a bland meal.There are much better taco and burrito shops in downtown Phoenix  (La Condesa Taco Shop is best I have been at in Phoenix so far...have to do a review soon) so look around and don't get sucked into Two Hippies just for the scenery.
4	Delicious cheap food. It is a "take-it-to-go" place so plan accordingly. The food is remarkably filling as well.
4	There used to be a time when I would have given Two Hippies five stars, but their prices have gone up and quality has gone down (only slightly) since then.I am still enamored with their carne asada and cactus tacos, as well as with their ginormous tortas. For the minimal price and speedy service, it is a huge step up on the scale of "Mexican Fast Food." (I'm writing this review with the thoughts that Two Hippies can be judged alongside Taco Bell, Berto's and Del Taco as a more-or-less Americanized fast-food taco joint.)If you understand portion sizing, the portions are perfect. A torta could easily be split between two people (at least, two young women who aren't voraciously hungry. Men, you could probably get your own and finish it.) Two tacos with your choice of main filling plus cabbage, beans and rice is enough to fill you up pretty well. You can tell the ingredients are fresh and high quality. The cabbage is crunchy, the hot sauce has a nice kick, and the beans are seasoned perfectly.If you're looking for a sweet treat to go with your tacos or torta, take a sip of the prickly pear lemonade that they offer, or buy one of their "special brownies."
4	waiting on my oil change, i stopped by here mainly because the place looks pretty damn cool. it's like a little ramshackle shed, with lots of shaded seating areas in the back. you order at the counter and then pick up in the back. i ordered 3 fish tacos to go and they were ready in less than 10 minutes. and they were only 6 bucks! how cheap!but they weren't the street taco size...pretty much standard size! and they were loaded with cheese, beans, cabbage, and fish. i was so impressed, i ate all three by myself!   a definite plus and i'm sad they had to close their shop down scottsdale road closer to us. the grateful dead would probably eat here everyday!
5	This place is so amazing, thier tacos are out of this world. my favorite is the fish and cactus taco, they do not have it on the menu, but fish and cactus are and they happily conjoin them. Thier fish is SO fresh, that if it was any fresher you would slap them.
3	this is one of my favorite taco places. they have raised the price a little bit and reduced the size..which sucks. I always leave happy although my last visit I tried a crab taco that simply just didn't agree with me but my chicken and fish tacos...always delicious.
5	The fish tacos are out of control, truly outrageous. The only thing lacking here is beer but you can bring your own if you choose.
4	I finally had the chance to eat here the other day and it was rad. I got a black bean burrito and it was so big I had to eat some of the filling before I could even pick it up. That is my kind of burrito! All of the ingredients seemed to be pretty fresh and tasted excellent. When you need lunch on the go, this place is perfect.
4	I really dig this place. A nice little gem in the mix of all of these low quality spots in Phoenix. I'm not a fan of buffets for obvious reasons and don't like supporting franchised businesses. The Pros:1.  Great food in general. They don't over season their food to mask good flavors. Really nice balance and a nice touch by using cabbage instead of iceberg lettuce. By the way, lettuce has no nutritional value at all. It's a cheap filler used to rip off customers. Cabbage is full of great nutrition and eventually full of farts if you eat too much of it. The burritos are monstrous. I would eat half and then save it for later on in the day. Really great price for good food.3.  Unique daily specials. It's worth coming back each day to check what they've dreamed up. The daily drinks are flavored with Monin, which is a simple syrup flavoring. So good.2.  Very friendly staff who keep it simple. Order your food, they write it down on a paper bag, you get your food from the window in the back seating area. There's a good amount of parking as well. If an order isn't up to par just let them know and they'll fix it for you.4.  I love the decor of this place. It oozes the laid-back vibe of a taco stand. You have no choice but to eat outside in the fresh air instead of inside of a stale place.
5	Hey come on its a beach taco shop. stick with the chicken, beef or pork tacos.great price decent serving size. You can have it with the cabbage, beans and rice inside the taco or leave it out. Its a quick bite to eat. its not a biog date night here. i stop in every now and then mostly at lunch when i don't have a lot of time or $$ and i just need a quick bite to hold me over till supper.
5	The food here is awesome. So are the prices.Chad whom I see working there quite often is a pleasure to speak with and gets our food out quick!And who can forget the decor!? Quite busy and gaudy but in a very appealing, hippie-type manner.Eat at Two Hippies!
5	Go 2 hippies! Love the chicken quesadilla, well cooked and I will be back next weekend, while waiting for my child to finish piano lesson? Hungry  for healthy....and great taste ...2 hippies, sssssooooooo worth it
4	Love this place. Love the guy, he is super friendly and love the food (for what it costs .. 3 huge tacos for $6 even, including tax). Yes, the chicken could be a little spicier or red or something but it's not bad at all. Tacos come with your favorite meat, beans, onions, chopped cabbage and tomato and melted cheddar cheese. Tacos come (VERY IMPORTANT) individually wrapped in a piece of foil with a (very important too) a fresh and green (not old and brown) wedge of lime. I like each taco wrapped individually in a piece of foil because otherwise they will get very messy and wet like those tacos at Chipotle restaurant, I love them but I hate the wet messy tacos Chipotle has).Any way, tacos come inside a paper brown bag packed with two different salsas on the side (red and green). This place has a fabulous outdoor and sadly dusty patio where you can eat your tacos. Imagining yourself sitting in some place in Puerto Vallarta with an ocean view, except, of course, the view here is Camelback Rd. They also have dozens of magazines for you to read while waiting/eating your food. I should also point out those magazines are current and not from 1985. I sat next to a Architectural Digest magazine and it's the same issue currently sold at the store right now. The only downside of this place is that they do not offer fountain drinks. You must buy a 12oz can of soda or beer. If you are a pro like me, you stop at QuikTrip or McDonalds first to buy a large size soda before coming to this place.You can also follow me on twitter @RexCota :)
3	First time here. Lube the hippy vibe. Ordered 3 Travis, one carne, chicken and one fish. Carne rocks, fish was gross way fishy and still undecided on the chicken. Big tacos, comes with beans, cabbage, rice and cheese. I skippted the cheese.Eating as I write. ..the chicken doesn't have much flavor. Three green sauce helps however. The ingredients are definitely fresh and the tortilla is very fresh, fluffy and beautiful.
1	Went to this place with my kids cause we thought it looked cool, tried it. It was horrible.  Tacos look like dog meat or some sorta dog food, not carne asada, and the chicken in my torta was some sort of canned chicken,  almost mistaked it for tuna cause of the almost similar smell and texture.  I'm really big at eating/shopping at small and local business and restaurants cause that's where you always get the good stuff, but gotta tell yeah I was really disappointed when I came to this place. 16 bucks for 3 tacos that went in the trash and a torta along with a mediocre hot dog and drinks. Never coming back here again. My fingers still smell like the meat in the torta.
5	First time - and will not be our last!!!!  Great fun vibe - felt like I was on vacation!  The food was fantastic and the service was great as well.  I understand its under new ownership - I hadn't been here before but the tacos I had were fresh, the homemade chips were perfect - overall great, casual, fun place to grab a quick bite to eat!
4	Green chile beef burrito and passion fruit lemonade...all yummy and burrito is huge. I usually don't like ordering beef but it was tender and no no fatty parts. It all ended up in mah belly :)Cute place with of course a hippie vibe random art and posters and outdoor seating
5	Greatest kept secret on Camelback!  Love this place...the owners and employees are always so courteous. Food is great and feel like I am back in SoCal!
5	This is my first review here on Yelp and I'm so happy that it's about this place! My roommate and I just moved out here from San Francisco about 2 months ago. Within the first week we went exploring to find some good places to go and eat or hang out. While we drove by we saw the amazing decor of this place and instantly fell in love! The owner John and his wife have only owned it for about a month now and it seems like it's been years for them. They just flow so smoothly with the customers and really make you feel special. The food is out of this world! I try to try all the different things on the menu but my heart is set on the rice bowl with cactus In it... Cactus!!!!!  Not to mention they have Lavender lemonade that's to die for!! I truly love this place and my roommate and I eat here once a week! It's a good little treat for us.  If you don't go here at least once, then you're missing out.
5	Great place with lots of character! The new owner has really made some positive changes to this classic venue.
5	Only been here once but man was it delicious, definitely coming back. Must try the red beef burrito, tastes like birria/barbacoa with rice and cabbage, can't remember what else is in it but it was amazing! Pair it with a lemonade yum!
5	I love this place. It's everything I look for when searching for local food joint. It's a little hole in the wall place with phenomenal food. The place gives off a great vibe with  all the random artwork and cool posters hanging around. The staff/owners are great people with a great taste in food. I was recommended their shrimp tacos; I tried them and I am in love. But their homemade green chili tacos are to die for. Great place, great people, and amazing food!!!
3	In my opinion, this is not the place for Fish Tacos. My order lacked taste, and condiments. Atmosphere is down to earth but because they don't have indoor seating I probably would not visit this joint in the summer.
5	Shrimp tacos blew me away. Efficient friendly service....looking forward to another Friday opportunity.
5	I'm new to area and saw this place driving by one day, so I stopped. The owners were working and walked me through their menu. I had the green chili beef burrito. It was HUGE and delicious! I see a lot of reviews from the past saying they don't accept credit cards but they now accept credit cards! Stop by and check them out!
4	Another great Two Hippies concept!  We stopped by a few weeks ago to grab a quick dinner and loved it.  My hubby had the rice bowl and I had the fish tacos...delicious!  I also enjoyed an icy pineapple lemonade...so delicious and refreshing on a hot day (comes with a free refill too - bonus!).  The staff was so super friendly and welcoming to our dog who joined us on the patio.
5	I am really impressed by this small place with great flavor. Cool vibe and genuinely friendly folks working.  I got 3 tacos chicken, red beef and fried fish to-go - it gets a bit toasty in Phoenix this time of year. Food was  flavorful, fresh and delicious. It was my first real 5 star to-go experience. Highly recommended.
4	YUM! Went here with my sister and papa right before I caught a flight because my sister said these tacos were to die for. She absolutely loves the cactus taco. I stuck with chicken tacos and they were flavorful and light. I appreciate the use of cabbage instead of lettuce, it added a nice flavor. I tend to enjoy Mexican sauces and dripping from my taco (so much flavor!), but this was a pleasant change.
5	The owners are super friendly. I love atmosphere and the sandiego feel to it. Great fish and good prices
5	Grilled, not baked, to order =  Divine fish tacos doused with Chippolte sauce that kicks !New owners, Kalen & John have totally improved the brownies too.  They are moist and chocolate endowed.
5	Great place for Indie fish tacos and burritos. This joint has fantastic food and great service.  It is nice to support "non chain" restaurants making a go of it. We had the green chilie pork and the red chilie beef burritos. The chips are home made and the salsa superb. The service was outstanding. We were very happy and will return soon.
5	This place has some bomb fish tacos! Not to mention everything is fresh and the staff is friendly and really cool. Nice lil dive place right on the corner.really has a Cali feel to it also.
4	$2 fish tacos are incredible.
5	I am new to the area seen this place and had to try. The fish tacos were awesome, the huckleberry lemonade delicious , the staff very friendly:)
5	Great local shop. I had the bacon cheddar burger which was delicious. Staff were super friendly and brought the food out. Great prices, lots of thick cut fries with the burger. They took credit cards and our orders were prepared in good time even though they are were busy.
5	Love love love this place! Great food and great customer service, in a super fun atmosphere. My boyfriend and I go often and have never been disappointed.
5	This is one of my favorite lunch spots. Their specials are always delicious and I don't really have to think more than just asking for the special.  Reasonable prices and totally solid personal.  Repeat as necessary for your burrito needs.
4	Yum!!I love running to this place for lunch. Two Hippies Beach House is one of many treasures unique to Central Phoenix. This restaurant is easy to miss as you drive by on Camelback but you will never forget how lovely the atmosphere is once you stop in. The place is very well decorated in a unique fashion that supports the theme of the restaurant. The prices are cheap and the food is great! This place really can make a mean quesadilla. I love the quesadillas here because they offer a wide variety of toppings and meats. My favorite topping is the cabbage. Cabbage on a quesadilla?!?! Yep! It's fantastic! You gotta try it.Two Hippies is a must!
5	I have been passing this place for many years and stopped in today as I was on a taco kick.  I had 3 taco's to go, which were delicious! I loved the choices of filling, and to go packaging.  I will return because of the quality, price and friendliness shown me.  Want to try the buffalo chicken burrito next!
5	What a wonderful place. I ordered a pork taco, a green beef taco and a fried fish taco. Everything was wonderful. The fish was crispy and tender in the outside, the pool and beef were beautifully seasoned and the volcano salsa was spicy but flavorful. Hands down some of the best tacos I have ever had!
