4	Only mcdonalds i have been to that has spicy chicken sandwich for 99cents. amazing even though Mcdonalds in general is a 1 star place i loved spicy chicken sandwich. Must be high concentration of mexicans that they feel need to spice everything up or that is at least my brother who lives in Scotsdale says. He is puerto rican and asked if he is asked if he is mexican daily lol gotta love arizona. I would totally take my girl here for a romantic and intimate dinner of spicy chicken sandwiches
2	The fries were solid as usually, but I thought that my mcnuggets tasted a little off and underdone.  They weren't as crispy as they should've been.
3	I've come here several times for lunch and it's never busy.  I like it because it's clean, has plenty of seats, and the employees are nice.  I rarely dine inside of a McDonald's, but every once in a while, I will get a Big Mac Attack and come inside to take care of it.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mcdonalds-scottsdale-8?select=4qc_FPKhJYUNJ6yTJmc0xQ#4qc_FPKhJYUNJ6yTJmc0xQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mcdonalds-scottsdale-8?select=GTHNeWe4bo06DkZtEg6Sfg#GTHNeWe4bo06DkZtEg6SfgI've also tried their new Angus Bacon Burger.  It's not bad.  The Bacon is the super thin kind, which I don't really care for, but the Beef is better than their regular Burgers.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mcdonalds-scottsdale-8?select=XTgR8kBOQSGBsQ0b0HtR8w#XTgR8kBOQSGBsQ0b0HtR8wOverall, this location is OK for a Mickey D's.Return Factor - 50%
3	Fairly decent location.Weird setup but I guess that's just the way they do things these days.  Compact front of the house where you place your order.  It's like the soda fountains are right behind you.  If you get out of line and there's someone behind you waiting to order you will probably have to excuse yourelf to gain access to the soda fountain.The dining area didn't seem very big, in fact it almost seemed to be drawfed by the childrens play area.Why?!
1	I just grabbed two burgers and a fry to go. I got home .3 miles away and my fry's were limp and room temp and the buns look like they are at least a month old to the point that I lost my appetite and  tossed them in the garbage.
3	Okay, so lately, I've been eating McDonald's more than I should (for breakfast).This one is the closest one to my house and it's just fine. I mostly go through the drive-thru, and they're pretty quick with orders. When I do go inside it seems clean. The workers all/mostly seem competent enough. Honestly, I remember this McDonald's used to have the most incompetent workers some years ago. Like, to the point where I'd avoid coming here, even when I wanted McDonald's (who does that?). Glad to see things have improved...
4	Nice for a McDonald's - I enjoy that they have some cushy chairs!
3	Stopped here multiple times while moving furniture. Cold drink, $1. Don't have to get out of car. No one begged for money in the drive thru line. A perfect execution of beverage.
5	Milkshake! need I say more?
2	My personal experience is highly inconsistant and not at the same level as nearby locations in service and cleanliness. If you have been to a place 100 times you would think you might be recognized. In addition to bathroom and restaurant the parking lot can also be poorly maintained. With two nicer close by locationsI have not been back in a few months but drive by daily.
