5	We have a preference for B&B, likely because I've worked for one in the past and understand that a good B&B can be better than even a five star hotel.  Luckily, we found this place online.  After reading up some reviews and the fact that they have won the best B&B award in Montreal, we were pretty confident it will be a good stay.  I must admit I was a bit worried when the cab drove up to the place.  The neighborhood just didn't feel like anywhere for tourist.  We were in for a pleasant surprise - it is conveniently located in an eclectic neighborhood and is walking distance to the lively Sainte-Catherine Street.The building was built in 1870 and has been beautifully restored.  The red brick exterior adds so much charm to this wonderful place and the wood interior is so warm and inviting.  The host, Alain, is the friendliest host who is always willing and ready to help and provide assistance, from recommendation to reservation.  His recommendation to a nearby bistro was perfect.  The daily breakfast he prepare is out of this world - it's beautifully presented and unbelivably tasty, even the simple ones.  The dining room is nicely spaced with soft classical music playing.  Daily newspaper is available.  Upstairs has a common area with sofa, table, refrigerator, board games and glasses, as well as a desk with a computer with internet access and telephone.  It's a small B&B with only 5 rooms.  We booked the King with a private shower/bath.  The room was spacious and nicely decorated.  The balcony is nice but it was too cold to leave it open for too long.  Everything was just wonderful and we felt very pampered.  After just a couple days, we felt like this was home away from home.  Being in a residential neighborhood really does give you a better sense of how the locals live.  Oh, there's a convenient store just kitty corner from it where we went to a couple times to buy munchies, drinks and whatnot.We can't praise this place enough and will definitely stay here again when we return to Montreal.  On top of everything else, this place is very inexpensive - well below the value, a true hidden gem.
5	We stayed in the Alexandre Logan in April of 2009 and my partner and I were completely enchanted. It's small--only 5 rooms.  We stayed in Room 3 (pictures of all rooms on the website) which has a clawfoot tub and sink in the bedroom, a little water closet, and a small sitting room where you can watch TV and relax.  The whole building is historic and in amazing condition.  Simply beautiful.Our host was amazing.  He gave us great information and tips about where to eat and what to do.  And he made incredible breakfasts for us--including gluten-free options for my partner.The B&B is just blocks away from St. Catherine street, and in particular the section of that street with lots of gay bars.  The location is also great because although it's in the middle of a residential area (quiet), you're only minutes away from restaurants and bars (fun). The B&B is very gay-friendly, as is Montreal in general.  We would love to go back in the summer when there is a lot more going on in the way of festivals and street fairs.  When we do go back, we'll most definitely stay at the Alexandre Logan.BTW: Some reviewers on other websites complain about their strict "rules" such as taking shoes off at the entrance.  This little detail only made it feel even more like a home and it's obvious that the owners care about making it as clean, comfortable, and inviting for everyone.
5	You know how publicity photos for anything from B&B's to breakfast cereal tend to be a little misleading? Soft lighting, fish-eye lenses, glue for milk - all tricks of the trade to exaggerate the natural beauty and mask the minor imperfections.Alexandre Logan does none of this. It's exactly as promised, and what's promised is stunning.Immaculate, spacious and with all the amenities of home, Alain's pride and joy served us well for three incredible days. Room 1 is picturesque, with a private bathroom, close proximity to the exit for late night sneaking in/out, and large windows with plenty of natural light. And did I mention the breakfast? Gourmet egg sandwiches with fruit and a bacon-zucchini casserole (Proof! http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/x9zNL2e4ZsVBkD5AY3EjFA?select=oK6OGz_-WbdjxIuot8e15Q)Don't be fooled by Alexandre Logan's location, being only blocks away from an always jamming Rue St. Catherine and surrounded by nondescript house fronts and corner stores. It's quiet, only hosting five rooms (typically full, no matter what days you're there) and offers a small patio for reading, laptopping or (to her chagrin) spider photography.If you're visiting Montreal, stay here. You can Bixi anywhere and still feel like you're pulling away when you want to crash. Or maybe you should wait for your second trip - it'll be hard to drag yourself out of the room.
5	I'm from DC and I traveled up to Ottawa last May to visit family, and my aunt and I took a side trip to Montreal for 3 days. We found this little place a couple days before we got there. When we arrived, the owner of the b&b had saved us a parking spot, so we did not have to search around. He had our keys waiting for us, along with a map of the city. He then showed us on the map some places he thought we would enjoy seeing. The room was pristine, we had our own little balcony, and the view was perfect. Bathroom was also pristine. Right on the corner of the street within walking distance of great sights such as Rue St. Catherine. We had a delicious, home-cooked breakfast the next day. The bed was one of the most comfortable beds with really comfortable pillows. We couldn't have had better service and he even sent us a Christmas email. If I go back to Montreal, I will definitely be staying here again.
5	We had a fabulous time here.  The host is super nice and everything is just great.  We stayed at room 3 and it's gorgeous, we will miss it.  When we come back to Montreal again, we will stay here, and we recommend this place to others.
5	This was a wonderful find, recommended by friends who have stayed there twice... everything the other reviewers say is true.  Alain is a wonderful host, the breakfasts are out of this world, and the location is close to St. Catherine Street, 2 metro stops, and a few really great restaurants.  I'd recommend Alexandre Logan to all!
5	One of the best bed and breakfasts I've visited in the world over the past decade.  Rooms, public areas, outdoor areas, and location are superb.  Breakfasts are an event and not repeated on a daily basis - always excited and intrigued to get up early to see what was offered.  Proprietors very friendly, helpful, and cordial.Would stay here again in a minute and recommend to anyone.
5	I would absolutely recommend this little inn to anyone considering a trip to Montreal.  Why stay in a big hotel in the touristy area of town for the same price, when you can stay at this impeccably clean and accomodating B&B, complete with a full breakfast in the morning.When we arrived (take your shoes off!), the host and owner, Alain sat down with us and showed us where we were situated on a map, where the nearest metro stops were, places to see, nearby restaurants (and which ones are BYOB), where to buy wine for a reasonable price for said BYOB restaurants, and more.  He then gave us a tour and showed us to our room which was much larger than expected (room #3) and incredibly clean.  The room itself was also very quiet...we would have hardly known there were other guests if we didn't see them at breakfast.  Room #3 does have a bath only (no shower).  Normally I'm skeezed out by hotel bath tubs, but this one was so clean, I enjoyed it after a day of wandering around town.The breakfasts were tasty (ranging from waffles, to omelettes, to poached eggs in puff pastry) and Alain remembered our coffee and juice preferences by the second day.On top of everything, the location was unbeatable.  Two different metro stops (which was easy to use and inexpensive) were about 3-4 blocks from the inn and a Bixi bike sharing station was on the block.  The block itself was quiet but just a short walk to restaurants, bars, shopping, and parks.Looking forward to our next trip to Monteal.  Merci Alain!
5	Unless I'm staying at a funky place in the woods, I want to sleep in a place that has the appearance I'm the first person to have occupied the room. Meaning, I want the place to be VERY clean. Alexandre Logan 1870 is absolutely spotless and the bedroom I had was decorated with taste, comfort and is quite large. AND, Alain has thought of everything relating to comfort and supplies/amenities. I won't go into details but I did not have to ask or need anything else in the room.  I also must have a big bed with a really good mattress. I got it. My large room was en suite with a good sized patio. Breakfast was something I'd expect to get at a top quality restaurant. Private table, generous portions. I don't like to eat a table with a bunch of strangers; too shy sometimes. Excellent service. Getting to public transportation and public bicycles was easy, even for me, who gets lost going around the corner.So many good places to eat, shop and visit within walking distance. Beautiful, big, probably historic house, high ceilings, lots of privacy, quiet, safe neighborhood. Neighborhood store just across the street and is open late. Perfect for buying a great bottle of wine and stuff to eat, supplies, etc.Alain was a perfect, helpful and excellent host.  I admit to staying at lots of excellent B&Bs, but this was probably one of the best. Was perfect. Everything. Really, perfect. Blew me away.Did I mention how clean the place was?
