4	I read the previous review after I already paid for their work.  A simple job, I sent an email of a picture of a paloverde tree I wanted removed.  They took a couple days to get back to me, but quoted me a price less than half of another landscaper for simple removal.  I paid half down, a week later they removed the tree, and sent me a bill.  I viewed the land this weekend, and they did a fabulous job.  A good job, performed at a reasonable price.  Only reason its not a five, is b/c the job was rather simple.
4	I have had Par out to our house on several occasions, mostly for removing some of the trees we do not like around the house including some grooming.  We have also had them over to do a cleanup.  I think their prices are fair, maybe not the cheapest, but they have excellent communication and do excellent work.  We just had another estimate from them to remove a dead/fallen seguro cactus.  I plan to continue to be a customer of Par b/c there isn't anyone better at a better price as far as I'm aware.
5	My house use to be a rental and the yard was in sad shape. I used Par Landscaping to redesign and install my back and front yard. Fire pit, BBQ island, mini putting green, and lighting were hardscape additions. He reused the plants that were healthy and added new. The design has made the most of my yard, the work is good quality at a fair price. Phil Rossi paid close attention to my desires for the yard and delivered in every respect. I highly recommend his company for construction and maintenance
1	I would strongly advise against using this company. They have given us nothing but trouble over the past few years. They are incapable of managing their own accounting system. Several times they have told us we have not paid.  We have provided them with a cashed check receipt showing that they received payment and cashed the check. They are trying to rip people off by double billing them.   They are banking on customers not checking their records and then resubmitting payment. Additionally their accounting person is impossible to get in touch with and will take well over a week to respond to requests. Their customer service is horrible and we will never recommend or use them again.
