5	Came here to meet some new friends.  The place is small, but uses their space well.  My friends had arrived earlier, and I found them easily.  I sat down and the owner came over to greet me and get my drink order.  I pointed to a beer that sat in front of everybody at the table.  He smiled and rushed off.  An order sheet was placed in front of me. A cool breeze blew in through the great open wall in the front of the place.     The thing was in french, and I did my best to figure out what stuff was.  After a few minutes I had a sheet with some stuff checked off, not rightfully knowing what half of it was. The owner took it, and I also asked for a plate of fried pickles. I chatted with my friends, and occasionally got left behind when they would all switch over to French. Luckily, one of them would take a moment to pause the conversation and "subtitle" the conversation for me. They were all nice people.     My beer came over and it was huge and delicious.  The pickles came out and they were also delicious. They were in spear format, which was kinda new. I've only had the chips before.  But these were a bit spicey, and salty-briney also. Very tasty indeed.     The poutine came out, each person had an individual bowl placed in front of them. Each personalized by what they had checked off on their lists. Or in my case, what I had randomly checked off my list.  It had to be eaten with a fork.  Cheese, meats, veggies and french fires smothered in sauce blended magically. Delicious.     We chatted, ate, drank, and made merry for some time.  But all good things must come to an end, and we called it after an hour or two.        Great place, friendly owner, good drinks, good Poutine. it's a keeper in my books.
5	I have never set foot in such a classy poutinerie! (Is that a word? Poutinerie??)Very cute bistro-like setting, super attentive staff and phenomenal food. My husband and I shared a regular-sized poutine and tried to keep it as "classic" as possible while still having a bit of fun with the options. We ended up with the house potatoes (semi-mashed then deep fried), classic gravy, classic cheese curds and added some onions. So. Unbelievably. Good.We also ordered the battered and deep fried pickles and were blown away. The batter even has dill in it to complement the pickles - genious!
4	Nice bright little spot out on Ontario that I was glad to be introduced to by the charming MP. Basic decor, simple wooden tables and chairs, chill friendly perfectly bilingual staff and poutines that go beyond the usual. I went for the mashed fries, curd cheese, red wine gravy, lots of veggies and smoked meat. I would have been happier with more smoked meat but I loved the combination of flavours, fresh and not too greasy. And honestly, even when burnt out and brain tired post event I do do do love checking options off a little paper to make my own magic poutine combo.
5	We are visiting from Washington, DC and have never tried Poutine. Poutineville was amazing! Our waiter, Nick, was very helpful and friendly. The service and food were great! We would certainly recommend this place to anyone! Thank you!
5	We weren't sure if we wanted to eat Poutine at Poutineville or seek other places (for instance, Patati Patata). Anyway we decided Poutineville and were not disappointed. The moment we arrived we were greeted by three people, one was the owner. The waiter was informative, pleasant, and welcoming. He suggested few variations of potines and we were not disappointed. I have to warn you though that Poutine is a heavy meal If you have high metabolism you will love experimenting with the variations,  else choose wisely.We ordered 2 Potine Sampler (I love this because of variation of texture and easy to finish), Montrealer (many textures of cheese and flavors), Steak Filet Mignon (only to the brave heart: very filling yet tasty), Rocky (was not sure if we could handle), and Hat trick (hearty meal when eaten in small quantities). We were a party of 5 and we all felt more than satisfied, yet plagued with guilt afterward. So, be careful with your choices and the size of plates. What they call small is very large portion.The seating was pretty good and the ambiance inviting. Like most small joints in Montreal, this is a family-owned restaurant, and you immediately feel   welcomed and connected to the people who work there.
5	Holy....COW this place has great poutine. I think it's the best poutine I've had so far. I suggest making your own poutine than getting the premade ones. Apparently the premades aren't as special. When you make your own you can choose between different kinds of potatoes, cheese, vegetables and sauce. Pretty. Awesome. So I shared my poutine with a friend because I wasn't sure on the size (I regret this because I ended up wanting to finish the whole thing) and we decided on ecrasee potatoes which is like crinkled mashed potato pieces, two cheeses: mozarella and swiss, and two vegetables : olives and mushrooms, as well as a trois poivres sauce. WOW. I had this as a late night snack and man was it a great snack. Service was superb too. Very friendly and warm. So that's a bonus point. I suggest coming here to try their poutine. I will come back for more....that;s for sure.
5	Coming back for those deep fried dill pickles :) and the super friendly owners who are so much fun !!
5	Visiting Montreal and not eating poutine is like visiting NYC and not enjoying a slice of pizza.  Or going to Philadelphia and not getting a Philly cheesesteak.  Or going to Denver and not seeking out a Denver omelette.  Okay, the last one is a stretch, no one makes it a point to eat a boring omelette while in Denver (and it's not even really a thing in Denver anyway).The only problem is which poutinerie to choose!  Luckily (or not?), our options were a bit narrowed as we were looking for a vegetarian gravy.Fortunately, Poutineville was close to our Inn as well as on the way home from our day of wandering around the city.  The interior was nicer and livelier than I expected.  Judging by the website and the sushi style menu for ordering poutine, I expected Poutineville to be a fast casual kind of joint but it was full service and they had beer.You can order a set dish or order off the sushi style check off menu (with several options for fries, sauce, cheese, meats, and veggies).  Our friendly server even put Xs through anything containing meat to aid in our dining decision.  Not wanting to stray too far from the classic (you know, so I could go home and bitch about how we can't get poutine as authentic or life changing as I enjoyed in Montreal) I opted for the house potatoes (smashed and fried), traditional gravy (in Montreal they call it barbecue sauce!), traditional cheese curds, and onions and mushrooms (adding my own flair).When our server brought out our selections, it was like Christmas. "Poutine for Carly!  And poutine for David!" she said as she sat our plates in front of us.We then proceeded to eat like we were in prison, hardly slowing down to take a breath.    "How is this not, like, a thing at home?" Dave asks me as he begins polishing off the leftovers on my plate.  "If there were a food truck with this, people would LOSE THEIR MINDS."  Poutineville doesn't skimp on the salty, thin, brown gravy and the smashed and fried house potatoes managed to maintain their crispiness to the end.  So good.Unfortunately, probably not so good for you and we felt the gut bomb later on.  We had lofty hopes to eat poutine twice on our trip but only made it once (probably a good thing).Still, when in Montreal, a must eat.
4	On a recent visit to Montreal, a friend and I were on a mission for three things; decent coffee, a smoked meat sandwich and of course poutine. On recommendations and internet reviews we headed for Poutineville. Although there were extensive options of poutine toppings we went with the traditional cheese curds and gravy, opting for the specialty potatoes. It was delicious. The perfect ratio of cheese to gravy to potatoes. The cheese was soft in some areas and warm and a little rubbery in others,  just the way I like it. The gravy was generous but didn't make the potato soggy. The service was efficient and friendly. Would return and try something more adventurous and get the fries instead of potatoes for comparison.
5	I had to try a New-style Poutine just to see what its like. My sister and I headed to Poutineville we came on a weekday on an off- hour like 3 pm and were greeted by the waitress, seat where you would like.  The Decor was cool brick walls with some pop art. The Menus were simple. We ordered the Montrealais its a Smoked Meat Poutine it came out with 2 side salads for us, I thought not only were they delicious salads but she brought us out 2 because we were sharing the Poutine, Nice Plus!  The Poutine was Mashed Fries, I had to try them cause who hasn't had regular cut or shoestring before??! They were surprisingly different. It was a little bit more like a Baked Potato Poutine. The Gravy and mushrooms were delicious I'm pretty sure it was made from scratch. The Cheese was Swiss and I'm not a fan of Swiss but this cheese on this Poutine made it work perfectly it was heaven.   It was topped with a fried Pickle wedge. It was nicely seasoned and the pickle inside is a bit warm its a neat sensation if you never had a fried pickle before try it!   I do agree that there is not a lot of Smoked Meat in it, it could use more, and they could be more generous with the kinds of Fries offered aka Stingy.  Overall a great experience , a great waitress very friendly Bilingual. The Poutine was Delicious made a Great meal, and know Poutineville Set the bar High for my next Poutine Experience.
5	I decided to try this place out for Poutine week. My boyfriend and I spilt 2 different poutine's... the "specialty poutine" of the week with braised beef, red wine sauce, cheese curds and mozarella; it was wonderful!! super tasty! We also took "le montrealais" which had smoked meat, suisse cheese grantine, mushrooms and a fried pickle... all i can say is FOOD-GASM!!! omg wonderful. Every bite was worth every single calorie.. I can't wait to go back.
4	Delicious steak filet mignon poutine with perfect house-made semi-crunchy smashed potatoes (ecrase de pomme de terre).Unfortunately when I tried to make my own poutine plate by checking away all my favorite ingredients on the list, it ended up tasting like puke. Warm/melted brie is disgusting.
5	Just heavenly! By far the best Poutine I've had in Montreal. What made our experience here exceptional was the fantastic customer service. We felt right at home even though the place was packed and we were in a rush. Their menu has something fir everyone. I highly recommend the place. Perfect stop on a cold day.
5	OMG it so  yummy and gooey I was full for the next 2 days.Make sure you choose the option "crushed potato" basically it's done by hand but it ensures the fries are kept crisp even under layers of gravy. Well worth the effort to Bus there.I had Pogo+bacon+ smoke meat + zucchini +goat cheese+milk curds+gravy.   We got there around 2:30 PM so no crowds.
5	Overwhelming amount of choice, in an amazing way. The fries are always cooked to perfection and thanks to the yard sale of a list to pick from, this veggiesaurus always leaves here happy and not stuck with the usual 'original'. Great for groups, never have to wait long to get in and the servers are all fun and helpful. And for the record, there was cheese even at the bottom; that's a winner in my book.
4	This is my favourite venue of the Poutinevilles - not that the others are bad, I just like this one.Unlike most poutine places in Montreal (and the province of Quebec in general), Poutineville is actually a classy affair. Nothing too fancy, but more fancy than your average pile-of-chips-covered-in-gravy-and-cheese place.The amount of toppings you can choose is staggering, and I've still only scratched the surface of what can had. No matter what I've ordered, it's been good - they use good ingredients for everything. Admittedly, some of my choices have been better than others, but that's more my fault than the restaurant's. Definitely try the sweet potato fries, or the red wine sauce if you can.It's also not too far up the road from Le Cheval Blanc, which is a good place to get a tasty beer before and/or after a poutine.
5	Take "Subway" subtract everything boring and crappy about it (and healthy), sub the sandwiches for poutine with dozens of topping options and you got poutineville! The atmosphere is modern and less "hip" than banquist. Red and black walls, full bar, chandelier. Upon arriving they hand you a long piece of a paper with options for your potatoes (get the house special potatoes!) different cheeses, meats, veggies and sauces! Most toppings run between 1.25-2.00 depending on the topping. A poutine after adding about 4 toppings usually averages around $12. I really enjoy "designing" my own poutine. Great concept!
5	We visited Old Town Montreal for the weekend for some shopping, wandering around, and for some great food.Poutineville is a little bit off the beaten path, and isn't right in the old town area, but it's well worth the wander.  Great beer and poutine was amazing.Had the environment of being a local spot rather than being flooded with tourists (which is always good), and the staff was incredibly pleasant.
4	Very good Poutine! The fries were nice and crispy. The ingredients tasty.  We were visiting and tried another Poutine place, but it couldn't even compare to this place. This place was so much  more tasty!
4	Very good poutine!  Ordered the Poutineville and Montrealer.  The crispy edges of the crushed potatoes with the Poutineville created a pleasant texture while still being a hearty foundation to the Cheese curds, mozzarella, braised beef and wine sauce.The Montrealer had the traditional fries along with Smoked meat, mushrooms, swiss cheese, poutine sauce, au gratin and topped with a batter fried pickle.  Appropriately named, you taste Montreal on a plate.Spoke to one of the Owners who was very nice and passionate about his food and Customers.  I advised him that Poutineville would do very well in Toronto.
5	Really enjoyed the Poutine here! Loved the fact that they had both pre-determined poutine concoctions or you could make it yourself and choose your toppings.  Staff were really nice and helpful.  Will definitely return.
5	The poutine here is aaaaaaaAMAZINGGGGG! I came here on a Friday and it seemed very busy, and most of the tables were full. Despite that, I was served fairly quick and the waitress was super nice. Just thinking about this place makes my taste buds water. I will definitely be coming back for more. :)
3	Wow...you can get a 15lb heart attack poutine for $70!  We saw a huge family get that and it looked delicious.  It actually looked better than the smaller versions we got, since their cheese was super melted, etc.We got the filet mignon poutine and the regular with the BLT.  The cheese wasn't melted so we asked for them to reheat it.  Both were pretty good but overall, poutine isn't really a meal...or is it?  That's all we ate the weekend we were in Montreal!Free wifi, yay!
4	All these years of ordering poutine. Tried MY FIRST REAL POUTINE here! Wow! Onions, peppers, smoked meat, cheese - lots of cheese. Yum! They have a build your own poutine menu where you get several choices of sauce, meat, cheese, and vegetables. You can get everything from a Pogo corndog to fried onions on your poutine.The service was excellent - the owner really friendly despite my lack of french; he was quite patient and understanding.
5	I've been here twice and both times I've been met with great service and delicious food. On both occasions the food came out promptly and The Poutineville and The Montrealer are hearty feasts all by their lonesome. All of the employees I've dealt with in my visits have been lovely and Costa who served me last time was great and it made the whole experience even better.I'll definitely be visiting again.
4	This is gluttony at it's best. Fried potatoes, cheese upon cheese and meat and gravy. About three bites in you have to fight the overwhelming hatred you feel for yourself and power through...it's that good. A "regular size" is so filling I could barely finish half.  Kudos to all the people around me who were sending back empty plates, that's quite a feat. We tried the Poutineville and the Montrealer and both were great. They had many different options to chose from and I would bet there is a poutine for everyone's palette.Service was great! She was quick to get us refills and patient with our broken French. All in all a great poutine experience!
5	In the category of poutine this place was hands down the best we had while in town.  The staff was awesome, the food was great.  it was a little pricey for a pile of potatoes, but worth it for sure.  I dig the "choose your own adventure" approach, tho prescribed combos are also available.  Decidedly higher quality ingredients than most poutine competitors as well.
5	The best poutine we ever had! A must try for the tourists!
5	I prefer the sauce at La Banquise, but this place is a VERY close 2nd place. And it's not too far away (by car) from my first choice, so it's a perfect backup plan, whenever there's too big of a lineup at  #1. The potatoes are delicious btw. I chose pepperoni and pogo with regular curded cheese.Bilingual and very friendly service. LOVE IT!Ambience is very clean, chill, and not as rush-rush/noisy as La Banquise. As well, the music...awesome 70's and 80's funk (a la Earth Wind and Fire and Chaka Khan). This place is a MUST! Will be back soon!
5	Poutineville is awesome!I was referred here by my bartender at a different restaurant. Obviously with the name Poutineville, you can get all sorts and combinations of it! The house poutine was amazing, with braised shredded beef, cheese curds, and wine gravy. They give you options on what you want on the poutine, with upgrades from a standard price.Our server was very very busy. The place was packed. But amazingly, the server was still pleasant and attentive.They serve a select few beers and wines.  I sat a table near the front window, so I saw every type of person come in. It was especially funny seeing tourists wheeling in their big full sized suitcase in there. The place is just so good that you want to go to it right off the plane if you're visiting. haha
5	Poutine poutine poutine...can I get a woohoo for poutine?  I've tried poutine in Vancouver before and I didn't see what the hype was all about but the poutine at this place is AMAZING!I highly recommend the original.  Damn the beef in it is sooo good that I'd snuggle with it! I tried the sweet potato poutine too which sounds kind of weird, but it was pretty good and wasn't weird at all.  And they open late...hooray for an after drinking snack.
4	The second we got to Montreal we knew the first thing we needed to do was eat poutine. Poutineville turned out to be the perfect choice for our first one of the trip.This place gives you the option of ordering one of several specialty poutines on the menu or building your own with any combination of potatoes, meats, cheeses, vegetables, and sauces. I chose the latter and took the standard poutine (french fries, gravy, cheese curds) and mixed it up a bit by ordering their house specialty crushed potatoes in place of fries, and adding onions and montreal smoked meat. The result was AMAZING. While the service was a little lacking and the inside of the restaurant a little too hot it was definitely worth it to get my hands on this excellent poutine. I highly recommend to anyone looking to sample this signature French Canadian dish!
4	delicious poutine. WOW. the steak one...expensive as it is..sooo gooddd. i wish we ordered a large, we only got regular and that wasn't enough. Then we ordered a large one of the famous LA POUTINEVILLE poutine and that was okay...we got leftovers that we ended up eating later at night so that was fine. The lychee martini was good and strong. So happy they spoke english, had to ask for an english menu after i was like..so i can't read french...awesome music they were pumping until halfway when they cut it. :(
3	I went to poutineville many times for various items on the menu. I have to say, there's a poutine for everyone, and the rest will be bad. I tried sampling as many of their food (+1 for their varied menu). However, 90% of the time I was disappointed.I tried the regular, the specials, etc. But so far I only liked a few. Couple with the fact that it's so far away from everything else, I don't think I'm going back. It was a one time experience, which at the end was still worth it.
5	Poutine. Poutine! POUTINE.Love their fries and house sauce. Poutine made to measure. Perfect.
4	We managed to sneak in a meal between brunch and dinner. Brunner? Given our tight schedule, this was going to be our only chance to have poutine.  Poutineville ended up being a wise choice.We only tried a small "la poutineville". Don't let the size fool you though. This is still a very hearty dish that was good enough for the two of us. This poutine, I am guessing, is the original version. It was a pretty simple dish with braised beef, mozzarella cheese and potatoes and red wine sauce. I was floored by how good the flavors and textures were - especially the potatoes which had an amazing crispiness on the outside and softness inside. You could just serve me those potatoes in that beefy flavor and I'd be a happy customer.Poutineville has a quirky set up and were playing 70s disco the whole time we were there. The waitstaff were much older than what I usually see at restaurants, but they looked like they partied it up in the 70s. It seemed like a place that was stuck in that era, which was kind of funny and charming in its own way.They had many different kinds of poutine including a make-your-own option but since it was my first time, I wanted to try the original. Is this the standard for good poutine? I don't know but I sure as hell would be okay if it was.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by poutine. They have a nice variety of choices. The House Special poutine was my favorite. The service was good and plenty of room for our party of six.
5	First, if you don't know what Poutine is, check out this link:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PoutineSecond, forget everything you've read and be prepared for an experience that truly makes this dish superb.  Besides the traditional fries, gravy and cheese, there are so many ways to customize your Poutine experience at Poutineville that even the staunchest critic will become a fan.  Simply stated, the food and service were outstanding.  We had a delicious dinner and Georgia was the perfect server.  Even the beer selection was quite good and also reasonably priced.  I upgraded to filet mignon with bacon - does it really get any better than that?
5	If you're going to be eating poutine, come here. The potatoes were crispy and already bite sized, making them easy to eat. The gravy / sauce was perfectly balanced. The proteins and other toppings scattered all over were like treats to find. I think the house poutine was my favorite.
5	I had the perfect meal here.Poutineville has a make-your-own poutine menu, which is what we went for.  My girlfriend ordered a traditional poutine, but I got a little fancy and ordered sweet potato fries, fresh curds, and braised beef with traditional sauce.  This is the best combination!  Their sweet potato fries were perfect - not soggy, not dry - and they went perfectly with the gravy and curds.  The braised beef was great on top of it all.  It was exactly what I wanted.They also have a good beer selection and the service was quick.
5	We loved it so much, we went back twice during our long weekend trip here. The owner is very nice, the poutine is excellent, and they have great beer on tap. Will definitely be coming back next time I'm in town!
4	This was my first time in Montreal so how can you  not have a poutine while you are hereThe poutine was delicious.  The fries were not soggy but crispy and soft on the inside.  The gravy was light in the texture but very flavorful and the cheese was fresh.   Wash it down with a great local beer like Cheval Blanc and you have a great combo Service was a little slow considering there was nobody else in the restaurant but other than that would definitely recommend
5	Went here with my mom and sister had the 911 chicken wing poutine and fell in love  along with an amazing dessert!! Service is awesome and staff is friendly defiantly a compliment to Montreal dining !
5	I had the pleasure of being served by the owner of the establishment, so of course, the service was great/charming.  The Bacon Cheeseburger was really good; you could fully taste all of it's distinct ingredients. Freshville.  $2 upgrade to the poutine is a safe bet, and MUST do.  Their poutine is really good.  Not as savory as LaBanquise, but the hot fries, beefy gravy and cheese curds marry to each other, and form a nice, sticky little cluster of salty, fatty whatchu-need-ness, and why-you-came-ness.  Thumbs up.
5	I enjoyed checking off my order on paper.  I could customize my poutine which was a new experience for me.  You can choose your fries (sweet Potato is one of them!), the type of cheese, veggies, meat, and sauce that you want.  The service was friendly and our food was ready in about 5 minutes.2 regular poutines and 2 drinks was just over 20$  and we definitely got our moneys worth.
5	Absolutely delicious poutine. I decided to try the crush potatoes instead of the traditional fries and it was fantastic. I also opted for all of the cheeses on offer as it was no extra to have a mix. WOW. The best poutine I have had in Montreal yet. You must try it! Oh - and the service was brilliant too.
2	Had the two sampler poutine, bad bad choice! Should of sticked with the classical ones. If you could, don't order take out! When I took the poutine home, everything was not good. But don't be disappointed in this restaurant! I believe my experience was just a odd occurrence.
4	This review is, again, waaay over due, but I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here, thus I would like to share it with other potential customers. We came here on Thanksgiving Monday, specifically to build our own poutines. I quite enjoyed the concept, and was surprised by the plethora of options given for type of fries, sauces, meats, veggies and cheeses. I built a poutine version of a Philly cheese steak; regular & sweet potato fries, cheese curds, gravy, flank steak and green peppers. Three words: AH. MAY. ZZZING. It was delish; I am a huge poutine fan (duh, who in Quebec isn't!!) and I would definitely recommend this place to anyone wanting to venture outside the "fries, cheese curds and gravy" boundaries of the original poutine!
5	Oh. my. god. I am craving this right now as I write this review. As my extent of knowledge about Canada goes (which is very little), nothing is more Canadian than poutine, right?? I definitely had to try this place out before I left Canada. Even though Poutineville was only half a mile away from our hotel, I was seriously considering if it was worth it having to walk 10 minutes in a snow storm to eat here. I may have gotten a little bit sick, but all I have to say is that I have no regrets. I was never ever a fan of carbs, of cheese, or anything that this place would stand for, but somehow, Poutineville converted me. I opted for the make-your-own-poutine menu, since I was all about having it my own way. It starts at 8-9 dollars, and you work your way up depending on how much stuff you decide to put in your poutine. From what I can recall, I added mushrooms, hot dog, bell peppers, gravy, runny egg, and some other options that I don't even remember. I ended up with about 10 additional items on top, which totaled up to about $19 just for that one dish. That sounds like a lot, but when the dish was served to us, it all made sense; it was huge!  It was like 2 days worth of food for me and my boyfriend, no way I would be able to finish that in one sitting. After eating through 1/4 of it, we decided to pack it up and enjoy it later.I wish I was able to explain how good my customized poutine was. Yeah the flavors didn't really match, but I devoured it nevertheless. I especially enjoyed the cheese curds, and I'm not even a fan of cheese. The service was quick and the drink selection was adequate. If I ever find myself in Montreal again, you can almost guarantee that this will be the first place I will stop by at.
5	Team, I think I'm falling in love. No, not with a woman (if you want a fair assessment of my dating life and romantic capabilities, I'd recommend listening to "Autoclave" by the Mountain Goats on repeat and at full volume [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZ-2kbculaI]), but rather with a city. Her name? Montreal.Why would I mention that I'm falling in love with Montreal in a review about a Poutinery? In a survey among Canadians, Poutine was listed as the 10th best Canadian invention (http://www.nytimes.com/2007/05/23/dining/23pout.html?_r=2&), and, when paired with a "Le Cheval Blanc" wheatbeer seems to function as Montreal's official meal. If you compare that with San Francisco's official meal of organically sourced self-righteous loathing and PBR (or 4 dollar toast, ugh...), you can see why I'm a little in love.Poutineville gave me my first real taste of true poutine (most of the examples I've eaten in the States are tragic) in their innovative "Montrealer", which combined smoked meat, swiss, mushrooms, poutine sauce, and topped with a fried pickle on top. It was incredible. The smoked, pastrami-like meat paired perfectly with the salty, rich sauce, and the broiled-to-crunchy swiss cheese on top rounded everything out perfectly. Paired with the slightly spicy flavors of a Le Cheval Blanc, it was damn near perfect, considering that temperatures outside were hovering around -2 Centigrade. As I paid my bill and walked out, the Quebec curling team struck a blow against the undefeated Albertans, the music swelling to vapid chorus proclaiming "I'm a winner!", I couldn't help but cheer with the rest of the bar.Overall: Five Stars. Damn impressive stuff.Extras:Accessible by Station Beri-UQAM (Yellow, Orange and Green Lines), and near to the Gare d'autocars.Service is extraordinarily friendly.Design-your-own poutine is an available ordering option.I'm sorely tempted to try the "Heart Attack" the next time I'm in Montreal, which consists of five pounds of poutine topped with every-goddamned-delicious-thing-on-the-planet.
5	Fantastic spot in Montreal - casual and fun with great food!I had the "Rocky", which is a poutine with "Philly"-style steak, grilled onions and nacho cheese - it was savory and so good.  I also had a Poutineville Deli sandwich, which has smoked meat, swiss cheese and cole slaw...it was rich and delicious as well.  I was really impressed by the food here - so decadent and flavorful.I will definitely return the next time I'm in Montreal...one of the best food experiences!
5	Awesome Poutine!!! Best I've had so far. Staff was amazing answered all our questions. I see why poutineville is so popular.
5	Fantastic. We ordered the classic poutine and the poutineville special. Yummy. The special was a unanimous thumbs up. Fries, braised beef, cheese, and wine sauce. What's not to love?
5	GREAT POUTINE! I'm a tourist so take that as it is but... this was the best poutine I've ever had! The curds were squeaky, the gravy rich and flavourful and the fries had a firmness that is often lost when compared to poutines I've had in the past. You get a surprising amount of cheese and fries for $7 and I can only imagine what you get with the large ($9). My dining buddy opted for The Montrealer ($12/$15) with smoked meat, mushrooms, grated cheese gravy and fries and topped off with a battered deep fried pickle. I stole half!Yes it's a heart attack on a plate but would you rather go any other way?As for me, I'm going back today for seconds.
5	Poutine poutineIt's quebec cuisineCrushed potatoes, cheese & gravyEating it you can't be lazy!Poutineville makes it the bestCustom order, then you rest Very filling, veggies, meatWith a price that can't be beat!
5	Thank you my fellow Yelpers for helping me discover this place. Whenever I am in Quebec I always get poutine. This place has mastered poutine! You have the option to build your own choosing which ingredients you want. I tried the Sampler which allowed me to try two smaller sized poutines.  It was a generous portion, but I just couldn't put down my fork!! Also the service was amazing despite being pretty crowded. The owner even came out and chatted with me. He happily switched to English for me and answered all my menu questions. Ohh and get a Bloody Caesar to wash down all that poutine. Seemed like the crowd was mostly locals which I always love! Def worth a trip!
4	Did I get really good customer service or really bad?  I can't decide.Came here since I have never tried it, and last time I was in town I went to La Banquise.  Had a coupon for free "add bacon," too.  Ordered the classique, and asked for the large so I could take half home for later.The waiter was super friendly in helping me order and bringing me my food.  Unfortunately, he realized that the kitchen made me a regular.  He told me it should be enough for me.  He was right, but that wasn't the point, I wanted leftovers!!When the check came ($8.05 with tax) I gave the guy $10.05 and he said, "Are you good?" implying he wanted that $2 as a tip.  Of course he did.  Normally I would have been happy to give him the $2, but my order was wrong.  I was planning on giving him $1 but basically he hustled me into leaving the $2.  Can't blame the guy for trying to make good tips, though.The poutine was great, by the way.  I'd definitely go back.
5	I came to Poutineville my first night in Montreal with my boyfriend. We were absolutely starving but wanted to try something authentic from the city. After a quick Yelp search, we walked over to Poutineville completely stunned by how delicious the menu looked. Not only is poutine awesome by itself (fries with goat cheese on top... um hello!) Poutineville basically serves you dinner on top of regular poutine.The first night my boyfriend had the house special - braised beef, red wine sauce and cheese curds. I had the filet mignon, blue cheese, cheese curds, mushrooms and a nice brown gravy. We were so stuffed, I couldn't even finish the fried pickles we ordered as an appetizer (which are also amazing).We came back here the next night with five more people and Poutineville has an amazing staff that was more than accommodating! This is THE PLACE to go to for Poutine in Montreal, you will not be disappointed!
4	Soliid Poutine - proper portionsHad the house special with braised beef(?) - great flavour - overall cool place
5	Poutineville lets you create your own personal poutine dish. There's choices of cheeses, vegetables, meats, sauces and more. Best poutine I've had and I definitelyrecommend it.My eyes are always bigger than my stomach so of course I ordered the larger portion which was exactly what they say, grande. So much food but so good. Go with the regular portion unless you're feeling adventurous.
5	Great poutines! Trust me, I've been eating them all my life and I only eat them here or at La Banquise.
5	Very good service, good food.Really recommended place especially for lunch.Wide selection of foods too.But it is a bit noise because it on the streets but otherwise excellent.
5	Poutineville lets you create your own personal poutine dish. There's choices of cheeses, vegetables, meats, sauces and more. Best poutine I've had and I definitelyrecommend it.My eyes are always bigger than my stomach so of course I ordered the larger portion which was exactly what they say, grande. So much food but so good. Go with the regular portion unless you're feeling adventurous.
5	Amazing poutine!  Tons of different options. Waiter, maybe owner, very friendly and helpful.  More customers speaking French than English in restaurant. Great experience after walking around Montreal and up Mount Royal for 10 hrs.
5	My new spot for Poutine in Montreal. I used to try places in old Montreal and didn't realize how much better this place is than the others. I tried the house special. Excellent portions and very well made. Great service too!
3	i like the variety and the creative takes here on the classic poutine dish consisting of fries, gravy and cheese curds. however, i think you have to REALLY like poutine to finish the ginormous sized portions that are served here. for my friend and i, it was a bit too much about halfway through.i will say that poutine makes a fabulous craving satisfier for hangry people, and is especially good after a long night of drinking (hence why they stay open until 5am).i like that they serve sangria here (though watered down), even though sangria does not go with poutine one bit.and, although poutineville is very popular with locals and tourists alike, there is never too long of a wait because of the high turnover and the large space/capacity inside. we only waited 5-10 mins at 8pm on a saturday night. and bonus: al fresco dining!service here is exceptionally friendly. nothing less than what i would expect from our friends north of the border.
5	The Poutineville poutine is by far the best poutine I've ever tried. The only downside of Poutineville is that they put very little cheese on their poutines.
5	One of the best poutines I've ever had. They have their special smashed fries. I got the large one with smoked meat and peas. The smoked meat wasn't the best but the unsalty gravy and portion was more than enough for one person. Great service as well even on a busy night. Highly recommended.Food: 5/5 (great selection, perfect cheese curds, crispy fries, good portion and not salty gravy)Service: 4/5 (water refill is a requirement for Poutine and they take care of you often and people are very nice with smiles each time I've been there)Ambience: 4/5 (although it's a smaller venue, they open it up so it doesn't feel cramped - it's great if you can seated near the windows)Price: 3/5 (it's a little pricy as you add more items to your Poutine - a large portion could go up to $25/person if you get a drink)
5	The reviews DO NOT LIE. This place has amazzzzzingggg poutine. JUST COME HERE.Me and my boyfriend decided to have poutine for breakfast on our last day at Montreal (after a whole weekend of drinking, why not cure it with animal fat and cheese curds?)I got the Samplier ($11) which was their house poutine and also sweet potato poutine. It blows your tastebuds away.. and the thing is their portions are larger than you would expect. I had to take half of it to go.My boyfriend made his own, a regular with mushrooms, onions, philly steak and LOTS of cheese. It was basically a philly cheese steak, but in poutine form. The great thing about this place is that the toppings just aren't on the top of the fries like many poutine places. No, they got toppings everywhere hidden in the fries. The service is also really good, and the server was attentive (but then again we were the only people in the entire restaurant...).Overall if I was visiting Montreal again, I would definitely come here again. WHY DON'T PLACES MAKE MORE SWEET POTATO POUTINE?! Now I have to go complain to Smoke's *sigh*.
4	Excellent. Better than Banquise in my opinion. Go for the classic poutine (always) or give the pogo poutine a try.
5	Best poutine I've had in Canada (we tried 3 places, it's rich stuff). We weren't too hungry so we split the sampler and got cheese sandwiches. The sweet potato poutine with pepper gravy was incredible. Cheese sandwiches were nice- crispy and gooey. We sat in front by the open window. Probably a little warm partially in the sun that afternoon, so you might ask for something else if you've been walking around for a while. Seating was a little crowded, but a pleasant place to stop
5	This is my new #1.So last year on my trip to Montreal I did my "poutine crawl" and Fameux Viande Fumee Et Charcuterie came out on top.  However, if I'd been to Poutineville last year, it would have been my #1.First of all, everyone who works there is super attractive.  So that's never bad.  Second, they take your order quickly.  I had my beer before I batted an eye.  The best part is the "build your own poutine" option.  They have several options for the potatoes and I got them crushed and that's what sent me over the moon.  To those I added curds, swiss, pepperoni and gyro meat and I must say it was one of the most delicious things I've ever put in my mouth.  I should have ordered the large.  I would have eaten it for sure.I'm in love with Poutineville and I want to live there!
4	One of my favorite poutine's on my recent trip to Montreal, mostly because of their crispy smashed potatoes! My husband and I split the following:- fried pickles: super tasty! crunchy, perfect breading to pickle ratio, good dipping sauce- house special poutine: brased beef with wine sauce gravy- yummy crispy potatoes, squeaky cheese curds.....but a little too heavy on the gravy. heavy in terms of flavor and amount, but still yummy.Relaxed, comfortable atmosphere. No wait on a Sunday night. Definitely worth a visit!
4	As a first time visit to Montreal, poutine was at the top of our list to try. We checked out Poutineville for THE place for good poutine. There was a long line that led outside to the sidewalk, but it went by quick. We got the Sampler of 2 poutines: crushed potatoes + wine sauce, & sweet potatoes + pepper sauce, both w/ cheese curds. Also got The Montrealer: smoked meat, mushrooms, swiss cheese, poutine sauce, & fried pickle to top it. I love that it was drenched in gravy. Both greasy, cheesy, and delicious. Generous portion too. They also have free wifi! How could you go wrong? You also the option to customize your own poutine which is pretty cool.
4	Best poutine I had in Montreal, served up with a cold beer. How did they keep the fries so crispy under all that gravy?!
4	When planning out my Montreal trip, I was doing some research on things to try in Montreal. Poutine was the first thing that popped on every site. I thought I was going to have a heart attack just reading all the ingredients that make up a Poutine. So basically it's french fries with curd cheese, sausage, and a special gravy sauce drizzled on top. After actually trying it, I Liked It! We found a really good one in Latin Quarters, but Poutineville wasn't bad at all. You get to customize your poutine based on preference at Poutineville. The gravy sauce they used here was delicious, despite how messy our dish looked. This place is a little off city center, so if you don't want to travel far, definitely try some in Latin Quarters.Tartufo is a MUST here! It's a little different than how it's made in the States, but this was DELICIOUS!
3	3.5 stars. Great first-time experience eating gourmet poutine. It's just not something I would want to eat again and again. Long line out the door, but we probably waited 30 mins for a party of 2. We got a spot in the back of the restaurant at the bar, so some flexibility with where you'll sit will help secure a seat faster.We had the Poutineville with braised beef, wine sauce, mozzarella, and cheese curds and the Montrealer with smoked meat, mushrooms, cheese, poutine sauce, and a fried pickle. I expected to like the Poutineville better, because I'm a big fan of braised beef in wine sauce, and I did not think I would like smoked meat. However, the Poutineville wasn't salty enough for me. It turned out to be a lot less flavorful than the saltier and seasoned smoked meat on the Montrealer. Also, just get the smaller of the two size options. There is no need to get the bigger one, because you'll either get full or you will feel so crappy about yourself that you will stop eating. I think what makes Poutineville different from other places like La Banquoise are the gourmet toppings it offers. Additionally, Poutineville has a whole a la carte make-it-youself menu where you can choose exactly which toppings you want on your poutine. You even have different options for the potato- fries or smashed potatoes. It seems like the smashed potatoes is the more popular version here. It was also our first time trying Canadian beer. The St. Ambroise cream ale is really good. My bf was freaking out at first because they weren't filling the glass as you normally would with a beer to avoid getting too much head. But be patient- this is to build up a beautiful head of cream mousse.
3	Poutine was really good. We had chicken and mozzarella something very simple yet very delicious. Only complaint was service wasn't that great. We had no attention when we walked in. So we went for takeout instead. Even when we were waiting to be served for takeout it took them forever. When they took the sheet of paper with the toppings you want in the poutine, no smiles nor friendly conversation. They just took my order rudely. There's so many more poutineries around the area with similar quality and better service so might not be returning unless I'm in the area and is desperately craving for poutine.
4	Poutineville deserves its fame and its hundreds of positive reviews; it's THE poutine place in Montreal! With its numerous options and make-your-own-poutine formula, you can't go wrong! Although my husband and I have had to wait to be seated on a couple of occasions, busy nights evidently, the staff always is courteous, albeit their service could be more efficient and focused. I've read some reviewers complain about the drinks menu, implying no one should ever order wine or martinis with such a greasy and earthy meal; I will say that a glass of red or white wine with a poutine is a surprisingly attractive and delectable match. Of all the choices on the menu, I have found after a few visits that the red wine sauce accompanied with marinated eggplant make a great match for the adventurous poutine lover. Try it and see for yourself! I highly recommend Poutineville as one of Montreal' best comfort foods and city icons.
4	Very tasty. I went with the specialty, which was braided beef, mozzarella, curd, and wine sauce on potatoes. It was great.The staff was friendly and, noticing we were tourists, brought us English menus.The large open doors made it a great place to sit and people watch.
5	Delicious. Everything. Got the original and the steak with mushroom. Both were outstanding. Service was a little slow but worth the wait. And friendly! What a welcome meal on our first trip to Montreal.
5	You can go wrong when you have the option of making your own poutine. Different type of fries, gravy, cheese and then the availability of extra toppings on top. Large plate of poutine is a whole meal by itself, under $20 you can't go wrong
5	I really don't like poutine. The combination of fries, gravy and cheese just doesn't work for me. Though I LOVE THIS PLACE! The available choices, quality, staff and atmosphere is pretty awesome! I'd eat poutine anytime here! I also suggest the onion rings as an appetizer. mmmmm!
4	Omg the poutine is sooo good. Nice fast food joint. I had this amazing poutine that was covered with bacon, cheddar, sour cream and shallot. The staff is very friendly and ready to recommend the best choices.
5	Very delicious food. good experience in this restaurant. 5 star rating.I will be back!
4	Stopped in here for a quick pre-dinner snack on our first day in Montreal.  Of course we had to get the House Poutine!  Our first poutine experience, their potatoes were smashed, not regular fries and the braised beef with the melty cheese curds and wine sauce makes the dish irresistible!  We shared a regular since it was a snack, but it could definitely be filling.  They also give you a sheet of paper & pencil in case you want to get creative and choose your own toppings.    Would definitely recommend to anyone visiting Montreal!
4	Poutine! All Day! Everyday! This can be done at Poutineville. Just the name alone is pretty obvious of what's on the menu. The best part about this place, it's open late hours, I think it closed at 5am and it was walking distance from our hotel. So many poutines to pick from and of course you can make your own custom order! We ended up going with the Montrealer with the smoked meat and the Hat Trick with the hot dogs! Definitely both are tasty...how can you go wrong with meat and fries! And the orders are huge!! Even a regular size was good to share. If there's one thing I learned on my trip to Canada, it is that I can eat poutine everyday! And definitely the combinations are endless here at Poutineville.
5	It's fantastic poutine, tons of choice, at a good price, in a great atmosphere, with friendly staff, and drinks. Really, what's not to like ?
4	Pretty good but it all depends on your creations! Fun times and I'll be going back for sure.
4	Excellent way to get your wife to eat poutine.  Despite the name, this place was noticeably more upscale in flavor (and decor?) than your typical poutine joint.  While I'm all about the greasy stuff, the poutine here has what i could only describe as more grown up.... potatoes instead of fries, braised meats, wine sauce instead of gravy.
5	Great poutine.  I took my wife here because she loves poutine and she wanted to have the authentic Quebec version. I was not a fan of poutine until this place!  Great atmosphere, great food, decent price and the service was awesome. We'll be coming here next time we're in the Montreal area and visiting the Toronto location too.Go for the braised beef!!!
4	Have been here twice and both times I really liked the meal.  Tried to come here on a Saturday night and the line was way out the door.  Slightly out of the way place for a tourist, but way better experience that in downtown.  The area around it looks like it would be fun to explore in the Summer too!
4	This place was fantastic, very glad we came to Montreal. We wanted authentic Poutine, we came to the right place.We didn't know what kind of Poutine to order there was such a great selection.We went with the house special, Braised beef, mozzarella, cheese curds & red wine gravy. A bit skeptical of the red wine gravy, we asked for a sample. Right away, sir! We tried the gravy & it was delicious! The braised beef was spectacular, fries were steaming hot & gravy equally hot.Waitstaff was very pleasant & very accommodating. It was very well priced.We highly recommend Poutineville!
4	First time Poutine-er over here!  Let me explain why they get 4 stars:Service - 3 stars - it wasn't the servers fault as he was very friendly, welcoming and gave great advice for nightlife; however, he was handling way too many tables. Management needs to add a server - yes it's good to be busy, but when the server doesn't have time to bring the check because he needs to take the other 6 tables orders - not okay.Food - 5 stars - before I came here, I heard the description of Poutine and thought it sounded disgusting; however, I was told that I must try it. Well, poutineville made me realize that it is actually amazing/delicious. I'd recommends beginners to start with the classic Poutine. I tried the blue cheese one and thought it was too much but the classic was just right!
5	5 star poutine!   Came in with a work friend craving some carbs and boy did we get them.   Our waitor was kind and helped us pick The Poutineville from the menu.  He said to always trust when a restaurant puts their  own name on a menu item and boy was he right.   We were almost embarrased when the plate came out since it was so big and there was plenty of steam coming off the gravy.  The first couple bites were to die for.  The braised beef is so soft and tendor and works so well with the poutine.  They didn't skimp on the cheese curds like some places i've been to.   There is that poutine coma that hits you pretty hard 15 minutes after finishing - expect to receive that for sure.  I shared it but still left really stuffed.   I did notice that they had pogos on the menu.   Perhaps next time I'll go that route just for fun.
4	Turned my wife who never liked poutine into a believer.  Thank you Poutineville.
4	It's a place.A place with poutine.Lots of poutine.Get creative and assemble your own.Pro-tip: Add gyros & jalapenos to the standard set-up for extra tastiness.
4	I love me some good poutine and being a pescetarian, it's always hard to find one that is meatless. Well this place here allows you to make your own and I got the classic poutine with a sunny side up egg on top. Needless to say, this hit the spot and was absolutely delicious. The service was great and the folks there were attentive. I'd definitely come back here again for sure.
5	love this place, my opinion the best poutine in mtl. you have to try the tex mex witch isnt on the menu but is great.and you have to try a poutine with the crushed potatoes. the service is  great.
4	You get to customize your poutine. Doesn't get any better than that :)
5	For a long time like everybody i used to think "la banquise" was the best Poutine spotUntil i went at poutinevilleThey have the most delicioud ones with out a doubtI loved the 3 Pepper sauce I Just need them to make delivery now Ahaha
