4	Portovino is a lovely Italian 'ristorante' where the bread is served hot (read: gooey on the inside and toasty on the outside), meats and fish are brought table side for your choosing, and the pasta is so divine, that it would satisfy eve the most critical palates (seriously, have you ever met someone who wasn't impressed with the Duo di Mare dish?? A sprinkling of dill on a a giant scallop is the stuff of dreams).The only con I can think of that denies this superb restaurant a perfect score is the service on weekends. They seemed understaffed the one time I visited on  a Saturday night, resulting in very slow service, some plate mix-ups, etc. However, we were a big group, and the several times I've eaten here on weekdays and weeknights, I've had nothing short of a great experience.In short, if you happen to have had a lovely day of shopping at Carrefour Laval and are feeling peckish - treat yourself to a fabulous meal at Portovino. And don't forget: "Portovino"  translates as "Bring Wine"...so make a quick stop at the SAQ before dining!
3	This place is unusual (in my experience) because diners are encouraged to bring their own wine. Since they are located only steps away from a provincial wine shop that's tres cool. Service is above average, the tables are well set and the ambiance is open and friendy.The food is pretty good too with an emphasis on Italian dishes. My recent clams in a red sauce was spicy and flavorful. It all worked well with my 1/2 bottle (left from the previous night at the same joint) of Argentinian syrah. Give it a try an share you impressions.
4	Portovino is an expensive restaurant but totally worth it! The pasta, the meat even the deserts are great! Not 100% kid friendly. The decor is up-class, and really chic. I come here about 2-3 a year for anniversaries, the space between tables is tight so be careful when moving around.
4	Very good italian food with a nice ambiance. A bit pricey in my opinion, but given its location it's somewhat understandable.
4	Food is very good, fast service, nice ambiance, bit pricey but totally worth it!Lots of different dishes, ill go back anytime. And don't forget to bring your wine!
3	The decor and ambience was amazing...well...maybe not the music. You would expect some sort of music from Italy but anyway...it didn't bother that much. The server was very good, considering that he was running around like crazy since it was a bit crowded. The food was good, nothing outstanding but it was fresh, hot, and portion sizes plentiful. You do have to bring your booze but there is a liquor store inside the mall with plenty of wine options. Worth the try
1	The worst "italian" restaurant in Montreal area!!! If you really love italian food don't go there!!!!!!
4	The joy of Portovino is that you can bring your own wine here as a BYOB resto so you can have a smashing good time with your friends while enjoying a fantastic Italian meal!  We had a huge group meal for lunch and on the day we came it seemed like each table was a Christmas party.  I chose the bavette de boeuf (hanger steak) with fries on a friends's recommendation.  It came with crispy fries and an au jus sauce and what appeared to be another creamy (yet delicious) sauce as well!  My lunch was fantilliy-astic in terms on flavour texture and portion size!  Portovino is good for pasta (for dinner) or lunch!  Just be prepared to pay around $20 for lunch.  For dinner I never order the meat on the fancy tray they bring around.  It's expensive albeit I believe it would be great!  Their pasta is really good that I usually stay with one selection on the vast menu.  This location would have to be my favourite as the layout is really nice next to Carrefour Laval!  Make sure you bring wine (if you drink) it will make for a great lunch or evening!
5	Bring your favorite wine to accompany a delicious meal. The Portovino mussels is a favorite !
5	We went with friends for dinner as we were looking for a BYOW restaurant. I like Italian food, but I'm not a huge fan of pasta, so I usually tend to go for veal parmigiana, osso bucco and the likes. When ordering, they present you the meats on a platter, and I knew right there that I had to take the osso bucco (and my wife did the same). We also had the salmon tartar and grilled octopus as entrees. Both entrees were delicious, the salmon tartar a very nice mix of mangoes and salmon with sriracha sauce on the side, and the grilled octopus grilled to perfection.The osso bucco itself was perfect as well. Melt in the mouth, luscious risotto and marrow was a delight in itself (to the point of disappointment when there's not more left).Had a cappucino and split a cheesecake for dessert which were also very good.Service was efficient, quick and pleasant.A very nice evening of perfect food with great friends. The bill ended up on the high side, but as an occasional evening out, we'll do it again.
