4	Nice family owned Mexican place, like the food.  Stop by on your way to the lake!
5	3 dollar quesadillas for the kids and they are HUGE! The carnitas are bomb. The super chicken nachos are the best in town. This is my go to spot for great, fast, cheap Mexican food.
3	Pretty Good nothing to write home about.
4	This place is about 2 minutes from our house, and we have been coming here for 3 years.  We only found out it was called "Santa Rosa Taco Shop" after we had been at least a dozen times, when we finally used a check card to pay and got a receipt with the name on it.  We call it Mexican Food, because that's what the sign says out front.This place is excellent, and you get a lot of food for the money.  We get chimichangas and enchiladas frequently.  The carne asada fries are excellent.  But, I recently started getting breakfast burritos and I highly recommend them.  Better than Roberto's.  This place is well worth finding.
5	This place is a hop, skip, and a jump from my house. It looks a place you might not want to go at night, but it's totally cool and safe. Recently somebody graffiti'd on it "Be Free" so there is definitely a hooligan or two roaming about, but it's a positive set of hooligans. Henderson's answer to Banksy, I tell ya.Anyway, this place far surpasses any Roberto's, ever. Cheese enchiladas to go, plz. The enchilada sauce is super flavorful, if lacking in the spice department. I cover it in the salsas that they give you, but also the guac. The guac is more of a sauce than a dip, but it's really, really good. Also, the roll-up tacos. Delicious. And Dr Pepper? Don't tell anybody, but I indulge in the occasional alcoholic beverage, and Dr Pepper and Mexican food are my hangover cures. Santarosa does the trick every time. If you're on your way to Lake Mead or Lake Las Vegas, it's worth the stop!
4	Cheap, quick, and pretty good mexican food.  The guys working here are usually very friendly and provide quick service.  It isn't exactly the cleanest place, but I never eat in anyways, I usually just take it home since I live close by.
4	Mexican Food, as the signage states, is actually another Santa Rosa Taco Shop that serves up some fantastic and inexpensive Mexican grub. I am a huge fan of the other Santa Rosa Taco Shop in Henderson, but this location is closer to my house so it has become my go-to stop for quick tacos, tortas and burritos.Blink and you may miss it, as it's tucked slightly behind a convenience store, but even if you pass it this is one stop worth making a u-turn for. The employees are friendly, the portions are large and the prices are right. Santa Rosa serves up my favorite breakfast burritos in town.. just as large as the other places in town, for less money, and the cheese is always fully melted. (That's my breakfast burrito pet peeve, unmelted cheese.)This isn't the classiest joint, the ambiance is a bit lacking... but the food is legit. The sign outside should really be revised to say Best Mexican Food. It's that good.
4	OK so the restaurant is kinda scuzzzy, but the food is very very good.   I actually avoided this place for the past five years I lived in the area, but the service is friendly and quick; and the food did not cause heartburn!   It was a great value for the price paid, and tasted good.Damn, been back to this place 3 times since first review... I love it, more than Lindo
5	For the money?  AMAZINGLY TASTY!  YooHoo!  Love the Santa Rosa Taco Shell!
5	The best tacos we had on our journey out west. This is a family owned business and you can taste it in the food. Don't let the bars on the windows deter you. We popped in a little after 10 am and shortly after all the tables were full. If you're adventurous and like to experience authentic meals, Santarosa will fill your taco, burrito, and menudo needs.
4	99 CENTS BEEF OR CHICKEN TACOSNot to forget a $2.50 beef burrito.  If you compare my neighborhood taco shop to Taco Bell or Del Taco, I would give the edge to Santarosa Taco Stop. Yu-go chauffeur told me to order anything I wanted... like hey big spender with $10 gripped in my hand. LoLWhat the heck, let's try the chicken, beef tacos and the their beef burrito. Ifs apparent that the method of pan frying the taco shells are different.  Beef is a flat stiff corn tortilla shell while the chicken is pan fried the old fashion way.  Beef is blended with a filler which I assume is bean.  Beef burrito is excellent in size and weight.  If you're interested in getting the most value for the meat content, I would recommend the beef burrito.The complimentary pickled carrot and onions are cooked. I did notice that their condiment stand was stocked full while the Basic location was ignored and empty.Most important: both locations have drive up window service.  They will accommodate your customer low rider or your Rolls Royce (Celine's).
4	Blink and you might miss it.  Tucked behind a 7-11, this little taco shop dares to impress.  The carne asada fries and chili rellenos are exceptional. Bravo! The kitchen is clean as well and in full view. Definitely a plus.
5	I've been coming here for a while and I can't get enough of their yummy food! I LOVE the chicken chimichanga! When we come in, they know our order already! All the cooks are really nice. Highly recommend this place!
5	Simply put 3 days in the area, 4 trips to this restaurant! Just plain good food made fresh. Breakfast was a great start and dinner was great too. Will be back here for sure.
2	Was a fan until a bad experience. Attempted to call in an order for pick up, no answer. Placed order through drive thru. Was told that they're out of rice. Really? Mexican restaurant out of rice? Got home to find out that my order was incomplete (they forgot to include order of french fries), one of the combos was ordered no lettuce (lettuce was not held), and the side of nachos were old, stale, and cold.Will not risk this place again.
5	I've never had a problem my family loves this place when ever I'm in the area I stop by and the cooks are always pleasant and they work very fast
4	I've passed Santa Rosa many times in the past and have wondered if it was good. When Jessie B told me how much her husband and herself loved it I knew I had to give it a try. If you aren't looking for Santa Rosa you just might miss it. It's a tiny building in between a 7-11 and a boat shop. They even have a drive thru. Inside is your standard Mexican taco shop. I immediately saw they had a pastor Chimichanga that came with rice and beans. I also ordered a cheese enchilada and chicken taco combo for my mom. The pastor Chimichanga was crispy and covered in guacamole and sour cream. The pastor was tender and full of that chili lime flavor that I love. The beans and rice were perfect too. My mom's order was cheesy which she enjoyed. Her chicken taco also had great flavor.If you aren't feeling like getting out of your car Santa Rosa even has a drive thru. I can't wait to go back for another chimichanga. I've also heard they have a killer breakfast burrito! Yay for Santa Rosa! Yummy food and at prices that won't break the bank! Plus, it's right in my Hendertucky hood.
5	Excellent Menudo!
5	Fabulous food and super nice employees! Love love love!!! (This location is the BEST!)
