1	I've never been treated so poorly in my entire life by any store no matter what they were selling.  Nor have I ever been lied to so much and had people so unwilling to help me.I spoke with Verizon's corp center in which a supervisor had given me the address for this location and told me I was within my 14 days to return everything and cancel my contract.  I was told by 2 people at Verizon I was able to cancel my contract and i just needed to drive down and have them take it for me.  However when I got down there the company lied to me and told me that these two people put in the notes that they specifically told me i COULDN'T return the phone.Weird because when i called Verizon's corp center after leaving the store, they told me the notes actually indicated i was within my 14 days and i could return the phone.  They also informed me it reads specifically on Verizon's website in their customer agreement that i could cancel and return everything 14 days from ACTIVATION for full refund.However when i took my evidence down to the store they STILL refused to take it back.  So I told them to simply cancel the service, I'll sell the phone on ebay.  Well AJ is her name, and she "cancelled" my service alright.  I made her give me a receipt and had a witness drive down. AJ didn't really cancel anything, she put a FUTURE cancel date that way it would be outside of my 14 day window and I'd be forced to pay the term fees!!!  Not only that but the moment she approached me she started talking nasty to me about kicking me out of the store if I speak to her the way i spoke with someone on my PERSONAL phone conversation.  It's none of her business what i say to someone on a personal call, i could have found out my husband was cheating for all she knew.  And i was nothing but kind to the first two reps so i'm not sure why she had an attitude and assumed things about me.The so called manager mr McDonald was also RUDE towards me and still refused to let me return the phone even though company rules said i could.  I hope Verizon realizes the sort of people that are running their stores.I have to admit, there were 2 kind employees there out of the 5 I talked with. They seemed to think what was happening with me wasn't fair and they tried to secretly help me, but it's weird they were trying to do it behind their boss' back, like helping customers were against company policy. Some store manager that would fear his employees into treating customers like crap.I would say NEVER go to this store location and never go to Verizon period. Find any company on the planet but they don't deserve your money.  And if you must go to  Verizon, take your dollars and the commission to another store location, but this one does NOT deserve anything from anyone.  If anything they deserve an under cover agent from Verizon investigating the way they treat people.  Because I have friends with verizon and I've gone with them into Verizon stores, NEVER in my life have i been treated so poorly.
4	If I can avoid going into a Verizon store, I will, but the iPhone 4s was being released on October 14, and I couldn't wait. I called the Scottsdale Promenade store at 8:05 am and they didn't even answer the phone, so I called the Desert Ridge location. They picked up on the second ring. They assured me if I came in the morning, I would get a phone, but they couldn't promise one in the afternoon.  Since I was driving down towards Scottsdale to get on the 101, I drove by the Promenade. The line was at least 40 deep outside the store, so I headed over to Desert Ridge -- one person in line! They had employees outside handing out info sheets and forms to get you started. They were so upbeat and friendly. Really, was I at a Verizon store?When I got inside (they were letting in small groups at a time as people were leaving), they had another employee directing us to the new phone test area, where we could ask additional questions before being turned over to the sales rep. (And I had a lot of questions, since this is my first iPhone).Billy, my sales rep, was efficient and really patient with me. It was a pretty easy and quick process until we realized the keyboard on the phone didn't work. There was a process he had to go through to undo all the work he had done and then get me another phone. I am grateful I tried to use everything before I left the store. It just made my visit a little longer, but when I left, I felt confident that I could at least do the basics on my new phone.So happy with my new phone . . . total shock and awe with such a wonderful experience at the Verizon store. This will be my store of choice from now on!
1	What ever you do don't buy accessories cause they won't let return it or store credit after 14 days   Even if you just joined open 4 phones and bought 3 phones and you are only 2 days over your 14 days
4	I read other reviews about the customer service being very poor.  Our experiance was just the opposite.  We visited late in the evening, close to closing time, and there was no pressure for us to leave and come back.  As our visit was after an already long day, I was in a bit of a "punchy" mood and they took my ribbing well even listed my wife as "money penny" on thier little electronic waiting list thing a ma
1	Worst sales reps ever. This location gets worse and worse. Verizon store reps used to be helpful. Now they say they cannot do anything when it comes to existing phone problems. My phone quit, thought maybe it was the battery. They said "we have no batteries. I asked if they could pull the battery from the demo on display, the lady said "oh no, that would set off our alarm"?? What? They then suggested I go to Batteries Plus. I asked where it was and she said, go to the IPhone on display and ask "Suri" and she walked away? I went to the man there and he suggested I go to Best Buy or Frys and see if they had any used phones???? I told them I had an upgrade available on one of my 5 accounts and he said that is only good on a regular phone, not a Smart phone. Said it would cost me $400- $500???Anyway, I called Verizon. The VERY HELPFUL REP, said "no problem, you have an upgrade available, we will ship you out a new phone overnight- FREE.Why couldn't the employees at Desert Ridge do this???
5	People are always nice here. Always leave happy which is good. Good selection of phones and tablets to choose from if you are coming here to upgrade your phone. Employees are always smiling and asking if you need any help. The employees always know what they are talking about which is good to know that they aren't just making stuff up.
5	Went in to Verizon this morning and youalways have the dreaded wait!  Not so bad at all... about 15 minutes...perfect in book!  Enter ERIC ANGULO one of zee best Retail Business Associates I have worked with in ages.  ERIC ANGULO went above and beyond service waiting patiently for personal information needed from my husband who was not with me (and politely services others as we waited), to explaining the device and other devices I was interested in purchasing. With I must add again great patience and politeness. And then just as we thought we done he went thru my phone with me to be sure things transferred and to my surprise all photos did not due to not having the Verizon Cloud.  ERIC ANGULO to the rescue of my photos which are still being downloaded as I type.  This was totally above and beyond service. And I had an issue when I returned home and texted ERIC ANGULO and bam he resolved my issue instantly.  Who does that...yep ERIC ANGULO does.So bottom line to any and all customers looking for the most excellence in customer service should look no more and head on over to this Verizon location and ask for ERIC ANGULO...he is truly the description of a Retail Business Representative. Thank you ERIC ANGULO!
1	I wish I could give 0 star to this terrible Verizon store. One star is even too much. This is the worst experience I have ever had with any company. The rep was 1000 times worse than car salesmen Seriously, take my word for it and don't do any business with them.
5	I had such a horrible experience with Verizon by phone, I wasn't sure what to expect going to the store that day. I had the most wonderful,through,caring person that works for Verizon EVER, Eric A. He made sure I got everything I needed and most of all he explained everything. Plus he gave me a little instruction on my phone.  He also is trying to make himself available for when I bring my mom in to help her change phones! Best Customer Service I have ever received from any place and it was all ERIC!!
5	I want to give a big shout out to Will who works there! He cared more about helping us than anyone at that location has in the past. Even called me to let me know the status of our refund! I will always go there to look for him! They need to hire more guys like him! Also this location needs to start connecting a little more w it's customers and think more outside the box ! Like will calling me and letting know I could text him or call any time was a shock!!!
1	The manager at the store (Eric) was extremely rude and less than helpful when I went in seeking answers to simple questions. He told me he would get to me as soon as possible and stood by the door for 15 minutes waiting for customers to come in.. Doing nothing. He was a poor excuse for a manager and should lose his job! Never been treated so bad!!!
1	This place doesn't receive a star. I came into the store, going to order an iPhone 6. The next night I look at my receipt and are they ordered the iPhone 6 Plus. Called the customer service line and couldn't find my order. Called the store couldn't find it either. Then asked for a manager and he finally found it. He was extremely rude and hung up. I believe his name was Jim. Now my phone is coming 2 weeks later than before. Trying to get it as a birthday present, but what a bummer. Don't go to this location EVER. Don't have very good customer service and don't care. Spent a good 3 hours on on little mistake.
1	My moms phone just wouldn't turn on this morning. Came to Verizon for help and was helped by one of the rudest sales guys, Greg. His tone was out of control even when standing right next to the store manager. Even though she wasn't happy with his suggestion he was completely rude and straight faced. Stay awayyyy!!!
5	Actually greg IS NOT a bad sales rep. People need to realize that the sales reps can't do what you want them to do all the time. Verizon has its own policies. So if you don't get your way, don't take it out on the sales rep. The sales rep is there to help you to the best of their abilities. They're just doing their job. So be considerate of them. They are people too. Just like you.
