5	if your going to vegas and want to party, but dont know where to start, you should  hit these guys up.  Mr. Ken is the man, he can set you up a whole itinerary or get you in pretty much wherever you want to go in Vegas.I'm talking entrance, tables, bottles, transport and whatever else your precious heart so desires.   Even if partying is not your thing, he can get you show tickets, find you the best buffets, I MEAN ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING!!My friends and I just finished a bachelor party there and well...   another breath taking weekend.    just use your imagination on that one..Don't party in Vegas without a host, i've done it and its sooo much better with one, especially one like Ken.    we didnt have to wait for anything.
5	I don't usually write reviews so that should say something...if your planning a trip to Sin City anytime soon do yourselves a favor and call Vegas Party Scenes.  Ken and his staff of professionals will help you get the best no matter what you want to do.  Bottle Service, Club Entry w/ no lines, Room Discounts, Show Tickets, Dinner coupons and recommendations, Bachelor/Bachelorette parties....you name it they do it! Don't book with one of those imitation VIP services that just wants your money and could care less what you want.  Vegas Party Scene caters everything they do with a personal touch and every time I have booked with them they go out of their way to make your trip memorable and as fun as humanly possible!
5	Perfect company.  Definitely the one's to use whenever you need some form of concierge service when travelling to Vegas.  They are very professional, BBB accredited, polite, etc. which is something that can be hard to find for a company in Vegas specializing in nightlife promotions.
5	Vegas Party Scenes is the one stop shop for anything you need to have the time of your life in Vegas. You need Bottles, Entry, Limo, etc etc. They can and will provide. The past two Trips to Vegas have been the best two trips I have taken to Vegas and I used Vegas Party Scenes, coincidence? I THINK NOT!! Quit looking for a better deal, Their service, prices and hospitality are unmatched.
5	If you are someone who often experienced going to Vegas with terrible luck such as unable to enter clubs (due to whatever circumstances), unable to get last minute show tickets, being treated "unfairly" by host,,..etc. YOU ARE looking at the right company here!  Avoid the awkwardness in front of your friends if you are the planner of the trip by calling this company and the staff will help you through and accommodate your request! This company is sorted like an agent who would get you through many places that are difficult to get in to.   I had a bachelor party last summer and when all dude were clueless of where to go.... I called this company for help and they immediately arrange a limo ride and we entered the nightclub without getting in the usual long line at alllll. My friends were all impressed by it.. This company respects your inquiries and they will never deceive their customers.  Their services will make your Vegas trip flow smoothly than you ever experienced before..
5	Vegas Party Scenes has set the benchmark for all Vegas night life concierge services. The company delivers their consummate expertise from start to finish. I would highly recommend Vegas Party Scenes for all your future entertainment travels to Vegas.They are professional, BBB accredited, and experienced with years of operation. As a 20 year Nevada resident, I personally use them for every major event I host, ranging from fine dinning, shows, night clubs, suite reservations, etc.  The company can seriously work wonders with their exclusive connections!
5	This is a long overdue! I went to Vegas probably 2 years ago and called Ken to set us up with entrance to XS and other clubs. Ken was extremely professional, prompt, and told us honestly how much it would cost to get into these hot spots. I would definitly recommend anybody to call Ken whenever you are planning to come to Vegas to party!
