5	"Mimi's is a chain and they are all the same - however, some have better service than others.  That said, out of the two dozen times I have patronized them in over 8 locations, the service has been above average.  The food is great, the portions are very large, and very reasonably priced. My only complaint is that they have updated the menu and it doesn't list everything you can order now.  Favorite items include Blackened Chicken Tacos (not on the menu), Parmesan chicken, and Cobb salad (I recommend the mini unless you want a salad large enough for two).  They bring complimentary fresh bread (raisin walnut and sour dough) with your drinks.  They have the best muffins which are included with some meals.  (Their blueberry is incredible.)They understand that toddlers grow hungry quickly.  Depending on the server they will bring out crackers and cheerios with your drinks too (you can always ask if it isn't offered).  The kid's meals include gummy worms in chocolate pudding with Oreo crumbs - a hit with my kids.I frequently do meet at Mimi's for business lunches all over the valley and they are the best.  Mimi's has something for everyone.  Although they appear to be French, they have all cuisines so don't be fooled by the name.  My only complaint is that it is very busy and you can be stuck sitting next to a large group which can be loud.  One of my favorite values.  Very large portions, great bread, and reasonable prices.  (Reasonable in my opinion is $7 - 10 for an entree.)"
5	Oh, yummy. I know this is a chain, and while I typically avoid chain places like a cat avoids water, I actually really, really, really like this place. First time I went was with family. We helped ourselves to chips, salsa, calamari and the unique variety of bread they serve. All very satisfying.Then I had the BBQ Burger. Oh my, heaven slapped between two buns. Bacon on top. Bliss. It was too massive for me to finish, so I took it home. Then, dessert. Banana Foster pie, that's all I gotta say. Scrumptious. My dad had the bread pudding - meh. My second trip here was with a friend - the afternoon before our 5K race. I helped myself to the Tuna Salad Sandwich (topped with avocado) with a requested 4 slices of bacon. Superb. It came served with fries.Upon my request, a plate of fresh fruit come out before lunch. Melon. Oranges. Pineapple. Delicious! And it won't break your bank. Between paying for myself, my friend and leaving a generous tip, the tally came to $30. I will definitely be back. In fact, some days I find myself craving Mimi's. Maybe it's the "quaint" feel or the insanely expansive menu, but I just like this place. The menu is so expansive, everyone in your dining party is sure to find something s/he likes - including beer.
4	I'm wary of anything that tries to pass itself off as "Nawlins" style food.  Mimi's may be a chain, but for all that, the food is quite good and reasonably priced.  If you're feeling the urge on a Sunday, let me recommend you call ahead for takeout.  They do a wonderful job and it will travel at least a good 15 minutes without becoming too cold.  Hey if you want to go spend your time waiting with all the other people in their "I just got out of church" outfits, go right ahead.  I'd rather book it to a park than stand around waiting for my name to be called.You'll find the usual heart attacks on a plate for breakfast which is my favorite thing to order here.  Personally, I'm a dirty little whore for the Pain Perdu.  Is it the french toast? The cream cheese? The marmalade?  Taken separately, any one of these is a temptation that can be resisted.  Throw them together, and I would totally stick check your grandmother and mine if they were between me and my Pain Perdu.  Hyperbole? Perhaps, but I'm telling you -  This stuff is love on a plate.  LOVE.  Get it inside of you.  It will make you giddy.  Better looking, smarter, charming, successful.  Or at the very least fat.I could talk about the deliciousness of the Crab Cake Benedict, The Breakfast Quiche, the fresh squeezed orange and grapefruit juice, but I won't do it.  That would only distract you from the Pain Perdu.  Lunch and dinner are acceptable.  I like the salads, and the frisco burger, but there's nothing that really gets me all hot and bothered the way the Pain Perdu does.Say it with me, "I'll have the Pain Perdu"
4	I've been here twice on friday's for lunch, were always seated right away. The food is good, great portions and the price is reasonable. Staff well is up in the air first time the waitress suck, messed up part of are order refills took for ever, but 2nd time different waitress, was awsome, quick , nice helpful on the menu and the place was packed. So for that and the food I'd go back.
5	I have to say I am not a big Valentine's fan. I don't like Hallmark holiday's. We ended up by chance going to MiMi's for Valentine's Day and they had a great menu and price for that menu for the evening. I am just impressed by their service, portion size and just the overall experience. I just love this place.
4	This is my first time at Mimi's, the lemonade is to die for, the breads are warm and wonderful. The service, well I wont lie, it took a good 6 minutes to get noticed and to be greeted. The wait time for the food wasn't bad at all. I had no problem, I love it..Absolutley great!
4	Weekly brunch #4 brought my friend and me to Mimi's Cafe today.  First off, let me say it is SO cute!  It's got this French sort of theme going on, and upon walking in, you feel a little Euro flair.  It was kind of strange because there wasn't really a hostess, so people were just kind of milling around the entryway, but someone would occasionally come by and seat people, so there wasn't really a wait.  The food options are really great here, and they have a seasonal menu from which I ordered the pumpkin pancakes.  I recommend.  They come topped with caramelized cinnamon apples.  My friend got the blueberry stuffed French toast, which is French toast stuffed with blueberry cream cheese and topped with some other fruit stuff, and he said it was really good, too.  Per tradition, my friend also ordered a side of potatoes, and what we liked about these potatoes was that they weren't hashed.  They were diced red potatoes, and they were seasoned so that you didn't even need any ketchup.  They were soft where they needed to be and crispy in just the right places.  We ranked the potatoes in the top two on the list of Best Brunch Potatoes.  What's nice about Mimi's Cafe:1. Jamie, our waitress, was super friendly and super speedy at coming around to top off our coffees (sidenote: the coffee, depending on what batch you get, might be a bit watered down).2. If you get the breakfast (with a side of eggs and either bacon or sausage) and don't go a la carte, you also get a glass of juice with the meal as part of the breakfast.3. The ambience is really cute and comfortable and family-friendly.  It's a place I would like to take my older parents when they come to visit.  4. Prices are great especially if you decide to go with the full breakfast option.There WAS a little mix up at the end with my credit card not being returned to me when I paid, but when I brought it up to the restaurant people, they quickly apologized and was able to find it and return it to me.  People make mistakes, so I won't count the incident against them.  Also something to note: I'm not sure how crowded they get during peak hours, but my friend and I went around 10:30, which was a great time to go.  The restaurant itself wasn't totally packed, even though the parking lot would make you think otherwise.  That parking lot was kind of small, but it's not a deal-breaker, especially cuz there's a ton of parking across the street on the mall side if you're willing to walk (I, apparently, was not).
4	I like coming to Mimi's because it is owned by Bob Evans, which we do not have here in the desert. The food is traditional comfort food and always good. The highlight for me is the carrot raisin bread. I never order dessert because the bread could quality own its own as a dessert.I ordered the meatloaf sandwich - it came sliced in half with a side of onion rings. I could only eat the one half. Nice portions. I noticed on the menu a drink called Pom Zero. That was new to me - pomegranate juice mixed with Sprite Zero. It could a nice spritzer - and I had about 6 of them. The service was very good. Our waitress was always there to see if we wanted anything and the drinks kept flowing. At times I had half a glass and one in reserve. I also like the New Orleans deco and the feel of the restaurant. I didn't notice it on the menu this time, but in the past I ordered the grilled vegetable stack sandwich - that is incredible! If it's there, give it a shot!!
5	Mimis Cafe! Mi mi mi mi! I remember the first time I went to a Mimis, I was about this tall and lived in Orange County, CA with me Ma and seesters sometime in the midst of the harrowing hell that was the Reagan era. Punk rock ruled the hearts and Duran Duran ruled music television and BMW's painted the streets (doesn't anyone buy American anymore?). I think we had ditched my Da or he was out on some sort of alcoholic binge somewheres of a seedier nature surrounded by other people with like fuzzy boundaries, cold dark and rainy. Mimis was a warm blanket on that cold dark rainy day. The smell was a slap my face telling me what is fine and good and worthy of respect. Comfort in a sometimes seemingly uncomfortable existence (it's not really, relax people. unless you got a real corker and need a laxative or somethin'). The other day for lunch walking through the doors with a good friend reminded me of that first day. Mmmmm... yes please, I'd like some more tea. I was prepared for breakfast, eggs Benedict, but we didn't arrive until after noon. :(  So after pouting I chose the turkey pistachio salad on croissant and an order of onion rings with blue cheese, jogging with a tasty cigarette. Yah? Well I was rushed OK. The sammich was well built and tasted of fowl-ly and fruity goodness. The onion rings and blue cheese were sinfully handled into my belly. I think the old bat sitting in the next booth got a little flush, oh my goodness that's not how you're supposed to eat. Oh yah! pre-sandwich my friend ordered a bran muffin! Her muffin was delicious, especially after I buttered it. I ate most of half of it and then save a bite or 2 for dessert. She also had a salad with blue cheese vinaigrette, I think. I was too frantic about choosing my own lunch to hear what she had ordered but gods almighty it was scrumptious. I wanted to lick the bowl.  The service is regular as a healthy baby and as right as rain and this time was no exception. I think I had a gallon of tea in a pint glass that never reached the bottom. And smiles and how do you do's and thank you's littered the place. With bill paid we headed out and grabbed bigger handfuls of even more chocolaty mints than we had on the way in and ran and giggled all the way to the car.And 5 stars for the overall experience, nostalgia included.
4	I like the free basket of carrot bread.  You can even get it for breakfast if you just ask.  The service is good.  The prices are good.  The food is good.
3	I used to be a regular visitor to Mimi's, both for breakfast and for dinner, but lately I can't stand to go there. Too many poor experiences have colored what good things I have to say with them.The GOOD: The food is typically and consistently good. Some of the gems on the menu are the turkey dinner, the onion soup, and the scallops with mushroom ravioli. The bread -- carrot walnut, dinner rolls, and occasionally banana -- are a treat.The BAD:The service is horrific. A couple of waitresses are ok, but most are slow. They regularly screw up orders and make us wait forever for a first greeting at the table or a drink refill.The seating is also frequently a problem. We (two adults) have been seated at a small table between two big tables full of screaming kids, despite the restaurant being only half full. The half-moon shaped tables are also very uncomfortable because they are too big for the booth space. You are guaranteed to end up sitting on (and pulling out) the too-long table cloths.Some of the food is an issue. They rely too heavily on Thousand Island dressing (which is awful in a breakfast sandwich). Other dishes do not have all their ingredients revealed on the menu -- such as green onions, which my boyfriend hates, and nuts, which I can't eat.Overall, Mimi's is ok for an occasional meal during a quiet hour, but I wouldn't recommend them to anyone.
1	We went to MiMi's for dinner...after being seated, we waited 15 minutes for water and the bread, which was cold.  Our order was taken, then the manager came to tell us that they were out of Chicken-fried steaks, and our waitress would be back to take our order, again.  10 minutes after that, the waitress came back, and took our orders.  After 45 minutes, we still hadn't received our meal. When we asked, she said that the manager was aware of the "problem", and would bring our meal out herself.  We waited another 5 minutes, then just got up and left.   We went to Village Inn, at Dobson and Southern, was promptly seated and given water and menus ... within 5 more minutes, we placed our order for chicken-fried steak dinners, received our appetizers and then  our meals before we could make a dent in the soup and salad.  Jamie, our waiter, was awesome.  He got the gratuity that the Mimi's waitress blew.  Don't bother with Mimi's....go on down the street to Village Inn for that comfort food dinner!!!  This wasn't the first bad experience with Mimi's, at a different location...they regularly run out of menu entrees.
5	My favorite thing to get at Mimi's is their hot chocolate 'bucket'. It is the best in town (from a connoisseur like me!)
4	My first trip to Mimi's. Nothing spectacular really. Just your average chain store eatery. The waiter who was also the bar tender, was sorta serious. A smile would have certainly added to my dinner experience. Anyway, the restaurant wasn't too full, despite it being a Saturday night. Not that I'm complaining! I ordered chicken crepe with garden salad and tomato basil soup (which tasted suspiciously like my bottled spaghetti sauce--warmed!) and my friend got grilled salmon with a side of brown rice. We got bread and sweet pumpkin with a creamy dip to begin the meal. I'm watching my weight, so I didn't want to stuff myself with the bread, but it was hard to keep my hands off it. The crepe was drowned in lemon cream sauce---I should have remembered to ask for it on the side. They tasted good, though. The salmon was perfectly flavored--not too overwhelmed with spices, not too bland, and just the right amount of juice in it. They have a really big menu, and I wanted to try more items. I think I will be back. Just wish to be served with a smile the next time round :)
2	Of all the Mimi's I've been to in the Valley, this location could stand some improvements here and there... the female greeters at the front door are very nice and welcoming... although some of the male staff seemed to be put off my having to take our order (at approx. 4pm when not busy)... then, he brough plain iced tea and threw down 2 straws and walked away... we actually ordered the raspberry and there was no lemon... quite a while later, when he set down the check without asking if we'd like more, we asked for a refill with the correct tea... he just walked away as if was put out to do his job... we looked at the check and for $2.59/each drink it seemed rather high... that reminded us that earlier in the week when we stopped in for lunch, the waitress charged us each for 2 refills... wow!  Won't be going back to this location again, and will definitely ask if there's a fee for refills if make it back to any of the other newly-renovated locations.  For the prices, which granted is good consistent quality food, down't seem like too much to expect free refills.
3	Waffle and banana chocolate chip pancakes are good. Service not so good. Had to wait for about two minutes for the hostess to show up. Waitress didn't smile at all :(
3	I've eaten here a couple times, once for breakfast and once for dinner.  The food is good but overpriced for the amount you get.  The employees were nice and the service was fast.
3	Ah... there's nothing like going to an old people's restaurant to make me feel young again. My 8 year old daughter just completed her AIMS testing this week and to celebrate she wanted to go to Mimi's Cafe. Now that I think about it, she also chose this place to go to for her 6th birthday....I knew there was a reason why I called her my "little old lady" this whole time...When we got to the restaurant the hostess sat the three of us at a small table right in the middle of a pretty empty room. What few people were there got to sit in the booths so I already felt uncomfortable and a bit agitated over that. The waitress that served us was nice though.I've been here a few times before and thought the food was good, but this time around it just OK. I ordered their salmon that came with brown rice and vegetables and it didn't have any flavor to it, although to be fair, I did order it off of their "Fresh & Fit" section, where all the choices offered are 650 calories or less. The friend I was with ordered the "Golden Seafood Duo", which came with 1 (right, 1) small piece of beer-battered fish and 3 tiny little pieces of shrimp and some sides. He thought it was good, for what little he had.Besides those two dishes, I really do enjoy their french onion soup and the mini bread basket they give you. If I ever come here next time I think I'll just load up on that. Sweet carbs and salt....yum yum yum
4	You can't go wrong with Mimis Cafe. The whole family should be able to find something they like there. I had the Turkey Pesto Ciabatta sandwich and I loved it so much I went back a day later to get another. Service was great, the waitress was very nice and friendly. If you can't decide where to eat, decide on Mimis Cafe.
1	The service was a failure from the get go. It seems as if the store is understaffed or in need of better direction. The store was not busy but still had trouble finding us a table in a restaurant that was maybe at 50 percent capacity. The server was horrible!!!! Apart from taking the order and bringing us our food she fell far short of providing any type of customer service. As my wife was holding our child, the server asked her to hand her plates.WOW! She was rude and insensitive in a customer service position.  On top of that she threw down the bill at the end of our dinner and said take your time. Usually I tip 25 percent but this is the first time I have ever left nothing. Also the first time complaining to management and I do not even think he cares either. Offered us a desert card and a laugh, and we declined both. NO APOLOGY from him  for anything.  Thanks for ruining dinner, fathers day dinner and the night because now I feel guilty for not tipping. Shawn(manager) and  Jenifer(server) need some serious improvement in the ability to work in a customer service related position.
2	the only thing that's even halfway decent here is breakfast. don't order dinner here unless you have self respect issues.they have good toast.sad that this is all i have to say, isn't it?  that's really how i feel.
4	I like Mimi's mainly for 2 things - their breakfasts, which are a good value and feature several items they do well that Brak likes - eggs benny, with nice thick ham slices, and good bacon.  Too many restaurants serve crummy bacon, and that can ruin an otherwise good breakfast.  I also really like the turkey dinner they serve, and occasionally the Asian chicken salad.  For a chain operation, it's pretty decent stuff, and the quality is very consistent, even across locations.  They fall short of 5 stars for inconsistent service.  Occasionally it's great, most of the time it's ok, and occasionally it's really bad.  But the food always meets expectations.
3	The breakfast was good, good selection, good food. The prices are a little steep for what you get compared to other breakfast places. The service was also a little slow, it took me 20 minutes to get a coffee refill and the place wasn't that busy. Also, when I asked for a box, that took a long time as well. Overall, just average food and service.
4	The food was good - I love their corn chowder!  This time I had a half sandwich and cup of soup.  They no longer provide complimentary bread unless you ask for it ... Which I think is pretty smart financially and so many people are still trying to cut out calories.  Speaking of ... the half sandwich was still 388 calories ... I can have a turkey bagel thin at Einsteins for only 270 calories and feel more full.
4	I've been here several times now (all for breakfast) so this review does not cover their lunch or dinner offerings.Pros:Staff have all been very friendly and helpful. (Always a plus)Haven't had to ask for more coffee yet. They have been pretty good about anticipating the need for a "top off"Awesome muffins! I'm a bran muffin fan (I know... I know...) and I really enjoyed theirs. Blueberry muffin was great alsoLots of breakfast options, from french toast, pancakes, waffles and omelettes to multiple types of quiche as well as a few different eggs benedict options, and crepes.Also has a lighter menu with less fat and more fresh fruit options.Cons:A little more expensive than your usual breakfast place, but not by much.Bad experience with their cinnamon brioche roll. Came out dry and stale, and not nearly as warm as I'd have liked.Although some might find it a little over the top. I love the faux-french decor, signs, and other little accouterments to be a nice touch, so plus points from me for the ambiance. To sum up, I like this place quite a bit... and would definitely consider becoming a regular customer.
2	Food is good but the portions are small.  Prices are on the expensive side considering how little you get.  I'm not saying that I would never go back...but Mimis won't be on my list to visit again anytime soon.
5	Even though this is a chain and we tend to support local indies,  my family loves it here and we will keep going back. The service is always spot-on and the ambience is always pretty quiet and pleasant.I suggest the asiago spaghetti with chicken and artichokes or the turkey sandwich.  I've tried most menu items and have never been disappointed.For dessert, you must try the bread pudding.  I've found myself trying to replicate it at home to no avail.  We've also had Mimi's "To Go" family dinners. They've been a god-send on busy nights and we usually have leftovers the next day.  Also, their holiday meals are SUPER-CHEAP, usually around $80 and those easily feed 6-8 people.  I'm a Mimi's holiday meal convert now.
5	I have been here about 10 times now.  Every time has been a really good experiance.  Lots of parking in the lot. A very friendly staff.  The place is decorated very nicely as well.   THe food is always very good. Salads, soups, and wonderful dinners.One of the best things here is they wonderful bread basket. It has a dessert type bread in there as well. Which every time is Great!  All of this and if you can believe it, coupons all the time. Some times they are in the newspaper. But, mostly online. If you sign up for the emails they will send you lots of coupons.
4	Went here with friends for breakfast.  Since we were a group we waited for a booth, although there were several open tables, but not quite comfortable for us so it was worth the wait.  Our food took about average time to arrive and was hot or cold as it should be according to what was ordered.  We were attended to periodically by a nice server, not too much attention nor too little.Overall I would say average, but the food was really good and worth another star. Since we got into a booth off the main room it was much quieter and a nice breakfast venue.  This was a Saturday, not sure how Sunday goes.  We will be back.
3	We have been here many times, and every time really enjoyed it.This time however, is the rating for our server. My girlfriend,having worked in many restaurants says this is one of the worst experiances ever! I have to agree.Our Server Tracy,was not having her day at all. I don't know if she was mad to be there, or she did not feel well, or what it was.  She never brought us the bread basket and when we asked for it, she brought it right before the meal was over. It had one roll, and one very small piece of the cake bread they serve. If you have been to Mimi's you know the bread is a big plus. She never took away the dirty dishes and slammed the plates on the table when she brought them. She never even refilled our drinks. THe manager was doing a drive by and asked if Tracy was taking care of us. We had to say well, we would like more drinks please.We were watching the other servers give great customer service as they always do there. We just got the one server that did not want to be there. Customer service can make or break your experiance any where you go.We were not feeling it. We will go back, but make sure never to get this server Tracy.
4	Food ans service was great.... But no public wifi and the ac in the restraint was too high and caused both of my aunts feeling so cold. As well I felt cold in the restraint as well....  Turn down the ac and provide wifi...
4	I've always thought that Mimi's Cafe was for girls and for grandmas. But I'm glad I let my wife talk me into going here after getting out of a quinceanera mass, because one, we were starving, and two, the food and service were outstanding! Let me begin by saying, it is always nice when the service is so good that you almost don't have to ask for anything. Service wasn't overbearing, but it was nice to know that they appreciated your busines and wanted to make sure that you didn't go without anything.It just so happened that it was our server's very first day on the job (no waiting experience whatsoever I might add) so we got to break in a newbie. He didn't take our order, because he was busy with another customer, but he told us he was busy and he'd come back, but one of his co-workers took our order instead. Nice save Mimi's, nice save. With our orders taken and drinks served, our over eager newbie thought I had water, and served my more water. However, I was drinking Sprite, not water! I told him so, and without hesitation, he brought me out a fresh Sprite. No apology necessary, as the problem was quickly fixed, but he did so anyway.Moving on, the other server, not our newbie had messed up our son's order, as he ordered mini cheeseburgers and apple sauce off the kids menu and was brought a grilled cheese instead, and because of that, the general manager brought us out a 4-pak of their delicious muffins  for "our troubles and inconveniences" and apologized for the aforementioned troubles and inconveniences and for the newbie's first day, but we were quick to point out that it wasn't the newbie's fault and that he had fixed his mistakes promptly, but hid the muffins before they decided to take them back! LOL. Awesome! Never in my life have I had an establishment go above and beyond to rectify their "poor service" so quickly, but Mimi's, you guys raised the bar and I will never forget my first dining experience here!Moving on to the food, I had the Cobb salad, asked for ranch instead of blue cheese dressing, and for the blue cheese on the side. That's exactly what I got, and you can't beat a simple salad with fresh ingredients like the salad I was given. Everything equally portioned, not one ingredient over powering the other. My daughter's grilled cheese was rather tasty for being a simple grilled cheese and I'd recommend the Mediterreanean chicken pasta that my wife had which was outstanding! I'd also recommend the honey bran muffin which was perfectly baked!
3	Great place for a reasonably priced breakfast or lunch. They love us seniors!
5	If you have Jodi Arias work schedule from Jan 2008, you should get them to Juan Martinez at the Mesa, AZ prosecutor office.   Justice for Travis
5	1st visit to Mimis Cafe and what a 1st Impression they left on me. First of all, I really liked the decor (New Orleans style), especially the lamp (in the waiting area) made from a real trumpet. Our server Mindy was AWESOME and completely welcoming & friendly. It was like you were out-of-state visiting family. As for the food, I had the french toast and eggs, with blueberries & bananas. While they gave me syrup, I never used it.....the french toast was THAT good, it didn't need it. My daughter had the quiche, which was very rich in flavor. Coffee was ok, but that was the only item that did not match up with the service, ambiance, and food. This place definitely deserves a return trip (actually this Monday). YOU have to try Mimis Cafe!
2	We went to Mimi's because other times the food and service has been exceptional.  This time however the server was rude and seemed not to care about us at all!  She walked away abruptly before we had completely given her our order.  When my food arrived it was not correct.  Instead of offering to make it correct she argued with me about "that's always the way it comes out."  When I mentioned to her that it was not what had been stated on the menu she said that she would have to get the manager.  By the time he came over we were half way through our meal.  A replacement meal for me meant that I would be eating alone and my family would be sitting there with nothing to do.  Another point of contention: As we were waiting for the waitress to come take our order we could hear the manager correcting her for something - loudly!  Very UN-professional to correct an employee where guests can hear.  It made us all very uncomfortable!  It will take quite a lot for me to consider going back to this Mimi's!  When a restaurant doesn't really take care of its guests it is a sure sign they don't want my money.  There are plenty of mediocre restaurants around - I want one that is great!
1	Seriously poor service! After receiving our food we sat there for 25 minutes waiting for anybody who worked at the place to give us a fork as our food got cold. The manager said it wasn't acceptable that we didn't have forks and she would get them for us right away that never happened, she walked off and disappeared. Others who were sitting next to us were seated and didn't receive their drinks for over 20 minutes. The sad thing is it wasn't even busy.  Even after another manager came over apologized and comped our meal which was nice of him, we still had empty glasses of water the rest of our stay. I used to love this place and love the food here but with this service, I don't knowSeriously poor service! After receiving our food we sat there for 25 minutes waiting for anybody who worked at the place to give us a fork as our food got cold. The manager said it wasn't acceptable that we didn't have forks and she would get them for us right away that never happened, she walked off and disappeared. Others who were sitting next to us were seated and didn't receive their drinks for over 20 minutes. The sad thing is it wasn't even busy.  Even after another manager came over apologized and comped our meal which was nice of him, we still had empty glasses of water the rest of our stay. I used to love this place and love the food here but with this service, I don't know
3	This was my first time trying this place! I would say its pretty decent I had the sandwich and soup lunch . My sammy was delish and my tomato basil bisque was enjoyable. Nothing really blew my socks off but nothing was bad. My point is you'll get a good meal but you wont be craving it later.
5	The food is great & the service is even better.  I highly recommend this place.
4	Haven't been in several years, and I was really surprised to see how the menu has grown and improved. I'll probably be coming back a few more times to try out all the things I didn't order. Friendly staff, and food quality that you'd expect from a chain.
1	Ok, so I understand that if you're over the age of 60, this is probably the place for you. But for those of us who are not baby boomers, this place leaves a LOT to be desired.The service is sloooow- I guess they figure EVERYONE is retired but some of us actually have schedules to keep and would like our food served promptly. When the food actually arrived, it was mediocre at best and the portions were way small. The waitress seemed haggard and looked like she would rather be any where else on earth than working at this joint. So, all in all, this place is pretty horrible- slow service, tiny portions of bland food, and unfriendly servers. Go somewhere else if you're not an octogenarian.
1	Have to say this use to be a fairly decent restaurant, it seems however, when they removed some of their better meals from the menu, they also removed the flavor and customer service, bad food, bad service, sorry to say it was our last visit!
4	I often stop here for lunch when I am in the area of West Mesa. I love their Cobb Salad...chopped very fine with lots of blue cheese crumbles and avocado (my favorite parts of a Cobb!) I have them 'toss' it for me...much easier to eat that way. It comes with your choice of muffin...and they are so HUGE I save it for breakfast the next day! I also go to the Mimi's in Chandler...just as good. They also have good weekend breakfast/brunches. I like that their only advertisement is 'word of mouth' and the word is...yummy!
4	Enjoyed the food and the fresh bread n rolls are good too. The French onion soup is excellent. Not alot of places that I know or like have good French onion soup. The food selection is good,alot of choices. Service a bit slow at times. But,oh well nobody's perfect. Accept me,ha.
1	Used to go here quite often, but the food and atmosphere has changed dramatically. The portions are very small for the price. Had a small salad and a muffin and it was over $10! Will not be coming back.
4	They're a little bit on the pricier side of things but this place serves an awesome breakfast, and the staff is very friendly and professional .
3	Pretty good breakfast, but nothing unique.
1	Went for breakfast last Saturday and arrived at 7AM.  Doors didn't open until 7:05.  Kind of late for a weekend breakfast.  We hadn't been there for a while and decided we would treat ourselves to a nice breakfast out.  I love Eggs Benedict so I ordered the Croissant Benedict thinking I would get a nice soft croissant instead of the usual hard English Muffin.  I was wrong!  You only get 1/2 the croissant, and that was barely there.  And, it was fried or something because it was so greasy you could barely tell what it was.  The potatoes were greasy, too.  Had indigestion the rest of the day!  Also tried a Pumpkin Pancake - that was tasteless and dry.  My husband didn't like his food, either.  The waitress was nice but mechanical.  Seemed like she wanted to be anywhere but there.  I heard her tell another table that Mimi's had recently been sold to another company.  It must not be a restaurant-type company because they have really let it go downhill.  Not much for muffins.....where was all the great bakery they used to have?  They need a huge makeover - and to change their grease!!!  We won't be going back.  $27 is too high for breakfast that tasted terrible.
2	Hsd not been here for a long while, but received a coupon (first warning) for the revised menu. I will say I am not a fan. The idea here is they went back to a more "traditional" french menu. The names to all the items are in French, not sure that's going to win anyone over. If anything it pushed people to dishes they are familiar and comfortable with, which then leads to the kitchen running out, ex. The Turkey dinner. I believe they are missing the mark over all a d it may be some time again before I return.
4	Upon arrival I was greeting by the nice hostess. I said "seat for one please" and she tried to seat me in a booth made for 4people. Apparently they are fresh out of 1person seating. Ha, I liked the space. I decided to eat at the bar. Menu was like a plain bagel. I decided on the classic burger but then changed to the 2egg breakfast after looking at the breakfast menu. Delicious came to mind after I devoured my plate. Price was reasonable.  Atmosphere was a classical feel, nice piano music playing. I wouldn't bring kids here unless they're teens. I foresee little kids screaming and asking for the iPad to play with as this is not a joint for them. I came for brunch and 90% of the patrons were 70yrs or older. Definitely an elderly established place. Deserts looked very enticing but I forged a wall between me and my stomach and took the high road home. Overall, a decent joint but lack of menu and ease of reading it gives it a 4.
1	The meal chosen was tasty but I will not be returning.  As a first time patron, I was given free muffins, with extra protein...a bug crawled out of one of the muffins. Not sure if trying to sue them is worth the time or money so I just won't return and I'll share the video with others so they are informed. It doesn't allow me to attach the video. The muffin may have been carrot, not sure.
1	Menu changed and the food is horrible and horribly overpriced. They are trying to go with a French flair and failed. DO NOT GO HERE. Gross!!
1	We received the email tonight announcing the return of some old favorites from the original Mimi's menu.  This was a "Yippee and Whoo Hoo" moment for us, as our last trip to Mimi's was very disappointing.  We had decided we would not be returning after a date night at Mimi's served up brisk, rushed service and a new menu with some favorite dinners selections no longer offered.  We are not sure why Mimi's felt the need to fix "what clearly was not broken," but are very glad that they listened to either the customer complaints or their change in income.  I'm sure the star rating will improve on our next date night at Mimi's.  As Arnie says....."we'll be back."
3	It's not bad, and the walnut strawberry salad was decent. Really busy during rush hour, and hard to find parking unless you go across the street to the mall parking.
1	pouched eggs are totally raw eggs. Long long waiting time for breakfast after beverages. Served obviously rotten strawberry.
2	I came here for lunch with a friend and her two boys.  Service was okay.  Food was kind of meh.  They seemed to have reduced their menu from what I recall.  I got the chicken salad sandwich.  It was chunks of chicken on a bread that wasn't that great. I don't live in the area but i probably wouldn't come back. In fact, I won't be back to the Mimi's in my home state either.  Their menu is really not suited to the type of place this is.  It is owned by Bob Evans lol
2	Normally I love them especially for breakfast but at this location the service is a bit slow and seems a bit understaffed. We ended up leaving w/out desert or coffee just because the waiter was too busy (not his fault just way understaffed)
1	I have since found out that Bob Evans sold this off and they have gone to a more French menu.  This explains the reduction of choices.  I am not impressed and will likely never go to Mimi's again unless there is a change in the menu.
5	Excellent place for Mothers DayReservation helped a lot and we were seated close to our time Staff is great under fire, extremely busy but service goes smoothlyVery pleasant and upbeat, great kidsFood was great , pot pie a winner as usualBravo Mimi's Mesa Alma School!!
4	Really enjoyed it. We were starving, the three of us left to go exploring without a proper breakfast and by about 11:00am were ready to start chewing on the seats of the rental car. We found this place food came out fast and all was right in the world again. We all had French onion soup, my wife had a grilled cheese, I had a burger and our friend had some kind of chicken sandwich thing. Everything was cooked right, no complaints which is saying something for our hungry little group. The manager came around and gave us a couple free muffins to take home since it was our first time there. We also got a 12 pack of croissants to go that were great, insuring that we had a little more to eat before we left in the mornings for the rest of our trip. This place was exactly what we needed, a nice little discovery.
5	Great service, creative menu and a beautiful atmosphere all compliment the great tasting foods we had at MiMi's in Mesa!
4	It has been over 10 years since I have been to Mimi's. My husband recommended it because he knows how much I love eggs benedict, but I must admit, I was skeptical. The last time I was here it was just OK, so I wasn't expecting much. However, my mind was totally blown by the eggs benedict. They are quite easily better than T.C. Egggintons, and about $4 cheaper. The eggs were perfectly poached, I mean PERFECT! The Capital Grille couldn't even poach an egg at Easter brunch as good as this place. I think we very well might have a new Sunday tradition after church. The service was prompt and friendly and the food was delicious!
3	Always a good choice. Service is VERY slow but the corn chowder makes up for it. Good menu choices and staff seems to always be friendly. They also have good breads and muffins. Good place for any of the 3 meals.
4	Best turkey dinner in AZ. The atmosphere is nice and the food is a reasonable price. Be careful, it can get crowded. I wish I could tell you more about other dishes, but the turkey dinner is good that is all I ever get from here. I just can't get enough. Real turkey, real cranberry sauce, yum.
3	Stopped in for dinner 9/5/14My bacon avocado sour dough  burger was good and their hand made fries are excellentMy girlfriends onion soup was questionable at best and they were nice enough not to charge us and gave us 2 blueberry muffins.My girlfriends steak and fries was good as wellDOMONIQUE was a great waitress!Not so good......the place smells like an old folks home!!
5	I took my 12-year-old grandson here on Saturday he got the Apple and bacon waffles that came with the side of eggs and bacon I could not believe he ate the entire thing but said it is now his favorite restaurant I got the veggie omelette and it was awesome we will be back
3	This is a 1 star review on the food, literally every dish was sub par or just bad.  The French onion soup tasted like they used tap water to make it.  The tomato/mozzarella salad had unripe, flavorless tomatoes and miniscule cheese balls.  Club sandwich was bland.  The customer service raises this to 3 stars.  The manager actually tasted the food and thanked us for the feedback.
2	This recent visit (9/13/2014) was because I received a BOGO coupon through my email and thought it was a great deal. I visited this location awhile back when I lived nearby and thought might as well go again since I remember it being good.. wrong.Sad to say it wasn't the same, it was far from it. First off at 8:30am on a Saturday morning it was rather empty, that should have been our first clue. Second, the hostess (older lady with glasses) was rather indifferent about us being there. She looked me up and down, then said " just two?", without so much as a Hi or welcome attached. That was the only glance we got our way while she wiped stains off the menus and made smacking sounds with her gum..oh and can't forget the awkward silence before she finally said to follow her. After she sat us down, my boyfriend commented to me about her not even looking as us. He was rather annoyed at the unfriendly greeting and it kind of ruined the start of our breakfast on a beautiful Saturday morning. Thankfully, what changed the mood for the better was our server, she was what you'd expect a hostess to be. She was friendly, conversational and made us finally feel welcome. For awhile she made us forget about the rude person in the front. So onto our food experience: Our food was alright, not amazing.. I'm not sure what changed with this place, but something is different. No complaints about the food, it was average and came out like we ordered. I've definitely had more memorable food.. hehe i'm a breakfast lover..When we finished, we felt satisfied and happy with the service from our server.... but as we were leaving we passed the hostess again... and well she was filing her nails by the hostess stand near the menus and only looked up to say "thanks for coming" then looked back down without even stopping what she was doing.. That is grooosssss, but at least she looked at us this time..I really hope the managers actually read these reviews, because if they cared about customer service and hospitality they would make changes. This experience makes me not want to come back, the BOGO was not worth it. Can you imagine how far her fingernail shavings flew around inside?By the way... I recommend Sunny's Diner in Tempe. 10x better than this place and half the price.
2	First time here in a very long time, service was good, food was just OK. Probably won't be back, too many other eateries in Mesa to try.
2	My rating is based upon the pushy server a few weeks ago.  It was roughly 8pm and because I was the last table for the waitress, she first implied and then directly told me to speed things up.  At mid-meal she brought a plastic container (with lid) of iced tea as if I ordered a tea to go (with half my food still on the plate).  Bringing the check, she asked me to pay immediately because she was leaving------I said "Don't you close at 10pm?"  My guess is she is probably a good server and very efficient, but if she is starting to boss customers around, then it's going to send people away who may not come back (there are a lot of places to eat).....
5	I was in Mesa and I was looking for a restaurant around Alma School and I stopped at Mimi's Cafe and I tried there sandwich it was really good I will go there again....
3	Mimi's Cafe is New Orleans themed restaurant that serves American cuisine. They offer happy hour specials all day - all glasses of wine are $5. For non-alcoholic beverage, I'd recommend the Arnold Palmer.  After placing our order, the server brought us a basket of bread which consisted of two mini baguette and two slices of banana bread. For dinner, we shared a Warm Spinach Artichoke Dip, Grilled Chicken Caesar Salad, and French Pot Roast. The Spinach Artichoke Dip was served hot and runny. It was rich and creamy. It was made with chopped kale and aged parmesan. It was served with warm tortilla chips. The Grilled Chicken Caesar Salad consisted of fresh romaine lettuce, grated Parmesan cheese, and black pepper croutons tossed in a Caesar dressing. All salads come with a baguette or muffin. There were many different types of muffins and I chose a Cranberry Orange Muffin. The French Pot Roast consisted of a buttery scoop of mashed potatoes surrounded by braised beef brisket, carrots, mushrooms, and pearl onions in a red wine shallot sauce.
