5	So... I'm a no nonsense foodie and I am head over heels for Troy Grill. My family heard about this place because we've enjoyed the owners AMAZING Turkish baked goods for a while. We had to have more and learned that the chef has a restaurant. We ordered a ton of food: kofte kabobs, chicken kabobs, baba ghannouj, pita, zucchini fries, stuffed grape leaves, hummus, yogurt dip, and that amazing mideast rice. I wish I had something to say beyond the fact that it's outstanding in all respects. It was flavorful, healthy, and fast. I've had a taste for Turkish cuisine since returning from Istanbul and this was impressive. It was cooked to perfection and the best part was the price: roughly $9 for an entree with rice, salad, and a side. All from a guy who really seemed to enjoy cooking. I hope he'll get the word out via twitter, yelp, and other social platforms. Highly recommended! Edit: added photos of some of our favorite dishes!
4	We snagged lunch here today and were very impressed!  The food was excellent and not overdone - the falafel was not dried out or over-cooked, and the chicken was super-tasty.  The combo is a great deal, as you get a drink,  fries *AND* a salad.  The staff was was great, very friendly, and we'll definitely be back.  It's small, so I don't know that I'd recommend it for large parties, but it was perfect for the smaller groups we saw sitting with us.
1	One word for this place. RIPOFF! I got a Gyro sandwich and a side of that amazing mideast rice. What a poor excuse for a gyro. Even for around here. Preformed slices of the blandest most flavorless gyro meat I ever tasted and a side of plain white flavorless rice for an extra $1.50. What a joke. You'd think a greek place would at least make an effort. The gyro had about half as much meat as you would expect on a decent gyro. My meal cost $8.18 and I had water to drink(Free). I left still hungry. For 2 dollars less I should have gone to Showmars and had a real gyro. Not a pale imitation. If they keep serving food like that for that price they won't be there long. If you are in that shopping plaza and are actually hungry, go to Luigi's instead. If I could give half a star I would.
5	The Beef Kabobs were slightly overcooked (for me) and still beat the rest in flavor!  Best Salad Dressing I've had in a long time!  The Salad Dressing was sooooo good I only ate the cucumbers from the salad and threw the lettuce away (or I left it on the table).  The salad dressing was great on the Beef and Potatoes and Pita!The Potatoes Harra had a very nice flavor!  The Pita was A-OK.  I prefer this one over the thin version many places serve!  The Red Lentil Soup was very good without lemon and even better with lemon!Baklava (made the right way - they said it and I did too) this is the "drier" version with Pistachios and not laden in Syrup or honey.  The other dessert with the shredded filo and thicker richer walnut filling was good too!  Turkish Coffee is one of my favorite drinks and I love that almost anywhere I get it is "presented" in a way that I have no words for right now!  This Turkish Coffee was very good and look at my photos and you'll see what I mean!The Music was INCREDIBLE and most of it was Dance!  Little English on English lyrics.  My thought is I would rather be exposed to something different because I may like it and want to find out more, potentially being introduced to even more that I like!  If I were rating the music I would give it 5 yelp stars.The Service was very fast (faster than a speeding ticket) I could tell they were prepared to take care of those wanting to hurry back to work (I know I did not say it the way you mean it).  All three of the staff that helped me today were very friendly, knowledgeable and proud of their food and music!Some of my photos did not turn out so I guess to be fair I'll have to go back.  If you see my photos in one the place looks empty and almost was at 2:00pm today, though at 1:15 it was mostly full!  If you ask me if this place was a Lookalota I'd might say and then some.  Some of the patrons were on the shy side.  In case any of the customers got a clue (they watched me take photos) I appreciate it very much!Sunday April 8th 2012 (also known as EASTER Sunday)  Turkish Breakfast!I said TURKISH Breakfast - Breakfast is the "breaking" of a Fast (period of foodlessness) not the making of a fast break!  This is a take your time multiple dishes a great break from the hurry up that you can have a rest from while eating!Please ask: What did it look like?  I TOOK PHOTO'S! !! !!!  What did it sound like? "Breakfast on Turkish"!  What was it?  Plate 1. Cheese (Feta and Provolone), Cucumbers, Tomatoes, green Olives and Katamala Olives - Condiments: Honey, Jam (of some kind) Olive Oil (with Spices) and Fantastic Mixture of Tahini and Grape Molasses.  Side plate of bread (two slices).Plate 2. Simit (Savory Pastry) I think they had three to choose from.  The one I chose was filled with a minced Olive filling and had a baked on egg yoke topping with Poppy seeds (looked like a Chocolate covered and Chocolate filled Eclair - tasted better, I'm not the Eclair fan you thought I was).Plate 3. Turkish Sausage and Egg Omelet!  I put the Tahini and Grape Molasses on this and everything and it was something special!Glass Mug of Turkish Tea (Hot) this is the good one and was very good even before I put ONE pack of Sugar in it!Dessert!  BOY do you have to EAT Dessert with every meal?  I do not!  When I get a chance I may take a chance!  This was like a Cookie with a Macadamia Nut in the middle.  The "cookie" was soft with a hint of??? Maybe lemon?Turkish Breakfast: Saturdays and Sundays (call for hours) Yesterday it was 10:00am til Noon!
2	I have walked past this place a couple of times and the Yelp reviews sent me onwards, but I thought that I would give it a try this time.I went with the classic Greek entree. Their Gyro platter comes with a side - I chose hummus. I had hopes in my mind, but they were dashed when the plate arrived. The meat looked wrong. Way too thinly sliced but at least it looked spicy. It was not. The hummus was pureed into a very thin paste. Not just smooth, this was flat. The rice was light and fluffy but it was plain and tasteless white rice. The tzadziki had a good amount of dill in it, but it was not very flavorful. It was also a bit thinner - more Turkish than Greek. The half of a pita cut into thirds was probably the best part.A few moments after the plate arrived, my salad was delivered in a clear plastic box. The dressing was good, but it was a red wine vinaigrette variety. No feta cheese, no "Greek" taste to it at all.I'm not impressed. Next time, I'll go on to Luigi's.
2	Ive driven by this place a few times, being from Chicago, im very big on Mediterranean food and being new to the area, i was excited. So I stopped in, at first impression the place seems very nice, clean, chairs are great.. I get to the cashier, place goes down a few notches, she wasnt nice or friendly at all, completely dulled the first impression of the restaurant. After a few questions I made of the menu, she finally decided to tell me the special which was lamb... yaaay, I love lamb... I asked about the price... she had no clue, after typing a few things she finally told me it was $12.. She told me that it came with a side, I said ok waiting for her to ask what my side would be.. she continued to type and never asked.. I finally told her what I wanted and was instructed to sit and wait... after a few minutes (maybe 5, not a good sign) my food was ready... I got in the car and my food smelled SOOOO good, i couldnt wait to get back to the office and have my lunch... WHAT A DISSAPOINTMENT.... The rice BLAND, the meat was BLAND and dry,  the salad was horrible.... the only good things about the plate... the pita bread, some cauliflower thing and my tabouli salad. They have potential, I think a new cashier and a new chef and they might really be in bussiness.. I might come back in again if theres nothing else available.
4	Attractive decor for a small lunch spot. Menu offers all the usual Med recipes: falafel, babaganoush, gyros, kabobs. The time it took to be served seemed slower than it should have been. Food was very good. Red lentil soup good portion size. Falafel was nice and crunchy with some heat - very nice.
4	The food is always great but the service isn't consistent.  I agree that the male server isn't very attentive.  He always seems annoyed to have to work and never picks up the friendly conversations I try to start with him.   He's the only one that charges me for extra sauce and now reading the previous review I know he shouldn't be.   Oh well. Satisfies my occasional gyro cravings.   Definitely would go there more frequently if the people were more welcoming.-Since I'm a sucker for sweeties, I changed my review because of the nice email the owner sent me:"Hey Stafanie,How are you doing?My name is Rasim and i am the owner.Thanks for your review and comment on Yelp which i really appreciated.I will talk to George ( the male cashier) and will make sure not to charge for extra sauce or whatever.Ofcourse will advise him to be more friendly and helpfull to our valubale customers.As you may know our lunch is very busy and he is kind of having difficulties to handle. Sometime i am trying to assist him. As soon as the business gets well enough to pay two cashiers at same time i will employ on emore cashier.We will be adding outside seating in 15 days. So that we can enjoy nice weather.And i know that you like the gyro sandwich , we will have our homemade gyro in 15 days as well. hope you like it. But dont worry we will keep the previous one as well.Thanks for your support and review.Kind regardsRasim"
4	I really enjoyed my first visit to Troy!  I always get excited to see a Turkish variety of Mediterranean fare and am usually let down.  Troy didn't let me down and had a great Doner Kebab (Gyro) to boot.  I wasn't used to the style of bread they were using...but it tasted great!I had a couple other things...all good.  The service was friendly and helpful.I'm not sure why dollar "streetfare" in Turkey commands a 600% markup in the US...but hey...that's capitalism for ya.  Try:  The feta cheese-sticksAvoid:  Counting calories
5	I have just visited troy med grill, i hve passed by this place several time since i am working in this area. I have tried their homemade doner kabob sandwich with fries and soda for $9.81.The doner kabob sandwich is similar to gyro but more tastier and prepared from fresh sliced meat. I loved the bread they served the meat. It was excellent. They told me you can not find it anywhere else in charlotte. Thanks , i will absolutely be back. I recomend you guys to give a try to doner sandwich or plate.
5	I have just visited troy med grill, i hve passed by this place several time since i am working in this area. I have tried their homemade doner kabob sandwich with fries and soda for $9.81.The doner kabob sandwich is similar to gyro but more tastier and prepared from fresh sliced meat. I loved the bread they served the meat. It was excellent. Thanks , i will absolutely be back. I recomend you guys to give a try to doner sandwich or plate.
3	Like most of my reviews, let me preface by saying that I lived in NYC for most of my life, and so, as a New Yorker (or a Yankee like I've been called in Charlotte), I think this place is nothing special.  The food is good, not oily and the service is not bad.  It's a nice little joint that offers quick food, a nice spot to hang out with friends and family.
4	This place is really, really good. Quite possibly the best falafel in Charlotte! I have eaten here many times, and my vegetarian parents love the food as well. Here are my top three recommendations:Best meaty option: MIX PLATTER   $12.99Gyro + chicken kabob skewer + shish kafta skewer OR beef kabob skewer, two choice of side and tzatziki.Best veggie option: MEZZA PLATTER   $10.99Hummus, babaganoush, tabouli, grape leaves OR falafel and potato harra with tzatziki sauceBest light veggie option: FALAFEL WRAP   $4.99Homemade falafel topped with salad and tahini sauceand wrapped on pita bread.This place is the real deal! Come inside if you want to catch some Arabic soap operas (yes), and drink some really legitimate tea followed by really legitimate baklava!
5	We love Troy! We go there frequently. The hummus is wonderful. Try the Donner sandwich.
4	Troy is great .. very relaxing environment with a tasty variety of Mediterranean dishes.
3	A couple of weeks after my two-star review, I got a note from the management at Troy asking me to come back. They said that they had changed rice providers and they'd like to know what I think.It took me a while, but I did manage to come back. I got a chicken kabob dinner and a gyro dinner to go. Brought them home. Tried them. Very happy. The rice is much better! The tzatziki sauce is much thicker and has more flavor. The gyro meat is still on the thin side but it's got some taste to it. The chicken was very tasty. The cous cous was excellent as was the tabouli.Going forward, I'd recommend the chicken over the gyro and either the hummus or the tabouli as your choice for side item.
5	Another tiring day and another lunch-dinner or maybe we can call it 'Linner'? Out and about with my mom, I remembered hearing about the awesome lunch combos at Troy, and boy was it awesome! The place is small and cozy and very clean when we dined. Its the kinda place where you simply place your order at the register and order off the wall menu.....BUT there are little paper menus at the register (but I was told they were old and the prices were out of date) Personally, the prices are a bit high when you compare it to the portion. Sure I wasnt able to eat more than a quarter of my Doner platter, but thats only because my appetite competes with that of bird's. Sad, I know. But after my gall bladder was ripped outta my gut......ok, ok, not that dramatic, but it was removed with utmost care by a wonderful surgeon and the consequence of that was a BIG drop in my appetite. I cant eat more than 4-5 bites :( App - BabaGanoush served with 8 mini-triangles of fluffy warm pita. $3.99.  4 out of 5 because my mom who isnt a fan of eggplants managed to scarf it down pretty fast (poor thing didnt know what it was until I told her, Lol!Entree #1 - Mixed Platter which came with 2 sides of our choice. $12.99 Quite pricey for the portion. We chose Humus and Tabouli, both were tasty, but not better than the ones I've had in California. A chicken skewer, a beef kafta skewer and 3 slices of Gyro, all seasoned well and served with a mound of the most amazing, rich and buttery rice EVER!! Im a fan of this rice which is perfectly cooked to fluffy yumminess!Entree #2 - Donor Platter either $8.99 or $9.99 served with sides. I got Potato Haara and the same buttery rice that sat under a portion of Donor kebab (reminiscent of Cheese steak meat) It also was very well seasoned. It was very delicious and both dishes came with Tzatziki sauce (boo, taste wise) But the dish itself was very delicious.Service - 5 out of 5 because the young lady wearing a gorgeous smile along with a beautiful hijab (head scarf) was so pleasant and sweet, which made our visit that much more awesome. I love it when that happens, I mean what are the odds that everything turns out great......well if you leave out the portion to price ratio.Have lunch or dinner there guys. You can thank me later ;)
4	Convenient place close to the airport; clean and food is authentic.
4	The marinated and char-grilled chicken kabob on soft pita with lettuce, tomato, onion and Tzatziki was REALLY delicious! The sandwich itself was enough food to satisfy me till dinner and it was fast & fresh tasting. Fries & drink were an additional $1.99 but the sandwich itself was $6-7. The service was very friendly & the place itself was clean & comfortable. It will now be part of my regular lunch rotation.
2	I used to love this place and because I moved out of the area I havent been back here in over a year until today. When they brought my food out I almost laughed at the portion size. You used to get WAY more food for your money here. The prices havent changed to be consistent with the portions either...will not go back.
1	I hate to be so unkind but this food was barely even edible. Yuck. I'm not sure if this was just an off day for them or if folks giving it four stars have never had authentic Greek food.
1	I can't tell you if the food is any good. We put our order in at 12:30p and after a half hour we still had no lunch. Several other people ahead of us cancelled and left We left so I hope the next people have better luck. If you see only two people in the kitchen expect to wait and wait and wait.
5	Love the falafel wrap and fries....
3	I want to love this place. The food is excellent, the girl who takes the orders is adorable and super sweet, the chairs are very comfortable and really, the good is great. But.....,It is soooooo slow. So this time for lunch I called ahead. It rang and rang. I checked the number, let it ring about 30 times and then started worrying it was closed. I almost went somewhere else. I got there expecting it to be either slammed or closed. It was dead so I walked in and told the girl her phones must be down. She explained they don't do carry out until after 2pm. You don't even answer the phone to tell people that? She said it was too busy. Seriously there were 5 people in the place. I suggested adding a recording saying they don't accept carry out orders. I also apologized for being super annoying since I had been calling and letting it ring. So I placed my order and was bummed they were out of baklava. Theirs is fantastic. And I waited. 23 minutes.  For a to go order.  The food is great and if they would accept to go orders I would patronize them more. But I don't have that much time at lunch!
2	Simply the worst attempt at Mediterranean food I've tasted in years - or ever - there's just no Turkish food to be had here. NO MORE DONNER KABOB, they don't make it anymore and we had made a detour on the way to the airport for it. Not much else to chose from reallyOK, so I ordered a $10 Gyro platter, only this "thing" had never gyrated. Instead what I got were paper thin slices of frozen lamb baloney, greasy too. My wife asked if it was fried Spam. It did look and taste like fried luncheon meat. Even the rice was uneatable, and the two small grape leaves which came with it weren't even as good as the canned ones we buy at Agora.  Just awful, avoid!1 starThe other dish was the appetizer sampler, unimpressive considering it's $11. There was two really hard and bland falafels totally meh I only took a bite and lost interest. A bit of hummus which tasted nothing like a hummus only garlic and oil, my wife thought that possibly they didn't use chickpeas in both the hummus and the falafel. Again a bit of babaganoush, was tasty, very smokey but I didn't mind, and the tabouli was passable. 2 stars because I didn't die Desert? They're out of Baklava and didn't suggest anything else, we had a plane to catch so that's it. I didn't see ANY of the items that previous Yelpers had taken pictures of and got the feeling the owner has given up.
5	Their Gyro is my Hero! Definitely authentic Greek and it was definitely delicious. Need I say more? Nice service and comfy location. Glad it's nearby - love having the Greek good nearby!
5	Ay yo check this out. So like I are out with the girlfriend to go and look foe some food at like 8:45 and like we was gonna go to Luigi pizza cause cuzz be like saying say it good n it close at 9:30 well by the time we get there we saw Troy n it was like 8:57 n they close at 9 n i rushed into the door n was like "ah yo guh, you is still open rahght?" And ole guh were like "we goin be close in like 5 minutes but yall can order take outs" so I is like "O okay okay aite aite thats whats up no doubt guh lemme see yo menu" and she was like "im sorry yall we dont have the small togo menus yet but our menus are in da wall" well long story short she was nice enought to let us in and order the food, the food tastes good and place looks clean n nice so I rekan this one to all yall who wants some good ole Medi food na mean?
