5	In the past I have always stopped by my neighborhood AJ's for my floral needs.  However, when I needed flowers for a recent dinner party  I ordered from Brady's Floral Gallery at the Phoenician Resort and was blown away with the flowers I received.It is no wonder Brady's was the florist  that was used for President Obama's recent visit and for a royal family from the Middle East that had extended stay in the Valley of the Sun.From the time my order was placed, until the finished product was delivered, I was treated by the owners, Tim and Lorraine, as if I were royalty.  Such service!  Absolutely Amazing!   My guests were all asking, "Who did your flowers?"    There isn't a better compliment than that!I will continue to buy my groceries at AJ's....but from now on I'll be calling Brady's Floral Gallery for all my floral needs.
5	Perfect flower arrangements. I bought flowers from Brady's. A dozen roses with buttermilk lilies and it was perfect and so beautiful.
1	A very special friend sent me flowers through Brady's and the arrangement I received was lovely, until the next day, when the flowers were already wilted.  By day 2 the arrangement looked a week old.  They kindly offered to replace the flowers, but the second arrangement was not nearly as nice as the first. By day 3, about a 1/4 of the flowers were all brown and dried  up again, even though we have kept the water filled up and fresh.  I would not recommend them.
5	We had the pleasure of working with Bradys Florals for our destination wedding at the Sanctuary Camelback Resort and Spa. During our initial conversation with Lorraine I asked her to show me something I have never seen before. And boy did she deliver! She produced some of the most spectacular arrangements I have ever seen. Not only does she have impeccable taste but she was a joy to work with.  In fact, we trusted her so much that we ultimately gave her complete creative freedom for the event. The difference between a regular florist and a DESIGNER, is that Lorraine was able to bring our wedding space to life by creating elegant, balanced designs combined with unique colors and textures. I was overwhelmed with guests praising how magnificent the flower arrangements were. My cascading bouquet of QueenAnne's lace, ranunculus and orchids smelled incredible. But my personal favorite was her chuppah design of smilax which accentuated the incredible garden view of the mountains.Every detail was considered. Every petal was inspected.  It was simply... breathtaking. Thank you again to Lorraine and the entire crew at Brady's and the Sanctuary who made our wedding simply unforgettable.
