3	Hello friends,This AZ gets A LOT of traffic, I mean A Lot of traffic. It's no different from all the others I guess. Pretty self serving. There are employees that's there to help if need be like all other stores. But, due to the amount of business this location receives I think they are SLACKING in the housekeeping department. I know it's an Auto Store but dayummmmm!! Boy is it dirty. Had it NOT been for other visits to other locations I may not know how clean they can be. Windows, floors, entrance door, exit doors, counters, etc. could ALL USE some Soap, Water & a Lil Elbow Grease!!Other than that, 3 Stars - A-OkTTFN
3	So I took a swipe at my garage last night with the front of my vehicle - in a hurry, not paying attention, trying to back out without backing into a large truck parked in a parking space directly behind my garage.  I spoke with the guys at my office who described a product that would help without removing the paint on my vehicle.  I asked if I could get it at one of the car places on South Blvd, near where we work, and they said yeah.  It's lunch time, off to Auto Zone I go.I am a little frustrated with my visit to this Auto Zone today.  I have a southern accent, and I talk pretty fast, but... ugh.  Just frustrated.  The first gentleman I spoke with didn't seem to have a good understanding of either me (less likely) or English (more likely).  The second gentleman that stepped in to assist after the third time I said "I have paint from my garage on the front of my car, I need a product that will safely remove it" had a thick accent, but he was able to help. I got so flummoxed that I forgot to ask if they had detailing stuff somewhere in the store so I could get the needed wax there too.  It's car stuff.  I don't buy car stuff unless it's wipers or light bulbs or something I can manage with the assistance of the Google or the YouTube.  It was fine.  I have been to the car parts places in Matthews before for odds and ends and I think I will stick to them from now on.
1	How does a new battery take 3 hours to install? I had 1/2 a mind to push my dead car to Advance Auto
4	Had multiple problems with my car and came here for advice and tips; reasonable pricing and great help. Especially from Daniel who is very knowledgable and does not mind you picking his brain. Go to Dan! Dan's the man!
3	This place is located in a great area. It's close to home which means if I have any issues I can go here in about 2 mins. I've been here on several occasions and I like going to Daniel whenever I have a question. He's very friendly and he explains what he's talking about in terms I can understand. I've talked to other employees here, but id prefer  speaking with Daniel. Unlike many workers who just wants to rush you out the store so they can finish their day, Daniel actually takes his time with the customers.
