4	First of all, this place is dirt cheap - nothing is really over $5 - I felt like it was the 90s again!  (Sigh....)   They have delicious sandwiches - BLTs, grilled cheese, hot turkey, pulled pork.  Each sandwich also comes with two sides, such as fries, mashed potatoes, cole slaw or mac 'n' cheese.  The sides are good, but nothing spectacular.  Still, the service is great and the price is right.
5	Excuses is our favorite place to meet up to watch the Penguins games when we're in town.  The food is great, the drinks are inexpensive, and the service is awesome!  There are TVs everywhere so you can catch the game no matter which way you're facing, and a juke box with awesome selections!  We've always had a good time here!
3	To each their own and Excuses doesn't strike me as my kinda place. Saturday night they had live local bands playing that drew an "alternative" crowd... Everyone seemed to know each other and was either a girlfriend of someone in the band or girlfriend's friend. Two blonde girls were sitting in the middle of the place, rocking out but looking very out of place without black hair, dark clothes, tattoos and piercings. The drinks, while cheap, were gross. I got a maker's sour but it tasted really really odd. Haven't tried their food, doubt I will.
4	It's a dive bar, they have good wings and drink specials.  Nothing spectacular about it.  Six packs to go are at a reasonable price.  I used to live around he corner from it, so I frequented it.
5	Great local bar - yet on the main drag in South Side.  The wings are my favorite in the burgh.  Actually, all of there food is good (I still need to try a fresh gyro from here).  The service is awesome.  They make you feel at home.  Also, it would be hard to find lower prices for drinks on Carson.  The only negative I have is smoking is still allowed in the bar area.  Most of the time you cannot tell, but occasionally it's annoying for a nonsmoker.
4	Pretty good neighborhood bar! Even at 10am on a Sunday morning! Great wings, and good wraps. They have live music on the weekends...something that's going away at most places.
1	Holy hell, what are yelpers thinking?My friends and I are on a quest to find the best wings in the 'burgh (and when I say 'burgh, I mean the city... we ain't driving to Monroeville for any wings!) and upon googling "best wings in Pittsburgh," Excuses came up as NUMBER TWO.  We thought we had struck gold (GOLD, Jerry, GOLD!).We had struck nothing more than a horse apple (ref: Shawshank Redemption).Admittedly, we messed up and showed up on Thursday (versus Wednesday) for wing night.  Our bad.  However, one would think that the wings served on Wednesday are the same as the wings served on Thursday.  If they ARE different, I'll happily try this place again.Anyway, I walk into a cloud of smoke.  I hate to be a pain about this, but isn't there a law against cigarette smoke in an establishment that serves food (they even have a dining room!)?  This was my first turn off.  I guess I'm "spoiled" by having been able to eat in fresh air.We claim a table in the back dining area and immediately start checking out the menus - which, btw, were placed neatly on each table.  The bartender comes up and tells us that they are on a "late night" menu (WHAT?  It was 7:20pm) and the menus we're looking at are basically just a tease.OK.  I took a deep breath (coughed) and moved on."So, do you have wings?"  I ask."Oh yes, we have wings."  Says our server (also the bartender, and worth a mention, very nice and timely with drinks/etc.)PHEW"But we only have one flavor."WHAT?!?Normally this would be the third strike, but since the googles said they had the NUMBER TWO WINGS in Pittsburgh, we just figured they would be worth it.So my group of five decides to tread cautiously and we get 2 dozen wings (hot wings, as that was the only flavor available).  FIVE SECONDS LATER the wings were there.  I'm not exaggerating.  There is quick, and then there is WAY TOO QUICK.  Basically, it was clear to us that these were wings from last night that were either nuked or had been sitting under a heat lamp for a while.It gets worse.  They were good sized wings, but since they were "leftovers" all the fat was soft and chewy on the wings.  And inside, some of the meat was still pink.  This is a no-go with chicken.  I won't even go into detail on the brown, dried up celery...The story ends with us not finishing the wings, heading over to Emiliano's across the street and having a grand ol' time with margaritas and nachos.I will never, never, never go here again (unless I accidentally wander in inebriated for last call).
4	Excuses isn't the type of place you go to for great food, great drinks, or to show off that new glitter dress you bought for your night at Diesel. It's the little dive bar you simply go to for a good time!Aside from the average food, and smokiness (yes, smoking is permitted), I've never had a bad experience at Excuses. There's often a live band playing, a Pens game on the TV, or some awesomely bad karaoke going down. If you stop in between those "events", a solid draft selection and friendly staff will still be there waiting for you.Now, if I was rating Excuses for it's food alone, it would get three stars. It's average grub, but it's so affordable that if you're expecting something better, your greedy ass deserves to be lathered in hot sauce and licked clean by the dude that runs karaoke...after he works up an appetite from singing his latest Guns N' Roses tune.Go for the fun times and positive vibe, and when you wake up the next morning smelling like you've been smoking for 25 years, you can reminisce about whatever nonsense you got into the night before at Excuses. Enjoy!
4	I've always wandered about Excuses as I drive by in my car on E Carson and finally had a chance to go this past weekend. Stopped by to meet up with some friends for some afternoon drinks. The venue is cozy and totally empty except for a few locals. Totally a local dive bar and the drinks are cheap which at that point you've got me sold. A nice low key casual place to throw back a few. The food I'm not so sure about and once it hit about 7pm the place started to get packed.
4	Never thought I'd have a reason to go here, but what do you know, a friend and I found ourselves in this area of Southside and was looking for a place that might have cheap drinks.  We decided against going towards the Works b/c we knew that "cheap" isn't in their vocabulary when it comes to drinks.  So we gave ourselves an excuse to check out "Excuses"...get it - HA!  I'm sure at a divey bar like this, beer is probably the best option, well we decided to break all kinds of divey bar rules and ordered wine.  Surprise - it was good!  We had a few glasses of the Cabernet and was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't "spit it out of your mouth" wine.  Needless to say a couple hours and a few glasses of wine later, we were Excuses fans!  It's small inside, but it works.  It sorta seems placed randomly in Southside, not necessarily near or next to several other bars, which is what you usually find in this area.  While I don't foresee myself making a special trip to this place, I'm glad I checked it out!
5	My old neighborhood bar. The wings are the BEST in the world (Wednesday Wing Night!). Great selection of taps, the burgers are great, friendliest waitstaff in town, nice outdoor seating, and a sick jukebox.Agreed, it does look a little dodgy outside, but it is quite a classy place.
4	Excuses was a fun little dive bar. I don't recommend the food but the drinks are cheap and the outdoor patio is fab for just handing out and chatting with friends! The service is friendly and attentive!Pros: Service, outdoor patio, cheap drinksCons: Food (we had onion rings :p) the wings were ok-they were tender but the sauce was just meh.
2	Let me start my saying that I really didn't give this place a fair shot.  We were in Pittsburgh for the weekend and were working our way down Carson Street, bar by bar.  This was our 1st stop.  We could only stay for 1 drink because we had a pregnant girl that was with us (not drinking), and the place allowed smoking. We had just missed the live band, and didn't get to try any of the food, so I can't speak on behalf of either of those.  Place was a good size with plenty of room to move around.  The crowd there was mainly older (40s & 50s).   But with all the room, I was disappointed there was no pool table/dart board.   The men's bathroom didn't have a lock on the door and there was no divider between the toilet and the urinal.  This is a pet peeve of mine. Is it really that expensive to install a divider?  So if you go here, don't eat too many wings or you will need someone to stand guard as you use the bathroom.Another small annoyance... On the way to the bar we picked up a few bottles of water to bring back to the hotel with us and they made us check in the water and leave it at the entrance.  What is that all about?Overall, the place was a typical dive bar, nothing special about it.  With a dozen other bars to choose from on the same street, why go here?
