3	My wife is from Poland...so when we checked into this cute restaurant in Old Montreal, she felt like she had been shipped back to Krakow upon entering.My wife has me hooked on borscht, and I have become quite the borscht snob. I have had beat soup from her mother and from a Greenpoint restaurant. So when I tasted this version, I looked up at my equally disappointed wife. It was as if they had just made some powdered beat soup they picked up from a local supermarket.We were then given some pierogies, and score! They made up for the soup, with some deliciously made pierogies. We then had a few Polish beers to end a decent dining experience.It is family run and the waiters were from Poland. They even had a strong accent and spoke the language to my wife.Very cute place...loses 2 points for the awful soup, and at times slow service.
4	Mmm...Polish food.  Stash is a great place to try Polish food.  The cuisine has both simple dishes (prepared to taste anything but simple or boring) for the timid eater like pierogi or pork chops as well as dishes that pack a wallop of flavor like zurek (sour soup) or bigos (stew with meat and sour cabbage).Friendly service and tasty food.
3	Good place to learn about Polish food.I came here on a random tip from a tour book and it was alright. I got the cabbage and sausage stew, which was tasty, but a bit salty. It would have went well with beer. I'd definitely get it again. For dessert, our server recommended potato pancakes... which was so weird. The only thing that made it remotely a dessert was the applesauce dip. Good experience though.Tips: Good place to try Polish foods.
5	Yummyyyy..... never had Polish food before... my husband has and I loved it ...specially the beet soup.... a must have !! and great value for money
4	A lucky find in Montreal. We were walking by and saw this place. It looked interesting and we liked the menu.Borsch was bad since it tasted as if it was from a can. But holidnik, golubci and the rest was incredibly tasty. Atmosphere was warm and welcoming! Staff was courteous and attentive. All the food was delicious and fresh (except for borsch).
4	Not polish, but food was so good we went back again the 2nd night.  Service the first night was very poor.  Waiter said he was having a bad day.  Second night, a different waiter was extraordinary.  The piano music was excellent for quiet dinner and conversation.
4	We discovered this place on a previous trip to Montreal, and it was on our list of places to eat when we returned to the city this past week. We got 3 big plates to share: potato pancakes with sour cream, a mixture of cabbage and cheese pierogies, and a pancake "thing" filled with mushrooms. It was all SO good. We had our 3 year old with us, so we couldn't linger and really enjoy the food like we wanted to. We had some potato pancakes left over, and we took them back to the hotel to maybe eat later on. They were ice cold when I finally got to them, but I didn't care. I still ate them.
4	Homemade pierogis were fabulous. Great ambiance, service, and food. So many places are really showy, and this hearty Polish resto hits the spot and saves some cash in your wallet.
4	My brother, his girlfriend, and I happened upon this restaurant after getting a recommendation from another restaurant down the street (this first place was not open for lunch). It turned out to be a great recommendation! First, walking in, the decor was really nice. Red lights, heavy wood tables, bench seats, and pop-art hanging on the walls and from the ceilings. We were only the second group in the place, so we did not experience the slow service of other reviewers. Our server was very attentive, seemed to be in a great mood, and knew her beer! We started with two order of the mixed perogies, which were brought out right away. Our server recommended that we order them first and then see if we were still hungry. Being generally a hungry bunch, we ordered more. I ordered the mielony, my brother's girlfriend ordered the cabbage rolls, and my brother ordered the schnitzl (excuse my spelling, not sure if it's correct). We shared a bit and everything was delicious. Overall great experience and I'll probably go back.
4	We weren't actually aiming for Stash, but the restaurant down the block was closed mid-afternoon and we were quite hungry.  What a lucky stop!First - good, prompt service - and they put up with us pronouncing the food names very poorly (except for the pierogis).  We had pierogis and the sweet cream crepes for entrees.  The portions were GREAT.  The pierogis were tender and flavorful - great with the sour cream.  The sweet cream crepes were a great surprise.  I don't know what I was expecting, but they were more savory than sweet - at least until the awesome fruit sauce was added.  Great afternoon meal.Decent belgian beer selection as well.  Definitely will visit again in Montreal.
3	We picked this restaurant because it had wide open windows (on a beautiful evening) and had a piano player.  The menu offered three choices for complete meals... a Polish sampler type feast, fish (filet of sole, I think) and roast wild boar.  The meals included borsht, a green salad, entre, dessert and coffee.The borsht was basically a beef consume flavored with beet.  It was served with sour cream.  Not like any borsht I've ever had, but not too bad.The salad came with a house dressing to compliment the lettuce (only lettuce) hence the "green" description.The Polish sampler plate was tasty and satisfying.  The roast wild boar was so dry and tough, it was nearly inedible.  According to the waiter, "wild boar has a different texture than pork" (apparently a shoe leather texture!).  I left all but  the first bite for the garbage bin.The dessert was an apple strudel and was very good.  My wife asked to substitute the poppyseed cake ($1 more) for the strudel.  The waiter  agreed to do it at no extra charge since "I didn't like my entre".  Honestly... the strudel was a much better choice!Clearly the most memorable part of the evening was the talented piano player who effortlessly turned Pink Floyd, Blackeyed Peas and other favorites into "elevator music".Next time, we'll probably stop in just for dessert, coffee and piano.
5	Who would have thought that something as oddly named as "borsh"  could send your tastebuds to heaven. It's sharp cutting sweet flavor mellowed by the rich ultra fresh soured cream. Only something as simple as a salad could follow that flavor else your tastebuds might be broken.   After a quick break of salad, their tour de force plate of wild boar, pickled sweet cabbage, and rough cut potatoes arrives and fills your mouth with such warmth that you begin to think that it's the kind of place where even a crying baby can put a smile on your face as you think about how wonderful and beautiful life is.  After polishing off the main course reality is slowly brought back with a sliver of delicate hazelnut cake and a rich coffee which soothes the soul after such an experience.   Ahhh......thank god for good food.
4	Great food! Nice atmosphere! Wonderful Eating experience!
5	What a gem in Montreal. The menu is authentic, service is great and food is delicious. I've offered my recommendation to several colleagues and will gladly return next time Polish food is the preference in Montreal.
4	While on Montreal for business for a few days and staying in the old town, I have bumped into this traditional polish restaurant for a casual dinner.This is an old school classic eastern european restaurant that has lots of tradition and less novelty. The food now, what can I say? good borsh (sour beet soup), really good pierogi (which is the polish equivalent for ravioli), an excellent polish sausage and some mighty fine polish and Lithuanian beer were sampled.bottom line: everything was good and service was great!The atmosphere is very warm, the owners and the people who work there all speak polish, French and English. the place is very warm and features live piano on evenings.
4	Great place - agree with the other reviewers. We had Borsch soup and the only thing to comment on was that we thought it should have had some chunks of actual beetsMy wife had the Golabki (cabbage rolls) and loved it. I had the Pierogi and found it excellent. That and two glasses of Chopin vodka and St Ambroise beer topped it off. By the way, the piano player was enjoyable. The only sour note was our waitress who either had an attitude or ....The other tables had a waiter who really seemed to go out of his way to please and explain the dishes - wish we had him
3	My mother in law would laugh at the portion sizes and what they charge for them.  With that being said, the food is absolutely authentic and delicious.  We had the pierogi, sausage, and golabki with sides of sauerkraut, potato salad and beet salad.  The atmosphere was very good and the waiter and hostess were very friendly. The bathroom is up this windy staircase so hold off on the alcohol or hold off on the peeing.
4	Finally, Good food in Montreal. I was looking for good polish food and decided to try Stash Cafe. Very nice restaurant. There is a piano player and the ambiance is very relaxing. We ordered cabbage rolls, pork chop and pirogi. All we super good. Being from California, we never eat sauerkraut because it tastes terrible.  Many of the dishes came with sauerkraut and it was FANTASTIC. They make their own and it was the perfect compliment to the meal. Make sure to get dessert also. :-)
4	They serve the kind of food you only get in people's homes. It's not fancy restaurant food by any means, just solid stews and such. I keep thinking back to the dishes and how I can recreate them at home.Rich dishes (try the post-hunt pork and cabbage stew). Really friendly service. One of my favorites in Montreal. Surprising to find reasonable and good food in the touristy area.
5	Great place to grab dinner. The service was great and very friendly and we got food very quickly, which was especially important since we were starving. The food was great and tasted very fresh, I know my fair share about Polish/East European food and I have to say a lot of places don't do it justice, this  place does, so that's saying a lot and for a fair price. This is a place you should surely check out in you're in the area. Yum!
3	On the plus side, Stash Cafe has nice ambiance and excellent service. I loved the piano player. He had a wicked sense of humor and played some very interesting melodies such as David Bowie's Major Tom and lots of old TV themes and hits from the 80s.The food unfortunately was just average. We had their wild boar special and it was a little over cooked with way too much sauce.  Maybe this was an off night for the chef.Will definitely give this place another try when I am back in Montreal. May stick to the simpler polish dishes like pirogi and sausage next time.
5	I've been coming here regularly for 4 years.  The food is great at lunch or dinner.  Try the krokiety, you won't be disappointed.  I've been there for informal business lunches, meetups with friends, and candlelit dinners serenaded by their pianist.  One of the best restaurants in town for the location, ambiance, and food.
4	Great food and wonderful atmosphere. Had the Debutant and split an order of cabbage rolls with my dining companion. Everything was delicious. The cabbage rolls were served with a nice, slightly spicy tomato sauce.  The filling was very tender and flavorful. Pirogies were also very good. The Debutant gives you a nice selection, so if you are not familiar with Polish food, it is a great place to start. If I was spending a long weekend in Montreal and could only choose two or three restaurants for dinner, this would definitely be on the list.
4	The cabbage pierogi are sooooo incredible ... delicate and delicious!
5	O.K.   I have to start this review by telling you I cant be impartial! My friends go to Montreal every year for new years  and i started last year.  I found this place prior to my first trip, and after having a early dinner here we all decided it would be a staple. We all know that a great place this time, does not mean it will be great next time This was sooo not the case here!! The service...the food....the feel of the place!!! I couldn't  wait to come back, and i cant wait to go back!!
5	Great polish restaurant in Montreal. The food is amazing. We chose virtually everything on the menu and it was great. Incredibly tasty!! The service was great too, the waiters and waitresses were very polite and sweet. They also have a piano player with excellent music to set the mood for a relaxing dinner.Will return next time I'm in Montreal.
4	Great place.  The food is delicious and considering its Old Montreal not terribly pricey.  The atmosphere/decor feels authentic without being kitschy.  The food is very good and decent sized portions.  My salad was fresh and green.  I wish there was a 4 1/2 stars.  This place deserves it.
4	Enjoyed it a lot. Good crowd going on a Thursday night when I pulled in by chance - just walking by. Menu looked interesting. Casual but cozy atmosphere. Scored a decent table despite just walking in off the street with no reservation on a Thurs night and was seated quickly.Started with a chicken soup of the day and then the Sznycel Mielony - tasty ground meat with mushroom sauce served along with some fried potatoes and what I can only guess was some cabbage? should have asked, but it was good.Limited wine menu by the glass but I found a Canadian Mission Hill cab from the Okanagan Valley that went nicely.
5	This place was amazing.  Their potato pancakes were delicious (Would have never thought to put so much garlic and sour cream and applesauce on it). Their dumplings were also very yummy and I had the tripe soup which was, once again, very yummy. Their dessert was also wonderful-- I had the hazelnut cake and it was the perfect, decadent end to a perfect meal. The service was also very professional. I would love to go here with my significant other.
4	The food and atmosphere was really good! I love the decor in this place. The food was very well cooked and the pierogies were amazing! The only reason why they don't get 5 stars is because the waiter was taking his sweet time by talking to someone else.
4	Everything i tried here was excellent. If my polish friend says this is the only polish place her mother will eat at, then i know it's good. And i'm not kidding when i say everything on the menu tastes authentic and loved. The places is also very cool hidden in old montreal, it has a unique charm. The piano adds warmth and the awesomely cute sexy and nice waitresses makes it a pleasant experience.
4	Really enjoyed the piano player with his fun cover songs.  The kielbasa is good, but the pierogies were the best.  The potato salad was not really to my liking, but perhaps that's just me.  Overall, I definitely enjoyed dinner there.
5	I've been here twice, and it was excellent both times.  Last night I went with my family - great food and atmosphere.  We had platki, pierogi, and kielbasa and all were delicious.  Very reasonable.  Cool art and live piano.  Try the bison vodka!
4	This was a great find a little off the beaten path in Old Montreal. The food here is traditional Polish fare. My mom and I both had the stuffed cabbage which was very tasty and filling. It came with fried potatoes and a red cabbage salad. The decor is very charming there are church pews and open windows all around. Also some nights there's a piano player who the night we were there played some jazzy tunes. Service is a bit slow to start but once they get to you it goes quickly. Recommended for anyone who likes Polish food or someone who's interested in trying something that isn't from a chain restaurant.
4	I've had pierogis and kielbasa before, but I'd never really had much else.  I was really hesitant to go here, but my husband really wanted to try it, so we went.  I'm really glad we did!  I did the 3-course prix fixe menu.  I started with the zurek soup, which was really good.  I was hesitant about the soup, too, because it was described on the menu as a sour rye soup, which doesn't sound appetizing to me.  But I figured I should try it.  It wasn't really that sour, but it was GOOD.  Like pieces of sausage floating around in sausage-flavored broth.  Entree I had the dish that came with pierogis, potato pancakes, a potato crepe thing, and cabbage and sausage stew.  It was a lot of food and all of it was really good.  For dessert I had the apple cobbler, which was good, but nothing special.  For all 3 courses (plus coffee/tea), it was $29.  We were stuffed afterwards, so it was a pretty good deal for the money.  We met a Polish couple there who raved about the food as well, so it had to have been authentic-tasting, too, right?  Would definitely recommend going here!!!TIP: Make a reservation for weekend dinners!
3	We had a slightly early dinner here after a day of exploring Old Montreal. The decor is very charming and I liked the various art pieces they had hanging from the ceiling. The service was friendly though a bit slow at times. The food was traditional Polish food, which I enjoy, but the prices were a little over priced. I suppose you can blame that on the fact that it is located in the most touristy neighborhood of Montreal. But that's why I'm only giving them 3 stars.
4	I loved it here! The ambience was dimly lit yet warm and cozy. The food was very authentic, and delicious. The service was great, and all of the wait staff speak Polish (and english) . They can explain the dishes if you don't really know what you're getting into.
4	Sorry for the short review, but i don't have a lot of spare time.Had the pierogi, the sour soup and the beet soup, schitzel and kielbasa.Great taste, brings back great memories from our trip to Warsawa.
4	Good food and great atmosphere.
2	Not a fan. Was really looking forward to a nice polish meal in Montreal, but this was kind of disappointing. The food was meh, not horrible, but just kind of bland. The restaurant itself felt kind of stuffy. Combination of a warm, crowded room, with warm water being served, mediocre food, unengaged service, and a piano that was somewhat too loud, just made the experience a bit uncomfortable. Wouldn't come back.
4	The menu reads: Everything tastes better with wodka -- even wodka.On a Friday night, Stash was filled with young couples on dates and groups of friends meeting for dinner. (Okay, okay, we were a not-so-young couple on a date). Nice ambiance with stone walls, red lanterns, art posters hung from the ceiling, and a piano player giving Madonna and other 80s classics a jazzy twist.The food was well-prepared and servings generous. Not fancy but quite tasty. I've never liked sauerkraut before but, being the brave sort, gave Stash's "salade au chou" a try. To my surprise, I liked it. With a shared appetizer, two mains, two desserts (but no vodka), dinner for two came to about $60 including tax, tip for the waiter, and tip for the piano player.Thanks to other Yelp-ers for the recommendation!
5	My son in law is from Poland and I have experience good Polish food.  This place is close to the top.  I had the veal cutlet with beet salad.  It was amazing.  Kielbasa for appetizer was great as well.  A good wine selection and the service was very good.  Highly recommend.
5	If you're looking for tasty authentic Polish comfort food, this is the place to visit.They have homemade pierogi, bigos, flaki, and much much more (don't  forget to order a shot of Wyborowa, it's how a good meal is supposed to start).It's very affordable and located in old Montreal, so you can go stroll around after your dinner and enjoy this beautiful area.
4	Beautiful interior. The stone walls are stunning. Visit the restroom just to see the fab staircase. Perigees are a must. Also had the potato pancakes (perfectly done) and the cabbage stew (kind of one note). We would definitely go back.
5	Splendid - that's how I'd describe it. I'm a Pole, born and raised in Poland, spend there good 25 years of my life (out of 32, so I guess it counts for something). I visited Stash Cafe Bazaar with my parents, born, raised all-time Poles and a few friends and we were all nothing but impressed. Ordered barszcz, zurek (soups), krokiet with mushrooms (started), all of their dumplings and kotlets - all of which was splendid. Soups were nice and flavorful and tasted home-made, krokiet was delicate, not greasy, subtly mushroomy, all of the dumplings tasted awesome (meat ones would be my favorite) kotlets were huge and tasty. Only complain was from my dad, who wanted more of their side potatoes - he's one big starch-loving traditionalist) and from me to increase their Polish beers selection (although they had some nice local beers, so that's just my wishful thinking). Decor was very nice too, ambiance was great, live music added on to that. Prices were very reasonable too. Overall an afternoon at Stash Cafe Bazaar was the best ending to our Montreal trip - thank you for that! Best Polish food I had outside Poland for sure (except my own cooking that is ;)))
3	Good service! Cool vibe & decent polish food.
5	If you are in old Montreal, you MUST go to Cafe Stash. This was by far THE most memorable meal that I had in all of Montreal -- from the historic building, to the great beer selection, to the unreal food.  It was a great experience.  I would highly recommend the perogies (but I guess that goes without saying...)
5	Oh my goodness this place is incredible and serves authentic Polish food.  Even on a day that they had slow service, the food made up for it.  Everything tasted so fresh and homemade.  I love the location (old Montreal), the inside of the restaurant is designed really well, and overall just a great meal.  My boyfriend and I shared the kielbasa appetizer and the stuffed cabbage rolls.  Delicious!  Plus, the portions were perfect and the price was reasonable.
3	Come here if you want to experience the taste of the old country. The food is fresh, well plated, well portioned but lacks proper seasoning.Pierogi are probably the best dish - tender, light. Stay away from the schnitzel - it's tasteless.Service is attentive. The place feels a bit like a cafeteria probably because of the cheap wooden tables and chairs. The restaurant is set In an old church and uses pews for some bench sitting. That's cute but not very practical unless you like to sit in the high school gym bleachers. I recommend it for lunch. It's fun and gives you a taste of the peasant food of the past. Good news is that you don't need to plow the field afterwards.
4	Located on Rue Saint Paul, Stash Cafe claims to be a family owned Polish restaurant. The place looks cozy with vintage wooden furniture and red lamps. There's a Piano at the entrance.  There will be someone playin the piano everyday after  6 pm. Don't forget to tip em. The owner of the place is really cool. I was sitting at the bar and chatting with her. I told her I'm new in Montreal & she was suggesting me good local restaurants. Also visit their washroom if you get a chance. Worth the trip O_O                Food is fresh. Portions are generous. It seems to be a bit pricey, but Its a fancy place in Old Montreal so I saw this coming. All in all a good place to visit if you crave for polish foodFood -  GoodService - friendlyAmbiance - CosyWorth the money - Um.... Uh.... Yes     o_O
4	Delicious! I had the pierogi and my husband had the hunters stew. Great service and food.... Just a bit pricey, but on par with the neighborhood.
4	The bigos stew is delicious and hearty. The atmosphere is great, with piano playing and comfortable lighting and seating. Very friendly staff, with good beers on the menu. Great Polish treat in beautiful Old Montreal!
3	Stash is a pretty cool and unique place.  The atmosphere is cozy and the piano player at the entrance is a really nice touch.  My coworkers and I stopped in on our last night in Montreal and it was a solid last meal.We ordered a couple of appetizers since we had heard that the pierogis and the potato pancakes were good, but didn't want to get them as our entrees.  We tried all three types of pierogis and they were all excellent.  For an entree I ordered the Golabki (stuffed cabbage rolls) and they were very tasty.Overall, I'm giving it three stars because of their tough competition in Old Montreal.  It was a good experience overall but I don't think they quite stand up to many of the other restaurants in the area.  I likely would return if I were specifically craving Polish food, but otherwise I would probably head to one of the other restaurants in the area.
4	Polish for dinner? Why not!  I wanted to do something different for a restaurant outing this time and chose to eat Polish food since I've never really had...plus it's so different from Asian cuisine. This place is just so cute with wooden-like decor and a piano player as a bonus. Each table had a fresh tulip in a vase and awesome lighting that reminds me of a jellyfish. The waiter was very attentive and the service was pleasant. I ordered this dish (which I will not name here but describe because I don't want to butcher the language) that was basically breaded fairly large nuggets that were made of ground pork with mushroom sauce/beet salad/potatoes. It was seriously satisfying and I really enjoyed it. Beet salad was quite delicious too! Not too sour/sweet.  My bf had the pierogies (sp? correct my spelling if it's wrong) but they are essentially Polish dumplings with mushroom, cheese, and potatoes. Those were enjoyable too. Portion sizes were just right and not overwhelming. The dinner was definitely different than what I usually am used to but I really recommend coming here because they have live piano playing, I'm assuming around dinner time. So not only do you get to eat awesome food, you get to hear awesome music playing! Not too shabby...not too shabby.
5	Food was fabulous and so is the service! Pierogies were better than I excepted. My waiter was great and was quick at serving us. The seat by the open window really made the whole experience really good. Would come here again.
5	Absolutely loved this place.  Real, authentic and honest cooking shines through. Stuffed cabbage. Pierogi. Potato pancake. Tip:  order the cobbler.  Peach or apple...both were great.
5	This was THE BEST Polish food I've tasted in a long-long time! Authentic, homemade-tasting, beautifully seasoned, very well-prepared. The service was great - always such an important aspect of any business! I was greatly impressed by the fact that the staff spoke at least 3 languages: French, English and Polish. Friendly, polite and helpful. Next time we are in Montreal, this will be my Montreal's #1 destination! :-) yes, it's THAT good! :-))
4	Loved this place!Went here with a Polish friend of mine who had been before and recommended the food - I'll totally be back!This was my 2nd Polish restaurant experience (the 1st being a place somewhere on the Plateau which I have no name for at the moment), and I thought it was very comparable!Nice little place in the heart of the Old Port with an awesome vibe and super decent prices. I had the Krokiet which was a plate with breaded stuffed crepes - 1 with mushroom and the other with meat. Both were really delicious, as were the accompanying side salad and potatoes (although a hot potato dish would've hit the spot way better!).Good overall - will probably come back!
5	Great food and great service. Visited on a trip to Montreal with family. Kids loved the food as well. Highlight was the live music by an great pianist. Very comfortable place for a great family dinner.
4	Was here yesterday with ma familia, simple home cooked kinda food. Yummy Polish food.... Ive never really ate sauerkraut before just because I thought it was "sour" but this was pretty darned yummy! The beet soup was flavorful and the sznycel was perfectly made not dry. It has a homey, relaxed atmosphere. Service was a bit slow during our lunch but the staff is friendly.
5	Fantastic, authentic Polish food. Nothing but Polish food on the menu; just as it should be. We stopped there only for a snack. We weren't all hungry, but after tasting some appetizers we ordered more. Flaki soup was the best my wife (who is from Poland) ever had. Our children are picky but we were able to get the pierogies without onion on top. The Krokiet was the best I've had with a nice crispyness. Best to call ahead for reservation! The live music was a nice surprise.
4	The food was really good. We had the boar meal and the beginner's meal. The service was good, yet very slow. Overall, we stayed there for 3 hours (4 course meal).I would recommend anyone to at least try it, just expect around 40$ per person for the meal and a drink.
5	Its a different kind of menu, but if there us something you like or want to try here, do stop by. Maybe my favourite ambiance of all old Montreal restaurants and the best part is they have the most affordable menu in the area.
4	Polish colleague of mine brought me to Stash Cafe  years ago and the restaurant was on my list to revisit since then. We were a group of nine and at first we started kind of slowly with the drinks and orders, as soon as our choice was made appetizers and mains started coming quickly, and orderly. The food in Stash was perfect for the rainy fall evening, filling, warming and quite delicious. I had the tripe soup, which was amazing, very well seasoned and the tripe was excellently cooked. The two starters we tried were the herring, single piece of fish garnished with apples and sour cream, and the  potato pancakes. The potato cakes were just Ok, but I'm a big fan of the herring. The main courses were perfectly prepared. If you opt for schnitzel you would not regret and it comes with wonderful red beet salad. The star of the dinner with no doubt were the pierogi, there are three flavours to choose from, the meat ones being my favourite. We naturally went with the Polish and Czech beers as a drink choice, but the menu offers good wine list and some vodkas if you'd like to consume your herring appropriately. The restaurant has cute atmoshphere, the little benches used for seating may be a little bit uncomfortable if you fit three grown up people in them. However, the good food compensates for it. The live piano performance is wonderful. I can easily see myself coming again for some soup and pierogi, and glass or more of wine.
5	The food and atmosphere were amazing!!  This was our first time having Polish food and we were impressed.  We started off with the potato pancakes for our appetizer and enjoyed them but let me tell you our entrees were delicious. I had the cabbage rolls with this incredible tomato sauce and my husband had periogies.  I'm a big foodie and can say this was one of the greatest meals I've had in a very long time.  We both had sauerkraut and loved it. Never had sauerkraut this good before.  We finished off the meal with homemade Plum cobbler. I liked it but my husband loved it enough to order a second piece. Portion sizes are good and prices very reasonable. Service however was extremely slow, during our first hour we only had our beers and appetizers. Servers were very helpful and friendly so made up for the time. I highly recommend this place. Simply amazing!!!
3	I came to Stash on a friend's recommendation, and left pleasantly surprised. The pork rolled in cabbage and mixed pierogis were both delicious. Both tasted homemade, in a good way. I had to knock off one star because they appeared to be understaffed. A couple diners near us decided to leave due to inattentive service (i.e. not getting water or menus) while we were there. Even though the restaurant was half empty at the time, the one waiter who was working couldn't keep up.
4	Stopped here for lunch while walking through the old city on an unexpectedly crisp fall day.  The warm atmosphere and hearty food was just what we needed.  Husband had the cabbage stew and loved it.  I had the pierogi.  Good pierogi (and side of 'kraut), but in a little too much oil/butter for my taste.  Fast, friendly service.
4	It was quite by accident that we found ourselves at a second Polish restaurant in as many days during our recent visit to Montreal. We had made hasty reservations elsewhere but upon discovering that it had an ambience somewhere between a punk rock club and a frat party a quick change of plans was needed. It was Saturday night and Vieux Montreal was hopping; would we be stuck eating Poutine again? We spotted this place and it looked busy but it never hurts to try. Surprisingly and to our relief, she looked around and said just a few minutes and I can fit you in. Great!So we sat on a bench inside while we waited and took in the ambience. It was completely full, with tables of all sizes densely packed. But not in a claustrophobic way. The effect was almost like a jigsaw puzzle: the tables as interlocking pieces filling the cozy historic stone-walled dining room. Soon our table was ready and we were escorted, right into the heart of the animated scene.We looked at the menu and everything looked good, with all the standard Polish fare one would expect. But for some reason we were both attracted to the appetizers. There were six and we wanted them all. So we pointed to the appetizer page page and asked for "one of everything". Plus a salad.Now probably appetizers are not the best way to judge a restaurant, as they can sometimes be rather simple and not where the chef shows off his talents. But no matter. They were all very good and exactly what we hoped for. We had: Krokiet (breaded crepe roll stuffed with meat and mushrooms), Placki (potato pancakes), Pierogies (pastries stuffed with various savory fillings), Kielbasa sauteed with onions, Sledz (picked herring), and something else which escapes me. All simple plain food, just what we expected and hoped for. The only surprise to me was the sauerkraut: much milder than I am used to, with less salt and vinegary tang. I liked it though.I'd love to go back someday and try some of the entrees. Maybe next visit?For dessert we got a slice of hazelnut cake. Plenty big enough to share. Good enough though not memorable.Some Yelpers have mentioned problems with the service. I couldn't disagree more. Our server was efficient, friendly, and made us feel right at home from the moment we came inside.I almost forgot to mention the piano player. He sat at an ancient upright piano and played throughout the evening. Mostly old jazz and jazzy renditions of old pop tunes. I only wish we would have played some Chopin (who was Polish). Be sure to tip him; he helped to make the place feel special.
5	Was wandering the streets of Montreal in January of 2013 when my wife and I found this place. It was -18 outside when we passed by, and it was closed. Because of my Polish heritage, however, I wrote down the name and vowed that before we left the city, we would eat there.I called from the hotel the next day, made a dinner reservation, and spent the day anxiously awaiting our trip to Stash Cafe. I grew up on Polish food. I don't have a grandmother on my mother's side. I have a Babci. She's been cooking polish food for me for 25 years. So, too, has my mother. The meal that I had at Stash Cafe that night with my wife stands up next to the cooking of my mother and my Babci as being some of the best Polish dishes I've ever eaten. I had the kielbasa. They were divine. Cooked absolutely PERFECTLY, with a side of potatoes that were out of this world. My wife had the pierogis, stuffed with cheese and potatoes. As good as the kielbasa was (and believe me, it was fantastic), I found myself envious of (and eating most of) her dinner. The next time I'm in Montreal, I'll be going back. The food is fantastic, the atmosphere is fantastic (they have a piano player that comes in and dazzles), and the location is fantastic.Oh, and don't forget to order dessert. (P.S. For those who said the service can be slow, take a step back to enjoy life. Not everything has to be fast/fast/fast go/go/go all the time).
4	Excellent Polish food. Delicious borscht and the lightest pierogies I have ever had. The place is small so you may need a reservation.
4	We were looking for a totally different resto to lunch at in Old Montreal when we accidentally walked by this charming little restaurant. We were warmly greeted and shown to a great little table looking out onto the cobblestone street and it's occasional passing horse-drawn carriage. It was all very touristy, but in the best sense possible.Having heard that Polish food tended toward heaviness we carefully chose our lunch portion to match our appetite.  I had the tripe soup (Flaki)  and an entree level order of pierogies whereas the Missus had Barszcz and Kielbasa - their typical beet soup and sausage meal.The honeycomb tripe's texture was OMG wonderful, as was the hearty broth. The pierogies were completely unexpected. They were delicate little pouches, their translucent skins glistening and  hinting at the promise of meaty yummy goodness. A dollop of sour cream just sent the meal over the top. I almost started planning a trip to Poland solely on the strength of these nibbles it was that good.I think that the Missus's meal met her standards because she wouldn't share any of her dishes with me. For shame, Missus, for shame! ;-)
