5	Bamboo Nails is the best nail salon in Phoenix! They use high quality product. I have tried several nail salons in the area and have been disappointed. Bamboo Nails charges a few dollars more but totally worth it! Your polish wont chip and peel. Ask for Kim to put on a set of nails! She is amazing and listens to how YOU want the nails to look, not her ideas.
2	Two stars only because of them missing my appt and no one there to help me.  I left Comely Nails because of how flaky they were always missing my appts.  I found Bamboo, nice salon, great backfill. Yay! And then I make my appt - rushed my day to make it and what do you know the nail tech wont be there and there is no one else to take my appt.  Now its only the first time for THIS place but seriously.  My dream is to find a nail salon that does a great job AND has nail techs to actually do the work when you make an appt.  And really...no back up when you knew I was coming. Sigh.
5	I have going to Bamboo Nails for several months now, and have even taken my daughter too. Kim has always provided excellent service and my nails always look so beautiful after she performs her  'magic'.  I recently had one of the best Best pedicures done be Vu there as well.  I had broken a few toe nails & was concerned about being 'listened too' as I only wanted to have those toes (as silly as it may seem) repaired.  Vu took so much care to get it right & make sure that I was happy.  No one has ever done that in regards to a pedicure - Ever !
5	Bamboo Nails is a great place (and SUPER clean)  to get a mani, pedi, fill, wax...Kim, the owner, does my nails every two weeks and they are always perfect. I usually have Jenny do my pedicure and she is awesome as well. I used another well reputed nail salon in the Ahwatukee area and they continued to cut my feet and mess up my nails several visits in a row. I switched to Bamboo and never looked back! I highly recommend them!!! You are sure to have a great experience.
5	I had been going to another nail spa in Ahwatukee for years but after being messed around I went on line to read reviews and saw lots of great reviews for Kim at Bamboo Nails.  I gave her a try and promised her I would write a review if she did a good job.  I had my nails done on Sept 10th and was going to England for five weeks for a wedding and to visit friends and family.  My nails held up for all of the five weeks and then some.  It's October 27th and I still have all of my nails and no pockets at the top of the nail which drive me nuts and cause me to pick at my nails.  I go in tomorrow to get my nails done and can't wait to tell Kim what a wonderful job she did.  Even my sister who got married could not believe how long my nails had lasted and is totally impressed!!!  Way to go Kim!
5	5/5! Excellent service, professional nail care, & welcoming environment all with a Spa-like feel. I have finally found a home for my nails... :)
4	I tried this nail salon before going to a class in the same plaza so I was in a rush. I was impressed by how clean it was, and they used disposable liners in the pedicure foot soak stations. My tech was very accommodating as I was on a time limit. She even went out of her way to buff my injured big toenail. Yuck, I know, but she's the only person to offer out of the 5 or so pedicures I've had since it was injured. They use the hot stones and towel, and she gave a great leg and foot massage. The price was right in line with others as well. It's not by my house, but I'll go again when visiting my chiropractor.  I would definitely come back; I see some 1 stars and I hope it's not the case when I try it again.
4	I've never had anything but a great experience here. I'm never worried that I'm going to get "that" person who doesn't know what they're doing. I must go at off-times because it's never that busy and it's the best place to get your nails done in Ahwatukee, hands down. Only thing I don't like is that you have to bring cash for a tip.. They have an ATM there though that only charges $1 so no biggie.
5	I'm so glad this salon is still here! I moved away from this area four years ago and on a whim came back and voila! They were open! I got the works, a pedicure, fill, and waxing done today. I was very impressed with the pedicure, every station was immaculate and for ever customer there is a disposable liner used (talk about hygienic!). The fill made me miss being able to come here regularly, I can honestly say noone has ever been able to perfect shape my nails just the way I like it as Kim (she's the owner). I won't even get into the waxing but to sum it up; This salon visit was better than I remembered! Miss it here so very much!!!
5	I have been getting acrylic nails on and off for about a decade and this was the best experience I've ever had! I came in with a friend and several coupons, but all the coupons were on 1 sheet of paper. The coupons stated that each was not valid with any other offer, and though we were 2 people I was unsure if they would each let us use a coupon. My nail technician, Eric, simply cut out my friend's mani-pedi coupon and cut out my acrylic coupon and handed me back the rest. Not only was the atmosphere of this place very nice, but the technicians were lovely as well. The technician that did my nails was friendly, kind, listened to what I wanted and even made suggestions & offers, managed not to hurt me or be too rough while doing my nails, and he gave me the best acrylic manicure I've ever gotten. I truly enjoyed my experience here and I would return to Eric for another manicure in a heartbeat. How nice to go to a nail salon that makes the experience a pleasure vs a chore!!!!!
3	This was my first time in Bamboo nails due to my regular nail tech left my previous salon. The first impression that I received was that the nail salon was decorated very nice and had an upscale appearance. The next biggest impression that I received was that they weren't very warm and friendly as I'm accustomed to. I am a customer service manager, so Customer Service is Extremely Important to me! They had me select my color and then a sweet young girl came to start my manicure. Her name was Tammy. I could tell she didn't have a lot of experience but nice goes a long way. Since, I was getting a more complicated gel manicure Tammy just prepped me for the next person to polish and do the gel.So, the nail tech see here appears to be Kim! She finished off my gel nail manicure. I must say that I was very impressed by her work!  Their prices are a little more expensive here. I can't speak to the quality of the product just yet. However, I will keep you posted! The reason for 3 out of 5 stars is due to quality of customer service that has room for improvement. This was my first visit and I am willing to return for great quality nail work but I'd like to get what I'm paying for all the way around! I have No problem paying & tipping for Great Service!
5	I adore this salon- it's the only one I will go to for nails. Very hygienic, and I never worry that my time will be cut short due to people waiting. I am always satisfied with my nails and the quality of service is exemplary. Don't listen to the people saying the nail technicians are unfriendly - they are all sweet and very accommodating. The salon atmosphere is quiet and relaxing, which is the way I like it. Sorry, but I don't come to the salon to be annoyed with loud noises and talking, I come to get pampered!
1	I'm done giving this place chances, I've been 4 times in the last two months. their pedicures are decent I give them that but the manicures (either gel or regular) are never good. I asked for a gel manicure and the first time it came out nice but the manicurist cut me, the second time the manicurist left gel polish all around my nails on my skin so it made the whole nail peel off within a few days (gel should last 2-3 weeks, not 2-3 days). they were very fast and aggressive the last two times and my nails are now botched, this third time they have cut me AGAIN and there is nail polish all over my skin. last time I will ever come here.
5	Such a cute little nail spot!  Also, they autoclave their instruments so everything is sterile !  Wouldn't go anywhere else for my manicure/pedicure needs :)
5	Definitely a great nail salon. Ambience was very relaxing and I enjoyed the privacy of getting a pedicure.  The layout of salon made me very comfortable and at ease. The salon's entrance has a barrier which blocks off the rest of the place which gives me that privacy. That way people who are waiting won't be staring. The staff is always friendly whenever I come in. They do great work when it comes to medi and pedi. Highly recommend this place if u want quality work.  Ask for Noon. She is the best.
2	Went into get my brows waxed and was dissatisfied. The lady who did them was very rushed, like I was bothering her and she needed to do something else. She didn't ask me how I wanted my brows, just proceeded to slap on some wax and yanking the hair away. I ended up with brows that I'm not fond of because they are too thin, and to top it off, their price went up from the last time I was there. No more visits there for me.
4	It started off kind of rough as I had a digital copy of a coupon that they said "needed to print" to honor. However, I liked the style of the shop, it was cute and clean. I loved the perfect match color option as I have struggled with many shops to find a match for my gel nails and regular polish for my toes...so that was a major plus. Also, KD was nice and the kept my appointment time. I think I'll be back soon :)
5	Kim is absolutly amazing!!!.I showed her the picture of nails I wanted and she did them even better than I expected! Very nice and beautiful place, and clean!!!!
