3	Usually people avoid this place due to its price compared to other places in the KW region; however, during lunch time - if you order the bento boxes, or combos, it's actually worth its price.  I had the sushi combo - however, I don't have much of a recollection of what was in it.  The handrolls were surprisingly delicious and full of food. I had the pickled radish handroll, whereas my friend ordered the spicy salmon handroll.  She was quite impressed on how they did not skimp out on the salmon!
3	Portions are large. I ordered one of the rolls expecting to be still hungry but it turned out I couldn't finish it. Presentation of the dishes are excellent and the sushi is decent. They also gave us free korean side dishes.  The decor is also really nice and cozy. The place is too expensive though, so be prepared to spend more than 20 dollars for dinner. It might be cheaper for lunch (I haven't tried). It's definitely a lot better than Ye's or anything they offer near UW campus.
4	This is one of my favourite Sushi restaurants in Waterloo. Many people tend to be gravitating towards the AYCE sushi places, and while I have had my experiences with them, I do prefer to go to a place like Sakura Island where I feel they take more care in the presentation of your plate and in the creation of your entrees. I remember one time my husband and I were in and we ordered the sashimi boat, which just came with an assortment of sashimi. The waitress did verify with us that we did know that sashimi was all raw fish, no rice! We were well aware and very excited about our meal. The sushi chef did a great job both in cuts of fish and presentation of it on the boat platter. We were very impressed and managed to finish the whole thing. It became clear to us that the chef (who was within eyesight) was watching our enjoyment of the sashimi platter. Our waitress came over when we had finished and said the chef was wondering if we would like to try one of his new rolls. While we were quite full we could not turn down this offer. The roll came out and it was delicious. Ultimately I am always happy with the food and the service at this place! A must try if you are in Waterloo.
3	I tried this place with my dad the other day, trying to discover some other non-AYCE places aside from Watami. I've still yet to try Tomu; that's gonna be my next stop when I have time.This place, in terms of overall quality and presentation, isn't bad. However, I had a few concerns. The prices for the rolls vs. the amount you get + the tastiness seem to not match very well. It's basically just so-so, and for me so-so doesn't cut it when rolls are $10+ an order. The seafood pancake thingy was a huge disappointment. A lot of pancake, very little seafood. The soup was good, but they went too hard on the vinegar for the salad, so it tasted quite sour.Service was good though, and ambience as well. It also had more options than Watami, but for the amount I'm paying, I think Watami has higher quality food.Maybe when I try Tomu one day...
4	If you like eating better-than-average sushi then this is your place in the university area. The feeling you get after walking about of this restaurant compared to the AYCE places near Conestoga Mall fully justifies only going to Sakura Island for your sushi fill, and for dinner your final cost will be about the same anyways.The fish might not be of the highest quality but they do have some creative rolls (I particularly like Red Bull, Philadelphia and Green Dragon). There are also non-sushi dishes, of which I've tried a udon bowl and it was very good.The interior is nice and service is good, prompt. This is a restaurant I'd definitely recommend.
4	Very good quality food, both sushi and main dishes. It is pretty expensive especially for university students who tend to eat a lot. This place wont fill you up unless you are willing to spend a lot of money.
4	Updating this to four stars to be consistent with my other reviews. New things to note: - Their Korean food is suprisingly good. Its hidden in the back of the menu. I tried their sundubu jjigae (soft tofu stew) and their hoedeopbap (sashimi mixed rice). - Their lunch specials are good value for money. I always like to order their tempura sets because the portions are generous.
4	Good:- As others already suggested, go for Korean dishes.Bad:- You might feel rushed to order food or choose how you're going to pay (this happened more than 4 times)
4	The food here is pretty good. I got the sake don, which had a lot of salmon, and it was pretty fresh as well. My friends got the Hwe dup bap and the chicken don, which they both enjoyed. Portions were pretty big. Service was kinda slow though, maybe because the place was kinda full that night. Overall, would recommend!
