3	The Halibut sandwhich is awesome!
3	Middle Eastern meets Southwestern is the best way to describe the food here.  I found most of the food here to be pretty bland and overpriced but it seemed to mostly be healthy.  I ate many lunches here over the course of over a month when I was attending a training in the hotel so I ate nearly everything on the menu.  There aren't many options in the area so this is your best lunch spot unless you want to go to the village.
1	Looking for some quick dinner, my sister and I decided to just ask for a to-go order from Rick's. I ordered a flat bread pizza, and she had the tacos. We were told 15 minutes by the hostess. She took my last name down and room number. We didn't really wander because we didn't want to miss our food in the short 15 minutes. So we sat on the benches in the hallway, IN CLEAR VIEW of the hostess. 20 minutes pass, 30 minutes... 35. She hadn't called us yet. So I got up to ask."How much longer for our food?" "OH, I was wondering where you guys went..." as she grabbed our food from a table right next to the entrance.I wanted to scream. Are you kidding me?! We were sitting in front of her the entire time. Not ONCE did she even TRY calling out our name. I was SO frustrated, but being in a upscale resort, I kept my cool. Instead, I just didn't tip because waiting 40 minutes is UNACCEPTABLE when we were told 15. Putting forth ZERO effort in attempting to find your customers is UNACCEPTABLE.The food wasn't even that great either. AND it's expensive. I had much higher expectations for at least the service.
5	Come on people... I just finished reading all of your reviews. You are at a mid-range hotel, so set your expectations accordingly.Admittedly I came on a slow night, but the food and service were absolutely terrific. Very fresh Ingredients and everything came out perfectly. The chicken sandwich was tasty (Excellent focaccia) and the french fries had a McDonald'sesque level of perfection.Come here with low expectations and enjoy the ride.
4	I had a good experience here. By hotel standards it was reasonable and the food was good. I had the salmon tacos. The setting is nice.
2	We were very underwhelmed with Rick's.  It's a cool setting, very nice hotel, mediocre food, and decent service.  Altogether, it's 2 stars.We ate a late breakfast on a weekday.  There were only 2 other tables in the joint, and one of those was finishing up.  We still had to wait a bit for water at the beginning, although I will say refills got better as the meal went on.  I had the breakfast wrap, which was a wheat tortilla filled with eggs, ham, onions, a little crema, and cheese.  It was served with salsa, which had to come out of a jar from the store, and pico.  The pico was homemade and a nice blend of tomato, onion and cilantro.  No heat, but good flavor.  I ate all of it and only had one bite of the salsa, which I imagine comes from New York City.  This comes with a side of potatoes.  They thinly slice potatoes, season them with a few herbs, and fry them.  But, it seemed as though the oil was not hot enough.  Some potatoes were fried very well, others were limp and oily.  Also, all lacked seasoning, I didn't detect any salt or pepper, and potatoes need salt.  This dish, if executed, would be solid.  But, it wasn't, so they weren't great.The wife had ham and eggs.  It's a huge meal, very large piece of ham with eggs, 2 pieces of toast, and the aforementioned potatoes.  This was what you would expect.  Nothing to write home about, just a large average breakfast.The prices are a little high for what you are getting, but you are in the Westin and it's a nice setting.  We had to sit there for some time to get our bill, that was an annoying end to the meal.  My 2 star review is not based on the prices, it's based on the food and service.  We may return, but I think it'll be awhile.
4	We had breakfast here each morning even though we were with a convention that provided "free" breakfast.The eggs benedict are to die for.  So, so good.  I dream about them.  Great service too.
1	Attempted to have lunch here on a Saturday afternoon in August. It was just me and I waited a few to get seated. I was asked if I had a preference to indoors or outdoors and I said whichever is available first. I was sat outside with some interesting guests. About 10 or so BIRDS that were eating food off tables that had not been cleared yet. Yes Rick's, that's where I want to sit... with BIRDS. Not sure how long the tables had been sitting and honestly didn't want to find out. I got up and left. I'd rather starve.That is completely disgusting and there is no excuse for sitting someone in the middle of all that. Shame, I was looking forward to trying out their brunch that I had heard was pretty good.
4	Breakfast buffet is very recommended with $16 a person. Not too many options. But really good enough. Bacon was great. They made omelet on your demands.
4	The pizza is amazing! The breakfast Buffett is good too. They have an omelette and waffle station that could get backed up sometimes but is definately worth getting. The Dominican server, we believe his name is Jose.. He served us both in the restaurant and out by the pool later too! He was friendly, provided exceptional service and he always had a warm smile on his face! This guy certainly deserves a raise! I know I yelped the hotel and mentioned this but we really enjoyed our food. We had a turkey sandwich by the pool which was refreshing to have by the pool after being in the sun and some chicken strips which were good as well. The fries are crinkle style.. One day when we were by the pool we waited a while for our food so when we went to get it they gave us the wrong pizza but they let us keep it and made us a new one correctly! ;) thanks! Prices are up there but it's a resort so you'd expect that. Anyway thanks for the service!
4	Came for dinner last night, not expecting much. The food was decent but nothing special. What made the meal good was the service. From the extra helpful hostess to our server, they all seemed hospitable and friendly.
4	The restaurant and staff were wonderful. If it wasnt for a huge time wait for one sandwich and some chicken strips I would have given 5 stars. The food was a little pricy but the food was excellent. My wife and I split there gobble gobble sandwich (their take on a turkey club) very good as I am a huge turkey club fan. We also had the breakfast buffet which was awesome with an omelet bar and a ridiculous amount of choices.
3	The food is good as well as the service, but the prices can set one back. We mostly eat the buffet and felt that for the price a bigger selection should have been displayed, yet it could be that our timing was off as the hotel was not too busy. There was even enough time to talk to one of the cooks and get to learn something about the kitchen. I would recommend this restaurant while staying at the hotel, but be aware of the pricing.
4	I had the breakfast buffet. The food wasn't amazing, but pretty good. They have an omelette bar, fresh waffles, the sausage was so good, yummy pastries, orange juice and coffee include. Our server, Ellie was so sweet. The reason this place isn't getting more stars..The hostesses weren't very friendly, certainly not very professional. It was a very simple place, very casual.
5	The Thanksgiving Brunch was excellent.  Wonderful service and high quality food.  The brunch included: delicious sushi, seafood, other Asian dishes, prime rib, lamb, turkey, ham, and all the fixings, salad bar, full breakfast buffet and an amazing spread of desserts.  Our waiter was prompt and friendly.  Overall, I highly recommend Rick's at the Westin at Lake Las Vegas.
1	Front of the house doesn't have a clue.  Walked out on my second visit, room wasn't half full, waited 15 minutes for water.  Back of the house so-so at best.  Marsala must come out of a jar, seriously.  French dip just okay.  Less than a mile away, Bernard's Bistro & Luna Rosa are most excellent!
