4	Going to strip clubs at the end of a night of bar crawling in Montreal was so normal when I was in college; unfortunately when I moved back to San Francisco and tried to get everyone to go to Hustler Club at 3am it became clear that stripclub parties were over. During the golden years, though, Kamasutra was our haunt. We'd stroll in, no cover but a two drink minimum and guys, if you're with girls they may ever waive the $10 fee for you. One stray friend would totter to the bathroom only to get mauled by the drunk strippers whose dressing rooms doubled as the woman's restroom. They'd get sauced and try to make out with all us girls who dared attempt to actually go to the bathroom there. Also of note, there often was "extracurricular" activities on the Kamastutra stage...often at around 4am when two or three drunk strippers decided to dance together. While I'm not sure if it's still like that you sure won't find anything that comes close to that type of PDA on stage in the US of A. This club actually has pretty cute girls, no fake bubbies, full nudity with the added bonus of the "boss" buying all us ladies cocktails throughout the night. The setting isn't dark and creepy, it's actually pretty relaxed, comfy couches and then the casual and completely insane hedonism (I saw patrons actually getting it on in the seats in the back while the strippers watched...and I might have been friends with those patrons). Us college girls would go and the bachelor party dudes all tried to get us to dance for like $50 ... we were so broke I'm surprised it didn't actually happen. If some dude ever said that to me now he'd have the heel of my shoe down his throat in less than 3 seconds but when I was nineteen I thought being objectified was cool.I have fond memories of ending my nights here years ago and always recommend this spot to friends going on MTL trips. For the sake of Iewdness everywhere, let's hope it hasn't changed...
3	While I'd love to think that Jane K.s review still stands, sadly this is not the case.  When I visited Kama Sutra five years ago it certainly was, but not this past weekend.  The "no fakes" rule has clearly been waived.  Sometimes this is good, sometimes bad.  Still plenty of attractive women of every body type, height and ethnicity imaginable including one we were convinced used to be a man, but somehow the buzz and magic we felt the first time was gone.  Maybe we're just getting more mature. The highlight of the evening was the guy in the VIP section getting an 8+ woman orgy going.  I'm somewhat ashamed that I immediately did a mental calculation of how much money he was burning through to fund that and his bottle service.  Answer:  More than I'd ever spend in a strip club.  In any case fun and too-expensive drinks were had by all and $15 dances were had by some.  No real complaints, it's just that either this place isn't what it used to be or I've grown up a bit.  Both thoughts are somewhat sad.
5	Kamasutra is rockin!!!  Went there on Friday night with a group of 8 or so guys for a bachelor party.  There was a line up but we were told to drop a name and that got us in.  We did have to grease the manager $100 for everyone but that was about the going tip to get in anyways so it wasn't a big deal and it did get us a table shortly after we got in.This was my first time in a MTL strip club and I have to say the girls were beautiful and the dances were very entertaining...Some of the guys in our group were at Wanda's and Solid Gold the night before and they said that Kamasutra had better looking girls and better mileage...We ordered a bottle for our table.  It was expensive but it was enough for our group and it lasted us the few hours we spent there.  The only negative was waitress had a bad attitude about tipping.  I had initially given her a $35 tip on a $320 bottle.  She came back with "I usually get $40 tip on a $200 bottle" and kept on going with her sob story until I gave her another $20 to get lost.  After that was dealt with I did manage to enjoy myself...  I think this is the place to go for a bachelor party.  Just be prepared to drop some cash to enjoy some of Montreal's finest female entertainment.
1	SCAMS!! went here for a bachelor party. bouncers treat you like crap and demand tips. then at end of the night, about a half hour before they closed, the girls go on the attack. 4 of the guys in my group (there were 8 of us) ended up giving into the pressure and getting dances. 3 of them were then charged with 10 dances after 15 minutes. all 3 of them argued and then had a bouncer called over who walked them to the atm and demanded money for 10 dances when clearly they only got 3-4. totally a scam. this place would rather take you for everything in one night then get repeat business. also their atm apparently has some bad bank history. all 3 guys in my group that tried to use it ended up with their atm cards locked out by their banks.more than half the girls weren't attractive. one was simply overweight and sloppy.do yourself a favor and avoid a night of aggravation and scams. just go to an expensive club on st catherines. you may still get some attitude and pay 5 dollars more a dance, but at least you know what you're paying for and you get it.
4	Went on a bachelor party to Montreal at the end of March.  Kamasutra was the best strip club by far out of the three that we went to.  We ended up going there every night of our stay.  When you get there, give the person who seats you a tip at the entrance, so you will get the best table available.  The lap dances are $15/song.  The strippers will leave their bottoms on during the lap dance.  The lap dances are full contact and you are allowed to touch them anywhere except inside their bottoms.  We stayed in the VIP section the second night which was a complete waste of our money.  The strippers stormed us right when we sat down in the VIP area.  They charged us $20/song for lap dances.  Before we knew it, we were down $120-$180/person within the first 30 minutes.   For the most part, the strippers are high quality.  I would have given Kamasutra 5 stars, but the VIP experience ruined it.
4	Place is kind of hidden off of the main strip. After paying a fee to get into the club the big security guy seated us a table then demanded that we pay a tax on the table. So hence we had to pay twice, once to get in and again to sit at a table. You could tell that the security guy was pocketing the money that we gave to him but there was nothing to do about it because we needed a table. Cocktail server is next up in line to take money from us, after buying decent drinks. This couple's eyes starts to explore all of the dancers bodies, their shapes, moves, and looks. Some were very lovely, and others were just ok. Some of them knew how to work the pole on the stage and some knew how to work lap dances. When the time came to get more funds out of the ATM, there was a problem. The ATM did not accept American cards at all. Which ended the journey very fast  - however we were relieved because we felt like the ATM was untrustworthy.So if you plan to go here, expect to pay twice, once at the door and again to get a table. You will hear great music, and avoid talking out cash from this ATM especially if you have American cards, and lastly have fun! The ladies are very beautiful.
1	We went here for a bachelor party last summer, and we heard this place was the best.  Well, actually, it was the worst.   And I can't say any strip club in montreal for that matter really blew us away, but this place took the cake for most over-hyped, underwhelming, shoebox strip club award.  They crammed us together in a awkward rectangle, provided little to no service, and there were about 3 girls for the 150 dorks sitting around.  Yes we were definitely inclusive in that dork population, but man... this place just hurt.  Funny how they made us wait online outside behind the velvet rope like we were entering the Ultimate paradise!
3	Coat check staff and bouncers were rude. Tips to bouncer staff was required prior to them seating you. Drink prices were outrageous. $10 for domestic draft beer and $12 for imported beer. Unknown how much mixed drinks were. The dancers were gorgeous and some of them put on a really good "show." Some danced completely nude and others were hesitant to remove their tops. Ambiance was dark with limited stage lighting which made it difficult for a good view. Table dances (girls dance at your table with no touching allowed but will remove their top) were $10 and private dances were $15 for EACH SONG and (touching allowed.) There was a DJ that played good music. I.e Electronic, R&B, Soul, Hip hop and mainstream hits. Overall descent experience but expensive. Must have cash.
1	For my friend's bachelorette party, a group of 8 of us went here. We were all dressed up nice and none of us had gotten rowdy drunk yet. The bouncer was polite enough but straight up told me he wouldnt let us in because we were women. I asked him if we all stood with a man in line and came in with a man could we get in? He told me no. What a disappointment! Obviously won't recommend this place.
1	Hmm I'm sorry Montreal but this has to be the worst strip club ever. I'm sorry but I don't need a lap dance from a MILF stripper that is still working off there kid weight nor the 18 year old either. To start they charge you $5 to get in and then you have to give the bounce a tip for walking you to your table. Ummm I didn't know I needed to be protected going to my table. The club is dimly lit and the drinks are over priced. For example we ordered 2 beers 2 waters and 2 absolute and soda and they charged us 80.00 for us that was strike 2 strike 3 was the 360 lap dance bill  ($30 a song) I've been to strip clubs in Ny, Texas and several here in Montreal and this one gets  I suggest they get Shaun T to come up here and do a insanity stripper boot camp and whip these girls in shape I milked my beer for 2 hrs
1	Place was a joke. Worst strip club ever. Went there for a friends bachelor party it was recommended by our bellhop at our hotel. He called up to make sure we can have the bachelor on stage for their show... When we got there the Fat manager of the club demanded a hundred dollar cash tip at the door... To sit in the back and wait for a table to open up. The rude bartender  would give change in large bills and demand tips for getting every single beer. After being there for several hours I asked the manager when my. Buddy would be getting on stage. His response was that he didn't receive a good enough tip.Place is a scam. U get a tip when you deserve it. Here's a tip. Loose some weight you fat loser
1	This place is shady as.fuck. they tried to.over charge on bottles and some stripper hoes falsely advertised their price. The girls here are nothing special. Vegas is way better. Im fat and ugly but still not impressed . Avoid these shaddy aholes
1	Huge scamGot a three song dance and was charged for six. The strippers rip you off! Also, there's a cover plus a fee paid to the bouncer who seats you. Terrible experience.
