5	I stumbled on this location during my weekly trips to this side of town.  The store is conveniently located with plenty of parking.  The markee at the shopping center alerted me to the store and I was happy to oblige.  I found the store to be neatly organized with many bargins to fit my pocket.   I am really enjoying the new JCP!  The kids' school clothing had not yet arrived in the store so I look forward to picking up some pants on my next visit.  There were staff members roaming the store, ready to assist me when needed.  The registers were a bit tricky as they are located at the front of the store behind a wall...I had to ask where to go to checkout of the store.  Overall, I would suggest stopping by JCP when you can as they have something for everyone!
4	I'm pretty excited that this JCPenney opened in Matthews. Getting to any decent department store previously entailed a drive to either Carolina Place or South Park. I like killing an afternoon at the mall, but if I just want to buy socks or tee shirts, it gets inconvenient. JCPenney has a reputation for being kind of unfashionable, but this is a nice store. The layout is spacious, it's clean, they're got a wide variety of high-quality items, and the staff is quite helpful. Especially exciting for me is that they've got a decent selection of men's tall sizes actually in the store. It's nice to be able to buy a shirt on an impulse, instead of having to order it online and wait for it to come through the mail.Other other note: they have a Sephora. That's nice to have around as well.
3	This JC Penny is hip. Unless you actually go in, or have been in one of these new concept stores, it's hard to imagine JCPenny as "hip". They had a lot of clothes, everything was very well organized, and well lit. The only problem I had, is that all of the dressing rooms seemed to be full all of the time. The employees seemed to try to pawn you off onto another dressing room, which would also be full. Also when it came time to check out the line was long, and slow. I'm not sure what was going on, but we were probably about 5th in line and it took us 10 minutes to get out of the door, with 4 cashiers. Good prices, but a little room for improvement.
2	Though JCPenney has been around for years (decades, even), this particular store is new. It is in fact about only a year old. The concept is startling new - it's more like an Apple Store than the old department store model that we are all used to.And that's where it falls down. The problem is that it was built out by a new CEO - who I believe worked for Apple - and it is designed to appeal to those who might shop at an Apple Store. But most people shopping for the latest iPhone aren't going to suddenly shop at JCPenney.Instead, they are your grandmothers. Or their grandmothers. Which is fine. We all have them. And truth be told, I shop there as well, because their product is better than Wal-Mart, and they have some pretty good sales as well. But I don't go looking for iPhones, or fancy displays.Though the store isn't bad, it's not JCPenney, and it has these strange little stores within a store - almost like a Black Lion department store, except it's not. And instead of having one price without needing coupons or watching sales, you still sorta need to do that, since the one price concept didn't work. And the layout is really odd. Rather than having men's and women's department's, everything is just all over the place and organized by type - jeans over here and whatnot. I'd probably rather take the old style store. Then, I'm old too, so it explains a lot.
1	Worst customer service ever! Waited for over an hour and a half for some bimbo to help us get shoes. Shoes! Needless to say we won't be going back.
1	It's in a great location but terrible customer service....from the manager. I had a problem and it was resolved at another JC Penny's, four hours away.
