5	Awesome Coach store. They have a HUGE selection and the sales people are very friendly and helpful. I was visiting for my 21st birthday, with my black coach bag in hand and the sales lady says "Your bag is fading, it shouldn't be doing that..let's get you a new one" ...no joke.I was so excited, she went to find me the same bag, but they didn't have it in stock, and I had had it for a long time already, so she says pick a new one thats the same price ($298)So, yes! I got a brand new (different) Coach purse, FREE!
5	We had 5 star service from this Coach store! My mom had been searching for weeks for a Coach wallet for my sister's birthday that was sold out everywhere. The employees here located it at some random store in the east coast and had it shipped for free to my sister's place. They were nice and went out of their way to help !
5	I'm a HUGE fan of Coach products. I love their handbags, their wallets, their rings, their sunglasses, and even their shoes. I try to buy at the outlets, but sometimes I just have to buy at the retail boutique if something catches my eye.Stephen will say that I never pass an opportunity to walk inside a Coach boutique. Today was no exception, and I was greeted warmly by the sales girls. They try to find sunglasses to replace my scratched up once, but no such luck. Then they tried to sell me, of course, a new handbag. I could not find the perfect one for me. Then we were discussing wallets, and they had the one I was looking for. They even offered to look up my 25% discount that their marketing department has sent me, and I left at home on my kitchen table.Good thing I am in their computer system, they found my discount code immediately, and my wallet was practically a steal at $103. As I was walking out the store, another hand bag caught my eye, and I groaned that I should have waited to use my discount coupon. The sales girl smiled and said she would honor the coupon code if I really wanted the handbag. Unfortunately it didn't have in enough pockets, so I passed on it. I walked out the store, waving to the Coach girlfriends, :-) with my new wallet.
