4	This location also has Pizza Pit pizza and ice cream.  They seem to make Pizza Pit pizza if it's a thin-crust order or Pizza Extreme if it's a stuffed-pizza order.  Pizza Pit were a big deal in Madison pizza around 15 years ago.  Then it almost completely disappeared around 1999-2000... when Pizza Extreme and Papa John's came to town.  Pizza Pit has a tasty sauce and distinctive crust.  The toppings and cheese are pretty decent quality.  Pizza Extreme's stuffed pizza is pretty good too.  And it's nice to get them by the slice.  I haven't tried the ice cream or the sandwiches, but it's nice to have that... it sort of rounds out that shopping center.  Chinese food, pizza, sandwiches, and ice cream.
4	I've lived very near this west location of Pizza Extreme for seven months, and have been very leery of seeing what's behind the dark storefront in its strip mall location. Well, tonight I ventured in and was very pleasantly surprised. This is an interesting combination of a dine/take-out/delivery pizza joint, a coffee shop, and an ice cream shop.The dark, cluttered storefront masks to a very cozy dining area. There are lots of big booths to sit in, it is well lit, and very well decorated with a cheery color scheme and art deco posters. There was one couple dining while we were in there around 7pm. There is free wifi so I think it will be a great place to hang for a while. The staff was VERY friendly--I would give them six stars if I could. We had called our order in ahead of time, and after we told the guy on the phone we lived close, he said they would just deliver it and save us some trouble. We said no, we'd like to stop in and check the place out. Once we got there the guy introduced himself and said he'd be happy to help us however he could. He said whenever he works he could customize our pizza for us any way we wanted. Also, we had forgotten to specify we wanted a thin crust, and the lady at the counter said it was too late to make it thinner but she could still make it crispier. All in all, very friendly, helpful, but not overbearing service. The pizza itself was very good. We had half spinach pesto/half garden vegetable. Each had a very distinct flavor, and we thought the tomato sauce was very flavorful and well seasoned. The crust was pretty thin (even though we hadn't specified "extra thin") and crispy. Not too flavorful, but I liked that there weren't huge crusty ends--just enough to grip a slice. The cheese was a little to think and chewy for my liking, but it still made for an overall solid slice. This location also serves Ancora coffee in the mornings and ice cream from the Chocolate Shoppe, and beer! We'll definitely be back for more...
3	Pizza extreme is decent for pizza and best for deep dish which is best eaten late night after a few beers or as an alternative to pizza hut.  Sits between the cheap/fast pizza places and the gourmet/authentic type.  Overall it's not bad pizza but nothing really special either.  Heavily saucy deep dish is the best they have.
2	The folks behind the counter were pleasant, and the "greek salad" to go was arranged nicely. I say "greek salad" because it was basically a normal salad with olives, feta, and banana peppers. I see what you did there with those pizza toppings. I've had better frozen pizza, though we did grab whatever slices had been sitting under the heat lamp. Their soda machine was either out of syrup or not working that day, and we had to inform them about it since they weren't aware. They offered us a can instead, which was technically a downgrade from a ~16oz cup to 12 oz. I think this is more of a to-go place, since their phones were inexplicably ringing off the hook.
1	DO NOT EAT OR ORDER food from pizza extreme!!!!  i placed an order through room service...my order taker I later found out her name was brittney refused to tell me her name. when I asked her to repeat my order back to me to ensure it was correct she would not say anything. . I asked for extra bacon she said" hopefully you get it" ..i asked for th name of the restauraunt and she wouldnt tell me that either. when my order was delivered incorrect. ..I got no bacon. ..asked for fried chicken got grilled. ..I called back and askd for the mgr...he said " who is this and why are u calling me" then I called back and exsplained ( very nicely) that I called in a order for a fried chicken sandwich and got grilled and he said....." so what!!!!! deal with it" this is the mgr..."tj is his name.....then he hung up again.....i had customer service call and he yelled expletives at her( b**ch) and asked her why she was calling. never before have I been yelled at and hung up on my a mgr when trying to get my order correct. do not give them your business.
