4	Despite being so close to the university, this was the first time I have ever been in here - and I'm really rather anoyyed at myself about that.This place is great, a proper old school bookshop - split into 2 larger rooms and a third room that is more like a cupboard, this place has a huge amount of books in an even larger range of genres - both academical and leasurely reads. There are a lot of rare books and books which wouldnt be in more mainstream chain book stores, which adds a wonderful dimension to this book store.The staff are friendly, as well as the dog that seems to live here, and the prices - while not cheap, are cheaper in comparison to places like Waterstones. This place is great, and now I know it is here, I will be back!
3	The fulcrum of a good book shop, for me, is enthusiastic and informative staff. Word Power Books houses such quality staff. There's usually the odd cheap steal available in a crate and the standard selection is fine for a small independent book shop. They often have a few key course book (University of Edinburgh courses primarily) that are occasionally cheaper than the more mainstream book sellers.Worth a browse if your passing by.
4	Word Power Books is an organised and inviting bookshop with a pleasant owner.  It lives up to its name as the books are not merely beach reads but varied in subject matter and many of which are off the beaten literary track.  It is situated less than a minute's walk away from Edinburgh University buildings placing it in a prime catchment area for students' academic reading requirements.  However, it does not take full advantage of this locational asset.  Whilst it sells textbooks and other required readings for courses they are only sold at the recommended retail price, thus providing no incentive for students not to buy them from its much larger competitor Blackwells. Despite this, however, Word Power Books is a neat and friendly little shop which offers plenty to those seeking something new and thought-provoking to read.
5	Crammed onto the small West Nicholson St is a variety of interesting shops clearly geared toward the students of George Sq Campus located nearby. There are little independent sandwich shops, jewellery shops, and at least one interesting hair salon. But the one shop that stands out in particular is Word Power Books. This book shop, with its bright purple facade and packed window diplays, immediately invites the passerby in. The first thing that strikes you, either because you notice it or walk straight into it, is the box of leaflets and pamphlets left outside the front door for people to take away for free. This is a sign of what's to come inside. All these leaflets and pamphlets are all politically oriented, typically with a radical left wing or alternative emphasis.Indeed Word Power Books specialises in political books, mostly non-fiction but not solely, gearing to the left. However this does not mean Word Power Books is overly niche. There still remains a great selection of genre, from philosophy to history to graphic novels. But Word Power Book's strength does come from its more focused range, for those with an interest already. Where else in Edinburgh do you readily find anthologies of Anarchist essays?! You will also find unexpected but welcomed finds that don't entirely fit in with the rest of the stock, and the owners seem committed to providing titles that they simply think people will enjoy.The staff are friendly and eager to please but otherwise let you browse freely. There is a general feeling of calm and relaxation in the shop, and there isn't the pressure to buy sometimes found in independent book shops. The prices for titles are reasonable. Of course no shop like Word Power will be able to compete with the likes of Amazon. However they are aware of this, and instead promote the fact that they are independent, and an alternative to corporate giants.A fascinating independent book shops with a great range of stock to challenge, entertain and infuriate!
4	This is a great place to go during your lunch break or after a busy day when you feel like getting lost within many, many books! (Indeed, many lecturers from Edinburgh University have been spotted in here after a busy day in the lecture theatres). There is just something about browsing in an independent small book store which separates the experience from looking at a Waterstones or Blackwells. Located close by to George Square, this book shop is full of useful books for students of social and political science. As a political student myself, I found this shop to stock many specialist books which are not available at the main book stores. Books covering Scottish politics and left wing politics (This is a key feature in this shop as Jonny and Lynsey have already highlighted!) are well supplied in Word Power Books. The prices do not compete with discount rates on Amazon, but I really don't mind paying that when it is in an independent book shop! Keep the independent book shop alive, and dive into the literature on offer in Word Power Books!
4	Word Power Books manages to look bold and empowering on the outside - I don't know if it's to do with the purple colour scheme on the doors or the simple, confident font of the shop's signage. Whatever the psychology behind it, I found myself eagerly having a look to see what's inside.There are a lot of books left of the dial available in here, which is rather appealing for a reader like me who is open to suggestion and eager to find new authors. Specialising in philosophy, religious and political accounts, the material is thought provoking. It seems popular with Edinburgh's university demographic, with students piling in to see if there are any books which will help them through their uni career.The spot-on content of the store inspired me to look at their website, and they seem to take a very ethical approach to staffing. Their pledge is to offer more variety than Amazon, and better working conditions for their staff than most corporations. You can't argue with that, and their range of books was inspiring and enlightening. Yelp says "I'm a fan", and I wouldn't argue with that!
5	I love a good browse through the shelves here. Stepping inside it kind of feels like you're in someone (who has great taste in books) living room. The owner has a dog that sits happily by the door and there is always some chilled out music playing. There is even an armchair tucked away in the back and I've sat here several times to have a look at various books before making a final decision (book buying is something I take very seriously!!)  and never been frowned upon. They have a fantastic range of fact and fiction books here,  and if you can't find what you are looking for they will happily order in for you, I've done this a couple of times and never paid over the odds or had to wait more than a week for what I needed.
5	Word Power is exactly the kind of bookshop that would have Michael Moore and Mark Thomas punching the air with glee. A radical independent bookshop, it specialises in books on socialism, marxism, politics, philosophy, social protest, global politics, the environment, history, religion and belief systems. Well laid out with tables and bookshelves, the shop is easy to navigate and has lots of interesting books from Cracking Capitalism and The Anarchist's Handbook to Against The Wall - The Art of Resistance in Palestine. The staff are friendly and laidback and there's regular book signings and events from international authors. Now, where did I put that collection of Noam Chomsky essays?
5	How ignorant can a person feel? Well, as it turns out very ignorant. I was just having a wee browse through the reviews here, before writing mine, just to see what other people had to say and found out that my favourite bookshop ... is a radical marxist/socialist independent bookshoop.Shouldn't be surprised really, I am from the Netherlands after all, and we are -according to Fox News- the most radical socialist country in the world. Must be why we have so many gunfights and so few happy people.Right, sorry 'bout that. If you need to find a small book about the history of dragons, apparently, this is your place to go. If you need a passport to a notebook on Alice in Wonderland, helpful Philosophy tips, or just a wee intellectual gift for a friend who still believes in the power of magic (through coffee beans) then this is where you go. It's independent, it's quirky, but more importantly, it has the awesome talent of always having that one strange little book that you just know you can't live without.And, of course, you're more than welcome to tell Fox News to stuff it. Loudly.
