5	Visiting a new city for work means a steep learning curve for every need and amenity you have.  From finding out where to get your laundry done to finding what restaurants cater to vegetarians, it's a chore.  I got lucky in that this gem is 5 minutes form my hotel, and fantastic.They have Cambodian dishes I've not seen before, and are faithfully spiced as opposed to suburbanite mild.  Everything is available in a tofu or vegetable option, and the sauces aren't greasy or loaded with MSG and thickener.   I highly recommend the garlicky eggplant or the tofu and chive flowers.  Their fresh spring rolls (elsewhere called summer rolls) are delicious and full of fresh basil.  Best of all, the owners sit in the dining area and make sure the customers are happy.  Wonderful people, delicious food, great art on the walls.  Overall, my favorite secret hidden gem in Pittsburgh.
3	This place does much better food than its sister joint Lemon Grass Cafe. The food here comes in large portions and is distinct from Thai food (it seems more Cambodian, which is a nice touch). The waiter was knowledgeable and made sure everything was completely vegan.
5	This is my Mom's favorite place to dine, and definitely on my top 5 list of Pittsburgh restaurants!  It's a hidden jewel, inconspicuously situated in a strip mall in the West End.  Discovered one day post thrift store shopping, it's now a little tradition that we practice.  MMmmmm, the food's so yummy!  With a fairly diverse Thai/Chinese menu and daily specials that hit the spot, there's a lot to choose from.  I recommend the green curry!  Their masaman curry and pad thai aren't too shabby either.  And, if they ever have a salmon special, get it!  Their spring rolls are ok; I've had better.  But, the tom yum soup is fab!  And, their thai iced teas are delicious and made just right!  Best of all, there are options for every diet, palate, and the prices are reasonable.
4	Very good lunch prices.  Two of us ate for $14.40 before tip.  Lunches come with either wonton or lemongrass soup and a spring roll.  The lemongrass soup was very spicy with chunks of tomato and mushroom.  I was expecting something more mild, like tom yum, but I really enjoyed the soup.  The spring rolls were just big enough for two bites.  I ordered the Moarn Chha Kroeung, a dish of mixed vegetables in a thick yellow lemongrass sauce.  It was delicious and I'm having a hard time thinking of a similar, comparable dish.  My roommate got the Moarn Chha Ktom, which he also liked.Lunches come with your choice of veggies/tofu, chicken, beef, or shrimp and are priced with the veggies being the cheapest and shrimp being the most expensive (at $7.95 - hardly expensive).Service was just ok - they didn't offer dessert and kind of walked away before we could place drink orders, but our food came out very quickly and water was refilled promptly.I would definitely return if I'm in this part of town again.  If you go, order one of the Cambodian dishes and try something new.
3	Angkor, I want to love you. I really do. You just make it so hard for me, sometimes. I've been coming to Angkor off an on for several years now. I found them through Restaurant.com, a service that offers discounted dining certificates for partnered restaurants in the area. The first visit, I only went there because I could use the certificates, but over time I found myself enjoying the place more and more.There are few restaurants more attractive than Angkor, especially located in a strip mall. When diners walk in, the first thing they probably notice are the carved, gilded walls. It's not a huge dining room, but the tables are spaced apart nicely and the decor is top notch. It's very, very attractive inside. I've been there a dozen times or more now and each time I walk through the door I'm struck by the beauty of the place.The menu is decent, and the prices are not too extravagant. I think the problem lies in availability and service. My boyfriend loves their haw mook, a shredded fish steamed with coconut milk and curry in a banana-leaf cup. We used to drive across the city sometimes just so he could have it, and more than once we showed up on a Friday or Saturday evening to find out they weren't serving it that night. I completely understand that weekends are incredibly busy and stressful in the restaurant business, but it's listed on the menu as a regular item. The last time we were there, two or three weeks ago, we were told the haw mook is made in advance and when they run out, it's gone for the night. Wouldn't it make sense to list this on the menu as subject to availability, the way seasonal items are listed as market price on other restaurant menus? A sidebar marking on the menu may be enough of a warning to convince people to call ahead before showing up, instead of assuming it is a constant like we did. After the first two "sorry, we don't have that tonight," replies we finally asked about it and were told about the advance preparation. We've also gone here with other couples several times, and have been disappointed by the service. I've made reservations (more than once) that were lost, and twice now we've ordered food that's taken upwards of an hour to receive, even when we were one of a handful of groups in the restaurant. If I have to go out for dinner during the weekend, I do so either very early or after a dinner rush, so I'm not making a nuisance of myself or stressing out the servers, and still we've gotten mediocre service at Angkor. Once, over the summer, all of our dishes were served except my boyfriend's, and he had already been turned down over the haw mook. After deciding on something else, his order was apparently lost. We had to eat before him while he waited for his meal to be made, and this was after waiting at least forty minutes (possibly more) for ours. All in all it took over two hours to order, eat and manage to pay our bill. I love the food at Angkor. I've never been disappointed with anything I've chosen. The tilapia dishes are excellent (when they have them, as they've run completely out of it before, in addition to the premade haw mook), as are all of the noodle and curry options. Unfortunately, sometimes I've had to jump through hoops or exercise extreme patience in order to receive dinner. We've found several places closer that serve haw mook on a regular basis and have never let us down, so we most likely won't be going out of our way to visit Angkor again. However, if I'm in the area I'll still stop in. The food's worth it, so long as the place isn't busy. If I lived closer to the city, I'd make a habit of coming here on the weekday evenings to avoid any issues, but that's not an option for me now. I'll be reserving Angkor for the occasional in the neighborhood treat from now on.
2	Good prices, nice decor, tasteless food.  I only ate here once, traveling from California.  Got the fresh spring rolls and Moarn Chha Kyei (vegetables in a "spicy" ginger sauce).  The spring rolls were OK, but nothing to rave about.  The ginger dish was the blandest concoction I've ever had in a SE Asian restaurant.  I mean, there wasn't a hint of spice or heat, and there was only the faintest trace of ginger!I am hesitant to hazard a guess as to how a well reviewed Cambodian/Thai restaurant can serve such bland fare; maybe folks around Pittsburgh don't "do" spice.  Maybe my palette has been spoiled in the Bay Area by real Thai cuisine.  Whatever the reason, I can't recommend this place based on the one meal I had there.
4	Great lunch spot.  You get a sizable entree, your choice of soup, and a spring roll all for $7 during their lunch special.  The Thai Fried Rice with chicken is one of my favorites.
4	Came in on the Sunday before Labor Day and only one sole waiter was working the place with the help of one sole bus boy.  Although it took awhile for him to get our order and clear our plates, he did it all with a smile on his face and, most importantly, he brought the food out right when it was ready.  I had the cambodian fried rice, which was phenomenal.  BYOB.
4	I really wish you could do half-star ratings. I reserve 5 stars for over the top awesome place, but this place is so close to that! I've been coming to Angkor for over 5 years and have never been disappointed with a meal. The veggie spring rolls are delicious--the perfect size and extra crispy. I'm a noodle fan and always get the noodle dishes. Noodles are great, veggies are fresh, chicken is a good complement. Never a wait for a table--this place must do a lot of takeout. It's been here for years and I've only seen more that 3 tables occupied one time. That was a bustling night!
3	I have eaten here twice and have been satisfied each occasion.  They've only been takeout experience so I can only judge strictly on quality and taste of the food.First time we ordered Beef Saramann and Thai Fried Rice.  The Saramann was a curry dish and had lots of veggies and a good portion of meat.  The Thai Fried Rice (Chicken) was EXCELLENT.  I know, it's only fried rice, but there is definitely a hierarchical chain of superior taste amongst the Far East fried rice dishes...and this one ranks towards the top.  My second time eating there I ordered a chicken Pad Thai, Shrimp Pad Thai and a Chicken Thai Fried Rice.  Needless to say, they botched my order and I got home to open my cartons, after salivating on the 7 min drive home, to the wrong meats for each dish.  I called and they rectified the situation for a future order.  The Pad Thai was decent.  They got the spice right (I asked for 8 out of 10), but the seafood didn't seem that great.  It was average, to be honest.  But once again, the Thai Fried Rice made up for the mediocre noodle dish.  Uh, I lived in NYC and currently here in Pittsburgh for a short hiatus, so for now, Angkor will be my close to home goto Thai Restaurant.
4	At first I was suspicious if all the yelp ratings were right since the place was empty but I went in anyway. I didn't regret my choice at all because already the appetizer I had was delicious. Plenty of parking. Friendly staff. All in all worth the trip.
5	I have been to Angkor more than 30 times, and I have never been dissapointed.  The food is unusual, delicious and very satisfying.  I particularly recommend the Cambodian dishes, that is Angkor's strength.  I like the wood carving, the orchids in the front window, I am very much charmed by the decor.  The service has always been excellent for me, it is very attentive, helpful, service.  I like that there is no corkage fee.  The lunch menu is more limited than the dinner menu, make sure you go there for dinner.
3	We ate off of the Chinese menu it was very good, large portions and affordable.
4	I eat at Angkor once a week, religiously. I have only had food from the lunch menu, so my review is limited to that. I get either the Japanese eggplant with tofu or Panang curry with tofu. They do their tofu dishes really well. Service here is friendly and efficient. The tofu in the curries/stirfries are done well.
2	I've gotten lunch from this place tons of times, but only on weekdays. Always great food and service. I decided to go this weekend with my parents for lunch - their first Thai experience! We were excited.  I called ahead a few days before to double-check the opening times. I was told that it technically opened at 11, but it was safer to come "on the later side."  "Like 12?" I asked. "Yeah, 12 is good." We showed up at 12 on Saturday and the place looked dead. After waiting around for a few minutes, we tried the door, and found it unlocked.  After standing inside for a couple of minutes, one of us ventured back toward the kitchen to call for anyone. Finally a man came out and said "Oh, I'll be ready to open in about an hour," acting totally surprised and offended that we were inside.  Super annoying and frustrating experience. Is this typical for the weekends? I'm not sure, but it has completely soured me on the place.
5	As good as it gets outside of Cambodia or Midtown Manhattan.  a gem for Pittsburgh.These folks used to own Phnom Penh downtown.  I have yet to taste a better Pad Thai.  Their red and green curry is to die for.  This isn't your corner chinese place, folks, be very careful when ordering the spiciness.  I usually go for an eight at local places.  But this place is authentic, and has authentic cooks.  A seven in the curry made me sweat and tear up.  But oh, so good!Take-out is prompt, and the place is busy at times, but after seven you have the place to yourself.
1	Oh my ...dont like the food here. Tried the Pad thai and the chicken fried rice ...the pad thai was disgusting and the fried rice was not enticing either ...wont be going back ...ugh
5	This is utopia for your taste buds.. A carnival of culinary art.  Fantastic and friendly service. The Angkor Salad is a explosion of flavour that you wont soon forget.  The coconut lemongrass soup was easily 6/5 stars.
5	This place has the best Thai food in pittsburgh so far. The korean short rib appetizer is a must...flavorful and portion is big for the price you pay. We also tried the red curry with chicken and braised short rib with some kind of pineapple coconut sauce...they were very creamy and not too sweet. Loved them. Will definitely make this place our regular dinning spot.
5	Went there last weekend with a friend for dinner. Got the fresh spring rolls and the Cambodian specialty of fried rice cakes under a pork mixture (sorry forget the name). Had to get pad Thai and Penang for entrees. Everything was great; fresh, hot, well seasoned, good quality. Cannot wait to go back.
4	How do you celebrate Chinese New Year.  We get together with a group of friends and go out to a good restaurant with Chinese cuisine along with other cuisines.  Stopped in to Angkor and found a group of about 24 in a long table down the middle of the restaurant doing the same.  Our group split a couple of apps.  The Crispy Tofu Triangles that comes with a gingery soy sauce and grilled chicken skewer.  Both good but enjoyed the flavorful chicken more.   For the main course I had the Green Curry Noodles; nicely seasoned and spiced.   Plenty to take home for another meal.   Was able to taste some of the BAn Chhev; very good.  Service was good. BYOB.  If you forget there is a State Store in the same little strip mall.
4	The boyfriend and I have come here a few times so far, and it's been a great experience every time. It's a shame that they are located a little out of the way from the busier areas because if he didn't know of it, I would have never thought to have checked it out before. In a plaza between West End and Crafton by a Dollar store, pizza places, and Italian subs across the street (don't forget every single fast food restaurant too), this little gem isn't noticeable on the drive at first, but you won't regret it when you walk in.Like a typical Thai fashion, the place is decorated with draperies, large mirrors, and elephant statues aplenty. However, when we go, it's always pretty empty which kind of makes me sad, as I would like to see the place during its busier hours. On the bright side, this can only mean they can put more focus on our delicious meals.We usually get the green curry (tofu for me, chicken for him) and it's always the right amount of spiciness. I did try the Thai basil curry before, which was also good and just the spicy I enjoy. You get a fairly large portion for a decent price (no complaints) and I usually have enough leftover for a second meal.The servers are very polite, yet a little reserved. At least when we have gone, they always sit in the chair at the back to keep their eye on us. It was a polite gesture that I didn't initially understand, haha. Either way, service has always been super.I would definitely recommend this place to others, especially if you love Thai food (along with Nicky's Thai Kitchen and Silk Elephant). If you're not sure, I think they could change your mind.
5	We have been to Angkor many times.  We are never disappointed.  I always try to have something new, the husband sticks to Pad Thai.  He loves it there.  We love the Angkor salad and the soups.  Wish we lived closer... but it's worth the 40 minute drive!
5	Fantastic Thai/Cambodian food. The curries are especially Delicious. Saramann curry is one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten. If you like Thai, this is the place.
5	Had a great meal here Saturday night. The red curry noodles were delicious and you can pick a spicy scale from 1-10. The waiter was attentive and the food was homemade not out of a box or bag. Happy to have found this little gem and happy it is close to the house!
4	Was in a hurry and stopped here for take out. Food came quickly. Panang,spicy lemon grass soup and fresh spring rolls were great. The quantity of soup was disappointing but tasted great.  I will use this for take out for work for sure.
4	The food here is always fantastic. They are also very quick to get your takeout out the door. Their curries are some of the best that I've had, and they are good about any special requests one may have regarding their meals. The pad thai has also met the customary Thai food taste test of many of my friends I've taken here. However, their service can sometimes be a little tough. The last time we went was a perfect example. We could never seem to flag our waiter down as he seemed to be the only one waiting tables on a busy-ish Friday night.
3	I wish we could rate half stars!50-50 experience on this one.  Been wanting to try Angkor based on the Yelp reviews, so we finally decided to give it a try on a slow Saturday night.Walking in, there was only one other party present at 7pm (a little concerning).  This place screams American Chinese restaurant with a little extra polished charm.The staff were great.  We were greeted an sat immediately (then again, almost noone else was there), and we were offered some suggestions on what to order.Decided to start with the spring rolls.  The rice paper could have been prepped a little better (a bit chewy), but overall, they were pleasing (crisp, fresh and minty).  We decided to go with the Cambodian Short Ribs (C16) and they quickly came out.  Slowly stewed short ribs with pineapple, mushrooms, tomatoes and a rich earthy sauce on steamed rice.  Definitely stick to your ribs comfort food that reminded me a lot of a cross between Korean short ribs and curry.My lack of decision ultimately comes from my lack of confidence in the menu as a whole.  While our entree was good, the spring rolls left a decent amount to be desired.  Not sure we'd proactively make the hike out to Carnegie again for this place unless we were already in the area (though then again, the one other table drove the entire way from Greensburg to eat there...  so that's a promising sign).
4	Simple, unpretentious room, great service, slammin' good food!  We tried to stick to the Cambodian options, and everything we had was phenomenal.We will definitely put this on our list of regulars.
5	This is one of our favorite Thai restaurants in the city. We visit at least twice a month. Food is prepared fresh by grandma and its always excellent. This restaurant does a lot of take-out business and is usually empty inside. Don't let the exterior appearance fool you....the inside is beautiful and worth a visit.
5	I can't say enough good things about Angkor! The restaurant is very clean and beautifully decorated. Servers are so friendly and the food comes out quickly. The red curry was on point. Vegetables were perfectly cooked - not soggy like I've had elsewhere. Coconut lemongrass soup was fantastic, spicy and delicious. Green papaya salad my favorite I've had since I studied abroad in Thailand. Closest to authentic Thai I've experienced and I will definitely keep coming back for more.
5	I love this place.  I do mostly take out and have a hard time deciding what to order. Good food and great prices.
5	Angkor Restaurant has become one of my favorite restaurants, and is without a doubt the best Cambodian and Thai restaurant in the region.  Upon entrance you are greeted by some of the most amazing hand carved wooden art murals, statues and scenes made in Cambodia that belies the appearance of the strip mall where they're located.  It's appearance is indeed warm and impressive.We're not ones who want the cliche "Americanized" Asian food and look for restaurants that serve traditional styles.  Each time I've gone we ask the waitress, whose son works there as well i believe, to recommend something.  She always asks about what we or our guest enjoy, and then has hit a home run with her recommendations each time.  They have a wide variety of soups, all delicious, and their food is made with fresh vegetables, and most have a cool carved garnish that makes for a colorful presentation.  I'm a vegetarian and love all their traditional Cambodian stews and curries, and they'll spice it up just the way I like it.  If they have fresh mangoes, get their sweet sticky rice and mango dessert.  It's wonderful!Oh yeah, it's BYOB, with a liquor store in the same whopping center.
4	I typically order to-go for lunch from Angkor. If it's busy, it can take awhile for your sit-down lunch as there's usually only one server. The spicy beef (Angkor Salad) and Chicken Lemongrass salad are amazing. I've also enjoyed the "something-out-of-this-world" Green Curry as well as the Panang, both huge #1 hits in my book. The lunch specials are super reasonable and include soup and an egg roll for about $8. One last note, get the Lemongrass soup, it will blow your mind, with a hint of heat and fresh veggies. Definitely, my favorite Asian dining in Crafton area.
4	A very good restaurant. I am very critical of Thai food but they have many great dishes. I come for business but always stop here. The fresh spring rolls are exceptional.  Peanut sauce is different than most places but good. The panang curry is my favorite dish
5	Great food, great service.  I was embarrassed for the city that we were the only ones in the place.  This was the best Thai food I have had in years!
