4	Am I really the first to review? Well, I feel honoured. The British honoured. I recently moved to the Downtown Phoenix area and during my search this is the place that really stuck out. Awesome location, new build, younger scene, and decent neighborhood. It is close to a lot of my favorite places. The Roosevelt, Lost Leaf, Sens, Matt's Big Breakfast. The list can go on and on. I have been living here for about a month now and don't have any complaints. I am in a studio apartment on the 3rd floor of the building. I have an awesome view of downtown straight down 3rd and the Westward Ho to the west. Being a new build I am the first to live in my unit which is very nice. They are a very pet friendly building. Everyone seems to have a dog and they have two doggie clean up stations on the grounds. The pool is nice and open 24 hours. Heated also, but I haven't had the chance to try it out yet. I have been using the fitness center. It is a little small, but they do have free weights, machines, and 6 cardio machines and a yoga room. There are spaces on the ground floor for live/work tenants. I believe only 3 or four of these are currently filled and hope some other businesses will move in there. Arizona Center is also directly across the street. I have already walked to dinner and the movies. If you are moving to downtown please give this place a look. They offer move in specials and discounts on rent when new residents are recommended by current ones. *coughcough*
5	My partner and I moved in last week and so far we love it.  The views from our apartment are amazing and it is the best location in Phoenix.  We looked all over Central Phoenix and found that Alta has the best floorplans really smart space planning and lots of storage.  We have also been suprised at how friendly everyone is.  If you are looking in Central Phoenix give Alta a serious look.
3	I still really like my apartment and in general I am happy living here. I had to downgrade my review from five to three stars because there is a security issue in the building. Someone smashed a window in my car. This does not appear to be an isolated incident and judging by the piles of glass in the parking garage, several other cars had their windows smashed as well. The garage is supposedly secure. You have to enter a gate to get into the parking garage and all the other building entrances are secure as well. The response from the building was kind of lackluster. Nick in the office said that the building was working with the police on increasing patrols. I suggested surveillance cameras. Don't think the building is likely to install surveillance cameras. It's too bad because they are a deterrent and, could potentially lead to the capture of the person responsible. I don't feel safe in the building anymore.
1	The apartment loft = Great design and layout. The quality of the appliances and counter tops are poor. The staff = They are fairly nice in the office. However the after hours number given for an emergency is poor. We call and let them know that people are making extreme levels of noise (typically from 10pm until 3am on most weekend nights). Their hired security does not make a difference in the noise level even when called. DO NOT LIVE HERE IF YOU HAVE A JOB!!! The noise level will definitely keep you up during the night. The rent = Well overpriced for not having the peace and quiet at nights. I would not recommend this place for anyone. The valet trash = They charge you for trash service; however the trash in the parking lot is typically DISGUSTING to walk by daily. Why don't they have "Trash service" and take care of that aspect of trash duties. Pets = People really are pretty good at picking up after their pets; however the smell of pet urine surrounds an area near the elevator, where there is a patch of plants. Everyone seems to congregate with their pets in that area.  DO NOT LIVE HERE if you would like to be able to sleep from Thursday until Sunday nights. WARNING!!! The people that live here are not young professionals. VERY INCONSIDERATE!!!
5	I have lived here for about 6 months and I have never had an issue or a problem. I don't live near the pool so I don't get all that extra noise that people talk about and I have 2 dogs, but I just don't let them pee on the walls, it's that simple. The location is killer, I can walk to Chase field or the movies and there are lots of bars and restaurants around here too. My view is awesome too, I'm on a high floor and can see all of downtown. The staff has always been really nice and helpful. They have free movies and books here and parties all the time with free food and alcohol. My neighbors are really nice and it's fun to get to meet them at the parties.  I haven't ever had any issues with my car or people following me in either. I feel safe walking my dogs around at night by myself. All in all, I love it and I plan on being here for a long time!
5	Enough is enough with these anonymous and irrational condemnations of Alta Phoenix Lofts. Someone needs to set the story straight, so let that person be me. I have lived APL not once but twice! It is such a cool property and community that when I had the chance to move back in I jumped at the opportunity. The staff is excellent, attentive, and cordial. I've very much enjoyed getting to know Eddie, Amy, and Devon specifically. For those that say the staff is rude, maybe you should try being nicer.Moreover, given the circumstances of inconsiderate guests (and sometimes residents) Mark Taylor does a wonderful job of keeping the grounds clean. I use the gym and pool daily and I've never been disappointed. I've lived in a 1-bedroom and a studio, and I've absolutely loved both. They have an urban chic feel that is unique and rare. I also really enjoy the art gallery and the events put on by the staff. The APL lounge on the second floor is great. Being so close to First Fridays is awesome. How about a block away from AMC 24 or a number of cool bars and restaurants? Sign me up.Is APL more expensive other residences? Yes, and you get what you pay for, if your rent goes up it's because everybody wants to live there. It's called supply and demand. No one is trying to rip you off. Compare apples to apples, Monroe 44 is much more expensive and not nearly as authentic. For those that say the say it's loud, I would suggest living on the perimeter of the building away from the pool area. They do have security guards walking the premises nightly. I, personally, have never experienced obnoxiously loud behavior during late hours. Side note: the concrete walls seem to be great for noise insulation.Are the one-star ratings warranted? Absolutely not. Those are people being vengeful for some perceived wrongdoing. It's not like you were not told about the valet service BEFORE you sign the contract. Living at APL is a luxury and you should expect to pay more for the amenities, that's how it works. APL is a fantastic place to live. The facility and community are as good as any in downtown PHX. I'm proud to be an APL resident and you will too. Period.
4	New Owners- Not very Friendly!  I have lived here for around 4 months.  I have enjoyed living here, love the apartment, enjoy the location, have had a lot of fun with the local night life and entertainment.  Recently the ownership of the building has changed.  Mark Taylor is no longer the managers of the complex.  I went down to the leasing office to drop off a rent check (Online Rent is not an option for the first month they have taken over- hopefuly it does in the future) I have to say that the people working the office are not pleasant at all.  A girl was working the desks on the phone.  I guy came out to take my check.  The girl interupted our conversation and he walked away to take a phone call; leaving me standing.  I have to say, not a very good first impression.  Man I miss my old group already.  Mark Taylor Crew Please come back and do customer service training....  Man they need it! Thanks M
5	I wanted to follow-up my review of Alta now that the new management is in place. I can honestly say that Weidner has done a good job of maintaining the great energy of this community. They have been very accomodating and willing to help.
