4	I'm very happy that I discovered this place. La Maison Thai offers great Thai food, desserts & bubble teas.There is no waiter service here. Food is placed under glass at the counter and whatever you like is served to you on a tray and you seat yourself. The place is nice inside, nothing too special.The staff is very kind, helpful and attentive. The food is fresh, hot, yummy, the portions are generous and the prices are just right. I tried the shrimp pad thai, shrimp rolls and shrimp dumplings. The pad thai was great with a good amount of shrimps. The shrimp rolls were good too, but slightly on the oily side. Also, the shrimp dumplings were yum and I loved the sauce it came with. I was craving their bubble tea but did not get to have one since the large portion of the pad thai filled me up- I could not finish all of it!This is a good Thai place if you're looking for a nice informal meal or takeout.
4	Used them for delivery and was very impressed. Delivery was just under 40 minutes and food was hot and delicious - flavors complex and interesting. Would definitely use again.One sad note: No Thai Iced tea!! What's with that?
5	Very good
1	The food delivered from this restaurant was very close to in inedible. A complete waste of money. Never again!
5	Stopped by here the last two days after yoga class for a quick bite. Quick it was, we were in and out with full Tummys within 10-15 minutes! We chose from the food they had set out for selection under the glass, there were lots of options. I am vegetarian and had 5-6 plates to choose from, and also some very good veg spring rolls! They really over full the 12oz small plate so unless your really hungry, go for that one! I got a 12oz and 2 spring rolls and was comfortably full!! Service was friendly and very fluent! I will Definetly be back to this place! My meal was under 8$ both times, can't go wrong!!
2	I used them for delivery and quite frankly I'm very disappointed. I'm huge fan of thai cuisine and I'm always willing to pay more than average for good thai food. My order costed me $25, which I was ok with since I had read very good reviews posted here. My pad thai was very cold, missing salt and seasoning, really. Not to mention that it only came with 2 units of shrimps (??). The bubble tea was AMAZING though.
