3	So, I Had The Gyro I was Pretty good I had better & I had worst. The Pita Bread was soft they gave you a good amount of meat  the Tzatziki Sauce didn't have a lot of flavor kinda plan but once again I had worst. The atmosphere was nice only been open 3 days so It's still clean hope it stays that way. I will go back for sure
2	So, I Had The Steak Sha-Wirma. It was horrible.. Really horrible. Very Dry, Not A Good Flavor At All. Even The Garlic Sauce They Have With It Didn't Help. I Took 3 Bites Had To Toss The Rest In The Trash. A Waste Of $7 bucks. Also Had The Chicken Gyro Here Before & The Regular Gyro. The Chicken Was Not Go Either Would Not Get It Again The Regular Gyro Was Ok, But If You Come Here I Would Say Away From The Steak Sha-Wirma & The Chicken Gyro.
4	I figured I would just try the generic gyro.  Maybe I was really hungry.  Maybe I just wanted to cheat on my diet.  Maybe it was free because a friend got it for me.  I don't know, but I really liked it and will go back.  A friend also shared their falafel and I've never had one, but she lived in Greece a zillion years ago and apparently she likes it.
5	Just ate here. I ordered the Hummus and a Greek salad. It was excellent and fresh! I would gladly return! I have eaten a lot of Mediterranean food and I have to say the hummus was among the best!
5	Move over, Pita Jungle, hello Gyro Express!!! I've been here twice already, and so far, it's been great! I don't remember what I ordered (I know, that's sad), but I can tell you it was the number nine combo. If you like a lot of meat in your pitas like I do, then this is definitely the place to go! Let me put it to you this way:  I'm a pretty big eater, so I can put away a lot of food, and I have a hard time finishing my sandwich here. Food is great. If you're looking to try Greek/Mediterranean food for the first time, want something fast, or really don't want to venture to Pita Jungle, then come here!
5	This is a great restaurant. Best gyros I ever tasted. I am not a fan of Pita Jungle and this place is better than Pita Jungle. I ordered the chicken gyro today and highly recommend it. Absolutely delicious! Plus, customer service was superb! Business was quiet on Christmas Eve! Therefore, this restaurant is one of the best! Try it out!
