4	Great hotel. Good service, Great shuttle service.
4	Not a lot of bells & whistles no fancy amenities, but very clean and offers a Shuttle to the airport. A short-ish drive to downtown Charlotte. The breakfast could have been bigger and the cereal was stale, but everything else was just fine.
2	Clean and in a great location, the Microtel is at the end of the Billy Graham Parkway where it meets Interstate 85. Plenty of parking and close to a Waffle House, a Japanese buffet and the Cracker Barrel.Rooms are small, as you would expect for a place going by the name Microtel. The bed was comfortable and the room was mostly quiet. One night, there was vacuuming upstairs at 1AM. We called the front desk to complain and the noise stopped.Tip: Avoid the ground floor if you are concerned about security. As with anything near a highway (quick getaway), be aware of your surroundings.They do have a shuttle minivan to the airport that isn't far away.Would I stay here again? I don't see why not but there are better.
1	Ive stayed here about 6 times over the past 4-5 years.  This trip was 3 nights, and moving would have been such a hassle, but this was my last stay here ever.  We just toughed it out.   Management is either incompetent or intentionally running it into the ground, sucking every penny out of it.  Most of the staff seems discouraged.  The entire place is dirty and tired.  The elevator was broken (and had been for a month).  Hard to believe this is allowed to go on in when there's 3 floors of guest rooms.  I told the staff the stairwells were filthy, and the one I spoke to about it said she wont go in them.  Smart gal.  Our room on second floor had dirty walls, horrible lumpy pillows, black junk coming out of the sink faucet and a pathetic shower.  My bare feet got dirty just walking once across the room.  The security side door was broken open.  Oh, and they even charged a $1.00/day for the in room safe we didn't use. Really?  The best view of this place is in my rear view mirror.  Done.
1	Room was very small, smelled dirty, bath tub drained extremely slow. I will never stay here again. Light fixtures were rusting and room is outdated. Don't expect any type of luxury here. You get what you pay for.
1	Overall - do not ever stay here if you can avoid it.  I will be posting this review to Hotels.com as well to try and help other travelers.  Read on for details.I got put here by US Airways after my flight was cancelled due to 'aircraft maintenance' and after the attendant apologized for having no other choice but this Microtel, I thought 'How bad can it be?'  Well let me tell you.  As a pretty well traveled guy who takes a pride in being comfortable anywhere, no matter how run-down or low-maintenance, and has thoroughly enjoyed sleeping in dirt-floor mosquito-net bungalows in Laos - the only way to possibly be comfortable here is to down a bucket of beer and pass out cold.You want to forget you are staying here.  BEFORE you stay here.You want to check your bed for traces of bed bugs.You stare in awe as two police officers remove an obviously cracked out prostitute from the ice-machine area.Even through your alcoholic haze you can tell it's not a good sign the receptionist is arguing with 4 cops at 2 in the morning.The room looked, smelled, and flat out felt terrible to be in.  Holes in the sheets.  A 6-minute long airport shuttle that only leaves every hour.  It was a smoking room - and I don't smoke.Now you're not so surprised when the people who checked in before you checked out 15 minutes later.  And when you discretely ask them why, they inform you they work for Wyndham and this place is even below their standards.Listen to me.  Just don't ever do it.  Please, save yourselves!That's all I got.  You've been warned.
1	My 4 friends and I were in Charlotte NC and our flight was cancelled which then made us miss our connecting flight back to LAX. They set us all up in a hotel not too far from the airport so that was great...until we read the yelp reviews that the place is stinky, not clean and had bed bugs. We figured we would try it out so we called for the shuttle to come to pick us up because we had no place to stay. We sat out in the cold for 40 min when we were told it would take 15 min by hotel staff that helped us. Cold and exhausted we went back into the airport to see if there was another option. Nope. Finally after another 15-20 minutes the shuttle came and we drove to the hotel. When we got to our rooms one wreaked of smoke and had multiple hair strands (that weren't ours) on the made up beds. We walked into the other room which smelled better but had a huge beetle crawling on the wall, spider in the bed, crumbs on the night stand, hairs and dirt in the shower, and hairs and urine on the toilet. We were 5 girls that are stuck in a disgusting hotel at 12 AM, on the opposite coast. All the other hotels either full or ridiculously expensive and United would not get back to us. I will never be flying with them again.Oh and to top it off when we got back to California we found another person last year that we know had the same thing happen to her except she slept in the bed, got bed bugs on her face and ended up going to the emergency room because of the reaction. I wish I could give them zero stars. This place is DISGUSTING. Don't ever stay there.
1	This place is the nastiest hotel that I have ever encountered! Stuck because our flight was cancelled and all other hotels near the airport were full or really overpriced, we stayed here. The lobby smelled like cat urine that I realized wasn't quite so bad after stepping into the elevator that reeked of sour milk. The room brought more cat urine scent. Two bugs greeted me as I entered my room. I immediately checked the rest of the room....no bugs yet. I will not be using the shower in the morning. Tapping together my ruby slippers....there's no place like home!
2	The lady at the front desk was friendly and helpful. The shuttle drivers were also courteous and efficient. Free Internet and local phone service were nice. Basic breakfast - just bagels, coffee and juice - but it's fine in a pinch. However, the rooms were worn and in serious need of updating. The carpets and sheets were dirty and heavily stained. There was a strange bug in my bathtub. Overall, it's fine if you're stranded at the airport and have few options, but I wouldn't recommend it as your 'go to' hotel.
