5	So there is a Starbucks on every corner but each has it's own unique look and customer service. This was my first visit to this new location. I like the buidling structure. It is quite unique compared to most Starbucks locations that are not attached to other shopping centers. It has this appeal when you walk in that is cozy. very trendy and upbeat but still that relaxing coffee shop we know Startbucks for. The team was mighty friendly. Properly staffed for the amount of traffic I can imagine to walk through the doors. Even though I did not walk in during rush hour there was still plenty of patrons who were meeting or dining. Greeted by the friendly team on staff for the day. My drink was properly made and served with a smile. This location is much larger than traditional Starbucks. Plenty of room to meet a small group inside or outside the venue.
3	Update: they're getting better.  I got an iced coffee for a day of errands.  Although I still prefer to frequent local joints, this was cold and refreshing.  The service has also improved.I have gone against my better judgement today by going through the drive thru at the new Starbucks by my house.   I try to support local businesses and want to commend SB for retrofitting  an old restaurant BUT have some reservations about their ability to be successful based on the service I received.  I pulled in behind one car at 3pm on a Saturday and there were at least 5 employees inside with a couple of customers waiting at the counter.  I waited 9 minutes at the window after having to repeat my order twice and when I got it home, it was wrong.  It was a skinny hazelnut and a lemon loaf, NOT rocket science! To top things off, the guy waiting on me said HE had to make my coffee.    What is that supposed to mean?! I know your staff is new and are working out the kinks but I expect more from you.  It's not like you have no competition.
5	Boo so much for adding a business on yelp. lolz. Literally was the second or third person here once they opened. HeheIrma helps me every other morning. She is super friendly and love her energy at 8 in the morning.  :)I LOVE THIS patio here. Loveeee STARBUCKS.
5	Great Starbucks whether you go through the drive thru or inside. I stop by every morning (drive thru). Service is quick and the employees are all really nice. My order has always been correct.The inside is spacious and there is a nice sized patio. It's always been real clean anytime I have been inside and even if there are a lot of people, it never feels very crowded.
4	Edit: This location has now been open for several months and my previous grievances has been resolved.  It's now a pleasure to come here in the mornings and my order is always filled in a timely manner. I was delighted when I found out this Starbucks location was opening. I work down the street so I thought this would become a regular stop for me on my morning commute.The employees of this location have all been very nice and welcoming, however, the morning crew really needs a stronger manager to be working with them. I stopped frequenting this location because of the snail like pace of the service. No matter if I go through the drive thru or walk into the store the team can never complete my order in a timely manner.The order I am having trouble with consists of a medium coffee and a breakfast sandwich. Obviously the coffee is given to me immediately, but the breakfast sandwich has always taken at least 15 minutes to get to me and usually cold. Somehow my order always seems to get lost amongst the employees.
3	There have been 2 or 3 restaurants in this location over the past 10 years or so and I think that Starbucks hit the nail on the head by taking over this location.  The patio is awesome!  Great for people watching (trust me, there are a lot of people to be watched from the light rail, to the queens over at Charlie's).  My biggest gripe.  The staff seem so discombobulated with their service.  They always seem to be going in neutral.  I have personally had to wait 10 minutes for an iced coffee which is already brewed and I avoid the drive thru at all cost.  I am not a fan of drive thru's at any type of restaurant.  Overall, this is a great location and I will continue to be a regular but please, get the customer service kinks ironed out.
3	Staff is great, product is great, poor location. You will be harassed by homeless people and pedestrians if you sit on the patio. It is right next to one of the busiest light rail stops. Constant panhandlers if you are on the patio, no joke. After I had 5 in 10 minutes once, I stopped going there.
4	Newer store with drive thru. Employees seem friendly and helpful. Drive thru was quick.
4	My first visit to this Starbucks and I liked it. A community table in addition to many 2-person tables and patio seating (too hot/humid to enjoy in August). Another successful by-the-book Starbucks.
1	My husband and I were out and about and like so many pregnant women, with only a couple weeks left to go, I found myself with the sudden urge to use the bathroom. We stopped into a Starbucks on 7th ave and Camelback in Phoenix and noticed that they had keypad locks on the bathroom doors. I waddled up to the counter and asked the barista if I could please have the code for the ladies room. He asked if I was going to buy something because he could only give me the code if I made a purchase. I replied that I'm pregnant and need to use the bathroom now. He again repeated that I would have to purchase something. I glared at him and walked away to my husband and told him that I was denied access.Understandably, this upset Brad who marched right over to the Starbucks employee and in a forceful tone again stated that I am pregnant and should be granted use of the bathroom. They went back and forth for a moment, all the while the employee repeating that toilet access comes with a purchase. Finally Brad put his credit card on the counter and said, "Charge me for whatever and give me the code!". To this, the barista said no and refused to sell him anything, insisting instead that we leave and go to the Fry's down the street and use their facilities. A woman in line behind Brad who had been witnessing this bathroom denial insanity said that she was about to be making a purchase and asked for the code. The unrelenting employee refused and instead told my husband that if he didn't leave, he would be calling the police.At this point, Brad realized that my urge was becoming urgent so we left and used the bathroom at a much more accepting Subway next door. I don't know if there is any civil or federal code that permits access of a toilet to a pregnant women in the state of Arizona, but there should be extenuating circumstances regardless. Especially when there is no signage stating that the bathrooms are for customers only.I have never experience anything like this in my life. To unapologetically deny a very pregnant woman the use of a bathroom is wrong. This male barista exhibited a total lack of compassion and understanding, not to mention zero common scence. I hope that other pregnant women never have to experience this kind of embarrassment.
5	I love this Starbucks because it's never overly packed. It's the biggest Starbucks in Phoenix and it'a very spacious and comfortable. They had to put a code on the bathroom locks because so many homeless people would come to use the bathrooms, some even took showers inside of there. I remember once waiting for a long time to access the bathroom because of that. Now that they put codes, it's been better. The employees are very nice. About a year ago they had gardening for kids and they had a fundraiser for one of their employees who was sick. I like seeing that it's one big family. This is one of my favorite Starbucks!
3	It would be nice if the treated the customers in the lobby the same as the customers in the drive thru. Maybe since there are less people in the lobby, you get all there orders first. I don't know.
3	I ordered a lime refresher and I swear the lime in it looked like it had been sitting out back in the dumpsters for a few weeks before being put in my drink. On a good note the workers were very friendly.
3	I'm glad there's a SB near but this one is ridiculously slow. Seriously. How long does it really take. I see the commitment to the drive thru but you totally ousted me because I walked in and ordered. Who waits for a cherry oat bar for that long as well. Apartment I do. Unfortunate experience here. Smh.
1	Kinda disappointed. We were panhandled in the parking lot, and then subsequently on the patio.
