5	I used these chocolates to give as gifts to people/businesses who send me patients. They absolutely loved them!!! They said they had never seen chocolates like these before. And many of them later let me know that they had so much fun trying the different flavors.
5	Move over Jacques Torres! Angela has come to town and just might be the next big thing for Phoenix (and the confectionary world!) I happened to find this place just on a whim....I was reminiscing the other day about all the wonderful chocolatiers in other big cities, and it occured to me 'maybe there is a chocolatier in Phoenix?'  Sure enough, there is!! (thanks yelp!) and she's GOOD!!!! Angela is as sweet as her candy is! She explained how she just started this business in October of last year; she is a self-taught, talented and creative, as authentic as it gets, chocolatier! She uses all organic ingredients, including fair-trade organic chocolate. You will find many whimsical truffle flavor creations like Raspberry Rose, Mudslide, Strawberry Balsamic, Lavender Lemonade, Madras Curry, Avacado Wasabi, Maple-Smoked Bacon (yeah, I KNOW!)....and like a million more! AND the best news of all, is that she says she has perfected a dairy-free recipe for truffles...I. CAN'T. WAIT! I hope I'm the first to order that batch!! Besides beautiful, flavorful truffles, she makes her own marshmallows (in various amazing flavors as well) Chocolate Bark (which is always dairy-free) and even different hot chocolate mixes. The most amazing thing of all is....now, get ready for this....all of this magic comes right out of her home kitchen!! THAT means, everything is made with *love* :)  So, if you happen to yelp this, like I did, the map will actually take you to her business, which is located in her house, in a neighborhood (a little confusing at first....) but it IS LEGIT! She said normally it's by appointment only (I was not) but she gladly had me in and I got to see some of her gastronomic creations anyways (yay!) However, she says that she normally sells her stuff at the South Scottsdale Farmers Market (Wednesdays) and the Tempe Farmers Market (on Warner and McClintock on Saturdays) In fact, if you go to her website, you can customize a box of chocolates and pick it up at the farmers market of your choice... (can't wait to do this!!)Needless to say, this made my day...no, like, my week! SO excited to have a real, gourmet chocolatier right in my own neck of the woods! Woo hoo!!
5	I've been a Cocoa Palette enthusiast since its earliest days.  I am not very adventurous with treats and I have been surprised at how delicious the different combinations are.  Customer service is great and very friendly.
5	I ordered three kinds of dark chocolate bark for a baby shower, attended by some friends and colleagues with discerning palates.  Cocoa Palette came through beautifully.  First, their dark chocolate bark is very impressive:  high quality chocolate with creative toppings, reflecting the artistry that justifies the title "chocolatier" for its owner, Angela.  Second, Angela worked with me to custom-make some bark with variations of the toppings listed on their website and to provide a discount for a significant order.  Preferring simplicity, I requested my personal favorite for half the order:  dark chocolate with toasted almonds.  But another flavor proved to be a surprisingly big hit:  dark chocolate with herbs de provence and a special chardonnay salt; it was amazing.  The dark chocolate with lavender and lemon was also an eye-opener, although most people are satisfied with just a small taste of the lavender.  If you want to impress a dark chocolate lover, or make a splash at a dinner party, check out the chocolate bark or the equally creative chocolate truffles at Cocoa Palette.
1	I purchased a Living Social voucher for Valentine's Day.  You have to order the chocolates online and then drive to a Farmer's Market on one of two days to pick these up.  I ordered 2 boxes of chocolates for $50 and had $10 left that I didn't spend online as nothing would equal that amount.  When I drove to pick up the chocolates there were 2 young girls running the booth.  I told them my name and they gave me the chocolates.  They didn't ask for my voucher so I offered it to them.  They had a few dollar items on the table, so I asked if I could use the rest of the money on the voucher and the girls had no idea.  They called the owner a few times and finally got in touch with her and then explained to me that I could not use the voucher.  I had to use it all at the same time.  They said it was in the "fine print".  And to top it off, the chocolates were not very good.  They look nice, but I could not tell which flavor I was eating.  The flavor did not come out well in the chocolates.  I was not impressed for the price.  I'll take Julia Baker's anyday :)
5	I purchased a living social and got my order in last minute before it expired!Angela,the owner, was very professional and took a lot of her time to tell me about all the chocolates and many other delicious treats she makes all by herself!All her chocolates are made from scratch,vegan and have no preservatives or waxes like many other products!I love the way she packages all her products and the web site makes it easy to order!I will put an order in for christmas for sure,and another one just for myself!YUMMY!
1	Well, I got this chocolate as a present for Valentines. When I met the "chocolatier" I was with an African American friend.  She completely ignored my friend.  She didn't know that my friend purchased her chocolate as a gift for me through a Living Social deal.  I love chocolate.  I have purchased gourmet truffles including raw chocolate from chocolatiers in different parts of the country.  Some of my favorites have been in Portland, OR, Orange County, Ca, and San Francisco, CA.  Her chocolate was my least favorite.  Almost every truffle has been out of balance with unusual aftertastes.  I am simply not a fan.  I doubt that either of us will every buy this product again.
