3	Gone are the days of biking to my old, beloved ghetto Fry's. After setting vacant for a few years, new "life" has sprung up in its place. While my barber, in the same plaza, thinks this is bringing in trash, I think it's okay. For now.As John mentioned, this is a much nicer space than the former location. Parking is ample, the dressing rooms better suited to trying on one's recent finds, and it lacks that God awful stink of cinnamon. Picture this:  I'm going to be Sofia from the Golden Girls for Halloween and was able to find a dress, shoes, purse and pearl necklace for under $15! Dorothy better not be thinking of sending me off to Shady Pines for losing my thrift skills.
3	I have been going to the Goodwill for a while now.  It is nice that they moved this Goodwill to this location.  The store is a lot bigger and a lot brighter.  One thing I like about the Goodwill is that they have everything by size and by color too.  Also that they have half off days every other week.  :)  Thanks Goodwill for being a great store.  I always find great deals.
4	This has the potential to be one of the great Goodwills.It is large. It is well-lit. It is jam-packed with stuff. While there are a lot of Target brands on the racks, there's also an encouraging scattering of Old Navy, J Crew, Calvin Klein, and other name brands. The household section is ripe for fantasies about decoupaging one's first apartment.Time your visit carefully. Noon on Saturday is a Hobbesian scrimmage for dressing rooms. Wear opaque tights and leotard so you can try on clothes in the aisle, and keep a firm grip on your original clothes, as the aisles are tight. My next trip will be at dawn or something.To soothe your shattered nerves, the water store in the same plaza has Thrifty ice cream at just over $1 for a single scoop.
4	The best donation drop off location I've ever been to. I pull up to the double sliding doors, open my trunk, a courteous receiver comes to my car, unloads my unwanteds and gives me my tax receipt.  It is that easy!Furthermore, I cannot believe I'm still purging and donating crapola almost four years after my big break-up. Will my closets and nooks and crannies ever stop regurgitating clutter I never knew I had and most certainly have no need for!! This Shiz is 'nanas!P.S I refuse to shop at this Goodwill because I'm just the type of psycho that donates bins of junk only to repurchase said junk during a future wild hair goodwill-hunting shopping spree. There has got to be a pill for this.
5	Clean and organized. Stopped there briefly to look at records and found 3- Pearl Bailey, Sarah Vaughan, and Peggy Lee. Super!
3	Shop here. Don't donate here. Attendant today was unhelpful and rude. Ended up donating down the street.
2	By far the worst Goodwill customer experience I have ever had. Employees were rude and the manager was worse. My SIL and I were getting her a TV and some other necessities for her new apartment. As she finally picked out a Tv,  (A very heavy TV mind you) I asked an employee for help and he just walked away. Although they had a huge selection of various items, which was awesome! We got everything we needed for her apartment at a decent price. Everything was so organized and we had no problem finding her other things! Thus, I will NOT be returning to this location in regards to horrible customer service and unhappy employees. I want to enjoy shopping, not dread it.
