5	On time, friendly, honest and they did what they said. My roof came with a 10 year warranty and this company will be around to back that based on what I have heard and read about them. I feel good about my experience with Lyons. I even had the President of the company come out which made me feel extra secure in my decision to use them.
1	My wife booked Lyons Roofing to come first thing on a Friday morning so it wouldn't be too hot.  We were thinking about the worker and willing to get up early on a day off.  We received a confirmation e-mail earlier in the week.  On Friday morning, I received a call from the worker stating he got tied up at his first job of the day and wouldn't be able to make it until later.  I said, "No problem, I understand.  We'll be around all day so just let me know when you can make it."  Even though I had other things to do, I stayed at home waiting for the call back, which never came.  That was one month ago today and we have never heard back from the company.  Still looking for a roofing company, but definitely would not recommend this one.  Warning: They were recommended on Angie's List, too!
5	Lyons Roofing came out to do a roof inspection.  They told us our roof was actually in good order - what we saw was not an actual issue with the roof - and that our roof had 8-10 more years of life.  He went further and recommended some things that should be done -- and here is the best part -- they told us what and how to do it all ourselves.  The cost for this was exactly $0.  We will definitely be calling them when we do need more extensive repairs.
5	Perfect from start to finish.  I wanted to wait a few months and make sure everything was done as expected.  We did a layover my current asphalt shingle roof.  Jared came out, walked me through the whole process and why Lyons would be happy to do this job.  I made it very clear that I was going to have multiple quotes done and he gave me some great tips and questions to ask.  After that whole process they were a bit higher than most (about $1000).  After a conversation with Jared he was able to make the number fit a bit better.  My concern was quality over price and I made that very clear to all roofers who came out for an inspection/estimate.  They came out on time to start the job.  The crew was very informative and courteous.  The job took about 2 days longer than anticipated....BUT, I wasn't going to be home, and it was my roof.  It could have taken them a month and it wouldn't have hurt my feelings.  When I got home from my trip I had a new roof, new ridge top vent, new chimney cover, painted roof fixtures, and a new ac unit put back exactly as it should have been.  Yard was spotless as well.  I would recommend these guys to anyone.  Another very deciding factor, was they would handle any and all insurance clams due to hail, rain, or wind.  That's really important as those things are common here in Arizona.  Piece of mind, from a great LOCAL company, that follows that up with great work!
4	If you are unable to schedule an appointment over the phone, I would send a request through their website rather than have the scheduler call you back. For some reason she didn't get my message, but did get my online request. I got a call within 24 hrs after sending my online request. Once my appointment was scheduled, they sent me an email with my appointment information and my inspector's contact info. My inspector was Lou Ann, who was a delight to work with. She called the night before to confirm the appointment and called 30 mins before the appointment to let me know that she may be 10 mins late. She was right on time. She knew that I had a limited budget, so she went over various options with me that could help save money. She had all of the information she needed to quote the job in the computer in her truck, so she was able to put together the quote and an estimated date for the job on the spot. All said, we did not end up using Lyons. The reason we did not use Lyons is because we had a tight timeline and they were not able to fit us in within that timeline.
5	If you want a roofing company that knows what they're doing (&, obviously, all of us do, right?), takes the time to make sure YOU know what they're doing & why they're doing it, & most importantly, won't try to swindle those of us who know nothing about roof durability & proper repair techniques, then Lyons Roofing is the company you want in your corner.  A very informative project specialist (Lou Ann) came by two days after my initial request for an appointment to assess damage to some clay tiles on the exterior portion of our complicated roof (pitches here, valleys there & flat, rolled roof areas on yet another portion) & to scope out a rather suspicious bulge in our interior kitchen ceiling.  She (yes, I said "she") came to the appointment prepared with a Google Earth color printout of our roof with the problem areas highlighted based on the cursory info I had given the wonderful person (Katherine) with whom I spoke with initially to schedule the appointment.  After getting the lay of the land by viewing the ceiling areas corresponding to the exterior distressed areas, she got on the roof, took lots of pictures & closely explored the questionable areas.  Once she'd thoroughly assessed the entire situation, she showed me the pics & explained what my builder had originally done, what she would recommend & how these adjustments would fare over time taking into consideration the penetrating Arizona heat & how long-term sun exposure could affect the repairs, etc.  Each person I came in contact with from Lyons was extremely professional & very accommodating.  When planning for the repairs, they were very mindful of my budget & considered every aspect of the job to make sure it fell in line with exactly what we originally discussed with no surprises in the end.  This is the company you want making repairs to your roof - they have the knowledge & expertise to get the job done right & don't attempt to take advantage of the lesser experienced homeowner.
5	I made an appointment online the night of a heavy downpour that really started to come in at the damaged roof area.  I selected to be contacted ASAP and indicated PM as the best time to call.  They got back to me the next day at around 1:30pm, asked me questions about the damage, answered my questions and scheduled  an appointment.The pricing was tough but for the quality of service and craftsmanship they provided, I think the price was an excellent value.  It's been over a year and a half and I've had no leaks or issues with the repairs.  We've had some pretty bad storms in the past year and everything's held up.I would recommend them to anyone looking for quality roof repair.
2	I made an appointment for someone to take a look at my roof.  They were 15min late so I just left since this was for a rental.  They called me later and said I didn't need to be there, which was not what I was told by the person who set up the appointment in the first place.  So this was on the 16th and sure its the holidays, but why does it take this long to drum up a bid?  So I sent a message through the website to which I didn't receive any response.  Then I called and an answering service took a message saying they were open that day and would call me back.  I've pretty much given up on this company at this point.  :/
5	Wonderful!  Just amazing. With all the recent storms in Phoenix, trying to find someone to come over "asap" was proving to be quite the obstacle.  I called and just a few hours later I have two gentleman at my door and on my roof.  They were originally going to place a tarp until an estimator could come take a look but as it turns out they made a quick trip to Home Depot and not 20 minutes later they were done and my vent cover (brand new AND PAINTED to match my house) was installed and complete. Call these people.  Angelic in the office was very, very helpful with scheduling and payment.  Thank you.
2	To start, I really liked our estimator and everyone seemed very professional and great to work with.  I have no doubt their work would be good, the pricing though felt fishy.  I just post this as a word of caution.We have had an aweful time with our previous roofer, the roof we had Lyons look at was only three years old.  The estimator was able to come to our house early, and beat me there.  He called me from the roof and asked why he was there, it was a new roof.  He was adamant we were to contact the contractor's board (we're past the two year statute of limitations and had exhausted the previous roofer with requests to fix the damaged boards around the chimney and the AC unit).  When I explained he said well, if you want to spend your money we can help with that, he said jokingly.He said the roof was in good shape, then after reviewing the inspection report he went back up on the roof and came back with a quote for an entirely new roof, twice the price of the original bad roof and literally $12,000 over the other two bids we recieved. Maybe he felt that we were wasting our time because he brought up the contractor's board several times, maybe he hoped it would turn into a lawsuit.  We've exhausted all optioins and just wanted it fixed with no lawyers. Not sure what happened here but if you decide to use them, be sure and get more than one quote!
