5	Keep on expanding Dutch Bros!  A new location closer to my work and to the 51 freeway.  The Kicker is still the best coffee no matter which way you order it, hot,cold, or ice blended.  A note those who are lactose intolerance, the iced blended are pre-blended with whole milk.
5	Great service with great products at a fair price. What more could you ask for..?
5	Once again another Dutch Bros. opens and once again the coffee is better than the last time.
5	Always friendly and always a good cup of joe!
4	I've been to this place only a handful of times.The people in the drive -thru have always been very nice and helpful too. The reason I like this place is they offer drinks with coconut milk! I think more coffee places need to do this! I'm trying to cut dairy out and I think this place is great for giving me another option to the regular cup of joe. It's a little pricey. Especially for their coffee. But it's not bad for every once in awhile.
5	awesome coffee, amazing customer service, super quick if you're on the go.  everyone there is really friendly, outgoing, engaging, and genuinely happy to be working there.  makes you feel alive at 6 in the morning.
5	Delicious coffee & comically sweet & upbeat employees. I can't help but smile every time I go through their drive through. Love the consistency!
5	I like their coffee but TBT, I go here 4-5 times a week because these friendly, cute-as-buttons, baristas are a fun way to jazz up my morning commute. The coffee is hot and the wait is quick, as the music is loud and there are Dutchbie smiles galore!!! These baristas are as fun, lively, purely delightful as the coffee is strong.
5	This place makes my day every time I visit. Fun people, fantastic music, and incredible coffee. I can't get enough of this place! Skip Starbucks, go Dutch!!!
4	Every Dutch Brothers coffee stand that I have been to in the valley has been filled with super friendly baristas having what can only be considered a dance party inside the window.This specific DB has some awesome employees that create great tasting drinks and make you feel like a regular, even when you're not.My suggestions for drinks (they're sweet, so if you're not into that, don't listen to me) are the Cocomo (Mocha and Coconut) and the Kicker (Irish Cream). They can be made hot or iced, and they're always made fabulously by these kids.
4	What other coffee place is jammin to dance music at 7 in the morning? They make a mean drink too ! So grab your friends and your stamp card and head on down to this gem in the desert
4	Again, Great Coffee, Great people.  A little less of a Line than the central store.
5	Very convenient place to grab coffee in the am, staff does a good job waking me up w/ Miley Cyrus blasting through the speakers. Everyone at this location super cool.
3	Biggest complaint, the terrible electronica music blarring. The staff is at times too chatty, but I get it, that's their thing. Quick and easy, esp when I don't want to take my daughter out of the car. Many locations, have a different level of service/chattiness and this one seems to always have the loudest of the terrible electronica music blarring. Their coffee is neither terrible or spectacular, it's what it is, and that's predictable, which is as nice as convient. Another good thing is they do frequent double/triple, etc stamps, and often donate proceeds to charities, a HUGE plus for me.
5	This place is awesome!  Super duper friendly and quick service.  I usually get my Chai Vanilla Latte at Starbucks but since there wasn't around (shocker) I pulled into Dutch Brothers.  Can I just say, "Good bye, Starbucks, HELLO Dutch Brothers!"  Their chai BLOWS starbucks away.  I can't want to come back and try out their other drinks.  I heard they have one that's made out of chocolate milk. Yes, please.
2	By its name I had expected it to be kinda dour, simple, good-quality, and cheap. I expected low-key service from unassuming staff in clean uniforms. Because "Dutch", you see? The Dutch are cheap and dour.  What do I get?I get an expensive, subaverage cup of coffee served up by the cast of a Summerstock production of "Godspell". I think whereas Starbux has mined the ranks of disillusioned business and communications majors who found their BS's and BA's bought them nothing but sorrow and attitude, Dutch Bros seems to have camped out at the exit line at graduation from gender studies and art therapy programs. I'll tell you what: I don't think I'm the only one around who would patronize a drive-thru called "No Shit: Just Coffee". I am sure there are millions upon millions of people who would go out of their way for that."No Shit: Just Coffee". Someone. Take it and run with it.
5	Dutch Bros Rocks!! Every time I come here, the employees are super happy and in such good spirits, singing and rocking out inside! (Makes me wonder what they put in their coffee! Just kidding!). I truly love the coffee drinks here and if your like me after working 4 12hr shifts in a row, go for the ER 911!! 6 shot expresso drink gets me through that last of 4!! Woohoo, love me some Dutch Bros!!
4	Whenever I want a plain coffee i go here. I always get in and out quickly and the baristas are always super friendly. I'm not a huge fan of their flavored lattes but you can't go wrong with their plain coffee. It's delicious
5	I probably stop in here 4-6 times a week for the past year. This is my favorite, go to location. I love all the staff, my service is always amazing and fast and my drinks rock. I love their promotions/fun merchandise/atmosphere. Go Dutch Bros!
5	I stop at this location almost every other day for my iced white mocha. The staff is fun, friendly and quick. I always pull out of this drive thru in a much better mood then when I pulled in. I've never seen anyone on the staff without a smile on their face. They truly do brighten up my day every single time. And the coffee is great!
5	Amazing coffee Great service !!!!!
5	We keep trying other coffee shops and always end up coming back to Dutch Bros. The Cocomo is my absolute favorite. Even the skinny version is great! The staff is nice and some of the girls remember my kids' names, which I think is sweet. Glad they are so close to our house! Oh, and don't forget to get a punch card. You'll fill it up quicker than you think and get a free drink!
5	Love!
5	It's my first time here and it was Fantastic. They have great people, amazing coffee,and it's a cute little place!!
5	Love coming here for some coffee on a late studying night where I know i'll definitely need it. Also have had their iced double dirty chai latte and it's absolutely delicious. I bring my pup with me sometimes and they give her a doggy treat! People that work here are always energetic -love it
4	Dutch Brothers is always an interesting place to visit. Lots of good people watching, interesting, talkative employees and great coffee. I'm a black coffee drinker so I have never tried their foo foo drinks but they do sell a lot of them. For the best Americano in the valley I go to Dutch Brothers.
1	Long line in drive-thru.  Obnoxiously perky employees.  Skunky, overpriced coffee.  Avoid!
5	Amazing!!!! Love the large annihilator w/ an extra shot! The line is always super short. Not to mention the superb customer service.  I can see how some people would think it's annoying but no no no not me at all! It only adds to the experience in my opinion! Been there several times each time is still an outstanding visit. One visit I had no small bills and the employer said it's totally fine let me write down your total and you hit us back next time.  Luckily, I had a credit card!  (;
5	Nice people. Love how all the workers engage in conversation with all their customer. They also remember what you order. I like to switch it up on them now and then... feeling bad that they pre-made what I would normally order, tho. Coffee is a great way to jump start the morning or afternoon but a nice smile does wonders. Thanks home-skillets!
4	Ok, here's the skinny on my coffee. All I wanted was a cup of black coffee. However, they don't have any. Yup, none. They have espresso. So you can get an Americano but no regular coffee. So I thought ok, not my cup of tea, haha, maybe a latte. Just a plain old latte no flavors no bells no whistles. $5.25. ?$&@? $5.25????? Do you finance? Cuz I need 2. I was in the drive thru but I thought "Hell No!" So I said "no thanks" and then it got weird. She said we'll hook you up today. Having been a victim of telemarketers in the past I was unclear as to what she meant. So I asked. She said "on the house today." So of course I'm going to try their coffee, (latte), now. It was one of the best lattes I've had. Very tasty. Rich, smooth and just hot enough. It would have been worth the $5.25. I gave them 4 stars cuz they don't have regular coffee.
4	SHUT. UP. There's a Dutch Bro's at 12th St and Glendale? Where have I been?Anyway. I like this joint a lot. It's not THE fastest but the coffee and the company are consistent and they have lots of creative jet fuel options when I'm draggin. The cracked out caffeine head employees almost make me miss my barista days at the 'bux....almost. I like the loyalty card too - the Starbucks Gold program is up to TWELVE stars now so the Dutch Mafia keeping it to ten is nice. Based on these yelp reviews I got a good ol' Americano, and it was really great. Keep them coming, DB.
5	I was first introduced to Dutch Bros. about 2 years ago, when this location was built right down the street from me. They were offering free drinks for their grand opening, so I thought I'd give them a try. I ordered the most chocolately thing on the menu (double chocolate mocha - I had mine blended), and I was hooked. I started going here 2x per week (and I gained some pounds as a result) because it was so good and so convenient.Now, about the location itself. They have one drive-through window and one walk-up window. They are not typically super busy, which is nice because I'm usually in and out within 5-10 minutes. The employees are always super-friendly - I've never had a bad experience with any of them. Unfortunately, I am not able to frequent this location as often because I moved across town, but I will stop by every once in awhile during a work break if I'm needing my Dutch Bros. fix.In addition to the great prices, excellent service, and great coffee, they also do many promotions and fundraisers. This is a great company that I hope is around for a long time!
4	Everyone is so chipper at this location and I think they make the best iced coconut latte. Even better than my top go to spot. Served up cold, speedy with a wagging pony tail and Orbit super clean bright smile too boot.  Thanks for the extra punch on my frequent coffee card. You always make my day.
5	OK - So, I miss lots of things about Phoenix, but Dutch Bros is at the top of the list. Didn't have one close to my house so it was always a treat to grab an iced coffee on a lazy Sunday or during a crazy day full of errands. Thinking about it actually makes me feel nostalgic... yikes - good job, Dutch Bros!
5	Fast service && great mixed drinks for anytime of day! (NOTE: i din't think they sell alcohol!!! Sorry no happy hour here) BUT... they do hand out vouchure for evry beverage purhased && once your card is stamped up YOU my friend have won not a buy on get one half off drink BUT a entirely FREE ICED OR HOT BEVERAGE (smoothie, tea or coffee) P.S. You need about 10stamps on your card! But fear not, MY FRIEND every week they feature 2 Stamp Tuesday!!! Oh yeah, baby! My faves are the smoothies (strawberry banana, mixedberry or green apple) blended with icecream, which is so yummy!$5 and the award winning SOY CHIA TEA LATTE WITH BROWNSUGAR also $5
3	Have only been once in the afternoon, seemed like a long wait for only two cars ahead of me. I waited longer than 10 minutes. Smoothy was perfect for how hot it was outside & extremely tasty. I thought $5 for a medium smoothy was a little pricey, but they do specialize in coffee and were open at 2pm. Good location being right on the corner.
5	Really like this place a lot! Great people that works there! Amazing white mocha drink!
5	There is nothing better on earth than Dutch Bros. Employees make you feel special and welcome, no matter what time of day it is, no matter what temp it is outside, and no matter how many people are in line ahead of you. Nobody ever seems frazzled here. Only excited (sometimes too excited actually, haha).You get a giant delicious double americano here for 2.50. I'm looking forward to the day they offer a "small" option that packs more of a punch! The 10-spot stamp card is a huge perk and Tuesdays are "double stamp" day. My only complaint is that the parking lot and drive thru line get PACKED here during the morning commute. There's nothing they can do to change it I suppose, and I've gone plenty of times in the middle of the day when there's been no line, but know that parking and/or waiting in the short drive thru may be a brief (but worth it) nightmare if you go before work. One of my favorite parts of the day is visiting Dutch Bros for my coffee!
3	I've heard good things about Dutch Bros and today I am trying it for the first time. At this moment I am still in line (the standing line) and have been for 20 minutes. I still do not have a coffee. Yet, MANY cars have come through the drive thru and received their coffee. I am sure the coffee will be good but this is ridiculous that the staff takes this long for the folks outside. This isn't a sit down restaurant - it's a small store front. There is no reason for coffee to take this long.
4	For faster service: park, get out of your car, and walk up to the window.
5	I love this place! The people who work there are so polite and energetic. I also like the prices its a lot better then Starbucks (:
5	Love this place and my boy Q hooked it up! All the barristas are great but Q is the best!
2	Bleh bleh bleh bleh! Fairly disappointed with this location. Drink Dutch bros coffee almost every day when I'm in town but this location comes in below the bar for sure. No issues with service or personality but when you specialize in coffee I would expect it not to taste like my beans were burnt to a crisp in a pan full of oil. This experience will not not stop me from returning to my usual locations but will definitely find a new spot on this side of town.
4	Convenient location with a drive through, super energetic and friendly staff and great beverages!  I thoroughly enjoyed my cherry Dutch soda with cream...yummy!
