4	I once went to a dentist (Absolute Dental) who told me I had 8 cavities.  EIGHT cavities.  I take really great care of my teeth so this was a HUGE surprise to me.I went to Warm Springs Dental to get a second opinion.  Guess what... they said I had ZERO cavities.  They got my x-rays from the previous dentist that I brought.  I guess they were pretty terrible cause they re-took them all free of charge.  Anyway, this was all a few years back and I'm still a regular here!I've never had to wait for any of my appointments.  Maybe just a couple minutes, then I'm usually called in right away.  Every room as the TV right in front of you and the remote handy to change the channel to whatever you want.  It's a great distraction for me while they're digging into my mouth.  The hygienists are all skilled and nice and the docs are really great too.  I see Dr. Nisson and he's pretty friendly and a dentist that I can trust.  The office is clean, never over crowded, and they have all their processes down pat.  You're in and out with no confusion any of the time.  I once had some issues with my insurance due to my name changing... they took care of everything before I even knew there were any issues!I admit going to the dentist is pretty crappy... but at least Warm Springs Dental makes it a little less crappy. =)
5	All of the dentists here are awesome. The staff is friendly and efficient. You get a TV and a choice of what YOU want to watch during a procedure. WSD has been my dentist since I moved to Henderson almost 3 years ago. They get you in a chair and out the door in no time. They make going to the dentist easy and worry free.From the office staff to the hygienists to the dentists themselves, everyone is all smiles and incredibly warm. They even have evening appointments for us working class folks!
5	I recently had to have a root canal and new porcelain crown put on. With their new CEREC machine, the doctor made my crown while he was doing the root canal. I was in and out in about an hour and a half. No second appointment to install the crown. Woo Hoo!
5	i have been coming here since i was a little girl. Dr Timpson is the best. hes so gentle and kind. makes going to the dentist a little less sucky :) very reasonable for people with out insurance. 65 bucks for a whole teeth cleaning with Xrays! the office and rooms are very clean and stylish. theres even a personal TV in every room, and you have access to a remote so you can feel a little more comfortable even if your mouth hurts. Tammy at the front is a total sweetheart and very accommodating. I highly reccommend this dentist office.
5	CARDINAL AND GOLDWhenever you relocate to another community,  there are specific care and service professionals who are essential in making your transition complete. Hairstylist, manicurist,  physical trainer, physician, and dentist. All these professionals are important in keeping you healthy and happier. The process is not perfect meaning it takes time and willingness to make changes when the service doesn't meet your expectations.This dental practice is not in a fancy highrise. You park your vehicle within a few feet of their front door. Single story building shared with an oral surgeon group. Walk directly into their cardinal colored carpeted and furnished wait room.  Do the usual sign in sheet and take a seat. Some visits they see you post haste. Other times no more than twenty minutes or less. Whats behind the semi translucent door is the gold.We've been coming to Warm Spring Dental going on ten years. There were referred by our primary family physican who also sees them.  Sometimes we run into each other and say hi. The gold behind the door is the highly skilled and compassionate group of full time dental hygienists and the dentists who happened to all graduate from USC Dental School. As a group they have an advantage of staying on top of the latest dental technology including investing in the latest gadgets that would benefit their patients.Over the years they have corrected most of my previous dental work by other dentists. Learned the expensive way that there are a few dentists out there who will compromise professional integrity and your health for profit. Putting it another way they'll utilize shortcuts.There are many honest and patient loving dentists out there; we are most fortunate to have Warm Springs Dental.
