4	The Edinburgh Corn Exchange is a fantastic venue for all sorts of events. I went to see Goldfrapp play here not too long ago and it was fantastic. They layout of the main venue was just perfect for a big gig like that as it gave a good balance between being a huge spectacle but also feeling surprisingly intimate for such a large space.  I have also been to a couple of fashion shows here and they were also great due to the interesting things they can do with the catwalk in a space like the Corn Exchange. A friend of mine went to view the Corn Exchange as a wedding venue and she came back with hundreds of information about the options available. This venue is hugely versatile when it comes to weddings and they can accommodate all sizes and themes from the ultra modern to a more traditional feel. The beautiful things they can do with the lighting are just incredible and the photos in the brochure my friend showed me of previous weddings are stunning. It isn't a cheap venue to hire but if you've got the money I would definitely add it to your list of possibilities.
4	Edinburgh Corn Exchange is a huge, versatile venue. Back in 2007 we had our Freshers Ball here. It was great fun, if a little too big for the numbers attending. But that wasn't the venues fault. The main hall reminds me of an old school ballroom. It feels quite big and grand, and would be perfect for a number of events. I have attended a few gigs here and its amazing how many people you can fit in here without it feeling to crowded. It works great for a gig venue as there is plenty of exits to get to the bar so you don't spend most of the gig trying to get through the crowd. There is a massive Asda next door so you can pick up some munch before/after your event and there are plenty of buses into town from here. Definitely one of Edinburgh's best venues.
4	I only recently made my debut at the Corn Exchange in 2009, to watch Biffy tear up some riffs in their homeland.Security was tight at the door but that's to be expected in this hyper vigilant day of age. But we never had any problems with the friendly security, so in we trotted!It's a very long venue with a low roof - an unusual shape for gigs. But I still managed to see a fair bit standing near the back. It's littered in pillars but since that's my only gripe it's not doing too badly!The Corn Exchange is much like a mixture of Glasgow's Carling Academy and the Barrowlands in terms of what artists play here. You can usually expect to find fairly high profile bands play gigs here, which is great since it's intimate enough to get a glimpse of your idols. Shortly after Biffy I saw Faith No More in what turned into an outstanding night. The acoustics were great and I was so close to the front I could see the beads of sweat forming on the outlandish Mike Patton's face. The band were cracking and the venue seemed fitting for the troupe of diehard fans it held within its walls. Due to the low ceilings and its length I thought lingering at the back was going to spoil my evenings spent here, but I never had any problems. It wasn't as claustrophobic as it first appeared, there was no trouble and we didn't feel as though staff were ushering us out the venue. It was pretty relaxed and security had no problems shepherding people out the narrow doors.My only tip would be to getting to the bar as soon as doors open since it is normally rammed. It was the only place in the venue I felt cramped so make sure you push your way forward before the hoards appear! And take a fair amount of money too as it's leaning a bit on the pricey side. Other than that, I love the Exchange.
4	I've been to see a lot of gigs, in a lot of places - and up there, in the top ten, is easily the Edinburgh Corn Exchange. If there is a band coming to Edinburgh who are big, they will be making their appearance here. The venue is pretty small really, considering it is the main music venue in Edinburgh - which poses a lot of problems. Firstly, its difficult to get tickets for the really popular bands - being so small, Corn Exchange sells out fast. Secondly, if you do make it, you are so jammed in even a mosh pit would feel more comfortable. However, as I said, I like this place. The gigs here are always excellent, and most times feel intimate and well connected. The atmosphere is alays amazing, friendly and excited all at the smae time. The bar staff work very hard, and while the drinks can be on the expensive side, there is a huge selection and it always hits the spot - because it gets very hot and sweaty at times.A great music venue, but you'll need to be quick to experience it.
5	The Corn Exchange is a great venue in which to see bands play, it's a similar size to the Barrowlands in Glasgow: probably best described as pleasantly medium. It's large enough to host big names like The Prodigy, but small enough to retain some semblance of character, soul and, to an extent, intimacy. If you're brave (or young) enough to stand at the front, you'll be guaranteed an up close and personal view of the band (and bruised ribs), but even if you stand further back you can still see all the action. The bars can get ridiculously busy and the drinks are quite expensive, but this is true of most live music venues. Its Slateford location is slightly out of the way, but catching a bus over to the west of the city is far preferable to faffing about with trains to Glasgow.
3	Edinburgh's Corn Exchange is just one of many gig venues across the city.  I have visited once: a couple of years ago for a KT Tunstall gig.  This was my first gig, and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  With KT Tunstall, you have a performer who was note perfect throughout with not a hint of miming.  But anyway, I'm reviewing the venue and not Ms Tunstall.The Corn Exchange markets itself as Edinburgh's "premier venue" for all of your event needs.  I was impressed with the facilities they offered, and though the main hall is not massive compared to other gig venues, it was perfectly suited to the KT Tunstall gig.  I agree with Lisa's review, which speaks of the feel of the big gig in a small space.  I think this description suits the Corn Exchange well.Yes, it was warm in there, and we were all packed in pretty tightly, but I didn't feel at any point like I didn't want to be there.  It doesn't seem to get many of the well-known bands playing there - these now seem to be catered for at the HMV Picture House and other places.  For me, it seems that Edinburgh still lacks that killer music venue, which Glasgow seems to have lots of.  It makes up for this with plenty of smaller venues though.All told, a pretty good venue that is now being usurped by the Picture House in some ways.
3	This was the venue for my graduation ball and it was a great night made better by this venue. There are three inside areas and outdoor decking for smokers.In one room there was a stage and DJ which I imagine is where they hold gigs. I thought it made for a really good atmosphere. Loads of seats and tables dotted around but enough room to have a big dance floor and be able to get close to the stage. There is a bar area that runs down the middle of the venue that is a perfect meeting point for when we lost people over the course of the evening! I thought the drinks prices were reasonable but was told that on a night when they have a gig or event it is much more expensive.My main problem with the Corn Exchange was the location, its kind of in the middle of nowhere and getting taxis afterwards was a nightmare. As everyone left at once it was a mad dash to get to the few taxi that were there. Even if you booked one beforehand it was hard to know which was yours. Granted we were a bunch of drunken graduates but I imagine the situation would be the same after a gig so be warned!The other problem with the location was nowhere to go before or after which again, as a gig venue I would find frustrating. However, if you are making an evening of it at a reception, dinner and ball as we did its great.
3	The Corn Exchange is considered to be one of the best places to see a gig in Edinburgh! I have been to many gigs and many venues in the city and from experience I would say that the reputation, the Corn Exchange has, is slightly over hyped! Yes, I have seen a great gig there by the Dead Weather and sadly a gig by the Feeling there. And both times the sound quality has been less than brilliant! The space in front of the stage is quite large but as you go further back people are blocked by the giant pillars which surround the entire hall. Furthermore more, it seems to me that people at the back of the hall get bored and start yelling and generally being annoying when the band is on!The bar outside the hall sells drinks at quite expensive prices. And even getting to the place requires a bus journey or an expensive taxi journey.Alright I suppose, but there are better venues in the centre of town!
3	I have had mixed experiences of the Corn Exchange. I had my grad ball there, and it was perfect for that, with two big rooms, one for a ceilidh and the other for a meal, DJ set and casino rolled in one. For this it coped admirably, being spacious enough to accommodate everyone, and it seemed most people had a good time. The staff there were great, and still really friendly, despite serving thousands of drunk students.The other time was for a gig which wasn't so good. You notice how low the ceilings are and it feels a bit cramped, in a bad way. Also the acoustics are absolutely piss, nothing on the HMV Picture House. For gigs as well, the venue is pretty small, meaning everyone is crushed in together.The bar is pretty pricey, as you'd expect from a venue like this, and it is just a little bit too far out of town to be easily accessible. It involves irritating bus journeys or cabs. Apart from that though, it's not a terrible place to have an event, just not great either.
3	I popped my Corn Exchange cherry here recently at a Jimmy Eat World gig (oh yeah, old school baby). Hands down without a doubt 5 stars to Jimmy themselves. Stellar performance, woo boy.As for the Corn Exchange, it's a-ok as far as venues go. The biggest downfall being that it's so far out of the way. An hour walk from Tollcross (ish) but fairly regular bus routes (34, 35 from Tollcross and 44 from West End). It's just not that convenient, and in typical Scottish summer or winters leads to wet, miserable post-gig syndrome standing at a bus stop. It is next to a huge 24 hour Asdas though which is great for post-gig water and snackage.It's also a bit uninspiring as a venue. Literally, a big open hall. It looks kind of like a community centre or school auditorium. On the plus there were three bars (a big one and two in the actual hall), lots of toilets which were kept clean, lots of staff, security and medical staff on hand. The whole gig experience was a pleasant one all in all.So whilst it was hassle free and a good gig (AWESOME music, or did I already cover that?), it just didn't exemplify the band any. The acoustics and sound setup was also good, but there was just no atmosphere...before they launched into Salt, Sweat Sugar. Yeah the band brought the atmosphere, the venue is just pretty basic but at least covers all the essentials.I'd definitely come back here for a gig, but can't say it's a venue that would inspire excitement.
2	At 5ft small I am perhaps a little biased when it comes to reviewing gig venues. I'd easily award 3 stars for a decent view of the band. But in this case, it's not just the awkward shape and view-blocking pillars I don't rate. I've seen some stellar performances here - The National, Fleet Foxes, and Portishead to name a few. But listening to a great band at the Corn Exchange is like watching a great film on a mobile phone. It does the job but with a fraction of the quality and atmosphere other Edinburgh venues have to offer. Being a fair distance from the City Centre I usually spend the long walk home declaring I will never return and yet there's always another gig that lures me back.
2	When I told everyone, excited out of my mind that I was going to see The Black Keys at Corn Exchange - the first thing that came out of their mouth was a massive groan and then they said it was a shitty venue.Everyone was completely right.The Black Keys are unendingly talented and brilliant and perfect and life-changing...so they overcame this shitty venueness. Any other band in the universe - I would have killed myself. Advice: Bring gum so you can put that shit in pushy bitches' hair. America plug: 21+ is awesome because there is NEVER anyone 16 there. Drunk 16 year olds are literally the worst people in the whole f**king world.
4	I visited the ECE last Saturday for a Bolli & Burlesque Show. The Venue was easy to locate, with a taxi. A Lothian Bus #35 goes here too, but that will take you all around the city. On arrival the entrance was clearly signposted and we decided to go have a little drink in The Pub. Which is part of the venue. On arrival we were advised that the tables with numbers were reserved. Luckily we found a table for 4 unreserved right in the reserved section. This gave us a great view of the stage. It is indeed a big hall, but with some clever (black) lighting it felt cosy enough.There was only one bar in the main hall, which required 3 deep queueing, but the staff was efficient and not too flustered. They were fine refilling the water jugs that were present on every table. Cleaning the glassware was done regularly. The show was good and viewable from any angle. Sound was loud enough and no dead spots. I would recommend to visit this place when there is a sit down cabaret performance as after the show the dance floor opened op (removing some tables and this place is then a little crowded. A good time was had by all, I felt taken care of by the staff.
