3	I really like Oasis, and all their clothes are really nice....but I've found that with this store they tend to put all their effort into their window displays and not the actual store.Don't get me wrong, the displays are brilliant, but it's at the cost of the shop floor. It's a bit like a constant sale, always having to rummage for what you want in the right size. When you get it though, it's great.the staff are really nice too, really trendy and always work the clothes well. On more than one occasion I've bought an outfit I've seen modeled on the staff. The upstairs is much better than downstairs, and  their accessory area can get a bit crowded.
3	Everything in Oasis is... nice. I feel like every time I go into Oasis, high street fashion has moved on leaps and bounds but Oasis is still stuck in what was trendy five years ago. I am never inspired by the clothes in here as they all border on Marks and Spencers "safe" fashion. And the price is way more than I am willing to pay. That being said, if you worked in an office there is a lot of office appropriate clothes here which are perhaps a bit more interesting than the black trousers/white shirt combo. Also, I picked up a rather cute bikini here for my summer holiday in the winter sale and it was only a fiver. Bargain for Oasis and it was actually bang on trend.
2	Hmm... I'm not really sure how to feel about Oasis, whenever I pop in I always leave feeling rather uninspired. The window displays are usually very nice and I also like Oasis bags which come with the Oasis logo and a flowery pattern but the fact that I prefer their bags to their clothes is probably not a good thing.I'd put Oasis in the same category as the likes of Wallis and Dorothy Perkins except it's twice as expensive. I'm not really sure how they get away charging so much more than other High Street stores, particularly when it's never exactly bursting with customers.Oasis is just very twee and everything is either quite frumpy and mumsy or very low cut and a little bit trashy looking, it's not really my bag. It's really boring. It also seems quite confused itself, who exactly are Oasis target audience? Sack the stylists!
