4	Really nicely set up and I enjoyed shopping here.  The prices seem good to better than other grocery stores including Wal-Mart.  The only thing I noticed that was priced higher at Sprouts was my yogurt and the milk.  I found the produce selection to be impressive.  The store was very clean.  The other customers seemed to be more on the yuppie side.  Fun people watching.  The only reason I reserve a five star review is the produce guy was rude when I asked if the eggplants I had chosen were organic. Note to other new shoppers:  They have green produce bags for the organic produce and clear bags for the conventional produce.  Hey guy, I am a first time shopper try some patience with the customers.  Oh well that is on him for being an asshat.  I reccomend overall.
5	So nice to have a sprouts nearby now. Great selection of produce and meats. Can't beat the already prepared meals for price and convenience.
5	Welcome Sprouts to 16th Street & Glendale!!!  We are soooo happy you're here!!!
4	Sprouts is taking over the town. Now every where I look there is a Sprouts. It used to be so hard to find.Anyway, I do love Sprouts ,they have so many things that are sooo good for you.Their Produce is really good and local which is great for everyone involved.They are not quite as high as Whole foods but, they are climbing up there. I bought a Chicken that was already cooked, but I was disappointed in the lack of information on the package. It did not say where the chicken came from, or if it was organic , or free range.One of my favorite things to get here is Buffalo Meat. I notice that has gone up in price as well. But, this is the wave of the future..5cents off for each bag of your own that you bring in. Always a plus.I also got some fabulous Flax Seed gluten free bread which was really nice.Great to have more and more healthy stores around the town now.
5	Very excited to have Sprouts in the neighborhood!They have a great selection of health conscious products.The staff were very nice the couple times I've been there.
5	I was excited that they opened Sprouts down in this area.  So, I finally went to Sprouts last night with my sister.  She wanted to go there for a couple of things on our way back from our mom's house.  This Sprout is really nice.  It seems a little bigger than the other Sprouts around town. That is fine with me.  That means more grocery's to pay. :)  I will be definitely shopping here for all of my groceries.  I love there produce selections. They always have a great variety of fruit and vegetables that are organic. Sprouts are a great place to shop for your groceries.  So, if you drive by on and keep something you should definitely stop.  :)
5	Brand new location. Staff was friendly and helpful. Look forward to shopping here often!
4	I love Sprouts for food. It's not a "supermarket" where you can get everything that you need for the house- Sprouts is about food and nutrition and fresh.Their sausages are made in-house and they're usually about $3 a pound for sweet or hot italian, brats, or chorizo. Their deli and bulk foods are typically a good value for the money and this particular Sprouts has the best looking seafood department in the area.It's hard to beat Sprouts' prices on produce and it's all gorgeous. I'm grateful that the old smelly Basha's is gone from this location and this shiny and clean Sprouts has taken its place. The parking lot is PACKED after work on weeknights, so be warned.
4	This is a very nice, clean, roomy store. Everyone has been very helpful when I have needed help to find things.What I especially like are the bulk spices. They now pour out of a jar instead of using a coffee scoop and the large jars of spices.The parking lot is very busy. I am always afraid someone is going to hit my vehicle. And parking is very tight.
4	I'm so happy that this location opened up right by where I live. The one on Indian School was SUCH a pain in the ass to get to! And this brand spankin' new location features a lot of upgrades that cause me to part with my money.Their meat department is really awesome and they have great choices of meat, poultry and seafood to choose from. I'm very happy with the cooked shrimp I picked up though the lady who looked after me was a bit, for lack of a better word, militant but oh well. Some of the other upgrades include an olive cart. I'm not a big fan of olives so may that's why I was amazed to see how many different offerings and preparations they had.I think the layout of this location is a vast improvement from the Indian School location. I always felt like I was lost in the other location but I always feel like I have my bearings at this location. As with locations they have great selection of bulk nuts and grains. I also could be mistaken but they also seem to have adjusted some of their prices to be competitive with other markets. If nothing else, I can pick up some uncured bacon here at or around the same cost as Basha's so this is just another feature that makes me a happy camper whenever I shop at this location.
5	Yes this IS as good as it gets. I have shopped several Sprouts but was thrilled to see this Sprouts going up in my area. Their produce is always the best and the best prices. Another thing I love are the bulk items and their meat department. It's hard to find grain fed and organic meat for a reasonable price. Thx!
4	Amazing energy in this new place.Staff are truly friendly...Lighting is bright and cheeryI recommend shopping here as its like a mini whole foods, but affordable
1	0 stars = a moonshineE. Glendale Ave, PHX, AZ 850161. Second Cashier:  The cashiers act as if they  have never taken a customer service class. They rather make snarky, brash, comments than just scan your food and say Have a Nice Day. But it is way too much for them just to hold their inner bitterness until the end of their shift...no they take their fatigue out on the customer. If you ask for paper bags, then you take a chance of being led to the guillotine with the horrible, nasty attitude because someone asked for paper bags before checkout. I will stay away from this location and go back to WholeFoods. At least I dont get my head chopped off because I requested paperbag over plastic.2. First cashier: Asked to help me, when I responded ok, she began checking someone whom jumped in front of me. Instead of telling the person who jumped the line, that she called on me first, she decided to help the customer that rudely jumped in front of me.I would not give this store any stars if the requirement was to proceed to posting. This store gets a butt moonshine.
4	New store, clean and bright. Customer service is good and good prices on produce.
5	This is where I now do 90% of my grocery shopping. As with most Sprouts stores, this is  big, clean, well-organized and with a friendly and helpful staff. It is easy for one who tries to live green and eat healthy to get stuff here because of the wide array of natural, green, and sustainably-produced foods and merchandise available here at good prices. That is not to say that all the stuff here is that way, but compared to most stores, this offers a wider array of such products, and much less of the other kinds loaded with unhealthy ingredients. Also, this is one of the best places to get a variety of gluten-free breads, pastries and snacks. In fact, I no longer feel deprived of pizza, one of my favorite foods, because of the variety of gluten-free frozen pizzas and pizza crusts that I can get there. I love it too that this is so near my regular hiking place, the Phoenix Mountains, so that this is a very frequent stop for me after hiking.
5	Love my Sprouts, Love my Sprouts!  I love Sprouts and this new location is awesome!  Very clean store, great produce and gluten free selections.  Always have in stock situations here as opposed to spottiness in other locations.  The ONLY downside is the parking lot which can be very tricky!  Be careful it's an odd configuration and cars speed through......I love the employees here, they are all super nice and say HI to you and the produce, meat and cheese selections are all fresh and inviting.  I love the selection of Health and Beauty at this store! Floor to ceiling!  I go out of my way to visit this location and while it's tied with 19th and Northern for my fav store.....for the next forseeable future, this is the winner due to the lovely lightrail construction on 19th!
3	I absolutely love sprouts. The sandwich deal is great but the wait is ridiculous long, the staff is not friendly, and 90% of the time they mess up my sandwich. I would rather pay $4-$5 and have better service.
4	I absolutely love Sprouts and was so happy when they finally opened a store near my home. First, the location is close and easy to access. The parking lot has plenty of spaces for parking and is easy to maneuver. Second, the service is always friendly. The staff is very knowledgeable about their products and where to find things in the store. Third, their produce is always fresh and they have a great selection of organic meats, veggies and fruits. And though the organic section is not very large, it is considerably larger than that which is found a Fry's or Safe Way. One thing that sets Sprouts apart from other grocery stores is their selection of granola, dried fruits, spices and snacks. They have entire isles dedicated to granola - which I love and make it easy because you can scoop the products into a bag and decide how much you need, rather than purchasing a pre-packaged item. The spices section is great because they allow you to scoop however much you need which is perfect for those odds and ends you don't use often, but may need for a special recipe. Their baked goods are always amazing- I'm a personal fan of the butterscotch muffins they make. I highly recommend checking out Sprouts if you've never been there, and if you have, you're probably already a fan!
2	The food and prices are great.   I often stop by on my way to work around 7:30 am to pick up a vegi sandwich for lunch.  Today I got the vegi sandwich and I filled out the little slip of paper with my order and put it in the basket that is indicated for sandwich orders.  A Deli worker watched me put it in the basket so I thought he would start my sandwich or notify the person who does sandwiches that it was there, so I walked to the back of the store and picked up a few grocery items, killing some time.  I assumed they would start on my sandwich because 1) someone saw me put the slip in the basket and 2) The place was empty.   I returned to the deli only to find that my order was still sitting in the basket!  So I spoke up to the people behind the counter and a young lady started on it right away.  I ordered the vegi sandwich and indicated on the order form that I wanted avocado and cheese.  She finished it and I went to check out and to validate another reviewer, the cashier was super UNfriendly and grumpy.  I realize its first thing in the AM but c'mon you are in a customer service job - at least give me a "hello" or a "have a nice day"...nothing.  I paid and left.  Well, now here I am at work and eating my lunch.  Well, I unwrap my sandwich and guess what - no avocado and no cheese! In my opinion these are essential items in a VEGI sandwich.  HUGE disappointment.  I guess if I order vegi sandwich in the future I'm going to have to be rude and open my wrapped up sandwich in front of them to make sure all the ingredients are in the sandwich.  This is the second time they messed up my sandwich by the way, so this was a second chance at redemption but turned out to be a big fail.  $2.99 is a good deal but not a good deal when customer service is so poor and the sandwich is not right.
5	Sprouts is one of my favorite grocery store options in Phoenix. They have great organic and quality food options, produce, meats, and even gluten-free fare. A deli has ready-to-eat options for those days when it's just too hot to cook (or when you just don't feel like cooking!). This store seems a bit bigger than other Sprouts I've visited, but I haven't figured out yet if it's that or just the layout. This store is clean and the employees are helpful and courteous. No matter what I buy, I'm always pleasantly surprised at how much I *didn't* spend. The prices here can rival Trader Joe's and are lower than the bigger chain grocery stores. I love shopping at Sprouts and I love having another one near me! This location may be slightly closer to me than my usual Sprouts; however, it's in an awkward shopping spot. It's in the shopping area on the SEC of North 16th St and Glendale Avenue, just off the AZ51. Several other shops are in this area and parking can be tight, depending on the time of day. Be careful around the McDonald's drive-thru traffic and the awkward traffic patterns in the parking lot.
5	I'm on that health kick. In need of fresh local produce for a good price. This store has it. I was excited when they moved in my neighborhood. I been trucking it to the 19th ave location now this one is a hop, skip, jump away. This Sprouts is in the old Bashas location that was around for many, many years. Since sprouts moved in I have never seen the parking lot so packed.I find just about all I need from, food, snacks, beverages, vitamins, and organic household goods. The store is neatly stock with plenty of items to choose from. Yummy Hot Turkey and Rotisserie Chicken to go. Quick meals prepared for those who have busy lives on the go. Snack bins sold by the pound from a large variety of options to select.The checkout lines are never too long. Plenty of cashiers to ring you up in a timely manner.
5	Just when I thought my neighborhood could not get any better, they put this new Sprouts in! I love it to the maximum. Clean, health food abundance, ample parking, sweet employees and Sprouts trademark goodness right down the block. My new favorite Sprouts in town. 5 stars! :-)
3	Love Sprouts! Great prices, especially on produce. The reason this location only gets 3 stars from me is because it is always absolutely freezing & it smells funny. I'm not normally a complainer but every single time I walk thru the doors I'm greeted by the cold & the stink & I wish I'd gone to the location on Miller.
3	I tend to think of Sprouts as the poor man's Whole Foods.  This location is much cleaner than the one on Indian School.  The selection of different organic items is good, but it can be tough to find kitchen basics.  One time a cashier expressed surprise at the cost of my Udon noodles.  So that was strange.
4	I am so conveniently located to this place, its become the number one shopping destination for our food and wine!  My wife love's the produce and organic product options, I love the meats and beer selection.  They are great when anything you purchase isn't to your liking.. they simply refund your money.  The only downside is the checkout line is often a bit of a bottleneck, so pick your line carefully!
4	Awesome fresh fruits and veggies.Excellent meat and seafood counter with lots of extra tasty treats.Excellent selection of dairy / soy / almond / coconut beverages.Excellent selection of cheeses.Really nice staff.I'd give this place 5 stars, but the parking lot can be a nightmare if you come during peak times.
3	I buy all my frozen and fresh veggies/fruits for smoothies, UDO's oil etc. etc...from Sprouts.Just recently I started to buy their sandwiches as well - Constructive advice: when a person comes to the counter, GREET THEM - say something like. "We'll be right with you, I'm just finishing up w/ this customer." Or just eye contact and a nod would maybe suffice...NOT 1 person fulfilling an order - 3 other people cleaning things, walking around and for 5 minutes no acknowledgement of a customers presence.It just doesn't feel good...I will try it again...but if it's the first 3 times....and no real 'service mindedness' ...I won't be buying anything more from the deli.
5	What is there to not love about Sprouts?!  I truly enjoy my experience every time I visit here, and while I do not do my weekly grocery shopping here, what draws me in is the quality and fair priced produce, delicious deli options, and most importantly, their tasty and bang-for-your-buck custom made sandwiches!
4	Wonderful produce;  Great meat counter with helpful service.  It is my favorite place to shop for groceries.
4	This store,  as usual, was very clean, well organized and the presentation of their products is attractive. What I like best about Sprouts Farmers Market is their spices & bins. If you want to prepare a special meal you do not have to buy huge quantities of the ingredients.  This is the one key reason I find myself returning again and again.
5	My favorite sprouts in town!No seriously I recently moved to the avenue side from the street side, and this store is so great I drive an extra 20 minutes, past 2 other locations to shop here. My family eats A LOT of fruits and vegetables, like more than half of my groceries consist of fruit and vegetables. I try to consolidate my shopping as much as possible and this store makes that happen. The produce is extremely fresh and always in stock, they have really nice butchers and the meat is always good cuts as well. They have a bulk section as well which has a really good selection. The store is super clean, the employees are always nice to me and not only greet me but offer to help without me asking. The cashiers are quick and friendly as well. No complaints! I love this store!
1	I rarely give bad reviews of places- I tend to only Yelp when I have something positive to say. Unfortunately. an experience this weekend put me off of this particular Sprouts, which is a shame, as it was the first time I had been to one in Arizona since moving, and have been enjoying finding new places to do my grocery shopping.This was Saturday (11/15), around 5:00 pm. My boyfriend and I had just hiked nearby, and decided to pick up some beer to enjoy for the rest of our afternoon. We were pleased with the beer selection, and everything about the store seemed perfectly fine until we got to the checkout line.One cashier was wiping down the black conveyer belt and various other things in her station. We went to place our items on the belt, and I noticed last-minute, hidden behind a plant display, a "Closed Register" sign set up on its side, so I casually mentioned to my boyfriend to ask if the register was open. He did, and the woman behind the register said, "No, I'm not." No problem, we weren't in a hurry, so we moved over the the line adjacent. There would have been no problem with this if I didn't notice the woman roll her eyes, make eye contact with the cashier across from her, and proceed to have a conversation basically mocking us for asking if her lane was open. It was something to the effect of, "That's like, the fourth time I've been asked." "I should put a tally here for every time someone asks you if you're open!" "I know, I think it's obvious that I'm not."My boyfriend didn't hear this, but I did, and after I told him, we placed our two six packs on the second register's conveyer belt and left without purchasing anything. It was a very disappointing experience for both of us. We assumed that a cashier, who is standing at her register, should probably be helping to assist customers, and if she is not able to, she should be polite or perhaps have it be more obvious that her station is closed. My boyfriend and I have both worked in customer service, and we understand that things can be frustrating, and if we were rude, that would have been a different story; but there is absolutely no reason to openly mock customers, and unfortunately, their poor customer service and lack of basic manners has lost Sprouts two customers. This is especially unfortunate because my boyfriend drives by this Sprouts on his way to and from work, and we potentially would have made many stops there for last-minute items.We went to the Total Wine on Camelback and 16th instead and had a very pleasant experience there instead.Hopefully, if we decide to return to a Sprouts in the future, we will be met with friendly, mature cashiers to help us.
2	I am a 5 days a week customer that lives in the neighborhood.  The store is clean and stocked however the customer service is spotty.  There are a few excellent cashiers and stockers and I go out of my way to get in their line if they are working.  The others still need work or need to be replaced with folks that enjoy working in the customer service industry.  Today I tried the deli after taking a break from it for awhile  because of a bad experience.  I'm dieting so I picked a sprouted loaf of bread from the shelf, took it over to the deli and placed my order.  After looking at my paper order form the clerk returned to tell me that I needed to produce a receipt for the bread before she could make my sandwich.  I questioned this because, since there is no cash register at the deli, I have to take the sandwiches to the check out and pay for them.  They trust me with the sandwiches but not the bread?  The entire interaction is too long to explain here.  Suffice it to say the experience was less than one star but I'm giving two because as long as I stay away from the deli, fresh meat section and some cashiers my experience is pretty good.  I too am in the customer service business, serving over 1k customers a day.  I do not tolerate this sort of behavior and neither should Sprouts.
4	I have found myself going to Sprouts more frequently as the prices aren't that much more than Albertson's or Fry's. The food seems much fresher, and the selection includes things that are seen in the big mega markets. I also like the fact that they're open early as I can stop there on my way to work
