5	If you blink you might just miss this small, family-owned sushi bar. I myself am not a great fan of Sushi. However, the husband is, and he thinks this is the bomb. We also brought a friend here who lived in Japan for two years, and he said Hana Sushi was the closest he's found to what he had in Japan. Fantastic food, and great prices too! For example the lunch special is under $7 and you get:1 pc tuna sushi1 pc salmon sushi1 pc whitefish sushi1 California roll 1 spicy tuna roll and a small saladSee what I mean? Great value for your buck. Note, though, that the place only seats around 50 people and can get very crowded for lunch and weekend dinners.
3	Having grown up in Phoenix, but spent my grown up years in San Francisco, I was surprised to find a little sushi place that was so similar to those SF while visiting family.  It wasn't THE best sushi, but it was darn good. And the people who worked there were very nice. We had 6 of us, including the 2 kids, and they accommodated us in their small restaurant nicely. It was definitely worth the visit and I would go back when craving maguro or a Phili Roll.  The Las Vegas roll was a bit disappointingly bland. I guess the frying drained the flavor. And the green tea ice cream was odd tasting. Almost like vanilla ice cream with a fake green tea flavoring.But I do recommend Hana.
4	A good friend took me to this nice neighborhood sushi joint. I was impressed with a friendly staff and delicious dishes. It's a must try!
5	This is a small family run Sushi place.  It is similar to many small place found throughout Japan.  The Sushi is fresh and excellent.  All of the standards are there.   I have also tried the Salmon Toro which was a treat.  The Temprua, Gyozas and noodle dishes are also excellent.  It closes 2-5 and fills quickly at 5.   If you have a group of more than 4 it will be tight!
1	OUTRAGEOUSLY HIGH-PRICED ! food quality not bad but not that good either. You can just get your sushi at Costco or Fry's and not feel you were    had. Food portions are too small. The serving size of the appetizers are way too small ,not filling enough even for a toddler. We had to eat at McDonald's after.
3	Fresh sushi, and bonus points for having some interesting exotic items.... but the portions are on the small side and prices are on the high side. I don't mind paying for great sushi, but hate to feel taken advantage of.Being an entrepreneur I understand the importance of making your financial obligations, but keeping your customers happy is the key to that. I eat out a lot. I wish there were other decent sushi places in Central Phoenix. There really aren't. Still - I am not planning on returning.
2	I would rather go to Benihana to be honest. I have been here a few times because its so convenient but has never been worth it in the end. I have eaten here and had dinner to go it always takes forever and it is not cheap I expect cheaper if theres no atmosphere or really good food would make up for it. I have not gotten sick from the sushi here but lets just say I didnt feel so hot after eating here the last time. I looooove sushi and its hard to say that I wont be back here but I'd rather drive a bit farther and skip running the risk.
4	I really like this place because its kid friendly. Nice family restaurant. The staff was very nice as well and sushi was delish...definitely decent for Phoenix. I find a lot of places in Phoenix to be overpriced but I didn't think Hana Sushi was over-priced at all. I thought the pricing was fine. We probably would have spent more and got a lot less for what we paid. We will definitely be returning, that's for sure!
2	I've been to Hana Sushi about a half dozen times for lunch over the last two years.  The location is very close to where I work and live; I desperately want this place to be perfect, but sadly, it misses the mark.First, it's closed on Mondays, which is somewhat annoying, because I always seem to forget about that.  I've been there twice on a Monday and had to go somewhere else as a result.The second problem is that when you go shortly after they open for lunch, they apparently have just started to prepare their rice for the day.  When you order a 2-piece on rice, we don't expect the rice to be warm!  It should be cold, or at least below room temperature.  The mixture of lukewarm rice and cold sushi in my mouth is not appetizing--and this happened every time I went.The appetizer salad and creamy dressing was quite good, and the service was good as well.  If they could get over the warm rice thing, this could be a better place.
5	I haven't been in Phoenix all that long, but the fish here is first rate and I eat a lot of sushiAdmittedly, the place isn't much on ambience but every single roll and piece of sashimi was out of site. Try the white tuna and giant clam & asparagus dish. Hell, even the sea urchin which I normally am not a fan of was pretty damn good.A couple of caveats: I did not pay for the meal or participate in ordering of the food (we ordered omakase) so I'm not sure how much what we were eating cost. I recognize that this fact could make a big difference, but at least on this one night, Hana Sushi achieved baller status.
3	Pretty good sushi. Great for just a fun outing. Nice prices. Family owned too. Stop in if you just want decent sushi, good prices, and good service. Not five stars, but pretty good. Try it you may very well like it. Chase out!
4	For $7.95 you cant beat their lunch special! Very good quality fish at a good price!
4	Took my 4 year old here for his first sushi, since some reviews said kid-friendly. The staff was great and even brought him some specially rigged chopsticks. I must admit, I was a bit jealous!For apps, we ordered veggie tempura & edamame. There tempura batter is very light and the veggies were a perfect texture. The edamame was above average.We ordered a rainbow roll and a philly roll. My son graciously tried both but is not a fan of the stuff just yet.  I however, thought both were delicious!The only reason I am giving this 4 stars instead of 5 is the ambiance there. The flourescent lighting is terrible, I reccommend it for lunch more so than a romantic date. The attentive smiling staff made up for that, though so I will likely be back
3	I can dig this place.  There is a bunch of those Asian waving cats decor here.  What's up with that?  And they're all waving at me --- make them stop!  Lunch special was decent.  I generally can't eat a lot of sushi and the lunch special was a little much for me :(  I have the tendency add a little too much wasabi with my soy sauce and boy does it burn.  Service was okay I wouldn't say it was Bam & Pow!  However, I really didn't expect much.  Price was fair compared to many sushi places around town.  Location of Hana is a little odd so I gather they only do well during lunch and take-outs.  In any case, if you live around that area and don't want to travel too far for some sushi Hana is the place to go - Enjoy!
5	Great neighborhood place to eat sushi! Their albacore nigiri is a must have. Service is good too.
4	Awesome sushi with reasonable prices. We sat at the bar and ordered some rolls and sushi. Everything came out in good time and was well formed and tasty. Saki bombers were perfect. Great local spot for dinner. They open for dinner at 5 so plan to come after.
2	Service was decent but not great, they kept on coming by and asking what we ordered.  The place is pretty small so the waiter should remember who ordered what!  The food was decent except my dinner salad came out way earlier than the rest of the meals, even before the apps!
5	alright let's be real for a second....if you live in north phoenix, this is the go to spot for sushi.  Granted the ambience isn't the best, but for take out fantastic sushi this is the only spot you need to know about.  I've been to every spot in north phoenix and this place completely trumps J and K sushi over on 7th street and bell.  I have got take out from both places numerous times and let's just put it this way, I won't be going anywhere else than HANA from now on.All you need to get here is the spicy scallop roll or the rainbow roll and you'll be in sushi heaven.
4	I was looking for a "I crave sushi today" kind of place in the neighborhood and I think I found it. After reading reviews for this place I have decided to try it. I would say for me mostly what counts is food and I thought it was pretty tasty. I have only been here once and it was a take out sushi (salmon and yellowtail). Salmon was very fresh and tasty but yellowtail was just good. I would come back here, but probably as a take out again as the staff (1 waitress and a man prepping the sushi) were a bit on not very warm/friendly side. P.S. They automatically add 10% gratuity to your bill for take out... (???) Ohhkay....
5	Love love love the sushi here! The salmon tempura, boston #2, and the dynamite (VERY spicy) rolls are delicious!
4	Hana sushi is a great North Phoenix sushi bar.  The restaurant itself is pretty small and not much to look at but the food is top notch from my experience there.  I ordered the Salmon and Hamachi Toro Nigiri and both were very tasty with quality rish.  The Hamachi sashimi I had provided good portions and was very good also.  My girlfriend got the Hamachi cooked cheek.  I think it was Hamacha hama but I'm not sure.  It was cooked very nice with a savory terikaki sauce.  The food was extremely reasonable considering some of the places I've been around town.  Overall it was a great experience and I'll be back for sure.
3	Nice location, great service, clean, reasonably priced great sushi & dessert!  We want to try lunch specials.
5	Love the food, service, and prices!
4	We live about 1/2 mile from this place and probably should frequent them more often, but we've only been once. We got the lunch special as well as a few extra pieces of sushi. It was all really good and they even gave us a bowl of rice for our little daughter so she would have something fun to munch on. With the lunch special price we fed two people for a little over ten bucks.  Not bad! We will definitely be back!
5	Great starter salad and every roll we ordered was amazing! Absolutely recommend it!
5	7th ave and Union Hills, next to the McDonalds.  This place is amazing!  Hana Sushi and Vegas rolls are the standouts!  End with a Dynamite X2 roll and a sake bomber and you have a great evening.
5	Another excellent dinner at Hana. Brought my GF here for her first time and we were both pleased with the quick service and high quality food. We will be back again soon.
4	Went here the other night for dinner with my friend, we shared the rainbow roll, California roll, and something else (can't remember) with okra soup and a small salad. Really good! Wish we had enough room for desert. It's small inside, so not a good place for groups, but great for dinner with a friend or lunch. I'll be back soon, maybe even today....craving some sushi for lunch! ;)
5	Great family owned business.  Friendly staff.  Great sushi and reasonable prices.  Check them out!
5	My daughter and I are always looking around for great sushi places. We found Hana's on Yelp and tried it out for dinner. It's a small, unpretentious resturant run by a family.....very small town flavor, no frills, but clean. The sushi was excellent and the prices were extremely reasonable. This is one of those little neighborhood hole-in-the-wall gems the locals like to keep a secret. Now I know and I will definitely be visiting often....yum!
4	I had dinner with a friend on 1/22.  Companion enjoyed a sashimi assortment and I had the chicken bento dinner.  We also split a spicy tuna roll, which was fresh but not very spicy.  Sashimi was apparently excellent, included octopus and egg.  Chicken teriyaki was only ok, the chicken was steamed not grilled and included no vegetables or rice.  The bento box included a very generous portion of solidly prepared california rolls, shrimp (2) and vegetable tempura (a bit under crunchy for my taste but good enough to eat it all) and sunomono salad with krab, very good.  They serve a tiny portion of green salad when you are first seated, with an odd creamy dressing that might be a bit sesame flavored.  Waitress was sweet but not outgoing, and fairly efficient.  Drink prices average, $5 Kirin large.  Decor is cute although a bit like an old Subway shop.  This restaurant was very clean, including the bathrooms, which I like.  All in all, for a neighborhood sushi bar, a good meal and we will return.
4	Yes, it is a small place...but that is part of its charm. To have a jewel in a small strip mall like that..and so close to home is wonderful. My husband and I enjoy some good sushi and saki bombers on a whim once in awhile and usually this is our choice of where we go. Because it is small, you may run into space issues if you are wanting to try it out at peak times, but eventhen...if you are ok with bar type seating, there should not be an issue. The service is quick and the food is delicious and prompt. Love the small salad they give you right away. The dressing is wonderful..like a ranch dressing with sesame flavoring...so good! I have not tried anything I did not like from the fried calamari to the sea urchin. They have a wonderful variety for everyone. Don't miss out on this hidden gem :)
5	Love this place been going here for a few years now. My husband and I usually get take out but the now who we are by our order. They never forget to give me my cheater chop sticks.  The food is wonderful some of my favorite rolls are Las Vegas, New York, Philly, Tootsie to name a few we also enjoy the Kani salad.
5	Sushi is great and staff is friendly.
2	I agree with some of the reviewers on here that if you think this sushi joint is the best there is, then you need to get out more. There are TONS of places that are WAY better than this and you will get better sushi for the money. First off, the place is TINY! If you don't mind the people next to you sitting in your lap while you eat, then I guess this is the restaurant for you. The decor and atmosphere leave a lot to be desired. It's very plain and the lighting makes you feel like you're in a hardware store. There is no music playing, just what sounds like a radio for the sushi chefs to listen to.As for the food itself, I ordered the spicy roll combo. Now, when you order something off the menu that says spicy, you expect, well....spicy! Not even a HINT of spice was in these rolls. Bland, bland, bland! Oh, and another weird thing about their menu: there are no prices listed! Very strange!This was my first, and most likely, last time coming to this establishment. For the price the quality just does not measure up.
1	Ohhhhh wow this place was AWFUL!!!! I found hair on the plate and the sushi tasted disgusting!! The rolls were so blase and boring that the waitress could not even identify what they were! My fiance and i could not stomach to finish the rest of our order and left nauseous. Really really bad food!! I love nigiri style sushi and I was excited they had sea urchin on the menu, but even that was disappointing at best. If you are a fan of real sushi and not California roll crap, please don't waste your time here. I have honestly had better fresh sushi at the sushi bar in the grocery store :(
2	I went here tonight with my fiance and her friend. We arrived late - they closed just after we got our orders in - but they were nice enough to accommodate us. The service was passable considering how late it was - normally, I'd like to be checked up on a bit more for drink refills / food quality / etc. but I'm willing to give a mulligan on this one given the late hour. I ordered the spicy scallops, the Arizona roll, and a nigiri variety plate. The spicy scallops were bland and didn't really have any flavor - I have definitely had better, and I was disappointed that they seemed to lack any real spice or heat. The Arizona roll was probably the best of the three, and it was passable enough that I wouldn't mind eating it again (though I wouldn't go out of my way). The nigiri variety plate (I believe it was called the Hana Special or something like that) was not good at all. The fish was room temperature to warm, and there was too much wasabi under it. The crab sticks were especially bad tasting, and as warm as they were I actually gagged on them. I was worried I might throw up, but I managed to gulp them down, only to repeat the experience when my fiance shared some giant clam nigiri with me. I didn't speak up because I didn't want to ruin the dinner, but I wish I had because apparently I wasn't the only one having trouble. My fiance felt sick afterward, and also pointed out what looked like small hairs that weren't at all her hair color on the plate.I gave two stars because they were willing to put up with us showing up so close to closing time and because the Arizona roll was passable. That said, I have no desire to come back. I have had plenty of better sushi experiences in the valley. While the price wasn't bad either, you get what you pay for. If nothing else, I suggest you avoid the nigiri at all costs, at least in summer anyway...
4	Good food and reasonable prices.  -1 star for charging a 10% tip on takeout orders.  I also wish they had a happy hour.
4	My SIL and I were craving sushi and so we Yelp'd what was around us.  We chose to go here over JK Sushi (as we've been there before and wanted to try something new).  The location is in a strip mall and can be easily missed.  Inside was quaint and small - but clean.  The service was very nice.  We order 3 sushi rolls, a hand roll, salmon sashimi and I took a pork cutlet with rice home for the husband.  All for under $55.  Not bad at all.  The sushi was decent, the salmon sashimi extremely fresh.  The complimentary salad they gave us at the beginning was small, but good and just enough to get us started.  It was super quiet in the restaurant though - maybe playing a little background music would help ease the silence.  I would definitely come back here again.
5	This is the only Sushi place I go to.  The Japanese kitchen menu items are real.  The sushi chef is real, you don't see a crew of guys whacking at the fish.  This place is what a restaurant in Japan is like.  Good quality, good service, skip the night club atmosphere.
2	this was the first Japanese restaurant I've tried out in Arizona, and I was pretty disappointed with the quality. I'm from California where the sushi is really good. this place is expensive for sushi quality I would get out of Safeway deli. We were the only ones in the restaurant which should of been warning sign number one. The only really good tasting sashimi was the salmon. The location is decorated in a really strange way and definitely needs to be renovated. It's also very small. Overall, go somewhere else. Not worth it.
5	I really enjoyed the sushi here, very fresh and I liked the ma and pa vibe they had going on.  Will be back for more..
4	Good Fish, great prices.
3	Decent sushi. Friendly service. Its also BYOB. How can you beat that?  Priced pretty well too. Weekend can get a little hectic, but the tables turn fairly quickly.  There isnt a great deal of variety in sushi but its good enough.  If you get one of their hot rolls expect it to come out after all your other food is out and your almost done.  Had their chicken as well, a little dry - but whatevs, why are you going to a sushi place for fried chicken?  I'll go back. BC its close.
4	I have been here a couple of times. It is a very clean and cozy. I tried the lunch sushi special and enjoyed it. The fish was very fresh and tasted good. I had never had sushi before.
4	What a cute little sushi shop. The lovely woman that helped us was so friendly and attentive to every guest there. It was very clean and the sushi was fresh. The price was definitely on par with the food and a little lower than I've paid at other places.
5	Absolutely love this little sushi gem! Small, cozy, AUTHENTIC! That's how I think I can best describe this great place. I personally order vegetarian sushi, this is one of the only sushi places I know of that adds a touch of cream cheese to the veggi sushis, and I love it. Service is always polite and friendly, the chef is always working hard but has time to thank us for visiting the restaurant. I look forward to continuing to frequent this place!
5	This is our favorite sushi spot. It's casual and cozy and the sushi is delicious and priced just right. Have the Katsu!
2	Disappointed!  I don't mind a hole in the wall restaurant that needs remodeling as long as the food is good, but this just didn't do it for me. I ordered a spicy yellowtail roll and smoked salmon nigiri. The roll was bland and I question the freshness of the fish. The smoked salmon was ok but just did not compare at all to Sakana or Sushiya. Not ever coming back.
4	Love this place! We went to Cali and my boyfriend insisted in getting sushi I don't like paying for disappointment and sure shit we were disappointed had to go twice when we got back in a row to get the bad taste out if our mouths!  Love their mars roll and the volcano and the Arizona and Vegas!
5	Unbelievably amazing sushi!  Freshest and most exotic I have found in Phoenix.  It's a BYOB place which makes it fun to bring your own wine and cocktails!  On top of the food being outstanding it is run by the NICEST family and staff!!  Highly recommended!  I will continue to rant and rave about this place!
5	The best neighborhood sushi spot. The service, food and set up are perfect. Not the plastic sushi you get is Scottsdale, but the family-run small business version that makes America great. When we talk about having sushi, we know we're talking going to Hana.
3	Although I love the friendly service here I must admit that the food is just alright. I come here for the convenience because it is just a few steps from my office. I usually take my order to go. I really wish they would include a disposable sauce cup for my soy sauce.... Wasabi is extremely low quality. The fish itself is good I guess but not "Damn that's good!" I once ordered the green tea cheesecake.  Please save yourself some money and don't bother. It was drowning in bottled chocolate sauce and the cake itself very dense and dry. The house salad with sesame dressing might have to be one of my favorite things. Unfortunately that does not come with the to go order and is usually $3-$5 (not too positive) for a SMALL portion. And believe me I always tip well even though I don't dine in.   I am very confused on how loved this little restaurant is. Nothing really stands out to me.  You can find much better sushi for a lower price elsewhere.
5	To be completely honest only thing I've ever eaten anything here except edamame and gyoza. I don't eat seafood. However I have bought so much sushi here for my family and I heard how wonderful their food is that I have to write this review. This tiny little hole in the wall sushi restaurant by far has won the hearts of moon valley. You could ask anybody in moon valley where they go for sushi and They always say Hana sushi. This is a "shop small" independently owned a local restaurant run by a husband and wife and their daughter.  I honestly have never heard a bad thing about the quality the freshness and service.
5	Been coming here almost weekly for 8 years.  Finally decided to write a review after the ownership created some new rolls for the menu.  I have to say, WOW!The new Baja roll is amazing!  If you love albacore then this is the roll for you!  The fish is always fresh and delicious and the staff are always happy to do whatever you wish to make your experience pleasant.  Highly recommend this place.I've even seen Fred Munoz frequent this place a few times. :)
5	I visited for the first time a few days ago. This place is wonderful. You wouldn't expect to find such yummy food in a small, nondescript strip mall! I came in for lunch and though they had a sushi lunch special (3 nigiri, CA roll, and spicy tuna roll for around $8) I wasn't in the mood for rolls. I ordered several reasonably priced nigiri including one of the specials: salmon belly. It was pretty busy but my food was prepared quickly and expertly by the friendly chef, and I assume owner, Tony. I'll definitely be back again soon!A few notes:* the fish was all very fresh and of good quality * the fish and rice was all warmer than one usually gets at sushi bars - just under room temperature. This is a plus in my opinion. Most places give you fridge-cold fish which, while it makes it obvious it was kept cold to preserve freshness and quickly prepared, it makes it a bit bland. My sushi was prepared in front of me and given to me immediately - not left sitting out and as I stated previously, the fish was very obviously fresh. This serving temperature made the sushi very flavorful. * the chef puts a smear of wasabi under the fish on most raw fish nigiri. This is important to note because it seems like very few chefs in Phoenix do this. It's the chef's preference but I feel like many local places go for mass appeal and omit this. Just be aware, most nigiri served here  doesn't need added wasabi, just a touch of soy sauce if you like!* the chef made the battleship sushi an appropriate size. This may seem very minor, but a lot of sushi chefs make their battleships too large to eat in one bite. The very nature of the things, being filled with roe or, in my case, spicy scallops, make them impossible to bite in half without making a huge mess, so it's important to be able to fit the whole thing in your mouth at once. * they're currently advertising gyu-don, a donburi dish of thin-sliced beef and onions served over rice. This is classic Japanese fast food but I haven't seen it served elsewhere in Phoenix. It wasn't on the menu but advertised on small signs at the table so this may be a temporary special (fall 2014)
2	We wanted to try a new sushi restaurant in our area, and chose Hana based on the reviews. It was disappointing especially considering the great reviews other people posted. We ordered edamame to start, and they brought us a very small bowl with not nearly enough for 4 of us to have a fair share. The rolls were stuffed full of crab mix and had very thin slices of the desired topping. It was me and hubby and 2 kids, and with 2 beers the tab came to $82. I'd be fine with that in a nice restaurant but in a hole in the wall neighborhood restaurant with mediocre food it was definitely over priced.
2	Ugh, I think this place has some serious potential for their sushi.  I don't even care about the bright lighting or off decor (or there lack of). I read the reviews everyone has left below and I'm not sure I've had the same experience. I think they've seriously cheaped out on a lot of areas and that's why I write a 2 star review...is it the worst I've ever had?...no.The last time we went in there (and I've been a handful of times because its my brothers favorite sushi spot) we were served warm sushi.  Everything we ordered was (supposed to be) a cold roll but because they used warm rice, it was warm sushi. :/  Plus, they stuff their rolls with crab mix which makes everything taste the same.  The dragon roll tastes just like the spicy scallop roll, weird. Also, I'm not sure what they serve as wasabi is a good quality.  It's liquidy and not spicy at all. IDK future readers, I think you can find a better quality somewhere else.
