5	I am really picky about who touches my hair because it is super curly and most people have no idea how to work with it. I found Janmichael about a year ago through a Groupon and have been going to him ever since! He is extremely professional and always listens to my ideas. He is also honest about what will/won't look good on me. I have NEVER had a bad experience and I always feel like a supermodel after I leave his salon!
5	WOW! Where to begin on JanMichaels abilities to transform a head from drab to chic! You'll have to excuse my weird phrase above but from first impression of JanMichael, I immediately was drawn to him as he is full of life and has a zest for styling hair that I can honestly say in my 14yrs here in the valley, Ive yet to see that "zest" that one may look for when shopping new hair stylists. JanMichael has that Zest and then some. He's very personable, very friendly, talkative I truly cannot remember the last time I got my hair done and i left feeling all happy and eager for my 3 weeks and get a cut and style routine to come around again. As a hair stylist, yeah i mentioned he's very approachable as a person, but within seconds of sitting down at his station inside his salon, he immediately made me feel as if HELL!? he is my new stylist but because of his friendly personality and approach, i truly and without can say i felt as if he'd had been doing my hair for the 150th time or as if we've had been close friends my entire life with this individual. Amongst the personal level of professionalism you get him asking questions in regards to what you want done to your hair. But not all interrupting your thought, I'm still not quite sure how he was able to get his questions in w/o me thinking at least once "ugh lost my train of thought" the way that most hair stylists are. You know? the pushy, not a master of their craft at ALL! they are there for one thing and one thing only!...$$ JanMichael, like I said his personality is abundant amounts of eagerness and his love for his craft is the most apparent of any hair stylist that I have gone too, since I stopped going to mom, then stopped the barber shop routine and realized a barber shoppe? what am i 16? nope! far from 16, I'm 34 and it was shortly after turning 21 i had decided to spend almost as much as most barbers charge nowadays, put a few extra dollars towards a stylist and i never really had any stylist here in the valley that id dub my stylist! i had one a few years back but he cut and styled me but only three times before moving to the east coast to pursue his career ou t there! well, i hate to break it to him, but actually i wouldn't have i been given the chance, that in one sit with janmichael, i thought back to my old stylist and I'm like...REALLY!? I even said to janmichael, i dunno why or how ya do it, hell, if this happens to many of your clients but I'm thoroughly impressed with the amount of professionalism and apparent love that you have for your choice of career! not that I'm trying to put pressure on ya or anything, but being from NY, ya kinda have a level of expertise in mind when ya allow someone to cut at your head! haha! janmichael, if i wasn't floored enough at the fact that he is an AZ BORN AND RAISED! i know! an actual born here, raised here guy or gals ya just never meet them but he's from here and id say after my cut n color! oh yes bitches! he colored a dudes hair. keep in mind id never really allow anyone no matter here or back home NY to cut, color! n style in the first hair appt! well, cut n style! i wasn't all like, um janmichael, if ya could wash my hair that'd be great! BUT NO MORE! IMA WALK AWAY FROM THIS SALON WITH A SALON STYLE OF WHAT A CUT N STYLE SHOULD LIKE! SERIOUSLY! I know i live in AZ, but c'mon! ya think i was raised in MAMAS FAMILY! HELL NAW! I born and raised in NY! and ladies and guys out there, y'all know we love to go to a salon if the length permits us or makes us go while in NY! Well, I hate to break it to ya's! this is isn't ny! this is an entirely all together world of people! However! if ya want quality service, with passion for the art of the styling of your hair, and without those Manhattan prices or all too many with that NY attitude, let me be the first to tell ya, ya WILL GET THAT! from my new hair stylist JanMichael! I let him color my hair as he had asked if i was interested in? i said OH REALLY!? ya saying I'm turning into my fatha or something? ha! we both laughed but the entire time it was just a pleasant experience from the moment we walked into each others presence to the moment i left. He is again, really quite a funny man! Im used to stone cold, small talk type of stylists and no offense to my city, but I've always gotten my hair cut n styled in old town or just Scottsdale proper. We all know that if one wants quality service from an individual in having jus quality all around service? ya sure the hell aint trying! to go to Metrocenter!? am I right or am I right? YEAH DAMN RIGHT IM RIGHT! YA GO TO SCOTTSDALE! sure I've been to salons in old town where ya pay a tad more to a grip more than most salons, but ya go to scottsdale for service, for quality, for stylists who know what they are doing and who are beaming with attitude so positive and eager to style yet another persons hair. JanMichael, if ya see this? I'm so excited that I finally came across a stylist like yourself. I am surely going to
5	Best hair cut & color I've ever had, He is very knowledgeable and professional and listens to exactly what I want. My hair has turn out spot on every time and I love it. Highly recommended.
5	I went to Janmichael for a Brazilian blowout and cut last May because there was an awesome Groupon deal. I wasn't sure what to expect, but I was blown away by Janmichael's skill. Usually people see my crazy curly hair and are unsure how to approach it but Janmichael got to work right away without complaint. He asked exactly what I wanted and followed it to a tee. My hair came out the perfect length, with bangs that framed my face perfectly (I had never had bangs before!), and it was completely straight. Unlike other Brazilian blowouts I've had where the stylist does the treatment and then puts me under a blowdryer, Janmichael dried every strand by hand -- which just shows the dedication he puts into his work. If you need any type of hair treatment or cut, I HIGHLY recommend you go to Janmichael at Polish n Style. He is professional, personable, and dedicated to his customers and his work! I wouldn't go anywhere else in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area!
1	Purchased a voucher on Living Social and was hoping to have a good experience after reading reviews and doing some research on the internet. However it was far from that. I showed up for the appointment and was told it needed to be pushed back a little bit. I waited an hour and half at the salon. He just skipped out on the appointment. Failing to provide any communication via phone or text. Very unprofessional.
