3	Damn, if they don't stop sending me this coupon, I'm gonna weigh 400 pounds!     :-OOk, so coupon in hand, I of course dropped everything & immediately whipped over here!  My last Church's visit was just the other day for the same deal at their Central & Baseline location.  It was excellent, so that was the standard set for today's visit to this Church's.Here, there were some negatives...*  The bathroom automatic hot water valve won't stay on at all, so it's useless.*  After you wash your hands with cold water there's only an air blower, & the door opens in, so you have to use toilet paper to open it if you want to leave with your hands cleaner than when you started.  Grrrrr!  Doesn't this outfit have a District Manager?  One clucking Star & I'm out of this rathole!     :-OWell, ok.  Maybe I'll stay just a little bit longer & see if things get better...*  Friendly service!*  Delicious food!*  Amazing low price for (Spicy) Leg & Thigh, mashed potatoes & gravy, & a biscuit:  $1.99 with regularly received coupon!*  400 Pounds?  Come & git me!!     :-))
4	Perfectly crispy chicken, even after it's been sitting under the lamps for a bit.Awesome crunch buildup!This is what makes Church's way better than Popeye's, that and the size of the pieces.This location is the one that makes Popeye's look idiotic.WAY better chicken. Service is SUPER FAST as there's never anyone in!INSIDE SKINNY: This being south Phoenix, I think I ran into some chicken that was EXTRA spicy! HELL YEAH. At least I encountered this on Monday. Hopefully they keep this up.
1	= = = = = =  WORLD'S WORST CHURCH'S???  = = = = = =I'm usually a big Church's fan, so it was my great hope to get this location up from 3 Stars to 4, like most of the other Valley locations, after this 2 1/2 years since my last review.  UNFORTUNATELY...This location is being even MORE POORLY OPERATED  than it was the last time I was here!!*  Still no paper towels in the bathroom, only one of those nearly worthless air blowers.  To make matters worse this time, the toilet paper was out.  How are you supposed to open the door (in) to get out of here with your hands still clean, use your shirt tail?  THIS IS NOT OK!!     :-O*  They guy cooking the chicken allowed the Spicy to run completely out!  I had to wait TWENTY MINUTES for him to fry up a new batch!  This is at a completely normal time (about an hour after opening) on a completely normal day (Friday).  THIS NOT OK!!     :-O*  The counter gal was totally dingy and disorganized.  During my long wait for my food, two other customers came in, bought regular style chicken meals and BOTH HAD TO COME BACK!  One guy only had 2 pieces in his 3-Piece Meal and the other guy also got shorted something in his order!  THIS IS NOT OK!!   :-O*  At long last, my chicken was up...  Counter gal forgets to give me my biscuit!  THIS IS NOT OK!!     :-O*  I finally get my food and THE CHICKEN IS BARELY DONE!!  Some of the meat is too rubbery to eat!  (Don't they have a TIMER for the fryer there??)     THIS IS NOT OK!!     :-O*  At the end, I return to the bathroom to wash my greasy hands after eating.  THERE'S STILL NO TOILET PAPER!  (Of course I had told Ms. Dingy it was out, when I ordered!)  THIS IS NOT OK!!     :-OThis was far and away the worst experience I've ever had at a Church's Chicken.  How in the world can a big chain like this allow one of their stores to be so poorly managed and operated?  ONE STAR!
3	-Drive Thru Review-Definitely a cheap price for what you get. I needed a small meal before heading back to my hotel so I wanted to get their 2 pc meal, but since they were out I had to opt for the tenders. Tenders were good, biscuit dense and slightly sweetened and a soda to wash it all down. Pretty cheap, compared to what I'm used to at drive thru's in California and tastes a lot better than Popeye's IMO. The only con is that I barely got any napkins and no ketchup/sauce.
