4	When a place called Pink Cabaret shows up on the list of free chip tourney poker venues [ http://playnpt.com/ ] it only takes a few seconds for the brain to process...."wait, we can go to the crappy wanna-be dive as usual over near Ghettrocenter, or drive a couple extra miles and play at a strip club?  Let's go!"The poker players get in without any cover charge, but are relegated to a side-room area WITHOUT a view of the main stage and bar.Early in the evening, the service stank back there, *FORCING* one to go out into the main room where all the dancers were in order to visit the bartenderess.   The burlesque-attired cocktail waitresses were able to come around more often once biz picked up and more servers arrived.  They were friendly, but I found myself jealous of the greater amount of attention the obvious regulars were getting.  Very homey atmosphere for a boobybar.Although I didn't partake in any of their services, the dancers were friendly, and I think most guys/gals could find their own personal favorite style or type from among the variety of ladies.  Impressive pole work going on up there!The digs themselves were nearly topnotch.  This building must only be a couple of years old, at most, and compared to other venues, it REALLY shows in the cleanliness (or at least lack of griminess) of the tables and chairs, bar, bathrooms, carpeting, etc.  The crowd was friendly, but considering the West Side location I'd recommend not to come flaunting a big mouth, if I knew I was the type of person who needs to watch that sort of thing (DarenC). 8^ )A local caterer was running a BBQ smoker out front, selling pulled pork, etc but it wasn't quite ready yet when I was leaving.  They don't run a storefront, but I think it was H&H Catering, or E&H, or N&N - sorry, dude, get better signage!  Anyway, it smelled delicious and he was really friendly, so I plan to try it out next time.My personal pet peeve, the Male Bathroom Attendant, was in residence, though.  Nice guy, but c'mon, you think on a Wednesday night we need a breath mint guy handing us paper towels?!?  I don't think so.  As a matter of fact, let's do away with this ridiculous fixture once and for all.  You women don't have to deal with a matronly old bag sitting there on a stool, collecting tips for perfume samples and spare pads, do you?  I didn't think so.  This is nothing a decent vending machine couldn't handle.  Plus I feel sorry for the guy -- I mean, at least he's not a human signpost out in the sun, but what a crap job.I'll be back here for more free poker, because its got more nipples showing than Bullshooters [http://www.yelp.com/biz/bull-shooters-inc-phoenix#hrid:bYK0DGz8LSGZfZCdkEjX8g ], and because the boobies I see are not on old Native dudes like at Wild Bill's  [ http://www.yelp.com/biz/wild-bills-saloon-phoenix#hrid:sCd6p_CiAVonqLF0N-8PmA ]
4	I'm updating my review, but not of the club itself, only for the BBQ caterer and my comments about the bathroom attendant.I still hate the bathroom attndt concept, but Arnold is a genuine dude who will engage you in real conversation (meaning he will listen and respond to what you said, too, not just talk at you ).  He presents a great argument about throwback-style service, that used to be the norm whenever the high-falutin' went out lounging for coctails, and he truly enjoys *service* - not just handing you gum, but interacting with you as a fellow human being.  As far as bathroom attd's in general, I'm a convert, as long as the guy on the stool is as cool as my new buddy, Arnold.Now the BBQ - shitchyea.!This trailer smoker is brought out here by W & W Catering, owned by the Woods brothers.  John(?) was again super friendly, eager to talk about his ingredients, methods, or anything else for that matter.He offers pulled pork, chicken, smoky links, and i think brisket, too, kept warm and smokey with a real smoker fired with glowing hot red mesquite wood.  You can get a styrofoam plate with the full meal of meat, beans, corn cob, roll for $10.   Or, you can get just a sammich for $5.  There's no fork involved with the pulled pork.  He donned a plastic glove, grabbed the hunk of pork shoulder, and started pulling off chucks to chop up a bit and stuff into a kaiser.  Topped off with a scoop of tangy and sweet sauce that you can taste the wood in, and I was as close to heaven as one can get standing outside of a strip club on the other side of the tracks in the industrial West valley. 8^ |Dinner gets a plate, but sammich is served on sheets of tin foil.  Bits of tin are not fun to find crimped between your molars, but I guess I'll take the blame, myself, for having been the one in control of my mouth and chompers.The Woods bros dont have a brick & mortar that they sell from - *yet*
2	I went here last night prepared to make it rain. After five death metal songs a dancer asks, "how are you?" I replied, "I hate the music." She then called me an asshole. I asked for the manager. Manager says, "she's outside crying because you didn't like her music." She then offered to buy me a drink. I declined, went home, and thought, "stripper breezies are crazy!" I kinda liked it in spite of the bad music and emotionally fragile dancer. The bartender, Keisha, was cool and there was one cute dancer. Music improved as I was leaving.Who really listens to death metal while chillin?
2	My boyfriend and I go to strip clubs about once a week. We like to find a favorite place and go back repeatedly and even bring some friends some times. It's our favorite way to socialize and we spend lots of money.I have never had a negative experience at a strip club..... Until tonight.My boyfriend and I decided to try a exotic dance club nearby instead of heading east. We found Pink Cabaret on the map as being very close to where I live, so we headed there.There's a girl at the front entrance to take the cover charge which was only $5. Before entering I asked her if they serve food. She said "no but we have a list of places that deliver" , she showed us a few places including Dominoes. I wanted hot wings but I don't like the wings from Dominoes. I said, I'd think about what I wanted. We went inside and had a couple of drinks but I was still craving hot wings. My boyfriend decided to order from Bruno's, a restaraunt that was just a mile away. We asked one of the hospitality/door man/security guys at the front if it was ok and he said no problem, people order all the time. He said we could either leave the money at the front desk or he would come inside and let us know when the delivery arrived. We were like "wow every one is so nice here". The bartender was super nice. The bartender went out of his way to make sure I loved my drink. Our waitress, Mandy, was very attentive. I did notice that she said "welcome to Christie's" when she introduced herself, so maybe they are changing the name of the club soon.Anyway, the wing delivery arrived and the hospitality/door man/security guy came to get us to pay for it. So we were happily drinking alcohol and eating our wings with one of the cute blonde strippers named LOVE. She was a little hungry so I offered her some wings. Then this guy comes over and starts saying something about how we brought outside food into his establishment. I thought he was joking so I asked him if he wanted some wings. He was serious though. He was very accusatory saying that bringing our food in was the equivalent of bringing our own alcohol into a bar. I said, "your front desk told us we could order delivery here."  We weren't being sneaky or trying to do anything wrong. We had permission. Hell they even encouraged it.He very rudely said "I don't know how many times I have to repeat that I'm the manager and you are not allowed to bring outside food in". He went overboard in asserting his authority.My boyfriend said "you should talk to your front desk". I was very embarrassed and I'm non confrontational, so I just said "ok" and packed my food up. I have never been embarrassed that way. A minute later while my boyfriend got a private lap dance from Love, the manager came over and told me "well if the front door already said it was ok, go ahead and enjoy yourself". I just said "ok" and smiled.To be honest it was too lil too late. He caused a scene and He didn't even apologize. When my boyfriend came back to the table, we settled our tab and left. I think the manager should learn how to talk to customers without being rude and make sure there is some consistency amongst the staff as to what their policies are, so this type of situation can be avoided.We will not return.
1	Walked up to bar. order beer. fanned my money a five and 4-ones. bartender brings 2 bottles and scoops up all the money. I asked how much they were. she told me 2 for $4. uh... give me back my money..  she got all hurt that she didn't wasn't able to TAKE my money.  Also ordered a FIREBALL. poured me a cheap knock off.  Charged me and when i pointed out it wasn't Fireball, she argued with me, took ALL my change from a $20 and walked out to find a manager. He came in and argued with me, then admitted it was a different product.  Didn't offer to refund my money or make me another drink. I HAD TO ASK for a Washington Apple. Bartender didn't know how to make it.  Poured a lot of Crown, Pucker, and Cranberry in a shaker then filled a shot glass with about a third of what was in the shaker.  I won't go back!
5	Great place, boys night out! This place is great! we had a bottle service table side worth the drive. They are planning a huge expansion this place will be huge.
1	So I haven't been to a gentlemen's club in a long time, holy shit what a shitty place!! Waited 10 mins and no 1 even stop to give us drinks. And the women were all ugly not one pretty female! They all were too thin where u can see there rib cage uggg bad lol !! And then to top it off, the females all look like tweekers!! Wtf!! Don't not go to this place worse topless bar I have ever been to!
2	These hoes ain't loyal. Lol they aren't great... Or even aiiiight. Their beers are way overpriced and it smells like my high school gym in there! LAAAME! Go somewhere else huuuuneys!
5	Place highly recommended. Staff people is very nice and gyals are really hot. Def I will go again
