5	Quick, friendly, helpful service. Love how they have all their repair/installation/service prices posted. Somewhat limited, but quality inventory. Love the cat roaming the establishment too. Any establishment with a cat gets a star automatically.
1	I will never deal with these people again. In a town like Madison, where are so many decent bike shops, why would I?I went because I got a flat.Trip #1. My boyfriend drops off my bike on a Monday. They say they can't have it ready until the NEXT Thursday (11 days). The also say they're going to lube the brake lines. Trip #2. My boyfriend comes by to pick up the bike, as stated, a week and a half later. They haven't even touched it yet. They say, "Did we call you? We'll call you." They had never told him to wait until they called. He says that they seem to have totally forgotten about the bike. A few hours later, they call.Trip #3. He gets the bike. My flat is fixed. $43 dollars.I get on the bike to ride it to work. The front brake is rubbing. There were no problems with the brakes when we gave the bike to them.Trip #4. I have to go back to have them adjust the brakes. The guy running the show takes about 20 seconds. Hands it back to me. "There you go." He says. By the time I get home, the brake is rubbing again, now worse than before. I call and say, "Can you tell me how to adjust this? I cannot come to the bike store for a 5th time." He says, "Well, there must be something seriously wrong with your brakes if we adjusted them and they're still rubbing." There was nothing wrong with my brakes before I handed the bike over to them. At this point, I am so angry I can barely see straight. Trip #5. I take the bike in. They take it aside, work on it for 2 minutes, and viola! the brakes work. There's nothing wrong with them. They were just incorrectly adjusted twice. I'm sorry to have to give a bad review to my local bike shop, but our experience was that they were disorganized and took three times to get something right.
4	Friendly people, good service.  We had two bikes serviced there in the fall with the intent to use them as winter bikes.  Once the snow flew we realized that my bike was skipping a gear and my wife's had a brake issue.  We rode down, and received the same friendly service we received the first time in.  They remembered our bikes and solved our bike repair issues on the spot.  Great business to support.
5	Went in today for a quick brake adjustment and to fix a ripped tube and despite being VERY busy I was in and out in under 45 minutes. I've been going to this bike shop for 5 years and I only had one bad experience (with someone who appears to be no longer employed by the shop). Everyone who works here is incredibly helpful and they will never push you to buy any services or products that they don't think you need or that they don't think are good quality. They are super woman friendly, despite being staffed by mostly men, and offer their space on some nights for a women's bike mechanics class (that I've heard of and seen, but never gone to). They built my 3-speed bike from scratch when I first moved here, gave me an excellent price for it, and have helped me to keep it well-maintained. I have had only minor problems with the bike and I put it through a lot of hell. I recommend this shop not just for repairs, but especially for anyone looking to get a well-priced custom bike.
5	I wanted to swap out the straight handlebars on my hybrid bike for backswept bars.  They guys here were very knowledgeable and helpful.  They spent a lot of time with me to review several different style handlebars, and helped me find a set that are very comfortable and that accommodate all of the stuff I had on my bike.  They also helped me pick out a newer set of front and back lights (and did not just push me toward the most expensive options, either).  The work was done on time and for less than I had expected to pay.  Super friendly, and no Gearhead attitude.  I highly recommend them, and definitely plan on returning to this shop if my bike needs anything in the future.
5	I was really surprised to see the poor reviews on yelp for Revolution! They have always been friendly and helpful when I have a need for my bike. However, those reviews seem to be from older dates (most of them..), so perhaps there's a management change and please give revolution a chance!!The bike shop is a middle-sized shop, so they might not have as much variety of products as other huge bike shops. The nice thing is, they are willing to go out of the way to order something for you, even if you just wanted one piece of something. Also, it is a great place to stop by for last minute maintenance, quick fixes. They usually have a long wait for huge project fix ups, but if you just need a quick check or putting on a saddle, something fast, they will do it on the spot and you won't run into the long wait time.I trust them to do a good job for my bike. Jacob, who I regularly see in the bike shop, was very detailed in explaining my options when I wanted to add gears to my single speed bike. He even suggested maybe building a custom bike might be something I should consider since my Sanwa is not exactly meant for touring.. A week and a half later (I was out of town), my bike was ready. It fits well, the gears are surprisingly smooth for a no gear gal like me. Everything was great! And they were so friendly and told me I should come back for a check up on the bike a week or two later!
5	These guys saved my bacon by literally giving me the fenders from their bike. Really.For those of you that take the good time to read my mediocre reviews, you'll know that I recently bought a fat bike. And I love it. Really, really love it.But, I don't particularly enjoy the amount of water and crud those huge tires sling around. After my last ride, it felt like I was carrying around an extra 10-lbs of salty water weight, primarily in my bike shorts. Memories of a dirty diaper came to mind... So, I set about looking for fenders. I visited several bike stores in the area, none had what I was looking for in stock. So, I went online and ordered a set from Amazon. Who, eventually e-mailed me a "whoops, sorry, those aren't in stock after all" message. Curses!Then I remembered that Revolution was just around the corner from my house, so I quick raced over to see if they had a set of fenders. And they did! Win!!But... they were installed on a bike that was on the show floor. Fail!!I inquired if they had extra fenders in stock - nope. I inquired if they would be interested in selling the ones from the show floor bike - yep!Win again!!And, because the fenders had been "used" (for one ride), they gave me an unnecessary, but greatly appreciated discount. Talk about nice guys. Thank you!! Great selection of parts and accessories, as well as bikes of all shapes and sizes. I will be back. I promise!
5	We have our bikes tuned up every spring from the friendly folks at Revolution Cycles, and have always been pleased with the service, quality, and value. Being able to walk there from our home is a plus, too.A few years back, they even gave my wife a milk crate when we were having trouble finding one for her. Long story short, they're good people.
5	I've been to a lot of bike shops around Madison, and Revolution is my favorite. They're approachable and in support of finding you the safest cheap way to stay riding. They also stand by their tune-ups for the whole season. None of the  "hey we're actually going to charge you another $50 because we didn't tighten your brakes to your liking."I had my touring bike built through them last year, and all along the way they had resources and words of encouragement. The staff is amazing too. My only regret is that I always have work when their maintenance classes are.
5	These guys and gals a this shop are great.  Fair service prices and will always help you find a way to get your bike going no matter your budget.  I highly recommend.  Cool atmosphere too!
