4	I am way sad I cant get your service at my condo.  My condo does not face south enough :( they could put it on the roof but the HOA will not allow it (dicks) I called and got a guy that was super help full. My credit wasn't good enough for me to lease the equipment. I would need to buy it upfront. It would be 2 receivers for 199.00 total. Seems steep, but when you compare to Cox who actually charges 40. 00 more a month for the same thing at dish, its a good deal.You get all 200 channels plus 11 showtime channels. After 2 months on time payments I can lease a dvr for 7 bucks more a month.If I set it up for direct payment I get free HBO and cinnamax for a yr.I get 3 months free and since I bought the equipment there is no contract!!They will also move you for free once a yr. Direct did not offer that.All of this for 53.00 a month. I am soo pissed, to avoid using Cox service again I tried to sign up for choice. Couldnt do that either, and they screwed all this stuff up. In the end Im getting fucked by cox again :( (pun intended)
4	We really like Dish. Their customer service blows DirectTV away and so does their remote, the Hopper, and their respective functions. Anytime we have an issue they tend to overcompensate with some type of freebies. They treat us like small, family-owned companies tend to treat customers. Not saying they remember our names but they don't just say they appreciate our business; they prove it.
5	I have had Dish Network since 2000 and abosolutely love them.  I don't call customer service very often, maybe once a year if that.  When I do they are very nice and helpful, eager to assist with a happy solution.  Other companies are advertising features that I have had with Dish for a couple of years.  The service is great, the channel line up I love and Sling is a must have.  How did I ever live without Sling.  If you don't have a Hopper and Joey, it's a must have.  Primetime is awesome!  I love how it skips thru the commercials for you.  I hardly ever watch live tv anymore because of that.  I DVR everything.  It's nice to be able to record up to 6 shows and still be able to watch anything I want. For me it's Dish or nothing!
4	I've had two good years after switching from DTV.  I like everything about it, though I hope they make their boxes wireless.
2	We ordered DISH network service because we were tired of being charged such high prices by COX.We're relatively happy with DISH because of the significantly lower cost compared to COX, but the program guide, search and remote control functionality is not intuitive and it can get confusing at times. One issue has recently surfaced that we feel is something people considering the service need to know. DISH is NOT a SHOWTIME approved streaming source. Details below.I downloaded the SHOWTIMEAnytime app for my Samsung Galaxy S4. When I tried to watch a program, the register my provider screen popped up and I was shocked to see that DISH is NOT LISTED as an authorized subscriber source for SHOWTIME Anytime.Every OTHER TV service we know about, COX, CenturyLink, Direct TV, TimeWarner, Verizon FiOS, Cablevision, Charter, etc.... and many brands we've never heard of like Broadstripe, Northland, Bright House and numerous others are approved for SHOWTIME Anytime programming.  So many cable/satellite providers approved, but NOT DISH.Needless to say we are extremely disappointed because neither "Homeland", one of our most favorite programs, or Showtime On Demand is available on DISH and because they obviously don't have the right agreement with Showtime, we can't watch SHOWTIME episodes on any of our mobile devices either.Had we known about this significant limitation when we subscribed to DISH, we would have subscribed to DirectTV instead.
