3	Really a 2.5...I was driving home one day after work thinking about what I was going to eat for dinner. I've been on a salad binge trying to lose the pre-holiday weight. Haha. So what do I see? A brand new Subway joint on my way home! Sweet! Usually I have to drive another 10 minutes out of my way but thats no biggie either.So I roll in and apparently they've just opened a few days ago. So new that they dont even have credit card machines yet. So I step up and order my favorite roast beef sandwich. The prices are the same as other Subway's so that wasnt a big deal. The real kicker to me is how they make the sandwiches. What do I mean?I want the sandwich maker person to make my sandwich like if they were trying to put the place out of business. There are several Subways around town with specific people that make sandwiches with extra meat on them without even asking... Because really... It's not coming out of their pocket. If you really think about it, they actually gain more because of the tips they would be getting. I have no problem tipping a person $2 for a $5 sandwich if they make it heavy on the meat.So the nice lady just goes and lays around 6-8 slices of roast beef on my foot long and was a little skimpy on the veggies. Oh well... I guess I'll have to try another sandwich maker before I write this place off and go back to my regulars.
3	Foods always fresh, but it smells sooo weird, I haven't been here in a while I enjoyed my sandwhich with all its freshness, but it smelled pretty bad inside when u first walk in, maybe wash the mops out. Or some air freshner, thanks.
5	So this has to be the cleanest, fastest, most polite, super friendly, best smelling, best prepared sandwich ever at a Subway. I am a subway fan but I am never blown away by the service or the facility, this location is hidden away but it is definitely the location I prefer.
3	This is a typical Subway. I frequent it because it is close to my house. They are efficient and I'm always pretty pleased with my meal. My go-to sandwich shop when I'm in a hurry and don't want to travel too far.
