4	Cinnamon Apple Panini's for brunch.  Sign me up.  Yum doesn't even begin to describe the Sunday brunch at Coca Cafe.
5	So...I have never made it in here for their famous brunch, because it always looks so darn crowded, with a super long wait!  Regardless, I have had their food at any number of events, and it never ceases to amaze!  In addition to eating in at their charming location, talk to them about catering if you want your event to be really remembered.  A high number of vegan and vegetarian options, in addition to those with meat.  These gals are truly accommodating.
5	I love Coca Cafe more than any other restaurant in Pgh. So you have to wait? Whatever. You should, because it's worth it. Or go on a weekday and sit outside sipping mint tea and watching the traffic on Butler and the comings and going at the convenience store next door. Classy? Maybe not. But fantastic nonetheless.Walk in, seat yourself (if it's not Sunday) and listen to Brazilian music. Get a coffee. Get cinnamon swirl bread that absolutely oozes butter and fat and sensuous warmth. On Sunday get any of the specials. Today both the chorizo stuffed banana peppers and the waffled french toast with peaches made me about want to die they were so good. I thought I would explode, but I refused to leave anything behind. Also, I love the server from ATL. He's the only person in Pgh that I've met who says 'y'all' (besides myself.) More y'all. Less yinz. I'm all for it. And they have secret caches of Sriracha (cock sauce for those less prudish than I) if you happen to dislike Tabasco.
4	Such a good breakfast!  My mouth is watering at the thought of it.  I had the herbed goat cheese stuffed French toast.  The meal with delicious.  The mix of the flavors of the goat cheese with the maple syrup and the contrast between cheese and French toast was to die for.  My friends ordered the apple cinnamon panini and the almond French toast, and both thought they were delicious.  The atmosphere at Coca Cafe was fun, with bright colors, high ceilings, and comfortable seats.  The service was good, prompt, and polite.  I noticed that the wall menu has fresh juices and smoothies, so I hope to go back sometime to try those; I don't live in Pittsburgh, but I'll be stopping by this place every time I'm back.
4	Love the ambiance of this cafe in Lawrenceville, located very close to Piccolo Forno and the 40th street bridge.  I had heard great things about the restaurant and was excited to try it out.  The place is packed and with a lengthy waitlist on Sunday mornings.  We got there and had our name on the list by 10:45 am and still had to wait about an hour to get seated.  And then, getting our meals took a long time also.  I actually went with the server's suggestion and got a special (smoked salmon frittata) - not the best, it turns out.  The frittata was especially dense and nothing to write home about and it came with 2 small pieces of smoked salmon on top.  Hmmm.  The french toast and sage ham meals that I saw looked good, and probably would be my choice the next time.  Later, I heard that avoiding the specials and sticking to the basics of the menu is usually your best bet.  Price-wise, it's about on par with other brunch locations in the city.  While a bit more inconvenient with respect to the wait and location, I am sure I will be back here for the different menu options and the charm of the cafe.
5	went there today. best white omlet in years, clean bright place with street parking. Just a bit slow but very friendly
4	This is where I discovered that avocado does not belong in an omelette. But the smoked salmon omelette is fantastic.
4	I heard so much hype about this place, I was seriously put off and hesitant to try it. I heard that the vegetarian and vegan options were slim. Plus, the hours are a little early for me, and I just kept missing them. One morning though, pressed to find a vegetarian/vegan brunch in Lawrenceville for a spontaneous brunch date, we sidled up to Coca to be surprised and delighted. The wait for a table was less than 5 minutes, even though every table appeared full and it was a Sunday morning at prime brunch hour. Maybe they conjured it up. The space is darling - ground-level store front on Lawrenceville's main drag, bright colors, precious art, so squeaky clean, a well-maintained antique feel. The table service was provided by a series of remarkable people -- they were all quick, inoffensive, practically invisible, but helpful & attentive. I literally cannot remember the last time I paid less than $20 for a meal and felt pampered. Ordering from the menu, I felt the vegan options were a little sparse, but a vegetarian could have their pick of choices. And then the food arrived! Everything we ordered was scrumptious. Not in the "satisfactorily good" sort of way -- but actually, each bite was a surprising delight. I expected a passable veggie-friendly brunch on a moment's notice, but I was amazed by what actually happened. Tucked into a tiny booth in a back, bright yellow room, my brunch buddy & I marveled at perfect fluffy asparagus omelettes (hers) and a southwest-inspired tofu veggie pico scramble wrapped in a warm tortilla. The tofu scramble was, perhaps, a low spot in the meal. It was good, but I have been spoiled by the finger-lickin' tofu scrambles at other sites. When we left, after stand-up drip coffee and pleasant conversation, we were pleasurably stuffed. My brunch date remarked on what a nice place, what a great neighborhood, and how smart of me to chose such a great spot! This is the mark of a quality dining experience - to elevate yourself & your neighborhood's value in the eyes of a visitor. Coca, what a pleasant surprise!
1	I can't wait to eat here! There was a huge wait today and so we didn't get in, and then we left -- my parents in frustration, and me, slinking ouut, embarrassedly like the 16 year old I am not!The hostess told us it would only be 20 minutes to sit down. We were there for 25, and our friendly but incorrect hostess told us -- after those 25 minutes that it had been "just a few minutes," and that there were still 4 parties (sight unseen) ahead of us. Ack! This is not a bad thing if a) you're not hungry or b) the people you're with are not impatient, or c) you don't mind being cramped in a small space with other people who are waiting, not for a table, but for the bathroom because there is no other place to wait.It's clear, Dear Reader, and Dear Hostpeople, and Dear Patrons, that 25 minutes to a hungry person is like  ONE FREAKIN' HOUR  to a non-hungry person, so really, it was like an hour. And, I observed during said 25 minutes, that Coca Coffee does not have enough chefs or tables to cover the number of people who want to dine there (Yelp must be right: the food looks and sounds fabulous!). And, a quick note to the owners:  How about some chairs for people to sit down at? We were relegated to the door by the bathroom, and had no where to go when others had "to go!" This experience led me to construct a Do's and Don'ts list seen here. I will, however, return, (because I'm never one to pass up the chance for good food in a hip atmosphere) and will update this review once I try their food and fresh orange-carrot-ginger juice. :)Do's(esp. on a Saturday or Sunday):* Try to call ahead to put your name on the list. * Have a LARGE snack beforehand because the wait is not only long for seating but service. * Do check out the neighborhood of Lawrenceville, which is really cute. You can walk up and down the street; you'll have time! They take your cell phone number so you can go somewhere else while you wait. * Do bring friends you want to catch up with while you wait, or a book you've really been wanting to read, or the paper; you'll have time to read most of it! Cool.Do NOT's (esp. on a Saturday or Sunday)* Do NOT go with a huge group that takes up half the restaurant for others and park yourself at your table for the afternoon after you've finished. I mean, is that fair? Didn't your mom teach you to be considerate? ;)  You get plenty of "catch-up time" before you sit down. * Do NOT go on a rainy or snowy day (there's nowhere to wait except inside by the bathroom).* Do NOT bring anyone who cannot stand in one place for less than an hour. That means any friends or relatives who are in a wheelchair (there's no room), or who are ADD -- actually, come to think of it, if you're ADD, it'll be fine cuz you'll forget that you're hungry or that you're stuck in the corner by the bathroom waiting for a table, or that you've been sitting for 1/2 hour and the service is slow.* Do NOT bring kids -- sure it's hip and cool inside with a funky painted interior and cool vases -  but there's nothing for them to do, and the service is so slow.* Speaking of slow service, do NOT bring your parents or grandparents as there is no place to sit down while you wait (see above), and have you noticed how people get grumpier and more impatient as they get older, or is that just my family? They will most likely be aggrevated and b*tch and moan about how it was never like this in the "old days" and how Eat-N-Park is so much easier to get to, has Senior Specials,  and that it has better food (Riiight!).Again, Coca Cafe LOOKS like a great find, has very friendly servers and hostess, but needs a section for people to sit and wait, and more chefs on the weekend (to get the people in and out).  I can't wait to update my review ...once I get in... ;)
4	Apparently, I managed to visit this place at one of the few times it's not completely packed. Which was awesome for me because the 4 cheese omelette I ordered was insanely delicious. The waitress was super nice and the atmosphere was very relaxed. I will definitely be making a visit the next time I'm in town.
4	This was one of the most creative and delicious breakfasts I've ever had (in Pittsburgh at least).  I'd give it a five, but the wait is a little long....If you want to get a seat on the weekend, just make sure you get there about ten minutes before it opens.
4	This is a great place for Brunch on a weekend.  The place is small, so there is often a wait.  It is not very handicap friendly (as far as I could tell, maybe there was an area that was but some f the tables were on ledged platforms etc that would make wheelchair access difficult).  The food here is excellent.  While there are other places in town that have lovely pancakes, omelets etc., this is the first place that I have seen that sees fit to innovate a bit with their menu.  They have a savory french toast which is stuffed with an herbed goat cheese that is absolutely delicious and a really pleasant surprise.
5	Yes, this is a popular stop.  So stop whining, if you're going on a Sunday for brunch either show up early before they open at 10 or be ready to wait at least half an hour just to sit down, especially if you have a bigger group.  Even if you show up at opening unless you get your order in right away you are going to wait to eat, anyhow.That said, our brunch was almost PERFECT.  I had a special, Manchego grits with poached eggs, applewood smoked bacon and salsa.  The grits really were spectacular and I plan on making them myself at home.  The rest of my party had Challa French Toast with Brie and Fig Jam, almost a perfect combination.  We split a banana/mango/pineapple smoothie and it was also quite tasty.
4	Just got back from trying this place for the first time.  Right up front, *enormous* bonus points for the best restaurant website I've seen in months; the front page has address and hours in easy to find, clear text.  (Is that so much to ask of all the other restaurants around?)They had every table full on a friday at noon, but no wait, which was good.  Definitely seemed like a place best well-timed; avoid busier times of the day, I think.  Service was very friendly, and a hair slow due to the full restaurant.That said, the white omelette was good, as was the brie-stuffed french toast.  Both could have used a touch more cheese, maybe; not sure if anyone else would agree, as I really love some cheese.  Cinnamon bread was surprisingly understated and awesome.  The art on the walls was actually first-class, which was more than a little surprising to me.I'll head back soon.
3	Let me preface this, THE FOOD IS AMAZING.I have gone here several times and every time I remember why I come back. The food. Especially the lovely goat cheese herbed stuffed french toast! Wow!Let me get to the three stars. So, I usually give restaurants a chance, I truly love Pittsburgh and it's cultured little joints, but seriously, EVERY time I come here I have some kind of tragic experience with the wait staff. 1. They NEVER take names. People are confused, and all huddled in the front.2. The waitresses are mean, rude, overworked, and need to chill out.3. They do not clear the tables quickly enough and you can stand waiting for an empty table to be cleared for up to 20 minutes, it's annoying!But all in all, the food is 5 stars, I just wish they would hire more help and re-arrange the seating to be more useful. All in all, worth the wait with one friend. Just don't bring a family or a bunch of people.
3	Cute little place that reminded me a bit of Berkeley. We went late (around 2ish), so no lines - although I guess that meant service was a bit off as well since they were trying to prepare for closing. I mean, the waitress forgot to put in our orders, our water glasses went unfilled, they all seemed a bit rushed even though there weren't many people left. Or maybe service is just normally off. Who knows.Food was not bad. But not drool-worthy. Or maybe I've been spoiled by NYC. The mushroom omelette was nice and fluffy - slightly crispy on the edges, so a nice departure from the runny French style of my beloved little bistros. The sides were just sad though - two tiny pieces of bread and 2 completely under-ripe pieces of honeydew. The challah French toast didn't live up the hype. While the brie worked better than expected, the toast was just too dense and not sweet enough for our expectations. I still crave the French toast from the Clinton St Baking Company in NYC. And the smoothies made us sad that we didn't just suck it up and make it ourselves at home. So not worth the $3. Now I realize how New Yorkers totally know brunch. Sorry, Pittsburgh. Nice try, but not quite there yet.
4	This place is like an ever-so-slightly more upscaled older sister compared to the Square Cafe. It still sports a look that says DIY shabby chic, but the space is more comfortable than the Square Cafe.Like most other reviewers, I enjoyed their food. The coffee was piping hot and plentiful. The smoothie was rich and well proportioned (neither lumpy nor runny). We've tried their pumpkin pancakes (good texture, not too sweet), their breakfast burrito (nice contrast between the creamy egg, the veggies, and the toasted wrap) and a side of sage sausages (well seasoned). Generally speaking, their food quality is higher than Square Cafe for about the same price.We did not have a long wait (around 11am on a Saturday), though it was not immediately evident how we get ourselves on the wait list. The service quality is a bit spotty, as other reviewers have mentioned, but I think it's because the waitstaff has to take care of too many tables, not because they are inherently rude.   When they get around to it, they are perfectly pleasant.4.5 stars
4	This is a great little restaurant that gets very crowded. I had an excellent mother-daughter brunch here, and we thoroughly enjoyed the food. I found the servings to be very large and delicious, especially the 4-cheese omelet. There was decent service for the crowd and the food and coffee weren't sacrificed. I'm looking forward to another delicious breakfast here.  It's a little more expensive than my typical breakfast choice but given the food quality and quantity, the price is more than reasonable. As a tip, I arrived promptly on a Saturday morning (9am is when they open), and there were plenty of tables open.
4	I've been here a couple times in the past year and a half, and I always mean to go back but keep forgetting it exists.I try to avoid the brunch rush when I go, it's definitely doable!  The front has a nice coffeehouse vibe to it, but there are a few tables nestled in a narrow area out back, and this is where I've always ended up seated.  It's not especially well-decorated back there, but it's cozy.  Although there are a lot of tempting things on the menu, I always opt for the curried chicken salad sandwich.  Maybe one of these days I'll branch out and try something else, but that sandwich is way too delicious to pass up!
4	Coca's had super bright colors and a cute cozy feel which was definitely a refreshing change from the monotony of the brunch locations around Carnegie Mellon University where I go to school.We got there around 11:30 and put our names down; we were told there would be around a 30-40 min wait so we walked around the neighborhood for a bit.I had their smoked salmon omelet and a double cappuccino.  She got their creme brulee french toast and a mixed greens salad.Cappuccino was pretty standard; it was slightly above average but not super special.Smoked salmon omelet came with grilled potatoes and a slice of watermelon.  The omelet also had sliced cherry tomatoes, scallions and dill.  Super fluffy and tasty; I'd definitely get it again!I tried a couple pieces of the creme brulee french toast and it was sinfully delicious.Note: Get there early or you'll have to wait (they open at 10 AM; there was still a wait as we left after 1 PM), and they might also be out of some of their specials (they were out of their crab hash).On the car ride back we were already discussing what we'd get the next time we head back.
3	I've heard about this place ever since I got to Pittsburgh and, for whatever reason, haven't had a chance to try it till yesterday. My first impressions were quite positive:- The decor is very trendy and reminded me of some favorite brunch places back in NYC.- There was a short wait (20 min) which would normally be a turn off, but Coca takes your cell phone number and calls you when your table is ready, leaving you the freedom to explore the boutiques lining Butler Ave. I really wish more restaurants would do this!- The banana bread and the zucchini bread (see photo) were fantastic! I highly recommend them. Whatever is in the butter that accompanies each must have crack in it b/c I couldn't stop eating it!- My girlfriend got the goat cheese stuffed french toast. Not the best stuffed french toast ever (head to Dozen for that...mmm...hungry just thinking about it), but very interesting and very tasty.Sadly, though, that's where the greatness stopped. I ordered the smoked salmon omelet with the goat cheese and a side of sausages. It was, well, bland. The salmon wasn't very salmon'y, and the eggs weren't very egg'y. I don't know how to describe it other than "blah". Oh, and my sausages were shaped liked meatballs and were completely flavorless. What gives?For a place that I've heard nothing but good things about, this one feel a bit flat. And even as I write this, I'm torn between giving it 3 or 4 stars (damn you Yelp and your lack of 1/2 stars). On the one hand, the bread and my girl friend's dish were delicious. On the other hand, I could make my dish better with very minimal effort. So I think I'm going to leave it as a 3-star rating but with the caveat that if you order the right things, you might well give it a higher rating.Good luck in finding the right dish at this trendy, but underwhelming eatery.
4	This restaurant is called Coca Cafe, not Coca Coffee Lounge.I went with my teen daughter on a Sunday at noon and we tried:zucchini bread with chocolate chips - excellent & warm & moist!blueberry/mango/raspberry smoothie - very goodmocha - very goodsouthwest breakfast quesadilla with eggs, caramelized onions, muenster, guac, sour cream - very goodfrench toast with goat cheese - very goodI called a half hour ahead to get our name on the list, and when we got there we had only a 5 minute wait - not bad.The food was very good, but I wouldn't call it excellent.  The french toast I make at home doesn't have herbed goat cheese in it, but I think it's moister.There were a few glitches in the service: late delivery of silverware; slow to take our main dish order after delivering the zucchini bread & drinks; never offered us water - we had to ask.  The folks were friendly, even if they were overworked.  There were about four groups of 2-4 people on the sidewalk outside waiting for a table.  I saw one group with small kids give up on the 30-40 min wait and go down the block for brunch at Dozen.Overall, I would go back.  The waitress said that Tue-Fri breakfast or lunch is much less crowded.  Next time I might try the banana bread and the pumpkin pancakes.
4	I was a little hesitant when my friend told me that I was going to have to be at the restaurant before it opened in order to beat the breakfast rush.   I'm all about waking up early for good chow, but it seemed a little ridiculous to wait in line to eat BEFORE a restaurant opened.  However, this is really the way that you have to do it at Coca Cafe on a Sunday.  We were the first people in line and were immediately seated on the back patio in the first wave of folks.  I ordered the scrambled eggs with chorizo and the creamy polenta stuffed bell pepper.  I could have died and gone to brunch heaven.  I am going to dream about that breakfast for a LONG time.  My friend order the crab hash with fried eggs, which was decent but a little dry for my liking.  The coffee was delicious and my side of fruit was divine.  I would have given Coca Cafe 5 stars on food alone, but the whole production to get a seat is a bit much.  I want to go back again, but I don't know if I can convince any of my drunkard friends to wake up extra early on a Sunday.
3	Food is tasty, and I definitely like taking friends to get the delicious stuffed french toast and such here. Unfortunately the service can be seriously lacking in-part due to the fullness of the place for brunch, and in part due to less than attentive waitstaff. My major issue here is that the place could be a LOT cleaner. As someone who has worked in foodservice for a long time, that was one of the first things I noticed, and I wonder about (but try not to think on too long) the conditions in the kitchen as a result. If the place was a little more kept-up I'd definitely give it higher marks.
3	Coca Cafe, well known for brunch, also has a wide array of sandwich options for lunch, which all sound delicious. We ordered the curried chicken salad with sultanas, which gave the curry a sweet, delicious flavor on a croissant, which was good. The croissant was too highly toasted, and fell apart, but the chicken salad was amazing! My partner ordered the Turkey Rachel (like a Reuben, but with turkey). It was so good: moist, and creamy dressing on really good bread. I also ordered hot chocolate, which was made like an espresso (read: good), but wasn't chocolate-y enough for me. The main complaint I have is about the service and environment. We went for lunch at 2:30 (since we live an hour away), even though they close at 3:00.  They accepted us in, without a smile, and began to clean the restaurant (changing garbage bags and cleaning the bathroom) at 2:30 and 2:45, which felt very uncomfortable, and made us feel like we had to hurry in our eating. Restaurants, especially good ones like this one, should not do clean until after closing time.
4	Came here again at the suggestion from the brother and sis.  Got here around 10:30.  This is not good, as they open at 10 and they had just seemingly seated the whole place one minute before we arrived.  We waited for about 30 minutes and had some coffee and watched the list fill up behind us.  I had the french toast sandwich with ham, cheese and asparagus.  My dining partner got the puff pastry with eggs, apple sausage and brie.  The service was good.  The place was quite crowded.  This is obviously a very popular spot.  I thought it was good, but I have had better brunches.  That being said, I would return here for sure.
5	Things like freshly squeezed juices and French toast stuffed with figs and goat cheese for under $10 make this the best breakfast and brunch in Lawrenceville. If you show up at 10am, there is no wait on the weekends. Otherwise expect to wait 30 minutes or more.
3	I've been here for brunch a few times and the food has always been wonderful.  My only real complaint is the layout in the front room, but it's not fun to have people sticking their asses on your head while you try to eat a delicious plate of chicken and waffles.  The restaurant gets SO busy, and there is no clear host station, so people just sort of mill about, and the chairs are just low enough to put your head at ass level.  If they can re-work the space, this would be a four star review.  The food is unique, fresh and delicious and the atmosphere is informal, with excellent service.
4	I've only been here once for brunch, but I quite enjoyed the experience. It gets busy, so be prepared to wait.
5	The only problem with eating here is the difficulty of deciding-- sweet or salty?  The only way we could resolve this was to go back two days in succession and liberally share our plates.  Their french toasts (fig and brie; creme brulee with peaches) were both fantastic, and probably the stars of the show.  And I say that as somebody who normally strongly prefers savory breakfasts to sweet ones.  But the omelet (avocado and bacon) and the shrimp po'boy benedict (fried shrimp, poached egg, french bread, hollandaise) was improbably excellent.  There's no point in continuing to list-- everything else (toast, coffee, juice) was great too.  Just eat and enjoy.Almost as important, the atmosphere is colorful and cheerful, the service is extremely friendly, and while the lines are long, they let you call in advance to put your name on the list.  (The reviewer below who mentions getting there before it opens is not far from the mark.)  If you're in Pittsburgh and trying to decide if it is worth the drive to Lawrencevile:  it is.
4	This is a really good breakfast / brunch spot and one of my favorite in Pittsburgh so far. I had a really good omelet and my girlfriend had a crepe and both were really delicious. I haven't tried lunch or dinner here yet but I will return!
5	My favorite brunch in the city.   Herbed goat cheese French toast is the best.   6 stars.
4	Food-wise Pittsburgh could really do no wrong during my recent weekend trip and Coca Cafe was the perfect way to end the time I spent there. My boyfriend and I drove up to see a line of people waiting to be seated as the place opened up for business on Sunday morning. We ended up heading over to Espresso a Mano to wait for 30 minutes until a table freed up. The staff called us right on schedule and was extremely friendly.The decor is cute and eccentric. Exposed brick, art on the walls, mis-matched furniture, all very cute and welcoming. Our service was a little spotty, the girl forgot a few things and seemed distracted but the food made up for that. I had the goat cheese and red pepper polenta cakes with poached eggs. The eggs and the grilled potatoes that came with were perfection. The polenta cakes were a tad too rich though. I wanted them to have a bit more solidity. They were so rich, in fact, that I could only eat one. I also got a side of bacon and let me tell you it was the BEST BACON I have EVER HAD! I could have had just that and been happy.My bf ordered the black bean and andoullie sausage hash and it was incredible..it made me wish I had ordered that. His buttermilk biscuit, however, was a tad bland. Over all it was a delicious meal and I'm a little sad I didn't get to try their sweeter menu items. If I'm ever back in Pittsburgh this place will be on my repeat stop list!
4	I've only been here for brunch but the brunch is always delicious! My personal favorites being the french toast stuffed with goat cheese and berries... or the challah french toast mmm mmm mmm.It attracts two crowds very strongly--- bourgeoisy white people and hipsters. Every time I've been it's been in a strange sea of jcrew and rattytatty clothing.
4	The long, long, long wait is the only drawback to Coca Cafe. If you have a lot of time to wait and then sit and have some really amazing food, it is worth it. The atmosphere is Europe meets SoHo, and it gives a retro vibe. There is local art covering the walls and great window lighting.  Sunday brunch is their specialty, and that is when you will wait at least an hour. You can always go grab a coffee at Espresso A  Mano and visit the great Lower Lawrenceville shops. All of the items on the brunch menu are unique, but well thought-out, and delicious. You can tell everything is extremely fresh. They even have fresh squeezed juices and smoothies. My personal favorite dish is the Southwestern Breakfast Wrap made with tofu and a side of guacamole. The daily breakfast and lunch menus are equally as inventive, offering pancakes and french toast, pastries, eggs, sandwiches and wraps, and salads. They cater to vegetarians and vegans, which is always refreshing. The lunch barbecued tofu salad is very good, atop fresh mixed greens. The staff is very friendly and helpful, and they manage to remain calm even when it seems the whole city is at their door. I would recommend this place to anyone who is visiting the city, artistic, vegetarian, or just if they are really into Sunday brunch!
4	Went for breakfast on an early Wednesday morning.  I was the first one there a few minutes after 7 am.  Super friendly and prompt service.  Comfortable and funky decor that I really liked.  Excellent coffee, and they brewed fresh decaf for me on request after 2 cups of regular.  I had the avocado omelet, which was pretty good, but I think they forgot the jalepeno cheese in it.  $10.50 tab, before tip.  I would probably go back again -- but would check out some other places in the neighborhood first.  Seems like a friendly and funky place.
5	Believe the hype. Even if Coca Cafe's hype included wild tales of unicorns slicing fresh fruit in the kitchen and shitting rainbows into the cappuccino, I would tell you to believe the hype. You would shake your head and insist it couldn't be true, but I would make you see the light: Believe. The. Hype.Even though you have to truck down to Hipster Hell (a.k.a. Lawrenceville) to go to Coca Cafe, I would beg you to believe the hype.Because breakfast at Coca Cafe is about as magical as rainbow-shitting unicorns; hell, it might be even more magical than that. Here's what I know for sure: the banana bread was warm and moist and absolute heaven when slathered with the cream cheese-based spread. The andouille sausage polenta cakes with poached eggs were like the clouds parting and spraying every square inch of Pittsburgh with God Rays. Neither my dining companion nor I said a single word, and virtually inhaled our food in minutes, periodically smacking our lips and moaning slightly. I should probably disclose that I was very hungry when I went to Coca Cafe. Very, very hungry. It was past noon and I hadn't yet eaten. Long story. You might (rightfully) claim that this fact alone would obscure my judgment, that I would probably think a Big Mac was the pinnacle of civilized cuisine after being deprived of food for so long. I would consider your theory. Then I would tell you to go to hell. Or go to Coca Cafe and experience it yourself.
5	Two words: Breakfast. Pizza. Two slices of thick-cut bread topped with herbed cheese and Parmesan spread, greens and seared tomatoes, sunny-side up eggs, and deliciously seasoned sausage. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMWi7CLoZ2Q
4	Ohhhh mama.  Came here right before Thanksgiving, so one of their specials was the Thanksgiving Breakfast - Turkey sausage with yukon potato hash smothered in mushroom gravy with bread pudding and a side of cranberry sauce.  Wasn't sure what made this a "breakfast" dish other than the hash, so I went ahead and asked for a fried egg on top.  I have to admit, when the dish came out, I was a little taken aback by the grey color of the mushroom gravy, but don't let it fool you.  It's was super delicious and wish they could have this dish all year long.
3	This place has excellent breakfast/brunch offerings and really deserves four stars. HOWEVER, my friend from NYC and I arrived this morning to learn that there was a one-hour wait. Keep in mind there were four empty tables (2 4-tops and 2 6-tops) and no one else was waiting either inside or outside. We left and had nice breakfast/brunch at J'eet. I would recommend trying J'eet. It's in Bloomfield/Upper Lawrenceville and we had no wait.
4	My girlfriend and I decided to ride our bikes down to Coca Cafe and get some breakfast. Once we arrived we were told there would be a 10 minute wait.A lot of people keep repeating that the service here is bad. I guess I can see where they are coming from if you're a pretty high strung person who is used to being in and out of a restaurant and fed as soon as you sit down. The Coca Cafe is not this place and it's really obvious. It's a pretty small cafe and you're going to have to deal with a little bit of waiting. The owner, or at least what I thought was a manager of some sort did not seat a group of two while we were waiting because the rest of their party was not there. This is a simple rule and it allows people who are ready and on time to get a seat. In a place as small as Coca Cafe you can't afford to seat half of a party while they wait however long for the rest of their people. This might be considered "rude" to people but it's born of necessity. The "customer is always right" mantra is not universally accepted at every establishment you patronize.Anyway, with that out of the way. We were seated in less than 10 minutes and ordered two omelets. I had the wild mushroom omelet (shiitake and portabello) with Jarlsberg cheese, a side of grilled potatoes, and pumpernickel toast. My girlfriend had the tomato, feta, and pesto omelet. I got an orange juice with my water which was definitely freshly squeezed and delicious.After a little bit of a wait (see my earlier rant) we got our food which was amazing. The omelets were full and incredibly hardy. The mushrooms were fresh and springy with a tiny bit of crunch to them. The Jarlsberg cheese was so mild that I forgot it was in there at first; you can choose from two different cheeses so next time I think I'll try the other cheese to see if it is less subtle. The egg was cooked just right, a little crispy brownness on the edges and fluffy everywhere else. Nowhere in the omelet did I find raw yolk which I absolutely hate. The potatoes were cooked through and crispy on the outside, seasoned to perfection.
4	Food: The menu is small, but every item on it sounds delicious.  There are traditional breakfast items like oatmeal, omelets, and french toast, and also brunch-type items like breakfast burritos and paninis.  Vegetarians and carnivores will have plenty of options.  We ordered the almond french toast which was drizzled with lemon creme and topped with strawberries and also the apple panini which had cream cheese, raisins, cranberries and other goodies and came with a side of fresh fruit.  Both were more than enough to fill us up, and we also shared a side of the homefries which were very tasty.  The french toast was fantastic as well, and both meals were unique and delicious.  Price: The overall cost of breakfast was slightly above average but the variety of ingredients and great taste of the food made up for it.Drinks: The coffee was good, and the Almond Coca Mocha was fantastic.  Coca Cafe also makes their own juices, and we tried the carrot-ginger-orange juice.  It was very natural/healthy tasting.  There were also smoothies to try but we stopped at two drinks each.Atmosphere: There is a bigger dining room in the front and a smaller, narrow dining area in the back next to 38th street.  The back room has large windows that let in sunshine and fresh air.  The back room is primarily tables for two, and the tables aren't too close together.  There aren't a lot of tables, and they fill up quick.  We parked on Butler Street and didn't have to walk far.  We tried Coca Cafe on a weekend morning once in the past and we were offered a 45 minute wait for a table, so we left.  On a weekday the restaurant was still full but we didn't have to wait for a table.Service: The service was the only questionable part of our trip to Coca Cafe.  Once seated, we waited a solid 10-15 minutes before we were even offered drinks.  The homemade food was delicious, but we waited quite a while for it and had our coffee refilled only once, at the very end of the meal.  The waitress was friendly but seemed rushed and slightly frazzled.  The restaurant was busy, but we've seen it busier.(+): imaginative breakfast options, delicious food, good coffee and other drinks(-): often very busy which leads to wait time for a table and mediocre service, slightly above average cost for breakfastWould I go back again? Yes.  To get the almond french toast again, and to try some of the other interesting options.
4	I really love Coca Cafe!  All of the 5 star and 4 star reviews of this place are right on.  They're breakfast menu is great and served all day.  I recently had the turkey club sandwich for lunch and it was excellent.  My friend had the pulled pork sandwich, but he said it was a little too sweet for him.  The only thing that bugs me about this place is that I always find that my cups/glasses are a little dirty, in that there's a leaf of parsley here or cemented on tiny piece of food there.  Other than that everything is really good.  I can't wait to go back!
4	Pittsburgh does brunch early! (and only on Sundays?) We came at around 11am and already had a wait! It's ok, the wait was worth it and we had a nice little walk around the neighborhood beforehand. This was just before Thanksgiving and they had this amazing turkey sausage hash breakfast option with gravy and cranberry sauce. Over half of our six-person party ordered it. I went in a completely different direction and ordered a butternut squash and manchega cheese flan with a mixed salad and potatoes on the side. Straight off the specials menu. Why order from the regular menu when the specials look so amazing! Honestly, we can always order from the regular menu, right?Anyways, the place is a bit quirky with some wonderful service and a diverse crowd - a mix of hipsters, older individuals and young families.  There is a wonderful happy vibe and a great place to start your weekend day.
5	We went here on Saturday for breakfast and it was the perfect pick.  Although the restaurant was packed, we didn't wait very long.After we were seated and looked thru the menu, we decided on Smoked salmon omelette, Herbed goat cheese french toast and the Challah french toast, side orders of sausage and maple bacon.  Yes. there were a lot of food, but we ate all of it!The salmon omelette was very good with lemon with it.  The herbed goat cheese french toast was an acquired taste, but the best was Challah french toast. It was the perfect combination of fig jam and brie. Maple bacon is a must try.  We don't live in Pittsburgh, but hubby still mentions every now and then about the fig and brie french toast and the maple bacon.  Service is wonderful and we would go to Coca every weekend if we live in Pittsburgh.
4	This place was delicious! The ingredients are fresh and there are traditional and funky options. The pumpkins pancakes were INCREDIBLE! I wasn't as big of a fan of the mushroom omelet (a little boring). But the omelet with goat cheese or feta (I forget which one) was amazing!
4	I had the roasted vegetable omelette, and my husband had the breakfast quesadilla. Both were really delicious.We are vegetarians who are frequently disappointed either with the selection or the poor quality of the ingredients, but this was very good. Fresh ingredients, creative veg options. Our waitress was very accomidating to a change of sides and did an excellent job describing the Jarlsberg cheese which we had never tried.The cafe itself is a very cute and inviting atmosphere.Only complaint was that we waited about 40 minutes for our food. Though it was understandable, since it was Sunday brunch.They did acknowledge our wait, and gave us extra sides for the trouble.
4	There is a LONG wait here, so if your are in a hurry or starving go somewhere else. I ordered the cobb salad that was HUGE and wonderful! The applewood smoked bacon made it....huge hunks of eggs and avocados. It's a cute little place, but be patient and don't be a clean freak....I ordered coffee and water & could see "stuff" like lip marks on both...it was interesting!
2	Food is good, coffee is good, location is relatively easy to get to and park at...so why the 2 stars?The service sucks a lot.  Started going to Coca a few years ago and the service staff used to be super nice.  I always expect a long wait, but they always made you feel welcome, so I didn't mind.  However, the past 3-4 times I've been there, the service has gone WAY downhill.  From the greeting to the service at the tables...wow.2nd to last time I went I was told "1 hour" for 3 people.  Stood around outside for a bit...got cold and went inside to buy a to-go coffee (which I've always been able to do before).  Was told by one of the servers that it was "discouraged" to get coffee before we sat down, so we can go get coffee down the street...in a condescending "why are you bothering me" tone.Um...you discourage people to buy coffee from you?Last time I went, another 1 hr wait for 2 people.  Came back 30mins later, and wanted to see how far we were on the list.  The server snatched up the list, and said "An hour from whenever I first told you" and walked away.Nice.So we went to Square Cafe instead in Regent Square...just as busy, just as many people...but far nicer and actually apologized for the 20min wait time.
4	After sleeping in on a rainy Saturday, we decided to come to Coca Cafe an hour before it closed for brunch. Surprisingly it was still packed then and couldn't fit our party of 5 for another 20 minutes. There's no waiting room so they told us to wait at a nearby coffee shop but instead of trying to find it, we went back to our car and hung out until we received a call from them letting us know our table was ready.If you're going for a juice, I'd recommend the carrot ginger but the carrot ginger orange is just a bit much. The applewood smoked bacon is a must try, I just love how it had a crisp apple taste to it.I ordered the mushroom omelette while my friend ordered the salmon omelette so we can share and try both. The salmon omelette had a nice lavish layer of lox right on the underside of the eggs and highly recommend for salmon lovers. The mushroom omelette is also a great choice for vegetarians and non alike. Overall good experience and I spent just ~$15 for an omelette, side of bacon and juice.
4	Okay, I NOW have the hang of how Coca Cafe "works." If you're smart, you'll call them before you leave your house and they'll put your name on the list for a table. THAT is the ONLY way to enjoy this place! The food is awesome and the wait staff is generally friendly.
4	I wanted to try this place ever since I saw it had high reviews on yelp. This Sunday, my boyfriend and I finally did for the Sunday Brunch. First off, CALL IN TO RESERVE a spot on the list because the line can get very long (most of us who just went there hadto wait an hour). They do tell us that there is a coffee shop three blocks down (and a Dozens cupcake further down too), but the wait is very long!Upon seated, the waitress made us feel very appreciated and thanked us for the wait. It was around 12:50pm then. I ordered the roasted vegetable omelette and the boyfriend ordered french toast sandwich. Both were delicious. I'm a big fan of omelettes so I was super excited when it came. The cheese and the veggies together - yum! If you have a big appetite on sundays you can also order the side of a croissant - it was DELICIOUS, worth every penny! Lots of on street parking too. I'm totally a fan, but make sure to call in before you go!
4	We loved our brunch at Coca, even after a wait that was longer than quoted.  Lots of reviewers here recommend calling ahead to get your name on the list....we called at 10am, just as the restaurant was opening, and were politely told that Coca doesn't keep such a list.  So, we went with Plan B, which was popping in to get on the list and then heading down the street for coffee and window shopping.  I don't know what the status of this list is, but that was my experience.Anyway, we were visiting just for the weekend and enjoyed the hour wait because it allowed us to look around the Lawrenceville neighborhood.  And the delicious food awaiting us was worth it!  I had an excellent and overly filling challah french toast sandwich with eggs, cheese and asparagus.  My friend loved the southwest breakfast wrap.  The menu is a great balance of breakfast standards and interesting, seasonal specials.  We had really friendly service and a lovely morning!
4	I like the food at Coca a lot, and I've never had a problem getting seated(Even on a Sunday), however if I was going on a peak hour I would definitely call ahead. I love that they take your cell phone number and call you when a table is ready - take your time and walk around Lawrenceville instead of hanging around outside waiting.My biggest complaint though is that the service can be slow sometimes. I've been in there a few times where it has taken longer to be greeted than to get a seat.They have a small patio if the weather suits.
5	Had a great breakfast of chicken, gravy, and biscuits with 2 over easy eggs buried under the chicken. Very tasty and not greasy at all. My friend had a mushroom omelet which she said was very good. Good coffee. Very busy early (before 10 AM) on Sunday and there was a 30 minute wait, but good, prompt service once we were seated
4	I had to check out Coca Cafe after reading the comparisons to Square Cafe. The two have very different vibes - Square Cafe is more of a family joint with a lot of craziness whereas Coca Cafe has a laid back hipster vibe.We arrived at about 10am on Saturday and were seated right away. Being a newb to the joint, it was a little bit confusing of what to do once you enter but figured out we needed to make our way to the cash register for the hostess to seat us. Ordered ice coffees which were fitting with the hot weather we have been having along with the smoked salmon omelette and focaccia bread and my boyfriend had the challah french toast. My boyfriend loved his french toast, which I had a bite of. It was deliciously sweet with a little bit of crunch and it was surprising with the brie. My smoked salmon omelette did not have any cheese as I did not opt for the goat cheese. Looking back I think it would have been wise if I had - the omelette was good with the dill and the herbs and tomato but an omelette needs some cheese! The focaccia bread was okay though there wasn't much flavor so I'm thinking I'll try the pumpernickel next time. The hostess and waitress were both nice and provided great service which is always a plus.We will be back and I think I'm leaning towards trying either the almond french toast or pumpkin pancakes next time.
5	Batch of their pumpkin pancakes and a hot cup of coffee is a great way to start the day!
3	I came back here for the almond french toast. Awesome company! and service was okay but I think I'll stick to the savory next time. I thought there would be more almond flavor (I'm thinking bear claw) but the lemon cream sauce was prominent in the french toast and the bread was more of a baguette. Still digging the environment so I would come back.
3	I agree with Teresa T, LOVE the environment but the food....it's just OK.  I've been to this place on a couple different occasions and tried their lunch selections (sammies, salads, etc.) and I've always been underwhelmed.  The surprising thing is that people rave about it!  So when this place came up for brunch plans I decided to give it another try.  I had heard the brunch was the best part so I was cautiously optimistic.  I hadn't been here in a while and what I will say is I LOVE LOVE LOVE the renovations.  The bright red paint and the funky artwork really makes this place pop.  So bravo for whoever designed this.  I sat outside on the side of the building, which I never realized was there.  It was so cute and quaint.  I just really love everything about the atmosphere.  I SO wish I could say that about the food.  I love me some almonds and almond flavored meals, so I tried the Almond French Toast.  Sadly, again I was underwhelmed.  When I imagine french toast I want a puffy thick piece of toast.  This came on a flat thin baguette.  Not a fan.  It was drizzled in lemon sauce and had almonds and fruit sprinkled on top.  I could hardly taste the almond flavor over the lemon drizzle.  Was almond extract even used in the egg mixture?  That's what I would have liked.  I wouldn't be opposed to coming here but maybe I'll just pick up a chai latte and enjoy the great atmosphere instead of the food.  So the search is on for some slammin' almond french toast!
3	Went here over the weekend, and was excited due to all the hype, but agree with Theresa and Rachel - underwhelmed in general.  I got the wild mushroom omelet with brie and while the mushrooms were fresh and tasty and the egg part of the omelet was well prepared (light and fluffy) the cheese just didn't do it for me.  It needed something sharp, spicy or zesty to compliment the mushrooms but the brie lacked on that front.  I felt like I was dousing the omelet with salt left and right, which in my opinion isn't the best sign for the taste of the food.  It means there's either something lacking or that you're trying to cover something up.  I may come here again, but it probably won't be top on my list.
3	So I was in town for the week and visiting my cousin in (I guess hipster) Lawrenceville (when did that happen?).  Anyway...on to the review.  Atmosphere - Hipster coffee shop with people being hipsters, busy, vibrant, friendly, wait staff even said "dude"...but apologized (not sure why)... it made me chuckle.   Food - Many a great choice here on the menu but being that I had eaten a copious amount of cookies over the past holiday weekend I thought I would be healthy by opting for the egg white omelet.  The omelet came w/ spinach, cherry tomatoes, feta, and a side of pumpernickel bread.  The dish was just okay.  Maybe it was too healthy, as there was little flavor present.  Maybe they cook it with a spray and not butter.  Who knows...  To drink I had an unsweetened ice tea which tasted weak or maybe my years in the South w/ strong brewed tea has ruined me.  Service - The service was great as the server was engaging despite it being busy.  There were no faults here.Overall - I would like to give this place another try at a time when I haven't eaten my weight in cookies the weekend before...then it will be French toast time!!
5	I went with a friend the other day and was really happy.It's affordable (I hate the term cheap) and excellent.  I had the black bean burger and a cup of asparagus and mushroom soup.  It might have been the best soup I've ever had and the black bean burger was completely different than any that I've had before. I think it had something extra like fava beans to give it better texture and flavor.My friend had the salmon burger which was also amazing (stole a bite).I think our total with both sandwiches and two excellent cups of coffee with soy creamer (yay!) was about $20.
2	I love this place and eat here quite frequently. That being said I know they get very busy on Sunday brunch. Knowing this I always call ahead for a table. This week I was incredibly disappointed. I called ahead at 12:07 and was old a table would be ready in 45 minutes. We got there a few minutes early so that we would be there when they called. Upon getting there I told the waitress that we were there and would be outside, at this time she said it would probably be about 20 more minutes! Ok so we took a walk, came back, waited some more. Needless to say I called at 12:07, was told 45 minutes and did not get seated until 1:38. An hour and a half later!!! I watched countless tables that were below my name on the list get called. I'm a little flustered, starving, and now all my other plans for the day are ruined. By the time we. Were seated half the items on the special menu were sold out. I'm very frustrated. While th food may be good I definitely have experienced better service.
2	Good food but horribly long wait that makes u wonder whether it's worth the pain. Kept us waiting for over an hour for sunday brunch, and then told us more than half of the specials were no longer available.
4	True, there was a bit of a wait and slow service. I really appreciated the way they handled the wait. Take your number and call you when your table is almost ready. My friends had been there before and knew to call ahead, shower and get ready for the day, then go. This was perfect for a lazy Sunday morning.The food selection looked great. My omelet was good, not amazing. The smoothies are delicious though! As a designer, I am a sucker for the interior design of this place. Boldly colored walls and awesome paintings. I'll definitely be back.
2	I had been wanting to try this place for awhile. I had always thought that they would have good food, but I heard rumors of slow/inconsiderate service. Well, that is exactly what happened. My friends and I wanted brunch on a lazy Saturday, but we were all so lazy as to not actually want to be in public eating, so we ordered take-out from Coca Cafe. We all figured out our orders, and then one person called in. We just did separate orders for each person, so that we could all walk over an pay separately without a problem. Not so. After giving my friend a hard time on the phone when he was making the order, we were treated rudely at the restaurant when we were picking up the order. When we were on our way out, another cashier felt the need to reprimand us again for the way that we were paying them. ARE YOU KIDDING!? Please do not complain about the WAY that we are paying you. They were not even busy.If they are gonna be that bitchy about splitting checks then they should probably list explicitly that they prefer certain ways of payment. It really kinda ruined our experience.... feeling shitty as we leave the restaurant, just happy not to be in those ladies' presence any longer. But when we took the food home, I must admit that it was delicious. I had Challah french toast, and it was yummy. I guess their kitchen is awesome with horrible service, which is so unfortunate because I am not so sure I will suffer through that again for the good food.
4	I went here for brunch on a Saturday with my friend since she said she's heard good things about this place.  This place is next door to Piccolo Forno.  When we got there, the place was packed and there were people waiting to be seated outside.  We came inside and put our names down for a table.  The place is quite big.  There are dining areas in the front and back rooms as well as a few outdoor tables hidden in the back where it's nice and quiet.  We sat outside underneath the shade.  I ordered almond french toasts, which were slices of baguette bread (sliced on the bias), prepared french toast style with thin slices of almond on top and drizzled with lemon butter.  The toasts were crunchy (but not dry or hard) at the crust and golden toasty but soft and dense inside, which is just the way I like them.  No soggyness. The lemon butter complimented the cinnamon and almond flavors of the toasts quite well. While we were eating, it started to drizzle but because we were sitting under the trees, we didn't get wet at all and didn't have to move.  It was interesting to eat outside while it was raining.  Overall, even though I'd only been there once I enjoyed the entire experience.  Service was good.
5	Oh god, is this place good. The food is great & fairly traditional brunch fare, although the use of different types of cheeses helps spice things up. The smoothies are fantastic, too.Like every other popular place, be prepared to wait on the weekend. That being said, Coca will CALL your cell phone so you can go down the street and shop while you wait. This is just great service & really pushes Coca over to 5 stars.
4	Delightful!  Hopefully not a one hit wonder, given the other reviews- but our experience was great and will def. be back.Fun eating area (a little hipster, Brooklyn, mis-matched tables- but without the attitude :))  The menu was comprehensive (but not crazy long) and had a nice balance of breakfast and lunch offerings.And excellent food.  French toast which wasn't too sweet, not too eggy, not excessive but very well executed.  Omelette had fresh, had flavorful ingredients and was devoured. Cannot wait to return.
5	This place is a bit of a hidden gem in Lawrenceville. I hesitated in giving if 5 stars just because I don't want to see this amass lines on weekend brunch!
4	It's my first time here, but it won't be my last. Goat cheese french toast is awesome and my waitress was amazing.
5	In sum, I love this place. Think fresh, vibrant, and everything from the ample lighting and welcoming decor to the deliciously decadent dishes on their menu. I've eaten here 3 times. Not including the fact my husband's work had an event catered by them which was equally fabulous. Thus, I recommend dinning in and catering out!I've only eaten their breakfast menu, while dinning in. I've had the roasted vegetable omelet and the wild mushroom omelet. Omelet's are served with your choice of bread:cinnamon, seven grain, herbed focaccia, pumpernickel or country white toast. My choice both times was the cinnamon- which is amazing. Not too much cinnamon sugar with a pad of butter was the perfect combination. One the third occasion I ordered a freshly prepared (one can here the vitamix at work!) carrot orange ginger juice which was exuberantly fresh and tangy.The staff are very polite and mindful of refills, the removal of plates, and prompt timing of providing a check. If you enjoy simply, healthy foods showcased in their perfect freshness while being reasonably priced- this is the place to go. Their is ALWAYS a line waiting to get into to this place on weekend mornings. After eating there you will soon find out why! Enjoy =)
5	Coca Cafe is amazing! I moved away from Pittsburgh recently and I miss it every Sunday... Their food is great, the waitstaff is great. Yes, they are crowded on the weekend, but so is every other popular brunch spot in the city. Tip: call ahead before you leave your house to put your name on the list. Then, as someone else mentioned, you're free to wander Butler Street until they call your cell!I recommend the challah french toast, goat cheese french toast, sundried tomato omelette, and all of the specials. Yesterday I had cornmeal waffles with pomegranate reduction and pineapple curd... yum!
5	People complain about having to wait here. I don't know what you would expect. It's one of the best and most popular places in Pittsburgh to get brunch. Every time I have been there I've had a great experience. I'm a big fan of the carrot orange ginger juice. I am obsessed with the Goat Cheese French Toast. I honestly crave it, it is the perfect combination of savory and sweet. Sundays are awesome because breakfast entrees come with potatoes. My boyfriend has ordered the salmon burger and thinks its delicious.I always get the same waitress with short hair, I wish I knew her name because she is such a nice person. I always get excited when she waits on us. I wish I could go there more often because this is weekend only spot for me with work. But, maybe that makes it that much more special!
5	I was going with my girlfriend to spend an afternoon Christmas shopping (read: walking around and checking out all the shops) in Lawrenceville and we decided to start with brunch at Coca Cafe, which one of my coworkers had suggested.  Neither of us had been to Coca before, though a few Sundays earlier we had wanted to go for breakfast, but we were (read: she was) hungry before the place opened.  That's disappointing, since we both ended up really liking it.We got there around 10:50 on Saturday and they said there was a half hour wait.  They took our phone number and we went outside for a quick stroll (it was a beautiful day with light snow-but don't worry, the weather isn't affecting my review).  We got back after around twenty minutes, waited another five, and then were seated.  Our waitress was very pleasant, though slightly awkward (in a charming way), and the service was good.  The ambience was very nice for brunch - well-lit, kind of busy, but still able to easily converse with your companion(s).I ordered the herb-goat cheese French toast and she got the smoked salmon omelette (with pumpernickel toast).  The French toast was fantastic.  Perfectly browned on the outside, soft on the inside, it was cooked wonderfully, and the goat cheese and herbs were a great addition.  And the (real) maple syrup came in one of those pot things with the sliding top - only smaller and cuter than the ones you usually see.  The omelette was very good as well.  The salmon was delicious and the egg was as good as any I've had at a restaurant (though I'd still say I've never had a better-cooked omelette out than at home).Coca Cafe is a great restaurant - one of the best I've been to in the 'Burgh.  As I've been writing this review (and even this sentence), I've been flipping back and forth between four and five stars.  I really wish I could give Coca 4-1/2 stars, but I guess I can't.  I'll just sum it up by saying it's an excellent restaurant in an awesome neighborhood and I look forward to going again.  A definite recommend.Side note - I haven't read any of the other reviews, but did anyone else who was there with a boyfriend/girlfriend get seated in what we called the "Couples Corner?"  We noticed that all the people in the back nook area were male/female couples and that there were two obviously non-couple women sitting at a four-person table in the front room when there was room in the back.Less relevant side note - Why does Google Chrome think "omelette" isn't a word.  It accepts "omelet," but when you look up suggestions for "omelette," "omelet" doesn't even make the list!  Cause, yeah, I'm trying to say I got a smoked salmon flannelette.
3	So yes, I love breakfast and this trendy little spot was on my list.  I have heard a lot of this place so my expectations were on the higher side.  The first time I went was with my man friend and we managed to find a 2-top with no issues. I ordered the egg white omelet on the menu and it came with toast.  One of my gripes is that the omelets only come with potatoes on sundays (same price....hmmm, interesting). Toast was hearty but the omelet was on the smaller side. The second time was with the larger group so they said they would call us in 20 min when our table was ready.....50 minutes later we get a call.  Service was slow but the place was busy.  The specials impressed me more on this sunday.  I ordered the egg white frittata with goat cheese and sweet potatoes. Yum.  We also had some pumpkin pancakes for the table also great. Pros: Cute interior, sunday specials, interesting omelets, friendly service, Lawerenceville locationCons: Long waits, slow but friendly service, no potatoes during the week, trendy can mean pricey Overall: I like pamelas, and square cafe better but this place is good. Given the location I will definitely be back!
4	Met a work acquaintance for lunch here a couple weeks ago. I was leery of the "lobster mac and cheese" having been let down by a similarly titled entree at another local establishment. My reservations were unfounded, as they really came through with a delicious bowl of pasta laced with a variety of rich, wonderful cheeses and a healthy amount of sweet, sweet lobster. Served a tasty Mocha as well on a cool early winter's afternoon.Can't wait to head back for a deeper dive into the breakfast/brunch faire.
3	Went to Coca on a Saturday morning for brunch, but was not completely wow-ed by this place yet, so I'm sticking to a 3 star for now.Ordered the Goat Cheese French toast, which was very interesting and good, but not the most amazing thing I've ever had.  I love goat cheese, so I figured I'd give it a shot.The menu is also slightly limited, basically a lot of omelets, which I usually don't get.  Overall, the service was average and the place is cute, obviously popular and always crowded, so I'll probably go back again to try something else.
4	I had a very pleasant experience here for brunch. The decor is kind of retro kind of vintage. The table we were sitting at resembled a tiled floor, but the other tables were pretty modern-looking. Our waitress was pretty nice, but I felt like she was avoiding my eye contact a lot, especially when we were asking for the check and change, but aside from that, service was very prompt and lovely. The food was very interesting too. The menu was diverse, and I ended up getting the special - pork tenderloin sandwich. It was a little smaller than what I expected, but it was very tasty. I also tried my friend's club sandwich - it was large and filling and tasty. Almost every entree came with side salad or quinoa, which makes a very balanced diet, I have to say.
5	We recently ate a late breakfast here and both thought it was one of the best breakfasts we have ever had in Pittsburgh. In fact, we found ourselves comparing it to great breakfast experiences we have had in Puerto Rico and Seattle. The place's interior is cute to begin with; and the menu is so much more interesting than the average restaurant. Most important, they pulled off the unusual touches. It was hard to choose between the creative omelette choices, and the waitress was really helpful with this. I selected the roasted vegetable omelette and it was excellent, both the roasted veggies and the spices. My partner had the breakfast sandwich with eggs and sausage and was equally pleased. Even the bread - which I learned was from Allegro Bakery in Squirrel Hill - was much better than what is typically offered with breakfasts. We are looking forward to a second visit there and are particularly hoping to get there for Sunday brunch!
2	Horrible service. There were a total of 7 customers in the restaurant (including my friend & myself) who stopped in for breakfast on a weekday morning. We waited 10 minutes before any one even approached us for drinks and we had to get our own silverware and menus. One our orders did come they were only slightly warm and the dippy eggs were completely cooked through regulating in no "dip".Will never frequent again!
3	Cute environment, fresh squeezed juices, veggie-friendly menu, and La Prima coffee. Overall, no complaints - it wasn't overwhelming, or underwhelming, just whelming. Really struggling because it should be a 3.5 ... but I will go back to reassess - but for now: They were out of their brunch specials, but we came in late for that anyway - they close at 3, and it was already 2:30. Shame. I had an apple-cheese-cranberry-panini; which was less panini and more like toasted cheese with apples. The bread was good; light and fluffy, and everything seemed fresh. The side of potatoes was perfect. Came with a side of fruit that was pretty lame, but it is January, so whatever ... strawberries aren't exactly in season.  The brunch buddy had the gigantor goat cheese 'stuffed' french toast (literally, the three pieces of bread had to be a loaf) and a side of the sage sausage (which were like little patty-nuggets), and apparently they weren't too 'sagey,' but I'm guessing that's an a-okay thing. The french toast was served with syrup, which it did need - otherwise, it would have been super dry - but Aunt Jemima and goat cheese? I feel like it deserves a little more creativity. Oh, and I hate syrup. Service was fine; we only had one menu and a server took a few minutes to come over (and I don't think she even offered another). We waited a bit after ordering one of the carrot juices (not sure what else was in it, but it tasted predominately carrot).
5	The apple raisin panini  and challah french toast are delicious!  I recommend calling 15 minutes before your arrival and putting your name on the wait list so that you don't have to wait for long once you get there. I can't wait to go back!
4	Coca Cafe let me just say it's like preforming a dropkick of healthy eating in the heat of May. As if you were understandably taken prey, you could find yourself by a bay yelling "Yay". A buffet of tastes won't bring up dismay, your tongue will leap as the flavors begin to play. A ballet of selection, don't worry your wallet won't over pay.. my terrific omelet was filled with chopped up salmon fillet. By the time you leave, you will wish you could stay, Coca Cafe will be remembered in your heart more than Jean Baptiste Pierre Antoine De Monet.
4	I wish you could do a star rating with a caveat. So this is my caveat.I went with two friends and a baby to brunch here in January. I am a breakfast fiend, and will try to eat it for every meal, and though we have our usuals, we decided to find a place at random and give it a shot. Enter Coca Cafe. Of course, I yelped it before we entered, just for a heads up, but we were going anyway.Quick story: food was AMAZING, service was eh, staff was just not so nice.We got there around 12:30, expecting a wait. It looked packed, so I went in alone while my other two friends and her baby waited outside. The sign (I can't remember if it was on the door or on a post as soon as you got in) said to sign in. The usual. There was no hostess stand so I waded through a couple tables to get to the register. There were four ladies behind the counter, milling about at the register and in making smoothies, doing what they do. And I stood there smiling. So maybe 30 seconds passed (but really, anything more than an immediate acknowledgement, even if it's just a 'I'll be right with you' seems long to me) and then I finally said, 'Uh, hi, do I need to put my name down for a table?' The girl at the register just said, without looking at me, 'Yeah, put your name and number down' and pushed a piece of blank computer paper across the counter at me. Okay. Wrote that down. Seemed weird that it wasn't official looking. Kinda worried about eating now. 'So is that all?' She said 'Yeah, and it looks like maybe 45 minutes to an hour for four.' Okay.So I walked out and we shopped around.Around 40 minutes later, we went back. My other friend popped in to check on the status. They said 15-20 minutes. So we waited. A waitress then popped her head outside and called my name. I guess this is a good time to say that there's no waiting room inside - so if it's cold outside and there's a wait, it's probably not worth it. Luckily, it was a warm day and definitely more bearable with the cute boutiques around. Anyway - back to this. She called our name, we gathered up our stuff, and filed in. She had already left the door, so we stepped inside and stood there awkwardly for a second or two before calling across the restaurant (which is small, so it wasn't that disruptive), 'Is this our table?' and pointing to an empty table. The one who had poked her head out the door was behind the counter and said, ' Yeah.' Okay, that's strange. Normally you show people where they're sitting.  I know we had more stuff than the quick pick-up with the baby in tow, but we weren't holding up for more than two minutes. We were starving.So we sat down. A different girl popped over and said, 'Oh, you only have three people and a baby.' To which we said, 'Yes.' And she left. Strange. The same girl then came back and asked what we wanted to drink. Two of us ordered smoothies and the third order a chai tea latte (Around $3 or $4 each). We waited a bit (but were poring over the menu so it wasn't bad) then a different waiter came and had my friend re-order her smoothie (they were out of mango). No big. He then brought out our drinks. The smoothies were fabulous. Thick and fruity and so good. We each ordered something different so as to try bites. I don't remember the food coming quick or slow (and if I thought slow it was only because I was starving) so I'd say the service was average. The food. was. AMAZING. I had the almond french toast with a lemon sauce and strawberries and blueberries, one friend had the lemon pancakes, and the other had an egg white omelet with goat cheese, spinach, and grape tomatoes and a croissant. Seriously amazing. The bread was the good baguette-style stuff, not the stuff from the sliced square loaf, the fruit was fresh and firm, and the taste was just phenomenal. We loved every bite of our own and as we picked off each other's. And it was cheap - each of our plates was about $8. Very reasonable.Our waitress came to clear our plates (I don't remember her stopping by at any time to refill our water [annoying because I'm a camel] or ask if everything was alright) and then said the first nice thing to my friend: 'Your baby is cute.' She then laid down the check without asking if we wanted one or separate (pretty usual). She left and we laid down our three cards and asked if we could split it three ways (already making it easier than splitting out our exact pieces). She said she could only take two cards. Strange, but whatever. We were over their attitudes. Paid and left.So the summary of that: awesome food, don't expect  the same of the service.
3	Excellent (applewood smoked) bacon.  I ordered a side and got a healthy portion for the $3 price.  The coffee is also excellent.  The menu is exciting and the ingredients are fresh.  Staff was attentive.  Prices are a little high, but I guess considering the options and the hipster atmosphere it's to be expected.  I had the Challah French Toast and also tried the Apple Cinnamon Panini.  They serve up healthy portions and both were tasty.  I might go again, but definitely not on a weekend when I'd have to wait.  I'd recommend giving it a try, but I'd also recommend going on a weekday when they open at 7am and it's not busy or crowded.
4	It's been a couple of years since I've been here so i got excited when i was asked to lunch. I ordered asparagus bisque and sesame crusted tofu salad with ginger carrot vinegrette. The bisque needed salt, good thing Coca Cafe is not one of those pretentious places that do not have s&p shakers readily available. Everyones palette is different, it just makes no sense to me...a little salt really livened up the creamy asparagus, my only complaint is that the spoon was too big! Oh my goodness! I had to unhinge my jaws to fit that spoon inside my mouth! It was bigger than the slice of bread they gave me.Im sorry, back to the food. I absolutely love anything with ginger in it, so i thought my salad was very tasty. My friend ordered an omlett that came with fried potatoes and a fresh fruit cup. While she throughly  enjoyed the omlett, she commented that potatoes were pretty bland (thank goodness for those teeny-tiny salt and pepper shakers) they even required hot sauce and ketchup, but hey! Those potatoes were really the only disappointing item, everything else was delicious
3	Another 3-4 star restaurant. It's pretty good, and I enjoyed my brunch there, but given the hype (and the crazy wait) I expected fantastic, original breakfast fare, and Coca did not deliver. The restaurant is very nice - enough space between tables which are well arranged - but the service is not fantastic.Foodwise, their black coffee is very good (no bitterness, full bodied taste), but they don't seem to know how to do a good cappuccino. In fact, my black coffee was the best thing I had there. A lot of omelets. I had the salmon omelette with herbs and goat cheese. It was good, but not remarkable. The same can be said of the egg benedict.If I did not have to wait 45 minutes to be seated, I am sure I'd go there again. Will I wait again that long? I doubt it.
5	As a biz traveler I have honed my skill finding funky cool differnet places to eat. Working at a company down the street from Coca Cafe I stopped at the convienence store for coffee and decided to try the restaurant adjacent to the parking lot. What a lucky break because this place is amazing. I do not normally do this but it was so good I ate there twice in the same week. I had a crazy polenta cake with shrimp, avacado, pic and fried eggs, It was dynamic.. The next visit I had a corn muffin waffle with blueberry compote and a mango cream sauce. The dining room is really cool with flea retro tables from the 50's and 60's cool tunes playing at just right levels. Great wait staff who are attentive knowledgable and first rate. The chef owners have focused a balance of food atmosphere and service to create a true winner. If you dont try this place you wont know what a hip and tasty eatery is.Great Job Coca Cafe I will go out of my way to eat there again, anytime Im in the pittsburgh area.
4	I had the brown sugar griddle cakes with strawberry butter. They were so good the strawberry butter was amazing. Not the biggest fan of the smoothies but over all the place was very good.
5	Wow! The food!!!! I went here with my gf (who absolutely loves this place) for the first time with past weekend during a pretty busy time but I would have waited twice as long and paid twice as much for the brown sugar gridle cakes. There's no words that exist in the english language that describe how amazing these were so I won't do the injustice of trying! My gf had the curry chicken salad. I've never had curry anything before but she made me try it and it was amazing. All I can think about now is which one am I going to get next week.  I'd like to get both but I dare not waste either If I couldn't get them both down!
5	Coca Cafe is such a fun place for brunch. I have also been lucky to eat at their establishment twice in the evening for catered events. The staff is always so friendly and the food is absolutely delicious! I had their turkey meatloaf with mushroom gravy and couldn't believe how amazing it was! I also had their macaroni and cheese, which was equally amazing. The combinations of cheese were so flavorful.. I believe I even tasted some guyre cheese. I love Coca!
3	Good food, adorable place, nice servers, and they didn't mind that we had to kids at the table, neither of whom were particularly cleanly eaters, yet.  Great neighborhood spot.  My girl LOVED the eggplant benedict.  Original idea!
4	New favorite brunch spot in Pitts! Notorious for a wait but great coffee nearby at Espresso a Mano and shops to explore while you wait. Ordered the Eggplant Benedict. Never seen this on a menu before and did not fail to impress. Crispy fried eggplant, poached egg with a pesto hollandaise sauce and roasted tomatoes. Extremely delicious and was worth the wait!
2	Currently sitting at a table at Coca Cafe after an 1 hr and a half wait. A wait in which we were initially told it would be 25 minutes. After 45 mins we went in to ask the waitstaff and were told that 5 more tables were ahead of us! After another 45 mins we ask what's going on and they said they called us and apparently someone told them we were on our way and never showed up. Anyways, they were able to seat us 10 mins later. Luckily we knew what we wanted ahead of time and put in our omelette orders and coffee. 10 mins go by and the coffee wasn't there. We ask the waitress for the coffee and she said "didn't I bring you your coffee" No you didn't or else the coffee cups would be on the table! Waiting for our food now. I'll finish my review after...We got our food and it turns out the Salmon Omelette and Avocado Omelette with toast was very good.  Unfortunately the poor service ruined what would have been a restaurant I would suggest friends go to.I really only gave it 2 stars or maybe even 2.5 stars because of the very good food... the restaurant itself gets less than 2 stars.Note to Coca Cafe: Please learn to run an efficient restaurant operation.  Thank you.
5	I love this place on a Sunday! It didn't disappoint any of the times I've gone there. I always call a little ahead to try to make sure that we wouldn't be left waiting out in the cold.Last Sunday, I took a new friend from church out for post sermon brunch. We didn't have to wait at all for a cute table in the back. We are both on the vegetarian spectrum (although eat fish), and I was a little worried that their "no substitutions" menu might pose a problem. I didn't know that their menus changed so drastically! There are now VEGAN and VEGETARIAN options. My friend ordered the Challah french toast with brie, and I enjoyed a very filling avocado omelette (sans bacon). Both were fabulous!Honestly, I don't think you can go wrong with brunch here, just be sure to get your name on the waitlist before you come so that you are not waiting forever for a table. (Sorry Ryan K).
2	The service is always always bad.  The staff is friendly, but you never get refills of anything and the food (which looks and sounds amazing on the menu) arrives luke warm.  This is the 3rd (and final) time i have tried the place.  We were there for over 45 min after ordering before getting food, with no refills on coffee or water.
5	Coca Cafe is officially on my "Top-5" list for eggs benedict variations. The fried eggplant benedict with basil pesto hollandaise and roasted tomatoes was gorgeously executed. The eggs were poached perfectly and the eggplant was thinnly sliced and crispy. The ingredients married together very well. We waited 40 minutes to be seated on a Saturday afternoon (1ish), which was to be expected. They will, however, take your telephone number and call you when your table is ready. This was appreciated, as we went down the street for coffee while we waited. Ambiance is cute. We sat in the back (away from the door) and by the window. Would love to go back and try some other menu items like: pumpkin pancakes with ginger mascarpone cream and caramelized pears, OR the avocado omelete with apple smoked bacon, jalapeno muenster and salsa, OR the curry chicken salad with pecans, golden raisins, and mango chutney. There are SO many intriguing options.
2	We decided to try CC for brunch on the recommendation of several of our friends.  We waited outside for about a half an hour and then were seated.  Because it was so busy, we had to wait another 20 minutes to order.  I had an omelet, which was okay I suppose.  The meal just wasn't memorable.  What does stick out in my mind, though, is how uncomfortable out seating arrangements were.  While the front of the restaurant seemed to have ample seating and room to the eat, the back room (where we were seated) is super cramped.  We were up against a window and I felt like the people dining behind us and to the side of us were actually at our table.  (Just to clarify, I'm a small woman and don't need much room to eat.)  After my one experience there, I'm not so sure what all of the hype is about.
4	We stopped by Coca Cafe for brunch at 11:30 on Saturday. I had no idea this place was so popular! We had to wiat 20-25 minutes for a small table for three which was really a table for two that they added a chair to in the middle of the aisle. Surprisingly, it was rather quiet for how many people were crammed into such a small space. I decided to get breakfast and looked for a carb heavy option which landed me on the pumpkin pancakes with ginger marscapone and pears. I also added a side of apple smoked bacon. The pancakes were a bit heavy for my taste. In my opinion, the best pancakes are light and fluffy. These pancakes could have been used as paper weights. Very thick and hearty. Not what I was expecting but still delicious. I only wish there was a little more marscapone and pears to even out the heaviness of the pancakes.  The bacon was phenomenal with small chunks of apples. I almost cried when I accidently knocked the bacon off the small table and onto the floor/vent. (If you're sitting in the back and you catch a waft of  bacon coming out of the vent, you're welcome!) When I asked for another order, I was fully ready to pay but to my surprise, they didn't change me. Overall, this seems like a great place for brunch. The menu was huge and had a wide variety of options.
5	This place was out of this world amazing ! The freshest brunch I've ever had! Ordered an omelet with turkey bacon and cheddar with some fresh home-fries and they weren't like any other place I've had before! Completely fresh and exquisite my guest was very please with their meal as well, they ordered eggplant Benedict ... All around great place with awesome staff
5	BEST breakfast I have EVER had!!!  Their lemon poppyseed pancakes were perfection- better than I could have imagined... as well as their smoked salmon omelet.  There are no words.
4	We ate brunch here with some friends a few weeks ago - I had forgotten to jot a quick review about the place, so here goes...We really liked their food on the day we visited. I've read through some of the other less glowing reviews and wonder if it's just that their consistency might be an issue. On this visit, we had some amazing plates - I thoroughly enjoyed their breakfast quesadilla, and my wife enjoyed one of their specialty omelets. The food was served promptly and at the right temperature, usually one of my biggest gripes with eating breakfast in many restaurants. Our waitress was very friendly, and didn't miss a beat with our table's fairly complex ordering. The ambience was great - not too noisy, but upbeat enough to be interesting.We'll be back to try the place a few times and 'finalize' our impression, but the first impression was a great one... and first impressions count a lot!
5	One of my favorite omlettes of all time. Solid cup of coffee, good ambiance, and we sat in what would otherwise have been the window dressing area had it been a retail store. Great breakfast place, be sure to stop in!
5	For me the best breakfast in Pgh, very creative yet not too wacky.  I echo others about the eggplant benedict and they are excellent with all of the french toasts.  On this second trip I had the salami omelette and again the flavors were wonderfully done.  Get there early to beat the crowd, the word is out!
4	Five stars for food, four stars for how longgg it takes for the food to arrive.  My friends loved the eggs benedict (fried eggplant and basil hollandaise?  What a fun twist!)  My smoked salmon omelet with goat cheese was also good, although it could have used a bit more goat cheese. I'd gladly go five stars except for the 35-40 minute wait between ordering our food and receiving it.  That's just a bit too long for me.
5	I'm not sure if it was the hangover, or the fact that I hadn't eaten yet and it was 3 pm, but this meal was incredible. I had the banh mi and it was just so juicy and tasty and amazing. I devoured that, and had the goat cheese french toast, as well as some  raspberry (strawberry? I forget) pancakes, and took a bite of a sandwich while my friend wasn't looking (just kidding, I asked...or did I?!?).All amazingly good. And super filling. Despite ready to eat a boar, I was so stuffed by the end of the meal that I didn't eat until very late in the evening. Really big fan. I wish this place existed where I live.
5	I only give 5 stars when a place is mind-blowing. I can say it in 5 words. Goat cheese stuffed French toast. Mind-blowingly good. Know the deal, call them before you leave the house and get your name on the list. They'll take your cell # and call when your table is ready. Get there a bit before your ETA and cruise Butler St shops. Do not just show up for Sunday brunch and ask how long the wait is. You'll be bummed by the answer. Also had their house-smoked salmon omelette. Also special.
4	Good ol' Coca Cafe. It's just a great cafe, with yummy/healthy food options. It's decorated with local artists' work and has both breakfast/brunch/lunch options.
2	Note to the reader:  I'm writing this review with respect to the dinner ("small plates") menu, which is available Thursday/Friday/Saturday evenings.  Results may vary for brunch, lunch, etc.I was initially very excited to see the range of offerings on the dinner menu:  Small plates meant to be shared with items ranging from pork belly to duck ragout to good ol' shrimp and grits.  My party chose around 5 of these to try. The idea was great but the execution was, sadly, lacking.  The risotto was crunchy and undercooked (ditto for the pappardelle noodles).  Pork belly was flabby, not crispy.  The poutine was the best option but low on cheese curds.  The ideas are great and have potential but for the moment perhaps it's better braving the brunch crowds here instead...
4	Only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because of the wait for our table, and the wait for our food once we ordered.  It was about a 2 and a half hour ordeal.  Thank god there are shops and a coffee place right down the street to entertain yourself while you're waiting.  Once we were seated, we went with the Yelp recommendations of the goat cheese herb stuffed french toast and the fried eggplant eggs benedict.  We decided to go with these two because of the reviews on here, and to save ourselves from the great debate that would have happened otherwise.  EVERYTHING sounded amazing.  I'll definitely be dragging other friends to brunch to try more items on the menu.Anyway, the french toast lived up to the hype.  However, I think three huge slices of this is a little much.  I'm glad I was sharing.  Tastes incredible, but the cheese and herbs are a little overwhelming after a while.  The benedict was so tasty.  I could have had two plates of it.  Each element was so flavorful and the hollandaise sauce was the "cherry on top."  As I said, I'll be returning very soon.
4	I have never been there for dinner only lunch and brunch.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The food was good and the price reasonable.  I will definitely go back.
5	They have the best blueberry lemon pancakes ever!!! Their biscotti is also tasty. Their might be a wait on weekends but well worth the wait. To avoid the wait you can call ahead for reservations though.
5	I still stand by their blueberry lemon pancakes. So fluffy with delicate hints of lemon and full of blueberries. I decided to try their savory dishes and ordered the Eggplant Benedict. It was decent. Crispy eggplant on an English muffin with sun-dried tomatoes. The poached egg was nice and runny. It came with a side of roast potatoes and a fruit cup. I did enjoy the pancakes I had before much more.I didn't call ahead for a reservation this time and we had to wait about 30 min. to be seated. We were able to put our name down and they called us when a table was open. We just stopped by Espresso a Mano to get some drinks during our wait. Espresso a Mano also has great biscotti like Coca Cafe.
2	If I'm in line before the restaurant opens and it takes 40-75 minutes for my table to be ready, my standards rise to "this better be the best meal ever in the history of mankind."  After waiting in said line a half dozen times, I'll given Coca Cafe a solid meh.  I don't get the hype.THE WAIT:  Seriously, plan for a 40-75 minute wait even if you show up 15 minutes before it opens.  On the plus, they will text you when your table is ready so you don't have to wait outside the door.  This would be somewhat okay if it didn't take another 45-70 minutes to get food after being seated.  I'm all for ready-made food, but don't seat someone and then make them wait an hour for a mediocre omelet.  THE DRINKS: Eh.  I was unimpressed by the chai latte--not spicy enough.  The raspberry soda was pretty good.  The cappuccino tasted burnt.  And, the kicker, the one time I just ordered hot tea, the water was lukewarm and I had to ask for hotter water--and I hate being that person who complains about water temperature.  I'd stick with the Italian sodas.THE SERVICE: Pretty good, other than the insanely long wait.  Once, we came back after 90 minutes and were like, "Seriously?!"  And the girl at the door had lost our number and given up our spot 15 minutes before that.  We were seated next, but an apology would have been nice.  Otherwise, the servers were good.THE FOOD:  Let's start with lunch, which is the meal on the shorter end of the wait.  The California Cobb salad was fine--it was everything you could hope for in a salad.  The spinach and artichoke tart needed something--spice, sour cream, I don't know...but it was pretty bland.On to breakfast.  The omelets let me down.  Never before in my life had I said, "I should add more salt to this."  Never.  When I'm baking, I usually put in much less salt than called for or none at all.  But, man, do their omelets need kick.  Both the avocado and the four cheese required salt and pepper.  Either would have also benefited from cilantro, but that's just my opinion.Now, the herbed goat cheese French toast is the only menu item I've ordered more than once.  It's excellent.  Is it worth $8 and having to wait a total of 2 hours and 25 minutes?  Nope.  Was the fruit fresh?  No, the blueberries were wrinkled.  I solved that by re-creating the recipe at home.  I do thank Coca for the inspiration, and that's why it was worth two stars.  I won't ever need to wait in line again.ETC:  The restaurants seats around 40.  The one-stall bathroom is right in the middle of the front room.  This is weird for two reasons.  First, there's usually a short line of people pressed up against the table closest to it.  Do you like people doing standing over you doing the pee dance while you're eating?  Me neither.  Second, you can HEAR people peeing while you're eating at said table.  I actually have terrible hearing, so if I can hear it, others can too.  It's gross.Overall, I was pretty bummed that it wasn't better.  I kept hoping that at some point it would live up to my expectations, but it never came close.  So long, Coca.
2	The food is fantastic, no complaints there. Creative ingredients, large selection, not greasy at all. However, the service is glacial. I agree with Kerry H's review from June 20. We waited close to an hour for a table, then close to an hour for our food, as did everyone else in the restaurant. Our server kept the coffee filled but never let us know how our food was coming or apologized for the delay. This kind of wait is clearly the norm. Despite the tasty food, we won't return.
5	Great food, great service, great atmosphere. Coca Cafe is our go-to weekend brunch place.
4	4.0/5 - Pork Belly Tacos3.0/5 - Grilled Salmon Salad3.5/5 - House Smoked Salmon Sandwich2.5/5 - Rice and Beans - flavorful and not dry
5	First time here - what a neat place! I had a quiet breakfast on a weekday morning and loved the crispy polenta cakes with tomato jam and poached eggs. The tomato jam was amazing - seriously. The eggs were way less done than I prefer, but I didn't make any special requests when ordering so I'll let that one slide. I can understand why they have a line out the door for weekend brunch! I'll definitely be back!
2	My husband and I came this past Sunday (7/28/23) and called ahead.  We were told the wait would be an hour.  Cool, to be expected on a weekend.  Showed up 40 minutes later and checked in where we were told that it would be 10 more minutes.  45 minutes later and still no table.  Finally sat down and after being completely disappointed by their half- bite biscuits we ordered as an appetizer, we waited for our main course.  55 minutes later and still no food!  Finally our food came.  I asked for the manager to come to our table...surprised this wasn't done already.  Manager came by and stated rather abrasively, "It's better to come on a week day.  There's always one table that gets lost in the mix of orders and unfortunately that was you guys today."  Really?! We were shocked!!!!  A grouchy manager was a definite way to ruin our Sunday.  Ugh.  Also very surprised to hear a mgr. admit that they consistently have a problem with losing and keeping track of food tickets.  Won't be chancing this place again. If the manager were more congenial, and possibly apologetic then maybe we could overlook the horribly inaccurate wait for our table and food.  Upsetting because this used to be our go-to spot for brunch and bringing our out of town family/friends.
5	What a delightful place!I have eaten at Coca Cafe twice, and both times have greatly enjoyed my experience.Let's start with the place--a fun, hip locale right in the heart of Lawrenceville. There are colorful tables with bright splashes of color all around. There is a room with more tables in the back, as well as a few tables outside on their patio.There is a nice selection of food. Now I have only been there for breakfast, but I glanced at their lunch menu. Both breakfast and lunch have tasty selections who are also friendly to vegetarian/vegan needs. Both times I have had their challah french toast (anything with challah...oops almost said HOLLA! is delicious)  which is served with fresh berries. I felt like the prices were reasonable too.Come check out this place! Definitely will be crowded on weekends so I recommend coming early, or on a week day if possible.
5	How do you know you've married the right person? When they wake you up 15 minutes before Coca opens just so you get there on time.I won't belabor the point that so many others have brought up, except to say, if you're going on a weekend, get there when they open. Otherwise, I guarantee your 'having to wait' bias is going to bring you down. Once you're comfortably seated on 'the stage' [as they call it] because you've gotten there so early that you're able to pick that spot, order up some sage sausage and your entrees. One of you should get something savory -- like the Bacon and Avocado Omelet [ you did bring a friend, right?! ] -- and one something sweet like the Pumpkin Pancakes [if you happen to go in the fall ]. Sharing is caring so make sure everyone gets ample opportunity to sample the spectrum of goodness.Get your requisite coffee and [freshly-juiced!] juice and sit back and bask in the sunlight and the dining room's spacious feel.Now, go on a walk cause you're going to be stuffed and you need to work some of that off.
5	Coca cafe is incredible. While I sometimes feel it is a bit expensive, the quality of the food always seems to justify the price. Yes, there is always a wait on the weekends. Have a coffee at cafe a Mano while you wait. I've had the herb goat cheese stuffed French toast. So bomb. I thought the stuffing was the right amount and the savory flavors really went well with sweetness of French toast. The fresh juice is small and expensive, but it really is fresh and it really is tasty. The cucumber spritzer was too thick for me. Too much cucumber. It didn't taste much like a drink. Needs more spritz. The salmon sandwich with bacon was also incredible. It was a great portion. The side salad that accompanied it was also very fresh and crunchy. That's what I'd get if you're not coming in for breakfast. Otherwise I'd recommend sticking with breakfast because it seems to be their specialty!
4	Came here with a bunch of friends for brunch on a Saturday and they accommodated us surprisingly quickly. I had a great omelette and the coffee was better than I had expected.
5	I was in a party of 15 that stopped there for a work lunch last week. We had to wait a few minutes for seating, but it's understandable in our circumstance.  I had the Beef Taco's with lots of goodness. There was a fresh side salad included. The taco's were really good and of the traditional shell sort. Our server, Amanda was pretty awesome, too. You go girl. I can't think of  a reason to take a star away. Will stop again.
4	Probably my fave brunch spot in the city. Literally everything on their menu looks good...and tastes better than you'd hope. They don't take reservations, so get there super early. And by that I mean, get ready to wait for upwards of an hour on a weekend. But the food is well worth the wait! Every single thing our party of four ordered was devoured with great gusto.
5	We came in at 430pm for breakfast since we got into town so late the night before and they did not disappoint. This place is amazing. The staff is very friendly. The place is cozy, and the food is delicious.  When they say fresh squeezed orange juice, they mean it! Fresh outta the oranges on the spot. Coffee is delightful, and the Earl Grey ice tea is also fantastic.
4	I'm a brunch-aholic folks. I simply cannot get enough breakfast foods. For me Coca is great because even if it's not a weekend I can still get quality awesome breakfasts during the weekdays. The wait staff here are lovely and the food is always excellent, I find myself going back time and time again and always having my expectations met. My only complaint is that their coffee is nothing to write home about. It's middle of the road okay, but since they're so close to Espresso a Mano I just plan my trips in tandem. And then voila- the perfect breakfast can be achieved!
5	Coca has the best brunch in town.  I've never been disappointed by their specials.  Its more expensive than a lot of other brunch spots but you definitely get what you pay for, high quality ingredients well prepared.  Not sure why so many other reviewers are complaining about the wait time for tables. There isn't much a small restaurant can do to get people in and out faster.  If you don't want to wait that long for a table, don't,  just go somewhere else.  I'll happily take your place in line.
4	this place was really cute. the food was really good. went with a group of 8 on a saturday morning. called ahead for the wait time and was seated right around the time they said the wait would be. definitely recommend this place.
2	Ehh. Nothing to write home about. Good service. Food just average. Unless you are a veggie loving hipster, this place is not worth the 2+ hr wait. Save yourself the trouble and disappointment and cross Butler St to Franktuary.
5	Great atmosphere. Fresh squeezed drinks could be a bit larger but that's fine. I've only been for brunch but that was what really sold me on the place. Any of the scrambles will leave nothing to be desired. All in all a really nice place.
4	So yummy! The quality of food is perfect. I love the location. Has been my go to spot for  brunch for the past year! The only complaint is I've been forgotten by the servers before; they would take our drink order and then just didn't come back for awhile. Sometimes when they are on the busier side the food can take a little longer, but it's always worth the wait. Go go go!
5	shocking to see so many displeased ppl to come here. I have never had a bad experience, in fact I am in love with this place! omlets are out of this world and my gf loves the sandwiches too. staff has always greeted with a smile and refilled our coffees.
3	Came here today for breakfast. They open at 9 we came for a table for 2 around 930 and got right in. About 15 minutes later it started to get packed. We ordered a coffee and peppermint hot chocolate, both of which were wonderful. The coffee was so hot and yummy! I ordered the three mushroom omelette with spinach, caramelized onions, and gruyere with a side of bacon. It came with fresh fruit and your choice of breakfast potatoes or 7 seed bread. I went with the bread which was delicious and I told the owner who informed me it was from allegro hearth bakery in squirrel hill. Food was great portions, could've taken the rest of my omelette home but was not sure how to reheat it. I would definitely go back but know I'm not going to wait over  an hour for this table in this weather. Come early...there is nowhere to sit either when you are waiting.
5	Everyone who lives around here knows this place gets packed about 15 minutes after it opens on Sunday. It's crowded and in good weather, the line waiting snakes round the corner of the street.  In the winter, waiting patrons sometimes awkwardly stand in between tables hovering over those already seated.  If you do get here early enough to score a table in the back somewhere, it's great, even for families!So, I'm not here to write another review about that.  I just wanted to say they do GREAT carry-out catering too so think about ordering that way if you live nearby.  I needed to put together a weekend brunch at home in a hurry, left things to the last minute, and on Saturday afternoon, had an "Oh s#!t!" moment when I realized.  I called them and asked if they did catering, which they said they did.  They got someone knowledgeable on the line to take my order, helped me put together a few selections based on my favorites on the menu with alterations that would allow transport and heat well.  It was done and packed up at precisely the time I asked for it at their busiest time on Sunday, no less (11AM) and I was out the door and able to have my successful brunch at home!
4	This was an impulsive breakfast choice for us since the place we were originally going to was packed. The menu is absolutely awesome! So many specialty things to choose from and they all sounded so good. I had the sun dried tomato pesto omelette with sausage and pepperoni. Yes it was just as amazing as it sounds. The egg was fluffy and had a perfect amount of all the ingredients. I was wary of the pepperoni in my omelette at first but it really complimented the other flavors for a tasty combination. My boyfriend had the herbed goat cheese stuffed French toast. First of all I'd like to say that I am a fan of French toast stuffed with pretty much anything. It was awesome. It didn't even need syrup with the creaminess of the cheese and powdered sugar on top. Perfect!My only complaint was the cramped feel of the place. There was no way for me to get out of my chair once I say down. Also the water glasses were dirty. Luckily I got a cup if chai tea, which was delicious.
5	My new favorite breakfast joint! Been here twice and got an omelette with seasoned potatoes and the cornbread waffle with pomegranate sauce. Always delicious, everything tastes so fresh and clean. Their juices are delicious as well. If you love brunch, this place is a must!!!
4	Pamela's was just going to be too much for us so we took our friend's word on Coca Cafe. The menu was diverse, seasonal ingredients and fresh. For a Saturday morning, it was really busy, naturally. We had called ahead and our party still had to wait at least 30 minutes outside. Brisk, but sunny - we gathered around until our large party was able to be seated. The interior of this restaurant is cottage like, quaint and tight fitted tables and chairs. Best suited for a party of two, rather than a party of six. If it weren't for the blackboard special that caught my eye, I would have ordered the Eggplant Benedict. The special was a plate of fresh corned beef hash (shredded and with gold potatoes), two perfectly sunny side up eggs, and piled on top... lightly fried pieces of kale. This dish was savory heaven. Others in our party, ordered the goat cheese stuffed french toast (whoa!), pesto omelette, shrimp and grits... All looked wonderful. We traded bites of things, and nothing disappointed me.
5	Coco Cafe now serves dinner a few nights a week starting on Thursday.  Last night I had one of the best meals I had in a long time--- portions and price points are just right.  Food had plenty of nice flavors and textures---presentation deliciously appealing.  I had the scallops and with farro risotto--- it was OMG  awesome.  I also got a bite of the red snapper as well as the chicken served with cornmeal waffles.The menu had many choices and it was hard to pick. I will be back! Finally a nice place for very delicious inspired food without killing your pocketbook.
3	I stopped by here a few Sunday's ago with my fiance for an early Sunday brunch.  We were hoping to beat most of brunch crowd there and arrived around 10:30 without using the call ahead seating.  This proved to be a mistake as there was already a wait whenever we got there.  The wait only ended up being 10 minutes or so but the lack of places to wait made it interesting as we had to move off to the side anytime someone wanted to get into or out of the restaurant.  I can't really remember much of the decor of this place although the restaurant was broken up into two distinct dining areas.  The front room was decently spacious with larger tables and the huge front windows providing a ton of light.  The back room was more for the smaller tables as they had a lot of two top booths with the light coming in from side windows.For my brunch entree I decided to go with the fried eggplant benedict  while my fiance decided to start off with the crab bisque followed by an entree of the sun dried tomato pesto omelet.  My fiances soup was the first item to come out of the kitchen and onto our table and boy was it a large bowl of bisque.  It was also loaded with lump crab meat which surprised me as normally places take the easy way out and just have a few pieces of meat with most of the flavoring belonging to the bisque.  The soup itself was really good being thick and creamy with a nice little taste of sherry in it.  After we had finished the bowl of soup our entrees came out.  My entree consisted of the fried eggplant with a basil pesto hollandaise, poached eggs and some breakfast potatoes.  The eggplant ended tasting decently as did the hollandaise and the potatoes. However I wasn't as enamored with the dish as I expected to be.  I figured that there were two reasons why with one of them having the restaurant being over-hyped to me.  The other is that maybe I once again made a poor entree selection for myself.  The latter is probably most like the truth as I thought my fiances omelet was fantastic, especially the Provence Salami and Buffalo Mozzarella.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  It wouldn't be my first choice of brunch places but I would be interested to see if I chose poorly since all of my fiances food seemed to taste pretty good.
5	Coca Cafe is my favorite brunch at Pittsburgh!The special menu for Sunday brunch is worthy to try.I will suggest my friends try savory meals, because it's really awesome!
3	I wish I could give this place 5 stars, and I have indeed had a few 5 star experiences here, but in general the service leaves a lot to be desired in terms of warmth, expertise and promptness.  I will definitely be back as we are local and I like their salads and soups, and there aren't too many comparable menus within walking distance to us, but I wish they would train their staff better!
5	Excellent brunch place. The people are soo good. But due to the long wait, we never went there again, but that does not mean we don't want to :)
3	The two biggest problems with hype? Being able to get a seat, and the increased expectations that can quickly lead to feeling letdown.Coca Cafe, for me, suffers from both of these, unfortunately. For years, I've been wanting to go, but I simply haven't found a restaurant in Pittsburgh that's so far ahead of itself and competitors that I'm willing to wait more than 10-15 minutes to eat. For once, we happened to be walking by just before opening and figured, why not!?!The atmosphere is pretty good. We sat in the back sunroom-like space. It was nice and bright. We also liked that every table was a two-top in that area, which meant that we weren't surrounded by the boisterous kids in the front of the restaurant. There's definitely nothing wrong with taking the kids to breakfast, but it's nice that the restaurant setup sort of creates a separation for people who want a more relaxed atmosphere.The service was decent. Attentive at first, then there were seemingly-long periods of time before we could place our order and get/pay our check. My water was continually topped off in between, though, which is always a bonus!Unfortunately, all of the positives were for nothing when I tried the food. Don't get me wrong, the food was good, BUT it wasn't even close to deserving the hype. There are breakfast spots all over the country with reasons to wait. For challenge-like, but delicious 12-egg omelets at Beth's in Seattle, incredibly decadent pancakes at The Bongo Room in Chicago, Cap'N Crunch french toast or Sweet Baby Jesus at Blue Moon in Baltimore. Those places have specific things that are worth the wait. Nothing on the menu touched on any of those levels. Nothing over-the-top. Nothing truly unique. My challah french toast with brie, fig jam, and fruit sounded brilliant, but literally had 2 strawberries and 5 blueberries on it. I opted not to cover it in maple syrup, hoping that it could blow me away on its own. Instead, I was hit with a lot of bland bread, with a few bites of delicious brie. It was decent, but I would've been truly bummed had I waited 45 minutes for such a dish. My wife's omelet was pretty good, but even if I had ordered her meal, I wouldn't have been blown away. Her potatoes were very basic, which I actually like, but again...who waits for "basic" these days? The highlight of my meal was the apple smoked bacon. It was perfectly cooked (I prefer the chewier bacon), and a great balance of sweet and salty. Would I go again? Sure, but there's nothing notable that has me itching to return. There was nothing truly wrong with my meal or experience, but the hype had my expectations sooooooo much higher...which is what led to such disappointment around a perfectly decent meal.
5	Delicious! Got the challah French toast with Brie and berries.  Came here early for breakfast on a weekday, was pretty empty when we arrived but by the time we left was filling up. Great food and BYOB... Will definitely be returning for weekend brunch.  Apparently they serve dinner here too on thurs-Saturday.Service was quick.
5	This place is quaint and delicious! I will certainly be returning. The spinach sun dried tomato omelet was delicious and the brie French toast was fresh and so good. This place is just great.
1	We didn't even stick around to eat and here's why. I'm sorry that you designed your dining room poorly, but that's no excuse to insist that people wait outside in the cold or in their cars while waiting for a table. Seriously. They will take your phone number and then insist that you leave and they will give you a call when your table is ready. Very rude so we went elsewhere.
5	Unique. Everything about this trendy little eaterie is cool and uniquely... "millennial" is the word.  Functional AND eclectic AND vintage AND modern, while still being high-quality gourmet AND cheap.  Vintage diner stalls under eco-friendly track lights against a brick wall painted bright yellow.  A perfect French breakfast happily offered with ketchup.  I LOVE this place.
1	Oh--it seems my thoughts are valid after reading reviews on here.It seemed as if this place just opened judging by how poorly they handle crowds.As others said, when they take your name and phone number, they act as if you SHOULD leave and come back when they call you. This is discouraging and makes for an even longer wait time. I was told the wait was over an hour, yet for the 20 minutes I stayed inside, there were at least 2 tables that went unused. I guess parties were called and still making their way there?I waited about 10 minutes before being asked what I needed--and the serve only came to me because another group came in. After waiting about 10 more minutes, I asked to be put on the list. Here's the thing: the server said the paper for the list was full so wrote my name on an order sheet. THEN, another server started another list sheet and didn't add my name to the top like it should be. It wasn't until I pointed that out that she added it--all the while acting like I owed her a favor.I ended up not eating here as the wait was too long and it was clear they didn't want my business. Was looking forward to trying to food but I guess that will never happen. I'm all for small businesses but this is one business that needs to reorganize.
5	Now that I'm leaving Pittsburgh after 5 years, I figure the least I can do is write a good review for my go-to brunch spot.  I've been to coca cafe many times with friends and have always had a great time.  First of all, the coffee is excellent.  I am the type of person who grinds my own coffee and uses a french press at home bc I can't stand bad coffee.  They make GOOD coffee and come around often to refill.  The food is always good.  I can't remember specifics, but every dish I tried there over the years was outstanding, and all of my friends always thought their dishes were amazing too.  You should expect to wait outside for up to half an hour (or more?) if you come on a weekend morning, especially Sunday.  I'd recommend just getting there when they open, so you don't have to wait.  The atmosphere is somewhat hipsterish, but more importantly, very down to earth, casual, non-pretentious, and fun.  Not unusual to see hipsters at one table and a family of four at the next.  No one cares, everyone gets along.  Service was never that slow even on the busiest weekends and always friendly.  I'm going back home to LA where you can find any food on the planet and I will still very much miss this place.  That says a lot!
4	After reading a lot of reviews about the size of the place and how long the wait could be, I called in advance to put our name on the list. Our table was ready and we were just on our way in so it worked out perfectly. The espresso drink options were delicious and everything that was ordered at our table didn't let us down. It was all fantastic and I recommend this place to anyone looking for a delicious breakfast with a great atmosphere. Just be prepared and call ahead!
4	We went on a late Saturday morning. We waited over an hour for a table, but you know if there is a line at a cafe, there is a reason. We sat in the back at a funky 1960's repurposed booth, cleverly cut in half. Love the interior.We started our morning with fresh squeezed juice, Carrot orange ginger, so tasty. The cafe was very busy, our food took a while to be prepared. My omelette arrived. It was a wild mushroom, gruyere, and spinach omelette topped with ramp pesto. It was a huge portion, cooked perfectly and served with seven seed toast. I took a bite of the omelette, the ramp pesto stung my tongue with oxidized garlic, it was very strong and very fresh. The toast had a weird flavor, perhaps a seed I am not familiar with or it tasted like mold? I am not so sure. My handsome hunk of a husband had an omelette as well. He ordered the avocado, apple bacon, jalepeno muenster omelette topped with fresh salsa. His omelette was served with deep fried home fries. His omelette was also massive and mouth watering.The server was having an off day, she never refilled our waters, or checked our table before breakfast was served. I had spilled a bit of my juice and did not have a napkin to wipe it up. A young man arrived with our food and was kind enough to bring us silverware and napkins. When we finished our breakfast, it was past noon, she could have tempted us with dessert, but did not offer. I would assume they have fabulous dessert. We will return to Coca Cafe. I will try the seven seed toast again to confirm my suspicion.
4	I came here for brunch on a Sun. in Dec. of last year based on Yelp reviews when I was unable to get a reservation for the famed Meat and Potatoes brunch.  My dining partner and I walked in and were able to get seated right away at the counter.  This arrangement proved to be a bit uncomfortable, since the waitstaff often had to slide by to serve the adjacent tables, but it was preferable to waiting half an hour for a table, since I had to catch the Megabus at a certain time to head home for the holidays.Based on yelpers' recommendations, I decided to try the herbed goat cheese French toast, and it didn't disappoint.  It was definitely one of the most unique brunch items I've ever had!  I really enjoyed the contrast of the savory herbed goat cheese filling and the sweetness of the toast and syrup.  I don't recall what my dining partner ordered, but he enjoyed his dish, as well.  We ordered a side of bacon to share, and it was nice and crispy and slightly greasy--just the way I like it--and complemented the entrees well.  If you're looking for a place with an innovative brunch menu in PGH, this place is a good alternative to M & P.Service was generally decent, esp. given how busy the place was, although our server did warn us that, given the seating arrangement, if other servers couldn't get by, they'd have to move us.  (This didn't turn out to be an issue, however.)  I appreciate their willingness to accommodate us, esp. given my tight schedule.  Note: Though they don't accept reservations, you can call ahead to be placed on the wait list before you arrive.  This is definitely an interesting spot to people watch--I spotted some pretty interestingly dressed hipsters waiting for a seat on my way out.  4.5 stars.
5	Great brunch, awesome service.
5	One of the top spots in Pittsburgh for breakfast/ brunch.
5	After trying to come many times for Sunday brunch and being disappointed at the hour + waits, we decided to come on a Thursday morning when we could both get off of work.And after eating I can see why they're always so slammed on the weekends. The restaurant is cute, the staff is friendly, and the food is banging.I got the challah French toast at the suggestion of our waiter which has berries, fig jam, and brie and it was so effing good. Next time I'm getting the four cheese omelette.Also I got a side of sausage and it tasted like sweet meatballs. I want more.They have commonplace coffee and its so good. This place definitely lives up to the hype and you get a lot of food for your buck.
5	I'm an out-of-town'er and found this place via yelp. I came here for breakfast at 10am on a Saturday. Neighborhood parking. Cute, casual atmosphere. Smallish place that doesn't get too loud. There were no kids, maybe suggesting people with kids don't usually come here though I saw high chairs. Attentive servers. Great food that takes a chance and wins with savory/sweet pairings. If it is your first time here: walk inside to the register where a hostess should be to get your name and phone #. There will be a wait for breakfast on the weekend. I was only one person so I sat at the bar. I watched groups of 2 wait for 20-25 minutes. This is acceptable if you know what you're getting into. I think people go hang outside and wait for the call. Now for the food: latte (good, not fancy), blueberry corn griddle cakes with vanilla butter (fantastic, no syrup needed but the syrup is Vermont maple!), house made sage sausage (um, yeah), and poached egg (suggest mixing it with the sausage).
3	I like the food and atmosphere of this place. I bring my kids here when they visit from NY and LA. But the service is terrible! One Tuesday morning this summer when the place was not crowded, we had to wait over 15 minutes before the waiter bothered to clean off an empty table and seat us.  What was he doing in the meantime?  Cleaning off the main counter  (where no one was waiting).  Later, when I asked another waiter for a refill on my coffee so I could continue eating my breakfast, he said sure but never came back. And what was he doing in the meantime?  Putting away the flatware.  When I finally managed to get the attention of someone else, he came to the table with a poorly disguised attitude. I don't understand how a place can train or allow their staff to purposely avoid the customers.
5	Being from the Cincinnati area, my son and I were looking for places to eat while in Pittsburgh. All the reviews we read convinced us that we had to try Coca Cafe - we were not disappointed!When we showed up, a little before 9am, there was already a crowd of about 12-15 people waiting on the sidewalk out front. We made some small talk with these abundantly friendly people and on the stroke of 9, the doors were opened.The front room filled up fast so we made our way to a small back room with 8 or so tables for 2. The atmosphere was bright and clean with a retro feel. The ceiling fans were on which made it a little chilly, but I can imagine that room heats up pretty fast. (Next time, I'll sit outside in what is a small patio outside the room we were in)Our waitress asked if we wanted anything to drink. I asked for a dark roast coffee so she suggested an Americano - PERFECT! My son had the fresh squeezed OJ. For breakfast he ordered the Avocado omelette with applewood smoked bacon and I ordered shrimp and grits.Shrimp and grits north of the Mason-Dixon is always a coin toss on how it's going to go. Well these guys knock it out of the park! They use Manchego cheese in the grits which I had not tasted before. Really nice flavor without overpowering the grits. There were two perfectly poached eggs sitting atop what looked like 3 cups of grits and six plump, perfectly prepared shrimp. My son's omelette looked to be at least 4 eggs - it took up the entire width of the plate. Since he has Celiac disease, he ordered the gluten free toast which they toasted in the oven to avoid cross contamination (thank you!) Neither of us could finish everything (I did eat every shrimp however) the portions were very generous. Great experience all around!
5	Awesome brunch place! Typical breakfast/brunch options. Yum food, well decorated, decent coffee too. What more could you ask for?
4	This is a great little restaurant/cafe in the heart of Lawrencville. I brought my mom and stepdad here from VA Beach and they really enjoyed themselves. The food is great and their ingredient combinations are uncommon and surprisingly tasty. The wait staff is friendly and the ambiance has an artsy vibe to it. My only complaint is that they don't offer more healthy food items/options on their menu. The food is definitely fresh however the calorie content is high!
4	I'm torn on what to write here. First off, I'd like to say that I generally prefer to rate restaurants based on the quality of the food only and not service, atmosphere etc. The food here is indeed very good. I've been here for breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner (tapas). I'd say the breakfast and brunch weren't as exceptional. You get a good omelet sure, but in the end of the day it's just an omelet. The lunch is great, I'm not a big fan of sandwiches but I generally enjoy their sandwiches way more than other places. That said there aren't many options other than sandwiches, which is something I'd really like to see. Finally the tapas they have for dinner are hands down great.Honestly, I would give this establishment a 5 star review if it were not for the pretty lousy service and sometimes outright attitude you get here.
4	The shrimp and grits are quite possibly the best I've had north of the south (and I know southern- born and raised in tennessee/georgia/south carolina/mississippi). Definitely give them a shot. I have yet to have a bad meal from here and the people working here are the bomb.
4	Avocado and bacon omelette was great, perfect portion size. Good espresso drinks, and loved the options for almond milk and gluten free bread. The long wait at 3pm on a Saturday was kinda surprising, and the lack of waiting space indoor kinda sucked but only because it was freezing outside.
5	Highly underrated for dinner. They put a lot of thought into the dishes- which change frequently. The food is excellent and diverse but it is more tapas style than anything. I'll stress that some of the dishes miss the mark but your server will be happy to help guide you.  Have only been here once for breakfast but it was phenomenal. Expect long wait times on the weekend for breakfast. A little pricey- but it's BYOB so that adds to the value of the equation. Excellent service however the wait times aren't always amazing because of how small the kitchen is. Will definitely be coming back- perfect for a nice, long unAmerican style dinner.
5	Went for breakfast this morning and had the pumpkin pancakes. They were fantastic! Also had applewood smoked bacon which were cooked perfectly. Will definitely be back for breakfast!
3	Meh... I had higher hopes for this venue, as I've heard good things about it. I love that the menu is diverse, but the food was just okay.  I had the avocado omelette with a side of potatoes. These were good,  but not spectacular. My friend had the pumpkin pancakes, which weren't amazing according to her.  My other friend had their special for the day, which was grits with hard-boiled eggs enclosed in something... (not sure, see pic). I'd give Coca another chance,  but this visit didn't meet my expectations.
5	I love Coca Cafe.  Their grilled cheese with kimchi and avocado was (unexpectedly) the best combination, and perfectly delightful on a cold fall day. The staff is very friendly and never rushes me! Bonus: they have GREAT COFFEE and a reasonable tea selection!
2	I really don't like writing bad reviews, especially for small businesses.  However I gave Coca Cafe two chances and was disappointed on both occasions.  I expected to wait some time to be seated, as I was warned in advance.  Though I wasn't warned that after ordering I would have to wait 50 minutes for my omelette and my boyfriend's sandwich to arrive.  Two servers waited on us.  One was fantastic, while the other lacked every ounce of attentiveness and personality that the other radiated.  Overall our food was good but nothing amazing - especially with how many other options there are in the area.  Won't be going back.
2	I have been to this place a half dozen times, but always for the brunch, which was quite good. The odd thing happened yesterday when we wandered in at around 4:30 which seemed to be in the twilight time between lunch and dinner. The serving staff seemed quite taken aback that we dared venture in during  this period of down time (which I'm sure they deserve) between official dining hours. The issue here however, is the cold rudeness they displayed at my inquiry about the times of dining. I know I am an unpleasant and disturbing sight at the best of times, but they looked at me like I was asking for a comped meal for Bill Cosby. The only salvation was that the young lady mopping the floor flapped the strands of mop across my shoes, affording me a decent shine (admittedly, I did walk in her path). I am old and decrepit. Maybe I'm too old and ancient for hip venues like this. But, I am the most outrageously generous tipper on earth. In the universe. My mom worked hard in food service and catering for meager recompense. I make up for that. I won't darken their emo doorway again.
5	Absolutely delicious food and freshly made juice with interesting combos like ginger and  apple. Great for health conscious folks as well as those who want to indulge in something carby and dense! I'd recommend the salmon salad with lentils--best salad I've had in a really long time. Staff isn't the friendliest but the food makes up for it. Not great for kids-- small. BYOB
5	Very enjoyable cafe with excellent service.  I had the wild mushroom omelet.  Delicious.
3	Enjoyed our brunch here today. The service wasn't phenomenal but the food was great. I had the bbq duck with poached egg, soy ginger dressing and red cabbage. Really good salad. The one lets were also very good-especially the avocado omelet. This is a good alternative to when you've too much Pamela's.
4	Had lunch here today (January 1st). They were very busy and, unfortunately, rather slow--probably getting swamped with customers had something to do with it. That's the bad. The good is that the food is good, and has some distinctive twists. I had a special, which included fried oysters, poached eggs, english muffins, and potatoes. Good stuff. Not overly expensive either. The dessert, a pumpkin creme brule, was also good. I'd recommend it, but be aware that they don't have too many tables.
