2	I got the fried rice with beef, and it was so-so.  I've had better.  The restaurant was decent andthe staff was friendly and fast.  But the food was just ok, and I have to admit that while I was eating it I was a little worried if I would get sick or not.  But to be fair the other people I was eating with loved their food.  I heard the tempura vegetables were great.  Unfortunatley my experience was just mediocre. Thats the way it goes though, but  I will give them another shot , roll with the punches and try a different dish.  I'll keep you posted.
3	prices here are cheap and if you want a good filling meal come here, because the portions are pretty hardy. $5 chicken teriyaki with big portion of rice and salad with a dressing consisting of vinegar and sugar? its not bad at all, give this place a shot.
4	one extra star because they are consistent, well priced and chicken tempura and chicken teriyaki are tastey. this is my go to spot when i want something cheap and "asian"
3	Does the job for quick and fast, fresh teriyaki lunch box. Downtown Charlotte.
4	Headed over during lunch time for their lunch special. Easily the best price for the food you get. Looks like only one lady was working so it took a bit of time, which is nbd, but if you're in a hurry be prepared to wait it out. Beef and chicken teriyaki was really good. I'll be back
4	Located in the Latta Arcade, Fujiyama Japanese Restaurant offers a limited menu.  But do you really need more choices? The Mrs. prefers the teriyaki veggie rice with extra rice.  Yum!Whether you phone ahead or order in person, this Japanese take-out place offers quickly-prepared, abundant food for a decent price.  They have been in this location for at least a couple of decades and are still popular.The Mrs. recommends Fujiyama..
5	Excellent food and good portions for the price.
3	I actually stop by here a couple times a month for a quick (usually), flavorful, and plentiful lunch at an affordable price ($6-7).  Towards the end of the Latta Arcade, it can get full at the lunch hour, thus having to wait 15 min or so since there is only one cook, a super nice lady! However, once in a while I opt for the bibimbap.  It's tasty and mixes things up from the usual chicken/beef teriyaki combo.  The combo meals also come with a sweet vinegar over lettuce, making the teriyaki and rice a little more healthy.  They also serve a delicious brown rice substitute at no extra cost. Umm, yes, thank you.No seating inside, so take out only.
3	Solid lunch spot, with tasty food, made fresh to order. I got the Combo Beef and Chicken, and it comes with plain white rice and a kind of weird salad concoction, like half Iceberg lettuce and half cole slaw, with a semi-sweet dressing. Not the biggest portions ever served but satisfying enough. Decent flavors but not really comparable to othe Uptown Asian places as this is more of a "Mom and Pops" place which I do like. The Asian lady behind the counter is a one woman show, as she takes the orders and cooks right in front of you. It's all take out but I guess you could eat at the small counter they do have.I read other reviews speaking of fried rice....well I wasn't given that option, and I definitely would have opted for that. The menu is extremely limited....makes sense since the Asian "wonder woman" does it all back there. But egg rolls would be nice.All in all a decent lunch option in Uptown.
4	Been fortunate enough to walk here from time to time and have sampled most of their dishes including their staple, teryaki chicken hibachi and the new menu addition, bibbymap.  The dishes come with white rice and a basic salad with some light vinagrette dressing.  The food is good, not great.The service is also good, and the nice lady that works there springs into action the moment she's called upon.  The other factor making this place a good option for lunch is it's location right in Latta Arcade.  Food is good, service is good, location, also good - but 4 stars good?  no.  Not at all.  The reason it does in fact get 4 stars is because of the value.  For less than $7 per lunch, you're walking out of there with a good experience, good food, and it happens fast.  I'd love to see some occassional seasonal or straight up menu changes from time to time, but pretty much every little food joint in Latta is limited to what they can actually offer.  It is what it is - if you want a decent value hibachi for less than $7, that's the spot.  Don't expect to struggle with menu decisions.
