5	It's not often that you find small, family run businesses that have been around forever. The Bruntsfield Family Butcher has been around forever (as far as I'm concerned, I was born in 1989) and is still run by the same family.The sign outside says 'home-made steak pie, considered by many to be the best in Scotland' and it's quite right. They have terrific meat (yeah, I said terrific) and the quality is top-notch. Whatever you want, meat-wise, this lovely family butcher is the place to go
5	Today is St Andrews Day and Jenny L posted on the talk thread asking if anyone is going to go for Scottish food tonight.  I read it and immediately developed a hankering for haggis (haha!) and decided to brave the frosty day for it.Admittedly, I've only just bought my food (haggis and black pudding) here so I don't yet know if it tastes as good as I expect it will, so this review is really just based on my experience and expectations.What a lovely butcher.  I've been working in this area for about four years and I have no idea why this is only the first time I've been here.  I was greeted by several different types of haggis and black pudding (including The Man's fav - Stornoway), as well as some gorgeous cuts of meat and all of the other goodies you would expect to find in a good butcher.On a whim, I asked if they carried pork shoulder.  I was informed by the lovely man serving me that they do indeed, on Thursdays and Fridays but I would be best to come in on Thursday to let them know how I liked it as some people like it bone in and some prefer bone out.  Wow.  I had no idea there was an option!  I will definitely be coming back here for any quality or somewhat bizarre cuts of meat I might have a hankering for, and look forward to the experience with relish!
5	They make the best haggis I've ever had.  No joke.  you know how haggis (even butcher-bought) can sometimes be a bit dry?  Not when it comes from WM Christie.  Theirs was wonderful and flavourful and ... well... "moist" doesn't really sound right, does it?  But isn't most basically the opposite of dry?  Er... let's just say it's not dry and leave it with that.
5	A great local butcher providing great products at a reasonable price. Love this place. Best ham hock in the city, great for soups!
4	I have been going to Christies every so often for years now.  The meat is not cheap but you can't beat the price and the taste of their sausages!  My favourite place to stock up on sausages before a barbecue in the Links actually.Very nice people too.  I hope they stay open for a long long time!
5	Today I popped in for my yearly haggis and had the following conversation after telling the lovely butcher what I was after:Me: Oh it's ok, I don't need a bagButcher (who had just been putting the haggis into a very small bag as it's not wrapped in anything else): I can't give you a NAKED haggis!  This is Bruntsfield! They're not even naked when we catch them, they've got fur then! Love for this butcher, fully cemented.
2	My experience was of be ridiculed and made fun of as I didn't know about red meat. (As in fact that was my first in butchers I'd ever entered).  I told the man  my nutritionist told me I needed to eat red meat, though I did not want to. His reply was " how?". While smiling and looking at the other chap. The man serving me was very tall heavy set older with white hair/ bald(?).  I was dressed rugged as I was on my way to my horses and do field work. In any case his manner was unnecessary.
5	There are many things that claim to be the best; Carlsberg - probably the best lager in the world (definitely not), Gillette - the best a man can get (I think the best a man can get is a lush full beard) to name but two.  So when Christies claim to have "the best steak pie in toon" you are automatically inclined to assume the worst, well don't, I have never had a steak pie that lives up to its status as much as the pies in this shop.  Now I have eaten many pies on this big blue marble, so I can say without hyperbole, that these are the best in toon... Possibly even the country.The shop is a lovely wee affair, retaining the charm of an age that seems to be remembered warmly but not emulated often enough.  The staff are friendly, funny, and very knowledgeable, beating out those supermarket people who don't know their porterhouse from their elbow... A cows elbow....wait, do cows have elbows... Anyway, in short I can't recommend this place enough.It's like timecop and robocop high fiving whilst shouting roadhouse at each other, that's the level of awesomeness we are dealing with here.Roadhouse!
