5	When you move to a new state/city and you are a chick, one of the doctors you need to find is a doctor that checks out your "lady-bits".I had asked one of my co-workers and they referred me to Dr. Pollock at Southern Hills Women's Health at Southern Hills Hospital.Dr. Pollock is great.  He makes you feel comfortable and gets you in and out the door extremely fast (which is a plus!)  I have been going here for 4 years and plan on staying with the same doc.He is an OB/GYN so if you decided to have lil babies, he can be your go-to doctor as well.Parking here is a breeze and being that is it right off the 215, makes it easy to get there as well.
5	I have been to Southern Hills Women's Health for the last five years that I have lived here. They have since moved their location off of Cimarron and Warm Springs under the name West End Ob/Gyn. There are two male doctors and one female doctor: Jason Pollack, Keita Sakon and Kellie Delozier. Dr. Delozier gets to check out my lovely lady lumps & bits every year and honestly she makes you feel very comfortable and remembers you every time you come in. She's always willing to answer any question you have, even if they are off the wall questions, which I tend to ask all the time.She has delivered quite a few of my friends' babies and has remained their ob/gyn since my referral. She even takes up their invites and shows up to their baby showers when she's not out delivering babies. Who does that? Dr. D does that!The front office personnel has changed and honestly they are friendlier than the ones at the old location. Overall the office and rooms are clean. I highly recommend this group of doctors to any female that needs a new mechanic to check their engine.
1	Three weeks out for an appt re: a yeast infection.  It's time to hire some more docs or cut back on the amount of patients you're taking in.
5	I've held off on writing this review until I had my baby for selfish reasons. I figure I shouldn't be selfish anymore so that other women (especially those who are pregnant) can benefit from this wonderful office.I was a patient of Dr. Pollock for over a year now and couldn't ask for a better doctor. He has a wonderful bedside manner. He provides great advice and takes the time to answer all my questions and explain things thoroughly. I can't say enough good things about him. I hope that he will be my doctor when we decide to have another baby. The staff is warm and friendly, the location is convenient and, best of all, the wait time is very reasonable. The wait is no longer than half an hour. One time I went in for an appointment and was informed that Dr. Pollock was delivering a baby and was going to be late. They asked if I wanted to reschedule or if I wanted to call back in an hour to check if he was back in the office. I decided to hang around the area and call back. I was seen  that same afternoon and was grateful that the office kept me informed instead of making me wait several hours in the waiting room.Having to see a doctor is never a fun experience but in a weird way I miss everyone over there. I was there every month and then every week once my delivery date got closer. I thank Dr. Pollock and the awesome staff of West End Ob Gyn for helping me bring a beautiful healthy baby boy into the world!
5	Best Ob-gyn in Las Vegas hands down is Dr. Pollock at West End OBGYN.  Couldn't be happier.  I have seen him for 3.5 years now on a referral from a friend and he is outstanding.  I have sent 8 patients to him including family because he listens, he cares, he's sarcastic (which can really help when dealing with all the ups and downs) in a good way, and as long as I'm always on time he sees me quickly.One day I cried in his office and he did not leave and I don't know this for sure until I think he thought he had cheered me up, which while I was super depressed I really really thought was the most thoughtful thing a human let alone a doctor could do for someone at that point.Very good doctor!  He has also referred me to all my other doctors who are just as good in their specific areas.
5	Wow!  Finally, an Ob-Gyn office I can settle in to.  First off, I'm not a fan of airing where I go for personal services, but I really have to give this office the attention it deserves.  It has been difficult to find good doctors in the Las Vegas area.  I'm not sure why there seems to be a struggle in finding good medical care, but luckily I have been fortunate to stumble upon this office.  Also, thank you to the Yelpers for your reviews.  I do rely on the Yelp reviews to get some sort of indication on what to expect.  Though not always accurate, these reviews have been very helpful in guiding me to the right places.My wait time in the front lobby was less than 15 minutes.  I had to fill out paperwork as a new patient, and I was quickly admitted.  First they weigh you (with the scale you love to hate) and then you wait in a room.  The physician assistant asks for details about your visit and then she explains that the doctor will come in to talk with you first.  I was confused because I'm used to assistants telling you to get undressed right away and wait for the doctor for another 30 minutes to an hour or so.  My appointment was with Dr. Kellie DeLozier and she quickly appeared in the room in less than 10 minutes.  That is the least amount of time I have ever waited for any doctor to come into the room.  I was already blown away at this point.Dr. DeLozier asked questions and was very helpful in answering all of my questions.  She made me feel comfortable and never rushed me one bit.  She made sure I felt comfortable and then proceeded to have me prepare for the exam.  The exam was quick and painless, barely even felt anything.  After getting dressed, she provided me with the information I requested and again asked if I had any more questions.  I then went to their laboratory to do blood work.  I forgot the technician's name, a Filipina woman, who was so sweet and funny.  The entire experience was by far, hands down, the best doctor's experience I have ever had.  Their service is top notch.  They definitely have a good system in place.  I wish they provided other medical services, because I would definitely go there as my one stop shop.  For all of you ladies that are new to Las Vegas or are just not happy with your doctor, I highly recommend this place.
3	First off, I love Dr. DeLozier! She was fantastic @ listening to my issues & took time to explain what each issue meant. I was recommended by a friend & cannot be more grateful to find a great GYNO. On the other hand, the office staff was...let's just say were horrible. Scheduling, front desk, & check out were okay. The medical assistant made me feel like I gave her too much work to do because I didn't bring my previous medical records along. I had to call my previous Dr. to get their fax # & to ask for my records & all she had to do was fax it. I work in the medical field, so I know it is frustrating sometimes dealing with other offices, but she made me feel like I made her move a mountain for me. When I walked out of the exam room, she did not even smile & just walked away. The friend that recommended me to West End also said the same about their medical staff. I'm surprise the doctors there allow such attitude when their staff are the ones who greet & assist the patients. I certainly did NOT feel the love. I know plenty of MA's that can do that job much much better than the girl who assist me.
4	This was the second obgyn office I've ever been to & I absolutely loved it! Compared to the first gyno I've been to (Belly Wrap Boutique & Spa), it's a more spacious building & better decorated. Dr. Delozier was great! She was very nice & helpful. I wish I could keep going here but sadly my secondary insurance switched & they don't take United Healthcare. But for anyone else interested, I really recommend this place!
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Pollock for years maybe now. I only see him once a year but he reminders details from conversations we had during my last appointment as though we just left off. He's very friendly and helps put you at ease. I highly recommend him to others. I moved across town but am happy to travel a little further to continue to have him as my doctor.
1	Rude Staff and bad billing issues. Will not go there and will not recommend this place to anyone. It's already annoying enough to have to go OBGYN every year that they should at least try to make it a pleasant experience.
3	Great doctor. My wife shopped around and finally found one she liked. And he's close to home. BUT -- I have to agree with some comments that the staff are rude and unprofessional. Especially if you're cash pay. The price may go up.
1	Wow.  Despite the great reviews of the doctors, it isn't worth it!  I hope the office manager realizes what a terrible staff this place has.  Please note that I don't give low ratings very often.  It was just that bad.
5	Finding a doctor is always nerve-wracking. I was a patient here for nearly 6 years before moving to New Mexico. Dr. Sakon was my doctor from day 1. He delivered both my children, stayed on top of my medical needs, preformed a LEEP procedure and helped me through a miscarriage. I liked that Dr. Sakon is vey matter- of- fact.  I rarely had to wait more than 20 minutes for an appointment. The office staff was always friendly.  I can't think of a single bad experience in all of my time at this office  (I was there A LOT). I've referred several friends to West End OBGYN and they have all had positive experiences as well (with Sakon and the other doctors).
