5	I've been to this place at least four times now. (once every month) I've had good experiences all four times that I've gone. I do however go during lunch time when they aren't as busy. We also go when we get their buy one entree get one free coupon in the mail. It's an awesome deal! They have a huge variety on both their drink and food menu. I will say that I think they have the best steaks compare to Applebee's and Chilli's. Their steaks are super tender and the server always ask you to cut your steak to make sure its cook the way you asked.
5	Been eating here for three years now, and the service is always good, as is the food. My daughter (5) loves the ribs, as do I.  Our favorite thing to eat here, though, are the Carolina Honey Bites off the appetizer menu.   I've had nothing like them, so they always hit the spot and start the meal off right.  Strongly recommend to fans of ribs.
4	Went for the first time last night, but have been hearing about this place for years.  Passing by I always thought this was an Italian place because of the name Tony Roma's but its more of a Steakhouse with a little bit of everything, and known for there Ribs.  Strangely enough I ended up getting a pasta dish....lol. I had the Chicken Pasta Linguine which was new to menu.  I have to say it was quite yummy.  My friends had the Ribs of course, and said they were outstanding.  The atmosphere of the restaurant was good, and the waitress was very attentive. I don't see myself coming back anytime soon, but definitely would go if someone else recommended it.
3	Ate lunch here. Was good!  Service was friendly
4	This was our first time back in a few years, and once again, they have a new menu.This time we (my wife and I) just stuck to the basics......Chicken Tenders w/ fries and I had the Chicken Sandwich w/ Cheese, Bacon and BBQ Sauce with fries.The service was fast and friendly, and the food this time was outstanding.I am not sure that I like the new menu and prices, but we will consider coming back in the future, for the chicken.The restaurant is very clean and the decor is very casual...... NCFoodGuy
3	If you stay at the Hilton garden inn, you get a free appetizer with your room card. I ordered the onion loaf, which is essentially onion rings molded into a circular wall and  looks like a nest. Pretty neat concept, except I've had better deep fried onions.Their medallion steak filets were really really great and perfectly cooked. It also came with a half rack of ribs, which were well cooked, but their original BBQ sauce was the worst I've had. I had to switch out for the honey BBQ sauce instead.Overall, it was a great meal, but you can also find good steaks elsewhere with better ribs. Also, the only other people there were old people.
2	Currently here at the restaurant. It's noisy, crowded, disorganized, and there are not enough waiters. In our case we got out appetizer and our entree with about a 2-3 minute seperation. They had not even cooled enough to eat them before we got the entree. We were not the only one either, the people next to us had the same thing happen with an even shorter delay. So lets move onto the entree... Two steaks both looked good on the outside. One ordered medium the other medium rare... Both are RARE beyond rare. Giant red center all the way to the edge. This place is to expensive for the level of service that they provide.So after this bad experience why did I give a two star review instead of a one.... Because the potato skins were delicious
5	Wow! The tenderloin medallions were out of this world! Full if flavor and choice of topping. The service was fantastic as well. I have no complaints here.
4	I Had a great steak, great waiter, and great drinks.  Nothing to complain about here.
2	So far really slow food service . Took over half an hour to get main entree after getting the drinks and appetizer.  Server was good, but my filet medallion was off . A second filet medallion was undercooked. By this time I was done with my ribs,which were very tasty, and my sides and I asked to see the manager. The manager gave an apology and only charged for the ribs. okay, but won't be going back soon . My Strawberry Limeade,an alcoholic beverage, was great!
2	I had been a fan of TR for years. Saturday was my first time back and I was dissapointed in the changes. The menu had changed greatly. They took away all the samplers of different ribs and the portions are much smaller. The price has gone up alot also. The ribs taste good but for the price it's just not worth me going back. I heard they were having a tough time thru the county but the changes made I don't believe will make them better.
1	I received a free entree coupon for my birthday from Tony Roma's, so I used to it to get some takeout since I am alone this week and my husband is gone on a business trip. Otherwise I would have brought him with me and we could have dined in! I'd never eaten here before, so I thought it would be great to give their food a test run.The girl who brought my food out, (hostess I assume by outfit) walked over with a straight face and asked me if my name was the one on the to go order. It was. She handed me the food and still with a straight, almost unfriendly face asked for the coupon. I handed it to her and gave her a tip also. I always tip, even on free food! I was a server for 2 years at Red Lobster. She didn't smile once and gave off a very unfriendly, almost hostile vibe. Really made me sad. She made me feel like crap for using the coupon that the company sent me!! And I gave her a tip!! Its not like she got nothing out of it!I ordered the steakhouse burger (was craving a yummy burger since Im pregnant) and fries. The fries were bad. Not crispy but chewy and not very salty. The burger was pretty yummy, but was slopped in the box carelessly. :/ Doesn't seem like good customer service. This was my test run, and I know not to go back and take my husband now.
