5	Great Karaoke every Thursday Nigh. 9pm To 2am
5	Great place to sing Karaoke. Late knight Karaoke 7 Days a week. This is the only place I know in Henderson that does Karaoke every night. M T W starts at midnight Thurs at 8:00p Fri midnight Sat 9:00p Sun 8:00p. Can't sleep, just getting off swing shift looking for a great time, this is the place to go.http://www.facebook.com/pages/Karaoke-Sing-Karaoke-Las-Vegas-NV-Henderson-NV/106424396088819
3	So, I have only been here to watch the Battle of the Bands: A fight To Fame that my brothers band was participating in ( and won first place!! --sorry had to brag a little there..hehe). But, I never ate anything here that night. There is a dining area where the stage is, but for this event that whole room is full of ppl and the only place to eat is in the bar room, and that packed with ppl, and bartenders trying to fill drinks and orders and yeaaa, I wasn't in the mood to eat! HOWEVER!, the place is decent looking and clean. It seems like a good place to have a drink after work or something. From what I heard that night, the nachos were pretty good. I don't know how good but i heard good things about it. I don't think this review would be too helpful, but I thought I'd just write one anyway! Sorry if I wasted your time :P lol
3	Good drink prices and a good layout that divides bar and showroom. The nachos are pretty decent too.
3	This is one of those places you drive past for years and keep saying one day I want to stop off and check the place out.  Well, that day (or night) finally happened.  But it took a Tower of Power tribute band named East Bay Grease to do it.  My girlfriend and I met our friends in the bar the night of 02/28/11.  The bartender was cute, friendly and promptly brought over our drinks.  My buddy ordered scotch on the rocks and though he didn't complain, the glass was 100% ice with very little scotch.  I ordered a beer - $3.50.  Noticing ash trays throughout the bar, I inquired whether or not cigar smoking was allowed.  I was informed yes by the bartender.  I took out my Arturo Fuente and lit up.  A few enjoyable puffs and 5 minutes later, I saw the familiar whispering and gesturing.  The bartender came over and told me she was just talking to the owner who said cigar smoking was NOT allowed.  Gee - that's why I asked first.  Interesting that the owner himself didn't come up to me.  Shortly before the band started to play, I asked the bartender to order us some spinach/artichoke dip with chips.  It never arrived.I grew up listening to Tower of Power and I must say that this tribute band was spot on.  They played all my old favorites over the course of two sets.  I was totally surprised at the lack of people - I counted less than 20.  Despite the fact of the place being so cold inside, this was a totally enjoyable evening.  In my younger years, I used to frequent establishments like this all the time so it brought back some good memories.  I will also be on the lookout for more performances by East Bay Grease.I noticed slot machines at the bar - but since they don't allow cigar smoking I'll have to gamble elsewhere.  But I will certainly return to watch more great music.
4	I really like this place, not many like it, especially in Vegas.  The live music is hit or miss but the ambiance can be a blast with the right crowd.  Too much cigarette smoke in the bar -  they should be smarter that's where the slots are.
2	This season E String is promoting themselves as a Chicago Bears bar. I went last Sunday for season opener and they could not get game to stay on allegedly due to Direct TV. I called other bars in the area and the game was playing fine? The graveyard bartender who was getting off work seemed friendly. However, the rest of the staff and place seemed disorganized. It is too bad because I saw a number of customers who use to be regulars at Mugshots when they were a Bears bar. Anyway, I wasn't going to sit and wait to see if they ever got the game on and they seemed rather unapologetic about it and didn't even offer us any incentive to stay. I beat streets to watch the game elsewhere and have no intention of returning. The entrance to the place is pretty dirty which suggests the rest of the place is as well. Ultimately, It seems like they are running the place on a shoestring...name change? LOL.
3	The music/entertainment room here is fantastic. Food is kinda pricey and just EHHish. Drinks are average prices for the area, but the bartenders are cool and quick to take care of you.
1	This is a hell hole! I was in town visiting some friends and this is the place they decided to take me. I always forget that not all places are created equal, but I give everything a try. And try I did. A few things through me off...-There were minors in the bar. The bartenders kept warning everyone that if they were underage to leave because the cops frequent the place. Shouldn't someone be checking IDs?-I spent $7.00 on and order of fries. They weren't even a good size of fries and they were under cooked.  If you're going to charge me that much for an order of fries I need them to jump off the table and slap me because they are so good.-The karaoke DJ was obnoxious! he catered to the staff at the bar and spent the other time being pushy about people tipping him.I'm a good sport, but I'd rather ride the bench.
5	This place was a blast. I met up with a few of my colleagues on a Tuesday and this place rocked. Cute staff with great attitudes, drinks where brought out quickly (always a plus) and even the other patrons where all in high spirits. I will definitely go there again and recommend it to all my peers.
3	They have live music occasionally.  It's a small room so it's obviously various local acts.  I happened to see a beatles cover band composed of high school students.  They were pretty good actually.The food I've seen is pretty sub par.  I got a pizza once, it was thin and greasy.  Hot wings were really wet if I recall correctly.  Don't go here for the food.The bar is in a separate area, thus the show I went to was an all-ages show which is nice.  Even though I'm well over 21 years old, I remember when I wasn't.  Its a shame to miss out on music because others are drinking.
2	Hi,The place is full of attitude, bad attitude!The Food is marginal at best and definitely NOT wort the trip just to eat.  At times the entertainment is good, Support your local Musicians.
4	Awesome chicken wings! I really like this place, karaoke every night. We went on a Wednesday and it wasn't to busy. Good service, would go back.
3	We came here for an event and my bestfriend and her band were performing for the first time EVAAAAAAAR! It was super fun... The bar service was great and good prices on drinks, however the servers themselves were difficult to come by. The mozzarella sticks were good too. :))
4	Went to check out Bruce Harper's Big Band.  What a treat!  16 piece big band full of professional players.  It's not often you get to hear this genre live and it's such a refreshing change from the Vegas Lounge cover band that uses backing tracks.  We'll be back to see this band for sure!  The place was understaffed so I wouldn't recommend going to one of these afternoon shows hungry - it was at least an hour wait for our meal and another 10-15 minutes waiting on the check.  The server was friendly and apologetic.
1	Worst experience ever. Went for a friends birthday for karaoke. The karaoke guy AC only ever played songs from his friends and never played anyone else! When you went to complain he had a bad attitude and was extremely rude!!! It would have been one thing if his friends were good singers with crowd pleaser songs BUT NO!! It was musical theater (hello Ms Saigon) and slow jams. I wanted to slit my wrists!!! Never again. If I could give it negative stars, I would. I'm also calling the manager to complain.
1	Stopped by for a drink and to check out the karaoke. The drinks were terrible. Out of the 7songs, 5 were Disney show tunes. It was like being in a kid's clubhouse. Not going back.
5	I love this place! Everyone, including the other guests, is so nice and welcoming.I usually only go for karaoke, and my favorite DJ is AC. His nights are Wednesdays to Saturday's. I don't know what the other person is talking about, but when it gets really busy, the wait to sing a song can get up to over an hour. If you want to sing sooner, actually tip the dj. That's how the DJ makes money, and not many people tip well, so if you consistently tip nicely, you won't have to wait AS long as say the other people (like me) who don't tip at all.And don't be an ass. Assholes probably have to wait longer than everyone else.I'm only saying all of this as someone who's lived in Vegas forever and actually understand that people are generally nicer to you if you're not an asshole and tip well.Sonny, the bartender is awesome too. I only met Jenn once but she's sweet and she made this delicious drink that I drank for the rest of the night and then I got really drunk.Fun times.
2	Maybe an off day, but the cooks need to learn how to cook. French fries are stale, burger undercooked.
5	This bar has been my home away from home for the past five years.   Most times, the bar has a great sense of community,  good music, best karaoke around, great kjs, good priced food and beer, renovations are always happening to make the bar a better place, I've met great friends here and adore the place.  Most the bartenders are friendly and provide excellent service. :)
1	Nothing against the bar itself.. But when multiple women are uncomfortable and tell the bartender that 2 patrons are touching them and giving them a hard time after being asked to stop multiple times.... And the bartender doesn't care... Complete fail. I won't ever go back. Not to mention the girl changing her clothes and unloading her car in the spot RIGHT where you have to go up the stairs to go into the bar.... 4 girls agree they have never been so uncomfortable in a bar before so we left.
1	I have never been treated so poorly at any local bar in my life.  We ( my friends)  live in the area and like to have a friendly local place for all my friends to meet in a centralized area.  Most of my friends love to sing karaoke and we all love have fun.   PAUL the karaoke host his been amazing. But Tim the bartendar has always been less then professional and straight out rude. We actually seen him motion negative physical actions towards us many times. We have even approached him about it. As if we did something inappropriate. But  no. All of us are working professionals in othet local business All of us will never return to this place. Sorry to say the other locals said they just deal with it. We will not...we will find another place to go. Bye estrings...
1	I have never been treated so poorly at any local bar in my life.  We (my friends and I ) live in the area and like to have a local friendly place for all of us to meet in a centralized location.  Most of my friends love to sing karaoke, enjoy live music and we all love to dance and have a great time. Paul the karaoke host a great and amazing with the crowd. Jennifer has been a great bartender and always checks in with all her costumers. But TIM the late bartender has always been less the professional and straight out rude and disrespectful. We have actually seen him motion negative physical actions towards us many times.  We have even approached him about it, as if we have done something inappropriate. All of us are working professionals in other local businesses and some of us live in walking distance of this bar.  Sorry to say even after speaking to some of the other local guests about this professional behavior they said they just "deal with him."  Well, we will not just deal with it.  WE WILL NEVER go back to this place and be sure to tell everyone we know not to go there either.  Bye E String Bar and Grill, we will take our business and self respect to one of the many local bars in the neighborhood.
5	I love this place...I will be here again tonight for the comedy see you'll tonight...im here from Atlanta again
1	They deserve a half a star for service...took 30 minutes for my burger after I reminded her twice...not happy. She gave me no napkins. It wasn't worth the wait. I'm from Chicago but I will be sure to let people I know in Henderson, NOT to visit!
