4	Stopped in the other day to give this place a shot.  Looks a bit bland on the outside and fairly bare on the inside.  Very small counter / kitchen area, but lots of room for seating and standing.  Looked clean enough.  It was a Monday at 8pm so not very busy.  Place has some sandwiches, sides, salads, and ice cream.  The service was great.  The cashier was very engaging and friendly.  I had a double-dipped roast beef.  Pretty sure I saw the dude making it slice up the beef which was a good sign of freshness.  The sandwich was really good.  Good size portion, soft bread, meat was juicy and the au jus was flavorful.  Came with a side of spicy mustard and WOW was it spicy.  Perfect!  Was even better than Phillippe's in LA.  I assume they keep long hours so might be a good spot for after bar food if you're at High Noon, Brass Ring, or Brink and don't wanna hike it up to Ian's.  I plan on going back.
1	I went with a friend during the weekday lunch hour and I'm glad we didn't have much of an afternoon schedule! It took over 30 minutes from the time we ordered to get our food. When we got our food, the beef was barely warm on the FOB sandwich. The beef itself was good but the barbecue sauce overwhelmed the beef on the sandwich. The fries tasted just like Arby's curly fries (except they were soggy and not very hot). The potato salad was decent. It was odd that we had to wait to get our sodas with the combo meal until our meal was done so we waited for 30 minutes with nothing in our hands. On top of all this, the ketchup ran out and wasn't replaced before we left. Overall, a very disappointing visit.
3	Went with a few coworkers last week for lunch. What I liked: Huge portions for the price, interesting menu. What I didn't like: Took a long time for all of us to get our food, fries and sandwich were lukewarm, which was odd given how long it took, roast beef alone wasn't flavorful (I had a dip, and it really needed to be dipped).I still need to try the custard though, so that might bump it up a star!I might give it another try, and do a different sandwich/side and order dessert.
2	First impressionshard to park at, bad curb cut into and out of lot. watch your bumper.weird set up on inside, fence in doorway, small stage, erratic seats.why is the menu board not above the the kitchen/behind the register like every other restaurant in the world.Food got it to go, Expensive compared to similar sandwiches everything 6 bucks or more. Sandwich meat was ok, Super salty au jus, ten minute wait, I'm assuming for the onion rings. they were good. overall just ok
5	You don't have to be a foodie to appreciate this place.  It's great food in a down-to-earth atmosphere.I'm someone who gets the urge to go to a fast food place but feels guilty because it's a combination of unhealthy food in an unclean environment putting money in the hands of a national chain.  If you live in Madison, you probably feel the same.So, check out FOB here.  It's quite tasty - I regularly get their original FOB sandwich and cut fries.  The inside atmosphere is great - you can catch part of a game on or a movie -- and clean.  And, there's great service so I don't feel like I'm just carrying a bag out the door.
4	The service was fast and friendly.  I ordered the Big Dip (single dip) with curly fries and a drink. My wife ordered the FOB with curly fries and a drink. My sandwich was very good, and with only the single dip was not too messy. The roast beef had a good flavor and the au jus was hot and full of flavor as well. It was served with a side of spicy mustard; it was good too, but a little overpowering. The FOB my wife had was incredible. The roast beef was cooked perfect and had a ton of flavor, the sauce was delicious too. The only disappointment was the curly fries, not much flavor there.  I will definitely be heading back.
2	If you like Arby's, you'll like Full of Bull.This isn't necessarily bad food, it's just not good. It's a good bar or lazy food, that's about it. Then again, I'm not really sure Full of Bull is really aspiring to be the next Harvest or L'Etoile, either.As the ratings suggest--I really have experienced better.
3	Went during lunch on a Wednesday, had the FOB sandwich and curly fries.  The food took less than 10 minutes to the table, most likely for the fries which seemed to be right out of the fryer.  They were good, the sandwich was just ok.  The toasted bun was good, the meat was tender, but the meat wasn't hot and it was extremely bland.  Aside from the sauce on it, it was very tasteless.  That being said, I would go back and try something else in the future.Note that if you visit this place in the winter, be sure to wear a sweatshirt or keep your coat on.  It must have been in the low 60s inside.
4	Excellent!!!  We were craving a bit of comfort food on afternoon (a little hungover) and this place hit the spot.  They even deliver, get ready for it, ICECREAM!!!  I ordered the stuffed mushroom and swiss burger, this was delicious and possibly the biggest burger I have ever had!  The fries were actually cooked and not soggy.  The icecream or cement mixers are to die for!!!! I highly recommend this place when you need a little comfort food and don't want to leave the house!
1	The beef was overcooked, dry, and mostly tasteless. That said, it was still "tender" as it was cut thin/against the grain (it is possible for meat to be both tender/dry/overcooked). I used a groupon to eat there so I wasn't too disappointed, however if I had paid full price I would have been pretty pissed. For what they charge (close to 10 bucks for a sandwich/fries/drink) it needs to be a heck of a lot better than what they serve.
1	I've eaten better beef sandwiches in my day.  The flavor wasn't there and it didn't have what I was looking for.  The day we went they had chicken noodle soup and it couldn't have been much worse.  We'll give it another shot the next time we're in town, but not a good first impression.
3	We chose the signature sandwich and it was tasty.
3	I did have another full of bull sandwich and it was way better, I think they got the cooking down better now and the onion rings are still pretty dang good also.
5	Best au jus roast beef sandwich I've ever had.  I've been there 4 times.. its the only place I go when I crave a roast beef sandwich.  Yes, it is a bit pricier than Arby's, but you have to account for the fact that Arby's sucks, and Full of Bull has delicious sandwiches that fill your belly with happiness and satisfaction.  The roast beef sandwich is loaded with flavorful beef, and comes with a side of tasty sauce for dipping.   Mmmmm.  The space is ridiculously huge, the cooks are friendly, the menu is inventive and the food is quality.  Even though they play weird PBS shows about clay making on the TV,  you can bet your ass I'll be back.P.S - If you're going to give a place 2 stars because parking is limited-- perhaps you should move out of down town Madison.  I thought we were reviewing the food and not how angry it makes you that you can't find a place to park your SUV.  Just saying.
1	Fuck no. Roast beef somehow manages to be both dry and greasy at the same time. Sides will give you a stomachache and, unless ordered plain, are coated with the same mysterious anthrax powder found on the onion rings at Madtown Burger Company. Yes, they are basically the same restaurant. The only thing I have to say about their chili is "oh God why" and I'm pretty sure they were just as shocked to hear me order it too.After finishing my last order-in meal from here, I literally had to run out of the room after eating it to avoid becoming violently ill from looking at and smelling the leftovers of the abomination that I had just consumed. They once sent me a burger with absolutely no toppings on it. Gee, I guess it's my fault I didn't specify I'd like lettuce or maybe a slice of tomato when I called! I sure deserved having to chop up vegetables for a fast food meal that I ordered precisely so I could avoid kitchen labor!This whole experience could be emulated with much less trouble. Simply walk into a nearby Arby's, and upon being rung up, dump out your entire wallet in front of the cashier and ask him to dick around for an hour before making and subsequently pissing in your food.
4	To preface this review: I am from Chicago, and snobbishly so. I've lived in Madison for 5 months and most of the food doesn't really satiate my palate. I've had Full Of Bull twice, and they make excellent sandwiches. I ordered online and have had both the burger and the italian beef. Both were incredible and satisfied my arrogant taste. The curly fries make the restaurant that much better. They are delicious.Delivery is a bit long.
3	Let me preface this review by saying it should be a first. Full of Bull has opened a new store on State St. (where the T-Bell/KFC was previously). I'll get over the loss of stat points for myself in time. I had the Boston Cheesesteak, and it was a delicious treat of gluttonous proportions. It's a perfect decision for that Saturday/Sunday lunch to recovery. I also went with the curly fries as a side, and I was pleased, but not overwhelmed. I'm a sucker for cheesesteak, and I'll definitely be heading back for seconds. All in all, 3/5 for Full of Bull on State St.
1	They're full of something, that's for sure: greasy, soggy fries, watery barbecue sauce, and flies in the ice machine.  Full of Bull recently debuted in the old Taco Bell/KFC space on State Street, a far cry from their poorly-located first place on the near-east side.  After a decent experience at their old place over a year ago, I thought I'd check out their new spot for lunch because it's close to work.I ordered the FOB sandwich and made it a combo for $2.99 extra, with the addition of curly fries and a soda.  I also opted for the suggested garlic/parmesan topping on the fries, which sounded good.  The total for the combo came to over $10, which is pretty steep for fast food.  However, I remembered it being pretty decent before (a notch above Arby's/Hardee's and the like), so I figured the extra few bucks might be worth it.  It wasn't.  When my food came, I was disappointed that the fries seemed to be the same generic curly fries you'd get at Hardee's or Arby's, only worse, they were completely soggy and over-greasy.  The parmesan/garlic topping was just a sprinkling of a white, dust-flavored powder on top of the fries, imparting almost no extra flavor.  I've had parmesan/garlic fries at other places, and know they can be excellent when infused with flavor. Fail #1.My sandwich was big with a lot of meat, served on a decent looking onion bun.  However, the 'famous sauce' served with the sandwich seemed to be a weak, extremely watered-down barbeque sauce.  Fail #2.When I finished my drink and went for a refill, I opened the cup and was horrified to find several dead flies in with the ice in my cup, which appeared to have come from the ice in the ice machine.  Fail #3.I was pretty fed up and grossed out at this point, so I went to throw my basket away and get the hell out of there.  The only trash the place seemed to have was directly in front of the ordering counter, so I had to wade through a cluster of people who were ordering or had ordered and were waiting.  Fail #4.  4 fails and I'm out, sorry.
2	I'd say this was an upscale version of Arbys if the sandwiches were actually better than Arbys.  Somehow, they fail to cross even that low barrier.  The French Dip isn't bad, though it is bland, but the FOB is a horrible, horrible sandwich.  Lukewarm bad roast beef served in a noxious sauce that turns the whole thing cold and soggy.  Somehow they manage to serve this monstrosity (with fries and a drink) for over $10.  To top it off, the service is inexplicably slow and everyone who works there looks like they're about to fall asleep.   Perhaps Full of Bull wouldn't be so offensive if it wasn't right across the street from Roast Public House, which is certainly the best sandwich place on State Street and probably the best restaurant.  I'll give them a one-star bump for not allowing the place to become homeless headquarters like KFC/taco bell used to do.
4	Just gave this place a shot today, was pleasantly surprised.  Had a Raging Bull sandwich with a side of garlic parmesean tots.  The meal was a bit pricey, clocking in at about 11 bucks, but I was very pleased with the food.  The tots were nice and crispy, and the sandwich was juicy and flavorful.  I really enjoyed the horseradish, added a nice little kick.  I'll definitely come back the next time I feel like consuming a huge amount of calories.
1	threw away my food. tots just tasted like oil. fob is horrible (soggy bread, cold roast beef, stinky cheese).
5	Let me tell you about the greatest roast beef sandwich I ever had.I walked into Full of Bull today based on a recommendation from my girlfriend--a nut about barbecue sandwiches.  It was quiet: two patrons sat next to the drink machine watching a football game across the room, waiting while two staffers in their everyday clothes finished preparing a meal.  The staff had a cozy, brotherly approach, and took their time--a quality I appreciate if the food is good.  Spoiler: it is.  I was astounded at the size of the sandwiches as they were brought out: juicy roast beef poked out of crisp buns toasted with onion and poppy-seed...  My mouth watered as I made my order: just their namesake FOB (I'm a "just the sandwich" guy)--and took a seat by the TV.Overall, the ambiance of the place is bare-bones, and one could say a little sterile.  The colors are stark, and the tables and chairs are more reminiscent of a fast food place than a high quality sandwich shop with sandwiches at $7.00+. But let me tell you, in the end nothing else mattered.The staffer brought a sandwich out in less than 5 minutes.  The smell of hot roast beef smothered in tangy sauce hit me like a train.   But before I go there, I want to talk about the bun some more.  Full of Bull's buns are in class of their own: silky soft on the outside, crispy on the inside, onions and poppy-seed peppered throughout like I mentioned before, easy to hold--I tell you, I will never take buns for granted again.  Also the sauce was NOT pouring out the sides like so many barbecue sandwiches before it.The roast beef was at the perfect temperature and thickness; and so juicy and soft I was never forced to tear.  The sandwich parted with every bite, giving satisfying resistance as my teeth passed through the crisp interior side of the bun.  The sauce was as good as it gets:  sweet, smokey, with a strong hint of apples, and savory in all the right ways.  Complementing the sauce was a small sliver of robust cheese that did the perfect job of countering the tangyness, adding even more savor.  After the second half of the sandwich, I made it my business to personally thank the man who made it (the first time I have EVER done this).  He thanked me and told me a little about Full of Bull's sandwiches.  He said they get their sauce from VA and try to make food like they do in Boston.  He was a very nice guy.  After I got on here and saw the reviews I know they must have improved dramatically, or Yelp in Madison has been overtaken by a very loud (and very wrong) minority.  This is the BEST roast beef I have ever had.  It is far beyond even the mention of lesser sandwiches made by not-worth-mentioning fast food chains.  If I could say anything by way of improvements, Full of Bull should ramp up their interior design and ambiance to match the quality of their amazing sandwich.Full of Bull's FOB is the best combination of bread, beef, and cheese I have ever had in Madison, or anywhere.  Do yourself a favor and give them all your money.  I'll be back every time I'm in town.
