4	I've done a few haunted tours and this was one of the best. A 3 hour tour around Vegas is worth the $50. Seeing where Tupac was shot, stopping to see where some pioneers were murdered and the all the hotel horror stories were great. The seance was cheesy but it was still entertaining. That and the people who thought it was real. C'mon people. It's worth the time and money if you like this type of entertainment.
3	I googled discounted tickets haunted vegas tour and was able to find a site where I could receive a significant discount plus purchase tickets at the same time.  I am a local and had a little sister visiting town who loves ghost stuff.  I was a little surprised the tour didn't have more o f a party atmosphere.  You spend almost the whole time on a bus that you can't drink on and it doesn't have a restroom.  Being a seasoned partier, I drank before hand and had to pi soooo bad during the tour.  The tour guide told the bus to stop at a gas station but the other people on the bus were annoyed.  I thought we would be getting off the bus at the sites, but you only get off 2 times.  Once at a park in Henderson and the other at the seance portion.  The stories were cool and video was nice.  The guide is a man in his 70s who use to be a mortician so he had lots of interesting information.  However, if you know some history about las vegas, some of the information you will already know.  The lady at the seance seemed drunk, but it was entertaining in its lame way.  I'm glad I got to experience the tour, but you are paying to sit on a bus for 2.5 hours and listen to an old guy talk, but I do love old people.  I just wish you could drink on the bus and that there was a toilet on board.  Make sure you pi before getting on the bus! Oh and the Royal resort (where the tour departs) does not have a bar, but there is a liquor store really close where you can get drinks and you can walk across the street to Walgreens and get a cheap las vegas souvenir cup to put them in.  Then you can drink on the bus by saying the cup is filled with a non alcoholic beverage.
3	Went on the tour last night and it was interesting. This not a scary tour it's more historical. Having lived in Vegas for years I learned some new things. The bus is small kind of like those party buses or the bus that picks up senior citizens. My boyfriend liked the size of the bus it was comfortable and had plenty of windows. The 2 1/2 hours flew by. The hotel was nice on the inside and they had free parking. I can't say I would of paid the full price but since I had a groupon it was cool.
5	You know what, if you don't take this too seriously, it's actually a lot of fun. The seance opening of course is corny, it's supposed to be! Are people expecting an actual seance in Vegas and on a bus tour no less? The guide was engaging and was having fun, which made the group have a good time. You get your money's worth on this. The bus takes you all over town and you get to hear some interesting stories and a bit of Vegas history. The best part is that it's only a few hours and you still have the rest of the night. Plus, if you like old school dive casinos, you'll love the Greek Isles. It's a dump in the best sense of the word!
4	Yeah- if want to be creeped out, take this tour... and I mean that in a good way.  Our tour guide was a mortician and dressed in a top hat and long coat (like an undertaker), so that added to the creepy factor right from the get go.  There were lots of places of interest where either ghost sightings occurred or a tragic event took place.  There were references to Elvis at the International Hotel (now called the Hilton), the Liberace Museum, Red Foxx, Tupac, the old MGM hotel that burned down (now Ballys), etc.  We were saddened to learn that Vegas was the suicide capital of the US- that kinda ruined the mood a bit.  There were a few weird things with finding "orbs" (balls of light, ghosts) that kinda had me thinking.  Overall- an entertaining tour despite the gruesome nature.  The guide was excellent and the tour was pretty informative.  Two for one coupons are almost everywhere- either at Tix2nite stations, in the free magazines at the hotels, or almost any free booklet with advertisement.
5	This is outstanding! I'm a concierge in Las Vegas so finding something that's unique and awesome is quite attractive.  If you can, request Jac the tour guide, he was terrific! I will definitely recommend this to as many people as I can.  Just go with an open mind and enjoy yourself.  It's not a ghost hunt & isn't scary, they don't try to scare you.  It's literally facts and history of Las Vegas.
3	I thought this tour was fun. I just wrote a very long review for the Mob tour (same bus, same company), so my fingers are hurting, and I will keep this one shorter.First off, I don't know what everyone is talking about with the seance. We didn't have one. They gave us divining rods to see if we could detect ghost energy. We stopped at 3 places (a park, a bridge, and the Flamingo). Much of the tour was on the bus, looking at picture and video clips, which was my favorite part. It was highly interesting, and you got some of the history of Vegas (and Vegas casualties). I learned a lot, and I enjoyed it. We didn't need to be outside for quite so long in the cold weather. None of us caught anything on our cameras. So it wasn't too scary. Just informative. The tour guide was a man in his 70's. He told many jokes. At first it was funny, but then it was too much. It was almost like he was auditioning for a stand up comedy bit, and after a while it got old. But I really liked him (much better than the smoking mob tour guide) and thought he had a great attitude. Also, the hotel where you start does have a bar, so you can have a cocktail beforehand (a reviewer from 2010 said that it didn't, so they must have added the bar recently?).  Ample parking, so it's an easy drive.Again, don't pay full price. It's easy to pay half price from the website directly or from a groupon special.
3	No seance? We were robbed!It was fun regardless... the tour guide was a tad bit hokey but 'old man' hokey so I guess that's okay, plus you can just ignore him if he gets on your nerves. ;-) Luckily, there was a lot to see on this tour so it does keep ya engaged.  Cons:The bus is a bit of a tight fit.  My friend and I are not tiny but we're not huge either and we had a tough time squeezing into the seats side by side. We also had two very large (300lbs+) men in front of us who were each hanging on by a buttcheek.  It was a bit of a bummer for me and my friend sitting right behind them cuz it blocked the view of the TV in the corner which shows alot of the tour detail.  Of course, this wasn't really the tour's fault but it's something to keep in mind when selecting your seats on the bus. Another downside is we did this tour in December and it was COLD! Alot of the tour is outside and we didn't prepare well cuz I was friggin freezing everytime we stepped outta the bus. When I tried to get back on the bus early they would only let me if there was two people so keep that in mind.  I think they shoul've warned us to bring a jacket or something.  All in all though it was a fun tour and included a lot of interesting 'supposedly' haunted sights. I enjoyed it but I'd also HIGHLY suggest you look for a deal/discount as they seem to be everywhere and not sure if it's worth the full price.
4	I found this tour to be a lot of fun. We didn't have a seance, but we did have silly little dowsing rods for the tour. The tour bus itself sort of sucks; it feels like it's going to rattle apart any many minute, but the driver and our tour guide were really sweet. We drove around to a number of locations around Vegas, and heard about the ghost reports in those locations. We were able to get out at a few places to look around and take pictures. It was your pretty typical ghost tour, we had video to watch on the bus, and our guide was a good story teller. The tour is 2 or 3 hours long; it started at 10 and was well after midnight when it finished. Definitely be prepared for that. :)
5	One of my favorite things I've ever done!  It was a blast.  I learned so much about the history of Vegas.  My boyfriend and I went exploring again after the tour for hours we were so interested.  Then we went back again this year and did the company's new ghost tour in Goodsprings.  AWESOME!!!!  These guys know what they are doing and have one of the best tours out there.  We just invested in ghost hunting equipment of our own after that tour.  Oh and the guides are amazing!  They are funny and full of ghost stories.
3	The guy doing the tour was nice and sweet and did a good job.this tour is not bad but not great. I am just glad we got the tickets ont he 1/2 price site instead of the full $72 price. So not worth the full price. But for 2.5 hours of driving around the city seeing different sites and getting some history of the town is neat.  We got off the bus 2 times to see areas that are suon theppose to be haunted. We took several pics but didn't get any good images of ghosts or energies. But overall was something different other then sitting in the casinos.
5	A Paranormal bus ride to haunted spots throughout Sin City. Hosted by an amiable gentleman in top hat and cape.
4	I really enjoyed this tour, I am definitely sensitive to the paranormal, so I figured why not go and see if anything happens! We got pictures of orbs, the creepiest one we captured was at the exact spot where this guy hung himself. Also Liberace's place was the most haunted, definitely felt a presence there. When i went in the back room, my rods moved in the direction I asked each time. The only negative thing about the tour was that the tour guide seemed to be in a huge rush.
4	We went on the Goodsprings ghost tour and it was WELL worth it!!!!!.  It started at 6:30p and we were back at 11:30p.  We met at a hotel off of Convention Center and the bus took us out to Goodsprings.  The tour guide, Arianne, we very sweet and knowledgeable.  She told us some history of the hotels in Vegas, ghost sightings, etc.  We watched a video of the history of Goodsprings and then arrived at the Pioneer Saloon.  That place was well worth the trip!  It's SO old and even has the original table where the poker game took place and the shooting.  The tour included pizza and then we walked around the town with EMFs, dowsing rods, thermals and Arianne had the spirit box.  WOW did we get SO much!!!!  Just to be at a hugely haunted place in the desert with so much history is worth it.  I am sensitive to energy so I went off by myself at every location and my experiences were UH-MAZING!On the way back we watched pieces of the Ghost Adventures episode from there and it really feels cool to know that you were just there and have the evidence to back it up!!!  I HIGHLY recommend taking this tour as you are bound to get EXACTLY what you are looking for.
1	$180 for two people. I didn't even pay and I'm still outraged they charge this amount. What a boring, dated tour! First, it's advertised as a paranormal experience, but the guide makes it clear immediately that it's more of an informative historical tour than anything else. ...O...kay?It was also terribly disappointing that their main source is the discovery channel. The guide specifically said they won't even look into local stories, so no chance of this tour being updated if you've already participated once before! Basically, unless it's been already broadcasted on TV and researched by someone else, they're not interested in including it. I could have gone for some local folklore or creepy stories.... instead of hearing about how Elvis haunts the Hilton (as we drive by it lol)....Really? It was just dull. There were 4 locations, seemingly picked at random. I was really surprised by the lack of connections these people have after 9 years of putting on tours in Vegas. Why are we talking about a haunted basement or backstage and not touring it for ourselves? Why are we standing outside of Red Foxx's house like a bunch of fools?? Side note: I was shocked to learn that no one even had the sense to talk to the security guard inside and ask if he's experienced anything unusual. The guide's response was basically "Nah, the owners (of the tour) don't think it's necessary." !?!?!?!?! We all got our own set of dowsing rods.... kind of a pointless and misleading tool, if you ask me. And some handheld devices that seemed suspicious. On one of them, a red light would go off (I'm 75% convinced it was rigged to do so) and the driver, who was way too involved for whatever reason, would starting yelling: "That's a ghost! That's a ghost!"I'm all for people believing and having fun with it, but this was just silliness. The first stop was at a pizza place for the "pizza party" we found out about last minute. Um.... what? I'm sure that's tacked on into the price of the tour and honestly, it could really be dropped. I'm not on a tour to interact with other people, so I can't say I appreciated the whole "let's get to know each other" session. For anyone wondering- It wasn't even at a place with a little history, or a backstory that would justify a stop there..and it was in a terrible area. Our guide was also Jack. Adorable, but lacked enthusiasm completely. We'd be let out of the van and he'd pretty much walk off. The *entire time* we were reminded how "rare" it is to have only 5 people. It was to the point where it got uncomfortable because you could tell, had he known, he would have cancelled the tour. Inside the van, the videos we were watching were hard to make out- and again, dated and of poor quality. They showed mostly short news clips and old pictures. A few pictures he claimed his "boss" took. Um, no. The DailyMail did. Don't steal photos online and claim them as your own! From what I'm reading in reviews, their Mob themed tour overlaps with this one- same stories and one repeated location. I say, save your money and take your spouse out to dinner.
3	Me n my girl visited Vegas last week and booked this tour because were interested in this. Our host Jack and driver Mike were cool n informative and overall we had a good time but I thought the "stand up" from Jack could have been toned down especially if there were hard core believers on board that could have taken it differently. We had a good time and caught what we think are orbs so do I think it was a waste? No. But I think the price could have been more reasonable and maybe add some other stops or stories than just what you can get from the History Channel
3	This is a somewhat unique experience regardless if you believe.  You start with pizza at a local joint which I think they could have done without.  We had a group of 10 so they used a cargo van. We went to two parks, a bridge,  and Red Foxx house. The first two parks were the best. I did not get orbs in my pictures but my cousin did. I can't explain but I also don't fully believe either. It is fun but on the high end of price in my opinion.
