4	Okay here is the deal , I  have been here several times this summer. I just kind of kept coming back because they do a nice job with little to worry about. I am not a nail - mani - pedi fanatic, I don't  have stickers , french tips , jewels, and other special items on my nails, it's kind of like , they look great on you but not my thing..But here is why  I keep coming back for feet maintaining:1. They seem to always be open and have a seat available with no waiting2. Very unintimidating , little pressure to buy the extras3.Easy to get to , near shopping like Target, Ross and Michaels4. The price is always reasonable  20ish depending if I get sea salt5. Clean without reeking of bleach 6. Chairs are comfortable with gossip reading nearby7. No Hassles
3	If you are getting acrylic nails done be warned my  17 year old got her's done there and two have lifted  off  within a week and a half...
5	I discovered Vien through friends.  I have gotten pedicures from several of the staff, and they are always nice, polite, and professional.  The pedicures include massage and hot stones and cost only $20.  I usually call ahead for the same day and so far have not had a problem getting an appointment.  A great find!
2	I like this place.  It's close to my house and a great location for when I'm doing other errands.   A big plus is their color selection.  They seem to always have the new OPI colors right out in front.  **LIKE**The staff can be pretty iffy at times.  I have a big pet peeve when people answer their phones while working on me.  It's rude.   Also, I know know it's cold/flu season so everyone is coughing.  They should be wearing the masks or not coming in to work at all.  STOP HACKING ON MY HANDS!!!
4	I've been going to Vien for quite some time and it's the best place for a pedicure in northern Phoenix.The staff is quiet, respectful, and clean. They have a TON of colors to choose from and will do designs and details for a minimal cost. They are professional, and their massage chairs work wonders to relax me.They do a great job on the pedicures by massaging your feet and legs. I always come out of there feeling rejuvenated and relaxed - plus my pedicure lasts up to three weeks!It's not the "fanciest" place to go to, but you get more than you pay for (and it's worth it!).
4	The west Valley's architectural geography is comprised of little strip malls with an anchor store (usually a grocery store), a nail salon, and pay day loan center. Nail salons are a dime a dozen, and they all offer pretty much the same services. Even though Vien nails appears to fit the standard mold they are so much better. A typical French pedicure lasts about two weeks. And really only one before you have to pull out the ol' Sally Hansen touch up kit. However, I can go three weeks or longer with a pedicure from Vien. It takes them about an hour to complete the process because they massage your legs with lotion and do the hot stones. All of this is standard procedure as well. The staff is so nice, and they even remember you after a while too. They are all very skilled at their jobs. I also love that they provide damn near every magazine known to mankind, and they have a flat screen for movies. This is the place to get your nails did (excuse my Missy Elliott throwback).
4	I went on a whim and was able to be seated right away! I was lucky enough to get Trish who was wonderful. She gave me a very good Pedi and I got some designs on all my toes as well as a relaxing gel Mani and it was only like $45 plus tip! Crazy low prices for getting a french on your piggies and a Shellac manicure. Will for sure be going again and hopefully will get Trish- next time will try their eyebrow waxing as well.Update: Went on 8/14/2011 (went to another place in between)I was proactive and called and asked for an appointment with Trish again because she was so great and I liked her personality. So when I get there I sign in and don't see her but someone else seats me and this is okay too. Then the other girl proceeds to start servicing me; so I rightfully assume that Trish wasn't there today but wished they would have just told me that when I called and spoke to TWO people! She was good as well and nice and even finally acknowledged that Trish was not there and she doesn't work every weekend. Which is again fine but just tell me that. Her name was Kristi and she was good as well and everything was still reasonably priced. I paid $51 for a Gel Manicure with French and Spa Pedicure with Crackle Polish.I would go again for sure.  *Note about parking usually hard to find since next to Coldstone and in a very busy parking area/ lot but it is worth it.
2	Not coming back. The last few times I have been they have been lousy with scheduling. The final straw was When they asked me to come back in an hour and when I did they had me wait 15 minutes to get to a chair. After they seated me and my feet were already soaking they then said it would be another 20 minutes. Which ended up being closer to 30. It was a huge waste of time. They do a decent job but it's nothing to wait in line for.
4	I just walked in and they were ready to help me. Great friendly staff!! The price is right at $40 for a mani-pedi and the massage was excellent! I will definitely be back.
4	I love this salon! I didn't love the mani 100% but it was my first one but the pedi was great! Great price too. I will definitely be going back!
4	Prices are very reasonable, the staff are very nice, and kids can get their toes polished with a design for only $5! They also play really good movies! Haha ... You never know what will be on when you pop in :)
5	Local fave. Good service at a fair price. They are efficient but take their time and make sure you are happy without cutting corners.  Probably one of the best in the area.  worth the wait as they always have a big wait on the weekends if you don't  have an appointment
5	Vien is amazing, the technicians go above and beyond!! My nail tech was a guy I didn't get his name but he was a real perfectionist. He took his time on my nails and did a great job, I couldn't of asked for a better tech. When I walked in I was greeted right away, there was a bit of a wait time about 20 minutes. I can't complain because when,it was my turn my tech listened and did exactly what I asked for and when I didn't like the design he would do it over to make sure I got what I wanted. This place is great and you absolutely cannot beat the prices!!! I got 2 acryllic colors and a gel base with a simple design and it was on $50 including a $10 tip. Incredible, next time I go I'm definitely trying out their pedicures. Wonderful neighborhood place with really great people.
5	5 stars definately! The people are great they take their time! They are extremely nice and even funny! I have never felt so comfortable in a nail shop ever! The one downside is that they can be a little slow it took almost 3hrs to get a full set and a pedicure! In the end it was worth it! I will be back!
5	I've been going here about a year and mind you I have been to many nail shops in north Phoenix. This one is by far the greatest considering they take their time and do not rush no matter how busy they are. I have never been disappointed after leaving this place. Very friendly and clean. They also play great movies as another person on here mentioned as well but most of all the work they do is professional, affordable and over all a comfortable shop to visit. Hai has been my nail tech over the past year and in my eyes he's the BEST!!!
5	Love this place! I've gotten pedicures here before and I've gotta say they do a great job at all they do. Today I got acrylic nails for my friends wedding this weekend. I showed Andy exactly what I wanted off of Pinterest. They didn't have the exact color I wanted but Andy was able to combine two colors to make the perfect match. Andy is very detailed in his work and even put a few rhinestones to complete the look. I will be going back here for sure!
1	My daughter and I and arrived at 4 pm (our appointment time) and sat there for 15 minutes without even being acknowledged. Walked out and went to Autumn Lee nails instead.The only good thing I can say about the place was that it looked clean.
