2	BOBA!! Those delightful squishy tapioca balls that you suck up a huge-wide straw along with your smoothie!--Great dessert spot after your Pho Bang, or Da Vang.--convenient walk-in in this Vietnamese strip mall--staff extremely friendly and accommodating to make your smoothie exactly to your wishes--fresh fruit, coffee, tea, and Thai tea--Thrifty ice cream--Vietnamese desserts--Boba drinks sealed with Asian plastic seal (like Ramen-cup tops)I love boba. I love it's squishy surprise that goes with your fruit smoothie. Today's boba were not as firm as some, but it could just be the batch. They have boba jelly too -- think softer gummi bears.
3	I am not a boba snob. I've never traveled to Taiwan...I've never rolled my own tapioca pearls, (is that even how they're created? God, I'm ignorant), I've never wandered the streets of a quaint village market, looking for the cart of perfectly pink fat straws from which to slurp my boba-speckled beverage. No, my only exposure to boba was, prior to my Boba Juice visit, the delicious but probably criminally inauthentic boba tea stand-type thing in the MU at ASU's main campus. Exposure: limited. Yes, indeed, but I think I somewhat made up for it by trying just about every flavor and flavor combination available...no small feat, but, then again, I did often visit the counter 3 times a day...thank goodness for a high employee turnover rate! Even with my dangerous levels of consumption, it seemed like I never saw the same employee twice. I never felt the cold and bitter sting of metal cuffs against my wrists - "Ma'am, you're being placed under arrest...for boba possession, with the intent to distribute." "No...no, officer, there's been a mistake...all of these drinks, well...they're for me." The officer's top link wrinkles in disgust as he drops my hands from behind my back. "Jesus...may God have mercy on your blighted and withered soul." No, that didn't happen. The stand closed down somewhere during my last years at ASU, and, after a brief period of griping and complaining, I started drinking Starbucks on campus. Beggars can't be choosers. However, whilst dipping my pinky toe into the abyss of Yelp a few weeks ago, I discovered a listing for Boba Juice. "Oh, that's close," I said to myself, almost cavalier in my disinterest. I was able to ward off my reintroduction to boba drinks until yesterday, when my boyfriend and I were having an argument. Always the passive aggressive, I decided that the best way to handle the situation was to drive to 19th Ave. and get myself some boba - clearly! Is there any other way to nurse a wound? It's a little difficult to find, mostly because the strip mall it resides in appears forgotten and empty, despite the apparently non-defunct businesses it houses. It is on the west side of the road, just a little bit past Campbell. There is a big "Grand Opening" banner. It is very small inside, but pleasant enough for a place where you're probably just going to grab something and leave. There is a boba drink shape in the tile as soon as you walk in, which I thought was a cute and potentially expensive touch that most people won't care about or notice. The people working there were friendly, and the drinks are reasonably price - about $3.35 for a large, including tax. I ordered an Iced Thai Tea with Boba, and I so completely enjoyed it that it was gone before I made it home. Hey, I was getting back into the boba game after years of deprivation - don't hate! I know I will go back. Probably on a daily basis. It's a ten minute drive from my house, and the tea was great. One problem - the overwhelming smell of hot dogs inside. Seriously. Why? I hate that smell, and I didn't see "Iced Tea with Hot Dog Jellies" on the menu. I think they might have been making steamed pork buns, but in any case, the smell totally made me want to vomit. For that reason alone, I knocked off a star. When I got into the car, I could still smell the odor in my hair and on my clothes. In fact, I feel like I'm smelling it now. GROSS! Other than that, it's totally worth a try if you live close and are desperate for some boba. PS- what is up with avocado-flavored boba drinks? Good? Disgusting? Please advise.
4	I was so surprised to see boba in the city that I flipped a bitch in rush hour traffic to go here. This wasn't particularly special boba, but the almond milk tea with boba was delicious and the prices were better than lollicup or any of the places in chandler.
4	Boba in my neighborhood...  Hooray!!!  I don't have to go to Avondale or Chandler.  I have tried the Thai Milk Tea, Avocado smoothie, Lychee smoothie, and a Strawberry smoothie.  All had boba added to them.  Delicious!!!  They have something called boba jelly that you can add to your drink too.  Think tender super soft gummy bears.  Wild, I know right!  I will one day branch out and try the traditional Vietnamese snacks that are sold in Boba Juice.  One day.  One more thing.  You can't beat the prices.
4	I'm happy that FINALLY there is a Boba place that exists IN Cenpho... Take that Avondale, Tempe and Chandler! I don't have to make special trips anymore!I'm also happy that unlike other Boba Tea establishments, Boba Juice's staff (Same family that own's Da Vang) is happy to concoct ANY flavor combo that your mind can come up with... more on this later.Some people may get down and out on the fact that their drinks are made with powder, but heck, where are you to get fresh Mangoes, Durian, Longan, Lychee all year round--and here in Phoenix!? I think powder is the basis of most boba teas/smoothies, so that doesn't bother me. To compete with their competitors, they would just have to do a special of Fresh Avocado special over the weekend. To answer another Yelpers question, Avocado in most Asian cuisine is seen as a dessert ingredient vs. a savory one, so that's why it's always featured highly in Boba Tea Shops. My family would eat Avocado slices with Sweetened Condensed milk. It wasn't until I moved to Phoenix that I saw Avocado's used savory-ly in Guacamole and other Mexican cuisine. If you go to an Asian market, you will find Avocado Ice Cream. It's subtly sweet. Think about it... avocado's in and of themselves are pretty neutral in taste (now I'm wondering why there's no potato ice cream or desserts... googling that after I finish this yelp.)One thing that Boba Juice's competitors DO have over them is their snack menus. Mmm mm, fried snacks compliment a Boba drink quite nicely! Boba Juice does have some mini Vietnamese meals to snack on, so that's interesting but not quite up to par with that just fried goodness. I can say that I had one that had rice cakes with little shrimps and green onions and shredded meat on it and that it was quite tasty with the accompanying Nouc Cham sauce. Oh, and if your friends aren't daring enough for Boba, they have the option of Ice Cream!Now for my flavor suggestions: When in doubt, I always go for Taro--it tastes like you're drinking an Oreo Cookie Smoothie! But actually, my favorite flavor--because it goes better with meals--is Pineapple Lychee... I don't think they have Pineapple... or was it Lychee--in any case, they couldn't make that flavor for me. It's the perfect blend of sweet and a hint of sour (a lot of Boba drinks can be overly sweet.) The only place that made it the way I liked it is no more *tear* (R.I.P. AZN in Mesa).Now for the triple flavor that always gets me a "No" from the other shops... C.T.C. aka Coffee Taro Coconut Smoothie. I cannot take credit for this flavor combo, a friend of mine made it up and it is soooooo delish! Where the other shops tell me "No," when I attempt to order this I evaluate whether I feel more like coconut or coffee and do a 2 flavor combo... but at Boba Juice I don't have to choose--Yippee! (Also note, if you try to order this flavor, they will know you know me somehow;) .... and If you feel more like mocha, you can also try a MTC... I think I still like the original concoction, but to each their own! My last wish is that they give the option of mini boba... I like the texture better! One minor complaint is that I don't know what their hours are... every time I've gone to Da Vang of late (Nov 2009), it's been closed... whether day and night, so that can be a bit mad/saddening especially if you make it a special stop in your day and you find it's closed... Anyone know their business hours? Oh and one last tip: Make sure to bring cash... they may have a card swiper by now, but at first they did not. Better safe than sorry! First time I was scrounging for change in my car compartments I wanted a Boba so bad!
5	I went to this place for the first time today, and really enjoyed it. Besides the awesome juice, they serve vegetarian food. Not just a boring salad, but veg food with mock meats. I can't pronounce the name of the dish but it was good with a mock BBQ pork. All the ingredients were fresh and the portion size was excellent. I will definitely be visiting this place more often.
4	Authentic Vegetarian Vietnamese in AZ! Originally I was saddened when Boba Juice closed, but they recently re-opened and added the word vegetarian to the menu. Glad they fill a niche that needs more options. Talking to the owner they have not Americanized the food and it is Delish! They use a host of faux meats. Everything has been tasty, I want to try one of everything!Though boba has taken a second seat on the menu with pared number of flavors, the smoothies are still unique with flavors like avocado. As a vegetarian for over 20 years I am happy to have Boba Juice on the food scene.
5	I am currently sitting here at my computer eating #28. Which is egg noodles stiryfry with mock shirmp (I cut the mock ham) and I opened my dish up to find, a veggie stacked dish. YUM! Tofu, Baby Corn, Cali flower, Broccoli, mock shrimp, Bell peppers, cabbage, and noodles. Not spicy, which is good because I fear the spice! I found this place driving home and saw "Grand Opening Boba Juice"I threw on the brakes flipped a bitch and went right inThe staff is friendly, and the place is well kept. I was hoping it was going to taste as wonderful and I hoped and I was right. Its great. I will be back. Hooray Central Phoenix for having good boba and good vegetarian food!***I drank the taro smoothie boba. They didn't skimp at all on the boba, was made quickly and tastes good. I wish it was maybe mixed just a little longer because a couple sips were a little powdery but the rest of the drink was awesome!
5	My reviews are few and far between. So when I review, you know its good! First off, this place is clean, Gold Star #1.It is a family owned business and they are super friendly Gold Star #2 The prices! Holy Smurfs! Dirt cheap! Gold Star #3The location is excellent, midtown, and right next to Da Vangs. Same family, most excellent Pho. Gold Star #4The quality, I was impressed, I ordered a Papaya banana boba and I waited unusually longer than I expected to. Why? Because the sweet lady behind the counter was carefully slicing FRESH papaya and bananas into the blender! Thats right. Like a precise surgery, these fruits were handled with such care and love. It is amazing! This earns the final Gold Star. I realize Yelp uses red stars, but in kindergarten it was TOTALLY awesome when you would get a gold star at the end of the week. Thus, I deem this place totally awesome.
5	deeeeeeeelicious vegetarian/vegan food.  simply prepared with plenty of vegetables, not overloaded with gross gluten-y messiness.  super duper cheap.this place is sort of like a vietnamese veggie house, but better.
5	I love this place. I should expand on this thought. No I just love it. But seriously, its close by, the service is friendly, and I have been to other boba spots around town and have not had better since I lived in an Asian country! Good gracious! Where most places use powder mixes, this exquisite little find uses FRESH ingredients! Big deal? Yeah, big deal,  because that's what you get in Japan, my friends! My favorite smoothies are kiwi, taro coconut, mango, and mango banana. The boba itself is always fresh as well! And I have never smelled hot dogs in there. Just FYI =)
5	You have no idea how long I have waited for this!!! How many times have I been to Da Vangs and ordered the #2A-no beef, add tofu? Countless, I tell you! Now it's strictly Boba juice for me! Everything is meatless! Yippie! The avocado boba rocks!!!! I could easily eat here everyday.
5	This place is mind blowingly good. Don't be fooled by the giant Boba Juice sign and think that this is just a little boba joint, or you'll miss out on all of the delicious food.As a vegetarian I get sick of piecing my meal together with meatless side items, or ordering from the one or two mediocre veggie options on the menu. Enter Boba Juice: a glorious, large menu that is solely made up of vegetarian dishes. I get to make a real choice and order what I'm in the mood for, not just what's there.The food is excellent. Fresh herbs, well seasoned noodles, deliciously marinated faux meats. The owner and staff are extremely kind and the service is great.Last time I was in I had the Bun Cha Gio Thit Nuung (#28), which was cold noodles with flavorful bbq soy pork, fresh mint, crushed peanut, bean sprouts and an egg roll on top. The price? $4.95. Add a sweet, refreshing limeade and I'm out for around $7 plus tip. Holy mother, I could eat here daily.
4	This place is really REALLY good.  Everything on the menu is vegetarian, which is awesome.  I've only tried the Mango smoothie, And I've ordered it three times because it is superb.  It's like drinking a Magic marker in the best possible way.  Did you ever want to eat the Magic markers when you were a kid?  I did.  Well, now you can.The vegan pho is delicious.  You get a HUGE bowl of broth with chunks of vegan "meat" of different types: pork, beef, even "tripe," and a big bowl of bean sprouts and mint leaves to add to your soup.  It's fresh and delicious.The place isn't huge on atmosphere, although they have a nice shrine with a very pretty jade tree.  Whenever I've been there, the same song is playing on their tiny CD player on repeat, which gets old.  And the guy who works there cracks me up.  He's really nice, but no matter what you try to order, he'll try to point you towards something similar on the menu he thinks is better.  It's kind of charming, but could be annoying to a certain type of person.Go for the smoothies, go for the food...just go.
5	seriously.  if this place were to move downtown, adopt a more quirky moniker (maybe bamboozled? or perhaps, mock the duck?) they could charge twice as much for half the portions.
5	While living in Phoenix, Tucson and Philadelphia, I've had a lot of really good Pho.  Today I had Pho at Boba Juice for lunch and it's probably the best I've ever had!  The best part is that everything's vegetarian so you don't have to wonder if the broth is vege or not, plus you can get fake meat that is delicious.  The staff is unbelievably nice and the prices are impossible to beat.  Please eat at Boba Juice so they can keep me full and happy for a very long time :)
5	*burp*  Cripes, this was some good food!  Pleasantly full, not like Thanksgiving.  I just HAD to have the #28 noodles.  Rice noodles, with mock pork, and egg roll on top, bean sprouts, lettuce, cucumbers and peanuts.  The bowl was HUGE!!!!!!!!!!!I went with Robert M. and Bacon and they had gotten there before me and had a couple appetizers ordered already.  Two different kinds of spring rolls: shrimp and pork.  This is a vegetarian restaurant, so all the meat was "mock."  Each order had two huge rolls, enough food for the three of us to split.The boys got the #41 - soy chicken speared with lemongrass and a tofu dish.  Everything was delicious!Then, the boba.  I've been a fan of boba forever and am soooooo glad there's a place in CenPho that has it!  Robert and I got the taro and coconut smoothies, with boba.  Bacon had the Chai with boba.  We also got to taste the avocado.  Soooooooo good, I will dream of it more than my last date.  That wasn't even worthy of a nightmare, it was so uneventful.The owner was awesome and took his time to answer questions and explain the dishes and how to eat them.  Did you know that the Buddhist monks do not eat garlic or onions?  It's because they make you horny, and that's not good for monks.  Maybe I should cut those out of my diet, too.Boba.  The drink you can eat!
4	It looked like shrimp and it taste like shrimp but it wasn't shrimp. It looked like chicken and it taste like chicken but it wasn't chicken. It was all tofu and 100% vegan AND it was all amazingly great.  Even Amy's mock pork was surprisingly very pork like and I love pork.  You see, I love meat and it's very seldom that I go a day without meat in any given deal. However, this full "mock" meat experience was pretty cool and enlightening.  Not only was the lil establishment very clean but the owner was super cool and informative.  Although I don't see myself converting to full veganism anytime soon, I'll definitely be back to try a few more vegan-mock meat dishes. Boba Juice is also my new go to place for a much needed icy cold smoothie with boba of course. I've tried a few variations and my favorite is the taro/coconut smoothie, add boba.  I swung by Boba three days in a row for a smoothie and that's a pretty solid indicator that I like the place.  Yay, I am a fan!
5	I really liked this place! You go in and the server is exceptionally nice. He suggested a dish he said would be spicy but it was slightly mild but very flavorful. They use Lemon Grass sticks as the "bone". This place actually rivals my favorite vegetarian restaurant in Portland. The price is right and the food is great! If you're considering not going...GO! Don't be scared off by the ghetto neighborhood and trashy strip mall. This place is a diamond in the rough.
4	Clean...Good Food...Good Boba...Good Service...Good Price...I am a fan!I was on a quest for Boba. Passing this place twice, I was just slightly flustered with my navigating skills when I walked in the door.  Initially I was just going in for some large cold Boba drink, but when I opened the door the owner greeted me, directed me to a chair/table and already had a menu for me. He was very friendly (sincere). How could I say no and well I am never one to turn down the opportunity to try the food at a new place. The restaurant is small and quite clean. I marveled at the curious deserts in the refrigerators and the number of people coming in for drinks and fresh juiced sugar cane beverages. I decided on the #1 spring rolls with tofu and "shrimp" and a crepe stuffed with mung bean sprouts, tofu, "shrimp" (served with mint, lettuce and cucumber). [Both ordered off the Appetizer menu.] Wow! All of it was super fresh. I am far from being a vegetarian ( I love me a nice rare steak now and again), but this was so flavor packed, I didn't miss meat. The "shrimp" was consistent in texture to the real thing and the flavor was pretty close. (Impressed!) On my way out I ordered 2 small Boba drinks. A taro/coconut smoothie, on a recommendation from Robert M., who popped in while I was there and a small almond milk tea.  Mmmmmm!!  The Boba was perfectly done, sweet and nicely chewy.  The quality,  fast and sincerly friendly service will have me coming back over and over again!
5	After craving boba tea for weeks I finally looked it up here and saw this place as the closest. Walking up to the restaurant was a little intimidating because of the outside appearance but once you step indoors its clean and cold. The clerk immediately greeted us and asked if we were here for boba.He was incredibly kind and the entire place felt very welcoming. I got the almond milk tea and Vince G. got the black tea with milk after the clerk's recommendation. Both drinks were perfect and I drank it all instantly. After reading others reviews, I'll be back to try the food! XD
5	Finally a boba shop that has great boba at a great price. Highly, highly recommend this joint. You will not be disappointed.
5	I love Boba Juice. I haven't had the food yet, but the boba tea and smoothies are excellent. They have several smoothie/tea options at a fair price, and the service is excellent. I have to agree with the masses and recommend the taro coconut smoothie. The mango and strawberry banana smoothies are also great.Check it out - you won't be disappointed.
4	Awesome friendly and fast service. The fruits are fresh and the restaurant is extremely clean. You won't be disappointed
5	Their vegan pho and lemongrass "chicken" made my Friday night! It was super affordable and the food was top notch. This will be one of our weekly places now, I am sure!
5	CLOSED :(We went here for lunch today to find it all locked up.  Peering in the windows, we could see all the refrigerators were empty.  We went to ask someone who worked at the Vietnamese restaurant and he said the restaurant was "no more."  SO sad to see this vegetarian/boba joint go!
5	Can't get enough of the boba! So good! Definitely take the time to sit and have some delicious vegetarian food here. You'll love it! Or if that's not your thing... Da Vang is in the same plaza!
5	I cannot believe this place closed )):
