3	I got a groupon for a mani-pedi (shellac) for $40.  Typically I think just the mani alone is $40 with shellac polish. Overall the salon is nice looking and they had a great program for reminding you via email/text of your appointment. Heather did my nails and they turned out really really nice.  It was my first time doing shellac polish and I'm in love. I've had a french mani for 2 weeks now that looks immaculate and shinny - not a single chip.Not the best pampering pedicure ever but it was fine.A few notes: The pedicure chairs are not massage chairs.The manicurist didn't do some things that were mentioned in the groupon: WARMED lotion, an exfoliant, an arm rub.Heather gave me her card for 20% off next shellac so I might do this again, especially since the shellac results are just incredible.
5	I wish I could give them more than 5 stars!!! It takes a lot for me to go back to a salon, especially because I do not have the money to pay for over $20 for a haircut. But, I do not mind returning to the Edge Salon. I used my groupon for an Express Keratin Treatment and my stylist Becca was incredible!!! She was incredibly knowledgeable about the treatment and gave me such great tips. Most importantly, she has CURLY hair and understands how to manage it! After 25 years, I have never found a stylist that really understands what its like to deal with my crazy curls and she did, gave me tips on it and suggested types of products that I could use to manage them. She was very clear as to not PUSH the product on me, but merely just as a suggestion. I may have, for the first time, found a stylist that I completely trust. I cannot wait to return for my haircut and color!
5	Book with Bill!! He's can sense what I want despite my rambling explanations, and carries it out to perfection!
5	I am fairly new to the Phoenix area and I searched widely for a salon which can understand how important my "hair look" is to me.  They carry the products I really want and work for my hair.  They are the most courteous and friendly bunch, it feels as if i'm getting together with friends.  They always go out their way to be able to meet my limited schedule.  They are most attentive to my hair and have provided service above and beyond.  Rick is my color specialist and worked with me to find the right color fit.  It worked so well that friends, who are also hair stylists have commented how great and natural my color looks, this was so important to me.  And lastly and also importantly I don't feel as if I'm braking the bank, their fees are very reasonable.  Thank you all for my beautiful look!  See you next appt.
5	Like most women, I am extremely picky when it comes to my hair. Tonya not only puts up with me,  she some how exceeds my expectations every time.  So, whether you want a touch up or a new look the incredibly talented stylists at The Edge can handle it all.  If you're stopping in for a quick pick me up, I highly recommend Tonya or Rick for a blow out.   All women know that nothing feels better than pampering yourself and The Edge's affordable prices make it possible.  Their esthetician Kay gives the most amazing facials and is a brow expert.  She extremely knowledgeable and refreshingly genuine in providing help.  So if you have any questions about your skin I recommend speaking with Kay.  Also, keep an eye out for their great groupon specials.  Their product prices are already amazing but every dollar counts.
5	My first experience with the Edge Salon was fantastic.  From scheduling my appointment over the phone to walking out with a great cut/style, it felt as though I was taken care of by people who care.I moved from MD in September and finding a salon is something I have been dreading.  I cut my hair a couple months ago (just to be done with the length), but I wasn't really satisfied with the results...other than my hair was shorter.I walked into my appointment ready to cut off all my hair.  It was frizzy, no style, and I was done with it.  Emily, was willing to do what I asked, but talked to me a bit about what I was trying to get out of my hair, and then we settled on a solution (and hair care plan) to satisfy what I really wanted.  Emily set to work on my hair with undivided attention, and even consulted on products that might help me (curly hair can be a pain!) tame my mane.  The results are fantastic!  I feel better about my hair than I have in months.  I am also looking forward to seeing everyone in March for my next appointment.
5	I'm very picky about my hair and usually nervous about going to the salon, but with the Edge, I never fear! I've been there several times seeing different stylists and have never been disappointed. Unfortunately I live in California now and can't go back regularly but if I could I would. If you are new in town, or in search of a salon that's not hit-or-miss...check this place out!  We need an Edge in CA ASAP :)
5	I visited The Edge salon for a haircut yesterday. What a great experience! Making the appointment was very easy and the front desk guy was extremely nice and helpful. I got a terrible haircut from somewhere else a few months ago and I needed a good fix... Emily was my stylist and she was very nice. She asked me questions and took her time to find what I wanted. She gave me a great cut and actually listened to what I wanted, yay! My hair looks great and I will definitely be returning.
5	First time here! I got a little lost on the way there so I called in and Randy gave me specific directions to get me back on track! He was very helpful!When I got there he greeted me by name and asked if I'd like something to drink and he got me some coffee :) he was very attentive and friendly! My stylist was Christina who is somewhat new to the business! She was great and helped guide me to what I wanted and gave me plenty of options! She made great conversations and was interested in me and what I liked to do! Very customer focused!They are getting ready to move over to San Tan Village in between Barnes and Noble & Brio which is perfect for me because its even closer to home!Bottom line, my experience was great and I will definitely go back!
4	Emily is amazing....great cut and she listened to what
5	I recently moved from Orange County,California and was more nervous about finding a stylist than finding a doctor.  I walked into The Edge Salon and was warmly greeted by Randy, who promptly got Rick for me and now after three visits, I feel like family!  Rick is a master of color and cut and he's a lot of fun! Their new location in San Tan Village is gorgeous and they're open seven days a week!
5	I love this salon!!! I love Chenda, who's been my stylist for about 6 years now, I love Randy, who always greets me with a smile and a hug when I walk in the door, and I love Kay, the esthetician who gives the best facials on the planet. Seriously, I'd move in if I could.
4	The gentleman that works the front desk is by far the perfect example of what incredible customer service truly is! Very accommodating and just warm and welcoming, I can't even rave enough about him. I went in for a facial with Michelle and she was great! My first facial so nothing to compare to but I thought it went well. A little pricey for my liking, $75 for one hour, I plan to come back and just get the 30 minute facial for $35 which is more in my budget.  Overall, great experience! Highly recommend.
