4	While Vegas these days is primarily known for facsimile star-chef restaurants and "god knows how they manage to sell a $3 'prime' rib dinner" this place is a top notch bakery in its own right.As soon as you walk in, you can see that they mean business, as if you peek behind the displays you'll see that the bakery itself takes up four times the space of the retail section.  I came in with some local friends and their 3 year old and immediately she says "what's that smell?  mmmm"  Guess that passes the second test. In any case, I had a cheese danish that was just the perfect balance of crust, soft fresh dough, and sweet filling.  I'm not even sure that I can find such a bakery in my home town of San Francisco.  Sure, there are a number of fancy "patisserie" places, but fewer traditional bakeries of this caliber.  They also had an array of various breads and other sweet pastries in the American/European tradition.However, the best part of this visit was that I had my apple turnover, Danish, and cinnamon stick all at around 1:30PM...no need to wake up extra early for fresh baked, since the stuff moves so quickly out of the door that they keep the ovens going constantly.  For a town not often known for "real" food...this place is an oasis in the desert.
3	UPDATE 3/21/07: Great Buns was destroyed by fire last night -- http://www.KVBC.com/Global/story.asp?s=6258469---------Hidden in the back of a little industrial park, the amusingly named Great Buns Bakery specializes in fresh-baked breads. I should warn you that there's nothing artisanal about this place; it's a large-scale operation, with all the baking done on site in a thoroughly charm-free industrial bakery. One of the employees told us that they supply bread to "90% of the restaurants" in the area, and there certainly were dozens of pallets of rolls and loaves stacked up right on the retail floor, tagged with the names of local shops and eateries. But 'big' doesn't necessarily mean 'bad': The breads I've tried all taste great -- the ciabatta in particular - and the prices are competitive. We picked up a loaf of day-old bread for $0.99 today, and it tasted just fine. I'll just ignore the fact that all the staff wear aprons that say "Keep your hands off my Great Buns".
4	I work for PBS and when we have our pledge drives, Great Buns brings the volunteers goodies.  Well, sometimes the volunteers don't eat all their goodies (what.  the.  eff.  what's the point in volunteering then?  feeling good?  BAH!) and guess who gets the leavin's?  That's right!  Little ol' me!Their stuff is always great.  I mean, it beats the Costco cupcakes the IT guy brings in (not that I DON'T eat those....).  They don't compare to Freed's, but really what does?  I had a cupcake today that was chocolaty and moist and really helped with the whole PMS thing.  The coconut glob in the middle, however, was pretty grosstastic but I HATE coconut.  I've had croissants from them among other random bread products and everything's always flavorful, fresh and well textured.And usually there's no random roaming coconut.
5	I went based on Laura D's recommendation and this could be the equivalent to bread heaven!  One thing my wife has been commenting/complaining about has been the lack of quality bakeries off the strip.  Well...she plans on coming here at least once a week now.  We just went with the baguette ($1.40), a cinnamon roll,  and a mixed bag of bagels.  The bagels were just ok but I am spoiled after living in NYC but the first 2 were fantastic.  I guess I am going to have to start running more often!
5	Great Buns on Tropicana is re-opened!
4	The place smells wonderful.  The selection runs to mostly white flour breads and a few sweet items.  The bagels are decent--not water bagels, but there doesn't seem to be anywhere in Vegas that makes REAL bagels.
5	The Great Buns on Sahara is no longer a Great Buns.  They have re-opened the store on Tropicana and the Sahara location is a different company (don't be fooled by the similar name).  So, go to Tropicana to get your Great Buns!This is a great place to get fresh made baked goods and the prices are great!  If I lived in Vegas, I'd get all my baked good here!
5	Great Buns is back!!!They were closed due to a fire, but they are back.  This place is definitely worth the extra stop to get some great baked goods!The baked goods you get at the high end restaurants on the strip are available to take home with you.  Everything I've had there is fresh and the price is competitive, if not cheaper and the freshness is uncomparable to what you get at your standard grocery store.
5	My Mother in Law took me to Great Buns. It was so busy that day. I can see why. Their bread is really tasty and very reasonable. I brought home a bag of buns and my husband said they were the best he ever had. A couple of days ago he went on his own and he asked one of the girls what their farm bread was. She told him it had no sugar added to it and it was whole grain. He brought home a bag and it was so good that he and I are both spoiled now. We don't want to eat any other bread. You really should try their farm bread. It is really tasty. We even have it with our dinner. Put a little butter or margarine on it and it is just to die for! DELICIOUS! My Mother in law likes their bundt cakes. She bought half of  a raspberry one and half of a pineapple one. I am dieting but I have to tell you it took  A LOT of will power to turn it down. They look so good. We will definitely be going back to Great Buns. I highly recommend this place if you are looking for tasty bread and great bargains. Hope this review helps you. Mary
4	Great buns before the fire was mediocre at best, now fast forward post fire and it is turning out some of the best bread in town, the day old section is better than most markets fresh stuff, and only $1. 50 a bag. you cannot be in a hurry here, the staff is still working at pre-fire pace, when the place was not so busy. Put up with the seniors running the register and fill your  white paper bag up with fresh crunchy delicious Bread. Not a pastry shop. Everything bagel...
4	The tasty enemy of the ever so popular Atkins diet and honestly i dont care! I think i workout enough to treat myself to the simple pleasure of this lovely concoction called BREAD! I use to be a regular at the location that was on West Sahara and then it closed down in place of Nothing Bundt Cakes which im not totally a fan of. I was sad to say the least given that i loved to get a fresh loaf at the beginning of the week to make my brown sack lunch for work during the week. Thank god for Yelp, and thanks to Rachel below for posting a recent review to where i noticed another location in Vegas, and i just came from there as i chomp on some sourdough as i type. The same fresh, soft, crusty, yummy bread! and how do you beat the deals on the $1.50 day old rack also (great place to get rolls for dinner party's by the way). They also have great bagels if you do the bring bagels to work thing, and what i use to use them for as well was the larger baked items like the almond rings, cakes or even the strudels for dinner party's or even office appreciation gifts for people to enjoy. I mean sure donuts, pizza, etc is ok but mix it up a bit and get something different once and a while. If you appreciate a good loaf of bread with dinner, or even croissant with your morning coffee you should definitely give Great Buns a look as it will not disappoint.
3	If you go there try the bavarian cupcake its the best and their garlic bread is good too.
5	Went here on my way to work today to mix it up a bit from the normal routine! Oh my any diet I planned on starting is now out the window! I have driven by this place for years and never stopped!When I walked in the aroma was wonderful..I was kind of a deer in headlights since I had never been and everywhere I looked was bread, delicious bread!They had a large wall of day old bread for 1.49$ a bag, I didn't look closely but I plan to on my next visit! They had bins of bagels and rolls and all kinds of other bread that you could by per piece or by the dozen. I think I even spied bread bowls which will be fab come winter! They had Danishes and cinnamon rolls that were seriously the size of a salad plate!They require a minimum 5.00 purchase to debit and since I really was just planning on grabbing something for breakfast I had to alter my plan a bit..I got 5 Sesame Bagels, a mini chocolate swirl pound cake and a chocolate coconut muffin..for $5.60!The only thing I have tried so far is the muffin, it is like a macaroon and a cake like brownie had a love child! At first I thought it was a tad dry but when I got to the center my opinion changed!The bagels and loaf cake I have hidden in my office..I know it's sad I should probably share and I promise I did learn it in Kindergarten..but I am going to take them home to enjoy with my family tonight!The woman who worked the counter was very pleasant and asked how I found out about them since I let her know it was my first time..I told her Yelp and I drive by often on my way to work! She said she had heard of YelpAll in All..it was a great place and next time I plan to look around even more..
5	Great Buns Bakery, an uber-popular, family-owned bakery (three generations) is known for its wide variety of fresh baked breads and goods at very low prices (less than 50 cents each). Tucked in the back of a strip mall, it's also a major supplier to casinos across the city- so you may have already had the rolls- maybe you've seen the funny depiction of a well endowed backside/buns on a baker/mascot, on the delivery trucks. Closed sunday. Day old bread is marked down on a tall rack on your right as you enter the bakery (so cheap, making it harder to resist). Different size buns, assorted rolls, baguettes, bagels, coffee cake, and assorted pastries are among the long list of available freshly baked goods. If you were planning to make sandwiches, the possibilities are endless. It's self service with the breads, complete with tongs, baggies, and ties. You get the pastries at the counter, where you pay. Also available here are black and white cookies (my husband likes this version better than Freed's)- but this one sells out pretty fast.This is not the place for you if you're trying to avoid carbs. It's hard for us to buy bread in large quantities (unless we freeze it) since it's just the two of us. But it's great for large families, parties, especially a barbeque since it's budget friendly ($5 gets you a lot here). Get here early for the best selection (mon-sat 7 am to 5 pm) and know that this place is very popular with the older set- we're usually the youngest ones here, besides some staff. After all, it's the best place to get fresh baked bread in the entire city- non-Asian, anyway. The staff is busy but still remain friendly and pleasant. This location burned down and was rebuilt a few years ago- it's the phoenix of bakeries. Long live Great Buns!
3	Mediocre mass produced and flavorless. The quality lacks. But the variety had potential from dinner rolls to muffins to baguettes they're all here.I got muffins and a mini bundt cake. The muffins didn't taste fresh--I might as well have bought it pre-packaged at the grocery. The bundt cake was horribly dry.No can do.
5	Now THIS is a bakery! Evyerhing seems as if it's made in-house. You walk in and the smell of fresh bread and pastries hits you in the face. It's awesome. You can even see the huge bakery thru an entrance near the front. I had a few of the cookies and they were really good. Everything seems as if the little old ladies that work there made it all by hand (until you see the big machines in the back! lol). Even the signs for the displays look like Grandma made them and the bread that's just a day old is deeply discounted...all the women there seems as if they've been working there for years and were very polite. This beats Wal*Mart for sure!
5	A few years ago this place was burnt down if I remember correctly. It was rather sad going there one day and just seeing the blacken reminisce of a great bakery. It is nice to see that they have rebuilt and have become bigger without losing the quality of their product. My family and I always loved their French bread. We buy it to go with curries or Vietnamese beef stew. There is something special about this bread. It has a nice crispy flaky outside while the center is moist and spongy. Perfect for soaking up all the wonderful flavors of whatever dish you are eating.Their rolls are also great if you want to make Vietnamese subs. They are a little bit more pricey then a supermarket, but the quality is unsurpassed. I am glad that it is a bit of a drive otherwise I might be the size of a house.
2	Boring, ordinary, mass-produced breads and baked goods. Typicial American supermarket fare. In fact, they are a production bakery.What's actually sad, is too see how many people give this place a high rating. Very little in the way of QUALITY bakeries in Las Vegas, thus when presented with few choices, they do seem ok.
5	Love this place!!
5	I have always been pleased with most of the products they offer here. From the bread to the pastry, all have been very good. Dinner rolls- I always get this when I'm here. They are best when toasted and they sort of continue to cook because they almost steam, kind of hard to explain what happens exactly. None the less,  a nice crunch forms outside and the inside is moist and soft. They use to sell mini ciabata, which were absolute divine. Unfortunately they only sell their normal size ciabata which aren't as good. They are actually sort of dry. Hopefully they bring them back some day In addition to the great products the costumer service here is great. They are always friendly at the cash register. Once I was in 2 minutes after they closed and the door was locked and allowed me to come in just as long as I knew what I was getting. I work in a retail store and we absolutely hate late comers.
5	Ran into this place on a whim and a suggestion by a friend. I came by really itching for a sweet pastry to get me thinking in the morning and was completely taken by surprise here. I imagined a mom and pop shop with a name as cute as "great buns"  but actually found a full industrial bakery inside. There is so much bread in there, I couldn't wrap my mind around it. Forced to make some choices, I picked out a berry danish, flat bread with jalapeno cheese, pound cake, and a blueberry muffin. Best danish I have ever bitten into! Crisp on the outside, soft and fluffy on the inside. The berry filling was not overly sweet or overwhelming, just right. The muffin could have used some more berries though, but the actual muffin cake was also sweet and fluffy.All of this for less than nine bucks! I couldn't believe it - that only gets you a drink and a slice of pastry at Starbucks. This is the only place I'll go for bread products from now on.
5	I saw this place by accident after taking my family to IHOP for breakfast while visiting Las Vegas. On a whim, I went in and took a look around. What I found was a yeasty heaven of goodness inside of a busy bakery. They had just about every bread that can be thought of. I bought and enjoyed the mini pound cakes (moist and delicious), sourdough bread and farmers bread. The customer service was delightful. I will go back and buy another car trunk of bread next time I am in the area. GO and try it!!!
4	Mini Guava pastries- Hell yeah!!!!!!!They are so melt in your mouth yummers.....TRUST ME - TRY ONE BEFORE YOU DIE!!!!!!After that intro if you can believe it, I do like other goodies here.....The white chocolate cranberry dinner rolls are delish!!!!I love all the fresh bread here - good texture - perfect with a good slab of butter- Heaven!!!!Oh, and I can't forget to mention the prices- so darn affordable - it's like $2.00 for a dozen rolls and like 80 cents for a Guava Pastry.They also make good bundt cakes.They used to do birthday cakes but I was told not anymore- they should make them again.All in all Great Buns Bakery is a Great Bakery and I'm glad that they survived that fire a few years ago.I can't wait to go get me some mini Guava Pastries......
5	Don't let the logo on the door freak you out. It's a drawing of the backside of a fat baker with enormous BUTTOCKS while he (or she, god help her) is bending over an oven.  It was good for a smile.Then I went inside and was in the bakery version of Disneyland. Too many choices.  I was on vacation and staying in a hotel room.  What was I going to get?  Because I could have bought out the store.  I settled on an everything bagel, a soft pretzel, a cheese roll and a sourdough roll.All of them were fantastic.  I wish there was a joint like this in my neighborhood.  Maybe it's best there isn't.  Because maybe my buns would look like the logo.If you live in Vegas, go there for bread.  You'd be crazy not to.If you're out of town and driving home, stop there on the way.  You can nibble the crunchy crusts on that boring drive back to So Cal.  It'll make the time go by faster.Note to the owners:  If you can, try and sell some butter and cream cheese on site.  You'd be doing us a big favor!
5	Thanks a lot.  Great Buns has basically ruined me.  The pastries I have tried so far have all been wonderfully flaky and delicious.  The breads and rolls... I am in love.  and so many different choices.  All of them wonderfully crusty, soft and delicious.Awesome, just awesome. Did I even mention the prices?  My goodness, there is still such a thing as getting your moneys worth!  This bakery is the best thing I have come across in a while here in Vegas.  Even if I don't need bread.  If I happen to be driving by and they are open.  You will find me in there!
5	Uggg, sooo goood! Glad they're across town from me. I mean, its so good that, even though I'm gluten-sensitive, I will make an exception when I'm in the area to stop by and get one of their round cinnamon pastry things. For those of you into a bready free-for-all, this is your place. They have countless varieties of all things wheat/pastry/cake. Service is great. Prices are cheapppp!Get that round cinnamon pastry. Trust.
4	The white chocolate raspberry bread/loaf is AMAZING!! I made a grilled cheese with it (yeah you heard me right, a grilled cheese,) and it was beyond phenomenal, angels sang, the clouds parted, doves flew so forth and so on. I would give Great Buns 5 stars just because that bread was sooo good, but unfortunately the dinner rolls (I bought white chocolate and olive,) were a bit on the dry and bland side. I went right before closing so maybe I'll give them another chance when they're fresh. I was told they bake twice a day so bread is fresh at 7am and 4pm. The other reason they don't get the extra star: they told me someone was held up by a crazy with a knife in front of the store last week (um, what?!!) I don't like to fear for my life when I pick up baked goods, but maybe that's just me.
5	Where I have been, or rather, why haven't I been in here before now?  Just walking in the door, I knew my eyes grew bigger than my stomach and I was putting items in the basket quickly.  There were too many items to enjoy today, but we managed to make a few select choices, the items were all fresh, smelled heavily and looked beautiful. There were many people shopping today, the line for check out was double on both sides.  Prices seem reasonable, the quality and freshness is perfect, a good place for yummy breads, rolls, and pastries.
4	Probably the best, fresh bakery on this side of town.  The lines can get a little long and the staff lacks a little urgency at times but worth the wait.
5	I love bread and great buns have lots of it. Super fresh and delicious. The best deal is the day old bread, but you have to get there early. I freeze most of it, thaw it in the bag and warm it up in the oven, It gets warm on the inside and crusty on the out. its a million times better than what you'll get at a grocery store.
4	Only if all places were actually great, like their name states. This place I found is great. You walk in and immediately know by the aroma they are baking everything fresh. They seem to have every type of bread imaginable, from classic French bread to bagels to artisan raisin Rye bread. For pastries, they had Bundt cakes, cookies, muffins, cupcakes, and much more.I went and grabbed a couple bagels, and after eyeing the pastries, I purchased the Black & White Cookie, chocolate Bavarian cupcake with white chocolate, and a banana Bundt cake.My grand total - less than $6.00. Sweet!The employees were pretty busy but very friendly, even when I asked pestering questions about what's popular in their store. There were a good number of customers buying enormous amounts of bread. I guess things sell out. Not hard to believe.The bagels I tried were cinnamon raisin & sesame, and they were soft and delicious. I wanted to love the pastries just as much, but I didn't care for them, sadly. Very sweet frostings with not-so-good batter. Weird after-taste after a bite of the Bundt cake. :( I thought my experience at first gave Great Buns more than 5 stars easy. Even though I was disappointed by the pastries, I believe maybe the other items were fully capable of being delicious, just as the bagels were. I'll definitely be going back, hopefully giving an updated rating of 5 stars the next time!
5	I love this place and you can't beat $1.59 day old bread that is ten times better than the grocery stores.
5	They have the best bread, pastries in town. Fresh Bread daily. Price reasonable and friendly cashiers/assistants.
5	Where do you go when it's your turn to host the monthly meeting?  Great Buns!The Almond Ring is a favorite (try heating a slice in the microwave for about 15 seconds for awesomeness) - it's not too sweet and oh-so-fresh.  For this festive occasion I also picked up the gi-gan-to cinnamon buns, mini croissants, and powder sugared cinnamon twists.  Ahhhhh.....  makes me happy just thinking about the yummy plates of goodness we displayed.The prices are great too!  Enjoy...
5	After my husband heard about the great yum-yums and $$ at Great Buns, he perused their website and texted me about 7 different things he wanted to try.  Ha! Ha!We narrowed it down to two:  pineapple upside down cake and the cherry crumb cake and I picked them up on Friday, December 7th.The pineapple upside down cake was, I hear, a HIT at my sister's house last night (my super sweet man brought me home a piece which I'm preparing to taste after my tea is ready).  What I can tell you right now, is that it is dense, looks amazing, and unbelievably priced at $11.00 (I rounded up a few cents).The cherry crumb cake was wonderful!  It's amazing the difference you can taste in fresh pastries.  What I love about Great Buns is their pastries aren't too sweet, and they were very generous with the cherries in this crumb cake.I also picked up some rolls for hamburgers.  Again, I love the difference you taste when you're easting fresh bread.  The rolls were fresh, large, soft but not mushy, and a good deal at $2.49 for a dozen especially considering the quality.Isn't it great we have so many scrumptious bakeries to enjoy?
2	We usually love this place and had told so many friends about it but today was not a good experience.  I had brought a friend to the store with me today because they do a buy one get one half price late for pastries on Saturdays. When we arrived at 3:45 they told us and several other people in the store including 2 pregnant women and several elderly women that the half price deal would not be until 4:00. At 4 we got back in line and waited to place our order.  When we made it to the front they decided to change the time to 4:15.  One of the elderly ladies said they had originally told her 3:45.  We were so fed up with the constant changing of time that we just left.  If your going to give a time then you should honor it!! Not keep changing your mind.  Very disappointed.
5	I believe this is one of the best bakery's in town! Every time I go there the staff is so helpful and nice. The baked goods from breads to pastry's are fresh and absolutely delicious! The quality & the prices are outrageously great! I have never been disappointed with a purchase at Great Buns!
4	Went here for the first time the other day after finding it on Yelp.  So many delightful options to choose from as I walked around the store.  Finally decided and bought the HUGE Apple Strudel, a couple of Chocolate Croissants, Apple Danish and a couple of mini Caramel Apple pastries.  Everything we tried was delicious and the pastries were so light and flaky.  Will definitely return when I'm back in town next month.
4	I like Great Buns and I cannot lie. I don't have great buns. If I eat here too much I might have great big buns though. A girl can dream, right?Back to the bakery. Great Buns is really great. Great prices: $1.65 for pastries the size of the Sun$.60 bagels $.95 Black and White cookies. These are my favorite because surprisingly they are a normal size unlike most deli ones and quite tasty, too. Great flavor. Everything is homemade and you can taste it. Am I a huge fan of the cheese danish? No. The pastry part tastes like pure butter if that's your thing. Also the Loch Ness Monster could be swimming in the tasty cheese part because there's just so damn much of it. You need floaties just to make your way through it. Every other item I've tried I love. Especially the coffee cakes. You cannot beat their taste and value. Perfect to bribe coworkers with or sabotage their fight to fit in that bikini. Great Service- I am not going to say they are great, but hey, they give me my sweets at a killer price. That's enough service for me. Only reason this isn't a five star for me is because of the Everything Bagel. Here is why. The bagel doesn't seem to have that strong salt flavor or garlic kick. It has tons of toppings, just not the ones that make Everything my drug of choice. Do I still get one every single time I'm here? What do you think? Also, they do not have cream cheese for sale. Annoying. FYI. This is a grab and go bakery. No seats.I hope I still sold this bakery to you because it is worth a visit or 500. Don't act like you don't like some Great Buns.
5	A locally-owned bakery, so you're starting out with 3 stars of course. They have a great selection there - everything from dinner rolls to bagels to donuts to sandwich bread to all sorts of pastries. The pastries range from full-size to individual, and are mostly delicious, from what I've tried. They always have a great selection, and are always churning out more from the back (this is a serious bakery, and they provide lots of breads to local restaurants).I always get the pastries, so I can't comment too much on the regular breads, but I know pastry prices are really good. You can get mini-strudels for like 50 or 60 cents, or a big danish for about $1.50. You fix your own bag and then check out at the register, so it's pretty fast, but it does lack some of that charm you may get in a smaller place. They are running specials all the time, especially on weekends when they lower the price on whatever is left over.Ambience is like that of an actual commercial bakery, which is cool, but don't expect to sit down on the patio and eat your pastries while sipping a latte...definitely more of a to-go place.Overall, I love Great Buns: selection, prices, taste, service, and location. They are definitely my go-to for special occasion breads!
4	Finally made it to Great Buns.  It has been on my bakeries to try list for awhile.  I got a cheese danish, cinnamon roll and cannoli.  Everything was good.  Cinnamon roll being my favorite.  Jamie W is right about the cheese danish, sooo much cheese.    It was hard to eat it was so messy.  I liked it though.  Prices are super cheap and the ladies working the register were friendly.  Looking forward to going back and trying some of their bread and other items.
5	I could go crazy in this place. It's cheap and there's so much to choose from. There's Danishes, pastries, cupcakes, breads, pastas in the freezer etc. I didn't get to try the bread yet, but I had tried a banana cake and black and white cookie. Both of which were yummy. Did I mention the great prices? I do plan to go back to buy some fresh baked bread to try next time.
5	This place is like a crack haven for sweet-toothed folks like me.  Wow.  While the ambience is lacking in cutesy charm, like many a cupcake shop or cafe, the selection and value are off the hook.  Yesterday, I chose a black-and-white cookie, the Bavarian cream cupcake, a mini marble pound cake, and a ginormous cinnamon roll.  That all came to just over $5.  Crazy!  Everything was really good and everything was devoured within about an hour.  The process for selecting your sweet somethings is easy: walk in, inhale, grab a plastic bag and grab whatever strikes your fancy.  Walk over to the cashier and pay for your goodies.  Eat and enjoy.  Repeat as necessary.I WILL be back to try the artisan bread!
2	This place does not have management? ! They were busy as hell,and slow,slow,slow,slow that was just killing me,I love the bread it is really good but  personal it slow .I give 5 start for the bakery  and 0000000 start for the SLOW SLOW Employees, and instead of helping to ring up the costumers they were doing other stuff and OWNER PUT ATTENTION TO YOUR BUSINESS!
5	I can't say enough great things you will find here.......if you time it right, warm from the oven. Apple horns that taste like fall, croissants that melt in your mouth, fresh cannoli and even homemade chocolate cupcakes with crime filling! A must do for the holidays. And, they still make fresh hot cross buns for Easter .  Love the staff, the ladies are great, answering questions or slicing a loaf of fresh baked bread for you. Definitely a 10 out of 10 for me!
5	This place is a carb lover's dream come true! I don't get here often but it is so worth it. When I came in, they were out of butter croissants. I waited as I was told more would be on the way. As soon as they dropped the tray, I was all over it. I got a box and filled it up. Nothing beats fresh bread. I devoured it in the car while still in GB's parking lot. Yes, that was me stuffing my face. The rich, buttery, layers of this fresh croissant is worth the hour on the treadmill. I have purchased other breads here as they are so fresh and affordable but the croissant is what keeps me coming back. My bf loves their coconut macaroons. They are pretty tasty. Crispy on the outside, just the way I like it. They also have chocolate dipped macaroons too. Love this place!
5	All I can say is just walk in this place and I dare you not to buy something.  Great sour dough.  If you like NY Bagels, don't get these.  They are more briochey than bagelly if you get what I mean.
5	Bread, cookies, pastry, cakes and pies. We've tried very nearly everything at Great Buns and it's all good! The service/atmosphere is fun... Like a old world market in Europe. I just can't say enough about how good everything is but the crazy part... The prices are very reasonable. If you've ever enjoyed top quality baked goods in one of the many high end Vegas restaurants, there is a very good chance you've eaten a Great Buns product... They obviously serve a very long list of wholesale customers. You'd think that a massive operation like Great Buns would be relatively cold to individual retail customer suggestions but that is not the case... They are warm and engaging. I would go here even as a tourist staying on the Strip... You will not get out the door without a load of great stuff!
5	This place is amazing. Accidentally spent way more than I wanted to.  Fair pricing.  Am going to be a regular customer.
5	I personally love this bakery but it is too far away!!  From bakery to bakery you will find that the sugar content changes even when comparing what you think are "like" products. For instance, a cream puff, if you are at a french bakery the cream puff may look the same but they generally go lighter on the sugar ingredient so you may even be able to detect a slight egg taste in the pastry, Jewish bakeries and Mexican bakeries also tend to go lighter on the sugar so although it is a tasy treat I often walk away thinking it was good but I have had better. Great Buns bakes the way I like it. The Cream Puffs a light and fluffy and sweet like I believe a dessert should be. Not sugary, mind you, just sweet and delicious. Obviously there are bakeries that have slightly changed their recipes to meet the American sweet tooth market and this is one of those bakeries.As an extra bonus, if you call them and tell them you are looking for a certain treat such as a Napolean, if they don't have them available that day they will try to accomodate your request by making them the following day or day after.  They have always been wonderful about trying to fill your sweet tooth cravings for you.  BTW Napoleans are very hard to find around town and theirs are to die for!!  Call ahead and make sure you arrive on a day they have Napoleans available. You will not be disappointed... :)
5	Fresh breads and pastries daily at fantastic prices.  I also peek at the day olds whenever I can.  Their breads always have the correct textures and that lovely yeasty smell.
5	Love the bread! Been coming here since I was a child. The breads here they make are good and always fresh! Also its cheap to buy then markets. When you just want to buy one dozen of bread, next thing you do is buying two more dozens. Great staffs.
5	Exceeded our expectations! Very cheap, very fresh, very high quality. You'd be hard pressed to find anything better! We returned to stock up before our trip was over, bought a few more cheese danish (we know better now that we should each get our own), and opted for a large loaf of the white chocolate raspberry bread this time to bring back home. So good!
5	Very clean place and has a ton of different options to get. The first time I was there I got gnocchi and pound cake. The lady I talked to must have been new because she told me to bake them in the oven? Yeah...no. The next time I went I asked the lady (different) one and she said that you boil them,which was what I assumed. Very nice helpful staff. And tasty food!
4	This is not your gourmet bakery, but more your bread store bakery with lots of varieties.  I drove past this for years and never stopped.  Didn't realize what exactly it was.  For me, the main thing is lots and lots of rolls and bread and you don't have to buy by the quantity at the store.  You fill your own bag with whatever you want.  They also had a very nicely priced item of the week.  Mainly I liked the buns (hoagie, sesame, etc) and I also got a bag of the dinner basket bread steakhouses have.  It seems to me this is what they do....make the bread for restaurants, but let the public come in to buy them.  I bought those raisin/nut rolls and they were awesome.  As well as the onion rolls.  They have these thumbprint cookies 4/$1 by the register and they are pretty darn tasty.  I tried a bagel and they were okay.  Good, not great.  I am still looking for a great bagel here.  Some of their "gourmet" items were under par.  For me, the goodness was in having the staples at a good price and getting a variety or the quantity you wanted.  I am still trying different things, but glad I finally went in this place.  I love a good cinnamon roll, but they looked dry and bland.  I didn't get one because they didn't look good.  Not sure why others are saying they were divine.
4	I can't believe I've never been in here. It smells amazing! They have everything from bagels to desserts, sourdough bread bowls and different types of sandwich breads. I got a mini caramel apple turnover. It was delicious!We also got a loaf of fresh sourdough sandwich bread.They make everything right there in the store. Staff was friendly and helpful.$5 minimum purchase to use a debit card.
4	Wanted something sweet after a pleasing meal at Sammy's L.A. Pastrami. Looked to Yelp for a nearby place and came upon Great Buns Bakery. The first thing noticeable was the overwhelming aroma that floods your senses. The fresh smell of baked goods was so pleasing and a great indicator to what I was about to consume. I wanted sweets so went straight for the raspberry Danish, an apple turnover, two rocky road brownies, a cinnamon roll and two muffin tops. Had a taste of everything and they were superb! My favorite was the rocky road brownies and muffin tops. Definitely fulfilled my sweet tooth :)It is worth mentioning that more than half of the huge store was making fresh bread such as loafs, rolls etc. If I were in the market for some I'm sure those would have been great as well. It sure smelled fantastic! Would definitely go again!
2	Items Tasted:Sour Cream Cake SamplesAlmond CroissantRaspberry TartPecan RollBlack & White CookieMini Apple StrudelPretzel RollOpened in 1982 and baking fresh bread on East Tropicana for more than ten hours a day from Monday through Saturday since 1988 it was finally on Saturday morning that I made my way to Great Buns Bakery and although often exalted by locals as some of the Valley's best bread my experience unfortunately proved average at best, the high-scale production and bargain basement prices harkening ingredients and methods no more impressive than that of the average corner store.  Owned and operated by "4th generation bakers" per the in-store propaganda and prominently displaying its New York-Italian roots in several of its offerings it was to a quarter-full store that I arrived just moments shy of 9:30 and with elderly servers otherwise occupied I took my time to peruse, the largely automated operation whirring in the background as several younger staff members took turns restocking shelves.  Treated to samples of crumbly sour-cream cake on the backside of the counter as I wandered past a pair of chillers it was only after ten minutes that I finally crafted my order and although neither the red velvet cupcakes nor cornbread I'd desired were yet ready a half-dozen items tallying $7.26 were soon boxed and ready to go, my first taste of a still-warm pretzel roll enjoyed as I exited the shop originally giving me hope of things to come but eventually proving to be the only standout of the bunch.   Clearly not expecting the quality of Bouchon or Bonjour given the obvious discrepancy in price and production it was after a short drive and with coffee in hand that my sampling continued and starting small with an entremet of apple strudel the taste simply fell flat, a dry puff pastry with artificial tasting filling that carried right over a slightly superior tart again compromised by a core I'm rather certain was Smucker's supplied.  At this point with expectations decidedly dwindling it was into a soft almond croissant that teeth tore and discarding more than half of the doughy debacle before tasting a fairly forgettable black & white cookie I thankfully found some solace in the sticky pecan bun with ample notes of butter beneath a lacquer of cinnamon-sugar drizzled nuts.
4	This place has awesome stuff! Everything is good. From their pastries, to bagels, to buns, you can't go wrong here. Would be a five-star review if it wasn't for some of the ladies who work here most of them are super nice. Some of them, however, need a little lesson in customer service. I own a restaurant, and this is where we go for our bread. I can't tell you how many times we've been yelled at for taking too many buns, that they need them for regular customers. Well what are we then? If they don't sell all the buns, they would have to sell them as 'day old' bread. I've seen, on numerous occasions, people buying the 8' steak buns by the dozens, and those people don't get snide remarks. Definitely go there and try it out.
4	So, I grab a cinnamon roll from here at least 5 days a week. They are always fresh and its never too busy. Sometimes I grab a danish or some shortbread cookies for coworkers (which are to die for). The one thing I don't like is that you can't use credit or debit for transactions under $5.00, I hardly ever carry cash so this is a little inconvenient for me. Other than that, this place is awesome!
5	This place is AWESOME!  I asked a restaurant where they got their bread because it was so good, "Great Buns"  I walked in and it smelled so good, fresh baked bread..awwww  The prices were just amazing.  I got 12 hamburger buns for $2.39!  GOOD buns not the crappy ones you get at the store....and 12 not 8!  So I picked up a cinnamon roll, almond filled croissant, a red velvet cup cake, 2 chocolate filled cup cakes, 2 doz hamburger buns, 1 doz hot buns, a round loaf of sour dough bread and a cranberry walnut loaf. I only spent $20!  I could have taken home the whole store.  My husband ate his chocolate cupcake, he is picky and said it was really gooood.  I had the cinnamon roll it was so yummy.  I am so going back.  Oh and they had cakes and cookies too....
4	Great Buns is more of a bread bakery with some other options such as pies, Bundt cakes, strudel, turnovers apple and cherry coffee cake. Today they also had cannoli. They carry a large variety of breads and rolls.The heavenly aroma of fresh bread will hit you the minute you walk in.Today, day before Thanksgiving, was a very busy day with many customers inside when I arrived. They were adequately staffed and the employees were pleasant.
