1	These guys are thieves! We ordered and paid for 4 Full slabs of quartzite. When my fabricator received the slabs, two were missing approximately 25% due to breakage (entire corner missing). Shlomo and Leor (father and son) refused to return calls to rectify the situation. We eventually drove (3 hours round trip) back to Marble express because Leor would not call us back. Receptionist told him we were there, we walked out to the warehouse and he was with customers, so we went back to the lobby to wait. After waiting for about 45 minutes, we found out that he left out the back door. Shlomo told us that we got such a great price that we should be happy with what we got. We were charged by the square foot and shorted over $700 of product. When I told him I would take him to small claims court, he told me that it was my word against his! These guys are lowlifes! I'm taking them to small claims court...
1	If you have a similar experience to mine described below or are just not happy with Marble Express, try contacting Jason Gerber before giving up on them.  After reading my review he contacted me to attempt to resolve my complaints, personally.  He was legitimately appalled by my experience and offered to go above and beyond to make sure I was taken care of.  He obviously cares about his business but has employees that need to care.  I'm sure he is addressing this. My business was concluded with Daltile so I did not take advantage of his offer. I am glad that I let him know about the issues at his business. This may have been taking a toll on his profits and he may have been wondering why.Zero stars if I could have. Avoid this place!!!!!!  Dodged a big bullet today.  I went there to buy 5 slabs of granite for my new house that I'm building.  When I arrived I had to seek out someone to help me by going back into one if the offices.  Despite the fact that I had a list of the Slabs that I needed from my design center, they handed me a piece of paper and sent me into the warehouse.  This was after a lengthy search for a clipboard which they never found.  I wandered down each aisle searching for my granite, which I never located.  I was told that a guy by the name if "Manny" would meet me in the warehouse.  He never showed.  I went back to the office to tell them that I could not find my granite and that Manny never met me.  She said "I'll try to page him".  After another lengthy wait.....nothing.  I went back to the office and handed the lady the paper she had given me and I told her I was going to Daltile.  She said nothing.....no apology, just reached her hand out for the paper.  She could care less.  I'm sure 5 slabs of granite won't make or break their year, but this type of customer service will ruin a business.  But, it's not her business so she doesn't care.  Sad.  I called back after I left and asked to speak to a manager. I was told her name was Dawn Bar but she was not available.....imagine that!  I later did a web search of Marble Express and found horrible reviews which I will copy and paste below.  My wife and I were talking to each other about our experience at Marble Express when we arrived at  Daltile. A contractor overheard us and laughed.  He said that one of his clients was telling him a similar story about Marble Express just 2 hours earlier. I now feel very lucky.  I've used Daltile for my previous home and am using them again.  Their operation is a class act. Here are the other reviews I found by doing a web search on Marble Express: Jamie W.0 friends 2 reviewsThese guys are thieves! We ordered and paid for 4 Full slabs of quartzite. When my fabricator received the slabs, two were missing approximately 25% due to breakage (entire corner missing). Shlomo and Leor (father and son) refused to return calls to rectify the situation. We eventually drove (3 hours round trip) back to Marble express because Leor would not call us back. Receptionist told him we were there, we walked out to the warehouse and he was with customers, so we went back to the lobby to wait. After waiting for about 45 minutes, we found out that he left out the back door. Shlomo told us that we got such a great price that we should be happy with what we got. We were charged by the square foot and shorted over $700 of product. When I told him I would take him to small claims court, he told me that it was my word against his! These guys are lowlifes! I'm taking them to small claims court...3/1/2013Tiffany K.This place is horrible...They are extremely shady and it doesn't matter who they hurt. They sold our granite out from under us. Putting a hold on something and signing things doesn't mean anything here. Don't trust anyone here, especially Manny. NEVER AGAIN! Thank you Marble Express for ruining our new construction home experience. ZERO STARS!!!!
1	What are these guys thinking!? A couple showed up at my fabricators shop asking for my slab remnants. They knew my first and last name, what type of countertops I bought and how many slabs. My fabricator told the people NO and called me right away. When he asked them where they got this information, they replied Marble Express. There's really no other place that would have had all that info. Apparently these people didn't need an entire slab so Marble Express told them who may have some remnants! I am appalled that these guys gave out my information to complete strangers! What a disappointing business!
5	I recently helped a client purchased a new house in Buffalo Ranch, so I went to select the granite counter top for them at Marbel Express. The service and the selections are awesome! Huge display rooms. Everyone in there was so nice! Especially the sales manager Manny was so patient with me. My buyer wanted me to re-select the color so I had to bother him several times. He was always there for me. I can tell he tries his best to make all clients happy. Thank you so much! Very pleasant experience. Highly recommend.
5	I had a great experience at Marble Express.  I only needed 2 slabs and a little but of tile for my condo and my sales person, Leor, moved all the slabs for me with the fork lift so I could see all the slabs from the bundle and pick my favorites.  He also gave a recommendation for a fabricator that turned out to be great.  I came in three times and couldn't make up my mind.  Leor was very patient and gave me some samples to take home and see how they looked in my house.In the end I decided on a Mascrorato granite for my counter tops.  It is BEAUTIFUL!  I took a few trips to other places in town and they were fine but no one had the selections that I found at Marble Express.
5	Great service again. Been doing business with marble express for the past 5 years and  always a great experience. They have the latest trends of granites and their travertine is very nice. I would recommend this business to anyone who wants to get a good price and great service.
5	I've been dealing with marble express for the past year and I have to say they have been great. Once I purchased a couple of slabs of white granite for new construction house I was working on and ended up being short half a slab so I called up and Leor said that they were all sold out of that color slab, but he knew that one of his fabricators had some that they recently bought, so he gave me the fabricators number long story short got the piece I needed from the fabricator who didn't even charge me for it ....... Life saver!!!!I was on another job when I ran into an issue and needed some more backsplash tile to finish the job and I could not make it to marble express so I called Leor and what do you know within an hour the tile that I needed was in my hands and he personally brought it to me..... Now that's customer service and that's why they earn all my stone business!!!
5	They have a great selection of slabs from inexpensive to exotic, and great quality. I used to go to Bedrosians or Stone Trade for my slabs, but now I only come here. Prices are very reasonable, but don't expect to pay bottom of the barrel prices for high grade stone. Some other places may be cheaper but their stone is usually all full of filler and doesn't look as nice. They also have unique trim and accent pieces. Usually service at stone and tile places are terrible - either they ignore you, or are way too pushy, or don't want to try to help you find options for your budget. I had several projects I needed stone for and my sales person Leor was super helpful in giving me ideas of how to stretch my budget while still getting something nice. He was very patient and made sure I was 100% happy with my order.
5	Marble Express is my preferred granite source for all of my projects. I receive the best customer service as soon as I walk in the doors. Working with Leor, Shlomo, and Jason over that last 5 years has been great. They always exceed my expectations and personally take the time to make sure my customers and I are completely satisfied.
