5	As the previous reviewer mentioned, this is a newly remodeled facility which has turned out wonderfully. All new equipment and works great. I have been using this place since I discovered it about a year ago. The remodeling took place in November and December 2012. Previously this was just car wash station with about 8 self serve stalls and 2 or three automatic. The remodeling removed some of the self service stalls (there are approx. 4 now) and used this space for a new Laundramat and a dog wash station, which i hear is one of the only ones in the Madison area. I have been there mostly on Sundays and they have an attendant who is an older gentlemen and is very friendly and fun to shoot the breeze with if you use the self service stations. Personally, I believe you cant get a better car wash than using the self service stations if you have the time and strength (your arms do get a little sore after!). For 5 dollars I believe, you get 12 minutes which is plenty of time to do a thorough wash, rinse, wax and time to use scrubber on front end/rims as needed. The soap is not watered down like other places. They also take credit card at the self service station, so no need to fill a sock full of quarters. The only other self service I know of in the Madison area is off Rimrock road, which is cheaper, but for less time, in a rough area, in terrible shape,  and the soap is MUCH more watered down. I have also used the laundramat there recently and received exceptional serivce. They have a special going on in March that all dryers are free! All new machines, therefore clothes come out smelling and looking great. In addition, this is a full service laundramat, therefore there is a regular attendant on duty who will do the washing, drying and foling for you. I believe the charge was 49 cents for every lb. They also have a promotion going on right now for the first 10lbs are free. It is a very convenient service if you have a lot of errands to run and dont want to waste an afternoon at the laundramat. I had quite a bit of laundry one day, and the attendant gave me a very good deal in addition to the 10 lbs free. Make sure to tip the attendant if you use this service, she did an excellent job and saves you a ton of time!I have not used the dog wash, as I do not have a dog, but I imagine it could be something fun to do.The only negative I have about this place is that is hard to get in and out of, as you have to pull in behind the building and turn the corner of the building at a blind spot. Its about as narrow as one lane, and people come in and out of same drag.
5	Exceptionally clean with a helpful attendant. Best laundromat experience I've ever had!
5	I had some insect sap sparkled on my car so I was looking for a drive-through car wash with good reviews. Unfortunately, I couldn't find any. Octopus Wash barely made the cut at 3.5 stars, but the negative reviews on there are absolutely frightening. Of course Magic Wash pops up on the list and I was like why is a laundromat popping up on my search for car washes. I immediately wrote it off, but luckily a friend of mine later recommended it to me and I am so glad he did. This place is both a laundromat and a car wash!This place will do a basic wash for $6 and add a layer of wax and clear coating for $4 more. Whether or not you think the wax and clear coating is a gimmick, the chance of protecting my car for at least a month for $4 is well worth it in my opinion - that's less than 15 cents a day. Now I did not drive slowly enough through the turbo drying process, so there were some water spots left on my car so I can't be sure if the sap is completely gone or if they are just watermarks, but it seems like everything is in good order. As a tip, the drying process is one minute so make sure you stay in there for the full duration! In addition, this car wash is completely touchless, so there is no chance of damaging your car. Highly recommend. This will definitely be my go-to car wash from now on.
1	The manual car wash is very expensive. I am going to do my car at home from now on. The price of the manual to do a good job approaches a full service wash with interior clean up.
4	I've got this dog.And this dog doesn't seem to like the tub. He will investigate you when you shower, he will pull back the curtain, but when its his turn, it's like he is allergic to water. This only will work for soo long. At some point we all need to bathe. Thankfully this place is just up the road from where we live. I heard this place existed from a fellow dog park patron, and I decided it was prime time to visit. I didn't know I didn't need to bring my own shampoo or towel. I came with my own stuff. Not necessary. A towel is provided, and dog shampoo is provided via the little water nozzle doohickey that you put your money in. There is a table that comfortably held my 65 lb dog (and could have easily supported one 2x his size). You were able to leash him to the table and get your suds on. Mine decided to cower in the corner, even though the water was warm but to each their own. He knew it was time to admit defeat.As we were washing the dog, the owner of the wash stopped in to leave a treat in the corner of the room for the dog for when we were done. Much to the dogs happiness, the bath ended, we blow dried him, he ate the treat and we were on our way. Also, there were waterproof smocks/aprons provided for humans to wear while washing your dog so you yourself don't get the bath too (though to each their own, I suppose...).My only beef is that is was a bit expensive. The way it worked is that you swipe a card into this machine and are given 15 minutes of water/soap/blow dryer time. I think the $10 was a bit much for a dog wash, but as I sit here and actually type this out and think about all I got for that, I think it was worth it. Especially when you consider how much a bath at a dog groomers would be. Much to my canine companions chagrin, we will be back.
4	I used the Magic Mutt Dog Wash here and thought it was great. There is a $10 minimum for 15 minutes and under, after that it is metered. The room was clean, but a little dark and cold (it was 20 degrees outside). When I got in there I kept waiting for the light and heat to go on. There was an apron and a couple of clean towels for use and the table/sink was just the right height.The directions were easy to follow and having the soap mixed in the water was really nice. There is a vacuum and blow dryer there too. It would have been nice if the blow dryer had warm air but maybe I didn't use it long enough. It was well worth the money not to have to attempt it at home.
