1	If you value your life, don't go to Banner Boswell.  My husband was told to go to the ER by his doctor's office.  He arrived at Boswell around 10 a.m.  He is diabetic and has heart and high blood pressure problems.  When I arrived at 2 in the afternoon, his blood pressure was 177/87, and he had not been offered anything to eat. I told the staff that he needed his afternoon blood pressure meds.  They said I had to wait for the doctor.  The doctor came and examined him and ordered a nitroglycerine patch and left.  An hour later, he had still not received blood pressure medication and his blood pressure was still alarmingly elevated.  I talked to the nurse who told me that the doctor hadn't ordered any medication as he was afraid that with the nitro it would lower his blood pressure too low.  I had to leave at 4 p.m. for a doctor's appointment.  My husband called me at 6:45 p.m. to say that he had been given a room.  His blood pressure was still sky high; he had still not been offered food or blood pressure lowering meds.  I talked to him several more times trying to calm him down.  At 9:30 p.m. he still hadn't received medication or food.   The next morning when I went to visit, they had him on a sodium chloride drip.  I don't understand why they would be giving sodium when his blood pressure often shoots up to over 200.  He could have been given water to drink if he was dehydrated.    We will never go to this hospital again
5	Banner Boswell Medical Center is a great hospital.  I just completed an stay there a few days ago.  I was having chest pains and finally decided to go in because my intuition kept telling me to go.Nonetheless, I arrived and was seen by the triage nurse promptly and was in a room and seeing a doctor within 15 minutes of arrival.  Now granted I was having chest pains which probably explains why I was seen promptly.  However, my wife had to visit the ER at Boswell twice this year and she was seen and in a room promptly as well and she didn't have chest pains.My stay at Boswell was very pleasant and I felt confident that the doctors and the entire staff were doing everything possible such  tests and labs accordingly to determine the cause of my chest pains.  I felt safe and comfortable the entire time.The CNA's, Nurses & Doctors and everyone involved in my care were awesome !I would like to personally thank should they ever see this post RN Mary, Britney and Bethany and the CNA's under your supervision at the time and Dr. Fala and the other doctors for being so nice, friendly and professional.Banner Boswell is our favorite hospital !We always choose Boswell over Thunderbird and we live like 2 minutes from Thunderbird hospital.
1	Banner Boswell is terrible, I entered the building around noon or so.It took quite awhile to get in, I am a diabetic and on dialysis.First they came to get vitals,Keep in mind that vitals were 208/83 Orderly said they will get you upstairs soon, Advised him I am not staying overnight. He never put in an order for B/P after another small wait I was called to the little room area for Weight & Temp as well as B/P. My blood pressure was still high. Again no medication for the B. pressure and I advised her that I am not staying over, Nurse said she would get me a form to sign when I got into the room.We went back out to waiting again.They came and got me.First thing this nurse says is we will get  you upstairs soon,Again I had to advise her That is Not Happening. You would think someone would write it down as 3 more Nurses had to be told that same thing. I am not staying , From 1 or so to 4,20 They gave me nothing for B/P .they did give me a med for some nausea I asked for a sandwich at 2.40 pm I am diabetic and needed 2 eat, at 3.10 Nothing had come yet, My Mom and Fiancee went and got me what I asked for which was just a sandwich and nothing more, , At 4 or so the nurse asked if it arrived.It had not and never did, She said all they had was peanut butter and jelly, dialysis patients are not allowed any p. butter " ever " at 415 or so Dr came in and said you need dialysis now I,told him no,All hospitals under banner have mandatory 3 day stay when they do dialysis, He never said a word, about that .One more stall and Told him enough is enough, Take out IV or i am walking, All of a sudden  They are doing e.k g, They had not done anything but a blood test after four hours had gone by and still no B/P pills,No sandwich had arrived. It was close to insulin time,( Mind u my previous stay in Nov They did not to give me my insulin until 8.30 pm and that was not complete..I Did not get my next  dose till a half hour later, I was 329 at 1.30 am I did not get insulin until 2 hours later after that..When I questioned  why they said it,s protocol as we must ask doctor first. I replied are you kidding No doctor is needed when any diabetic is that high, You could have killed me as my organs could have shut down , I replied get the insulin or I call my atty, My Mom showed back up because I had called her at 2;20 am and she brought my insulin), Back to ER and the lying staff .. I said You could not even get me a sandwich there is no way u are sticking me. The doctor asked at least 2 more times for me to stay there,I replied that is not happening,I asked again for the 3rd time where is letter that I have been asking for and that the lady who checked me in said they would get to me. The Doctor had no response and then I,told him that is why I do not trust you or this garbage dump. Then out of the blue a nurse came in with a EK G machine. One more stall tactic. Why wasnt this done in the begining like all the other  patience had done in the waiting room. In the end I never got my Sandwich,Medicines or anything but grief from the absolute lying and extremely slow and incompetent staff. I never got my letter that I was asking for and it was promised to get to me by the first nurse in the small room. I will never return, to this pig pen of sh** place I will never go there again, I am going to put in complaints where ever I can. SincerelyA Concerned Dialysis Patient
1	I wish there was a zero star option do not be seen by Randell Davis went in with a heart rate of 140 just sitting there and had trouble berthing I donated my kidney at banner good Sam it was great this time sucked he asked me first off if I was high on meth wtf I came in because the transplant team told me to do not go here the nurse told me to go to a different hospital if I want to be taken seriously
5	Great  ER experience this week taking my father-in-law.  Although the hospital was at capacity (which is odd for summer in Phoenix), he was treated very quickly.   We only waited minutes before he was seen by a nurse.  The nurses and doctors were very nice and every seemed to be in such a good mood!  I was in the hallway when I asked a gentlemen (Donald) walking by with a portable xray machine if there was a vending machine close by - not only did he show me where the cafeteria was, he waited for me and carried the food tray back to the ER room.
5	We first came here to the emergency room for my wife.  Today she had an outpatient surgical procedure.  We are very pleased with this hospital.  The staff is excellent and caring.  We are glad to have such a good facility close to home
5	I had to go to the ER. I was expecting an hours wait but was I ever so wrong. I waited about it 10 minutes and was immediately brought back to a room. The entire staff was friendly and attentive to my needs. Hopefully I never have to come back to the ER, but if I do, I know I will be in good hands
