4	If I want to make it a quick trip (avoid long lines), I head here after work. Good selection of food and produce. I went here once with my husband who quickly noticed my peeps working here- he's got "pinoy-dar." Well-stocked, less strange customers, and not too many panhandlers in front of the store; also located in a strip mall.
4	Out of the three Vegas/Henderson area stores I've visited in this chain, I like this one the most. The aisles are split in the middle, like my hometown location. They've seemed pretty well-stocked both times I've visited. Oh, and the bathroom is pretty well-kept. The only issue I've had was that they only had one cashier working on this particular busy late Sunday afternoon, so it took a little while to wade through the line.
4	I'm here all the time what can you say it's a 99c store. They do have fresh produce everyday last min items for a good healthy dinner.
3	Sometimes this place a cluster you know what. The lines can be long, the people can be rude, the aisles a little messy.However, I just can't pass up the bobby pins here. I mean why go to another store and pay $3 for bobby pins that either end up lost of broken? Pfff, $.99 for bobby pins sounds like a win-win for me.Not everything is a deal at the $.99 store but if you are good shopper you know what to buy and not to buy. I once scored chiobani yogurt for less than $.50 and the expiration date was still a bit off. So it wasn't old product or product I had to hurry up and eat. I love coming here to buy candy to fill up my candy jar. And if my son needs a new coloring book or something just to entertain him - I know I can count on the $.99 store to provide me with inexpensive options.
2	Of the ones in my area this one is the worst it's always dirty and had an odd smell the workers don't seem to like their jobs and it's not as organized as the other ones on the upside it's the closest one so out of convenience I go there that's the only reason I do
4	First Id like to say that I like all 99 cent store just because of the price alone. I find great deals in this store and ending spending more than what I intend to spend when I do go in here.  The one thing that I do hate about this location is the loiters and beggars outside the store.  It's like you have to prepare yourself to get bombarded by zombie like adults for your spare cash.  Other than that I'll go a lot and take my dad there a lot so he thinks he's saving on a lot of cash.  They recently renovated the inside of this store and it seems like they added more tall shelves to give the store a different look.  The staff are the same as they always are when I go here and they do their job pretty good.The produce section can be a little suspect at times and some of the vegetables can be a little old so you have to be on guard against this.  I've also found that if you use a lot of 5 hour energy shots this is the place to go because you can pick them up for a dollar here!  I took a star away for the zombie beggars.
