5	Margaret's Fine Imports is a lovely little shop in the heart of downtown Squirrel Hill with a fantastic selection of tea, coffee and other yummy goodies... both imported and American.  I shop here to get gifts for a few people who seem to have everything they could ever want or otherwise not really need anything: my mom, my mother-in-law, my aunt!   All of my gifts from this store have been a success with my giftees.  What else... there is a sale/clearance section at the back with discounted items and they periodically have sales (in the summer there was a 20% off everything overstock sale, for instance).  I know now (a little by trial and error) that I'm not really a tea or coffee person, but I occasionally stop in to get some candy or cookies for myself.  There is also a good selection of nice aprons... one of these days I'll get one.  Great stuff!  Oh and if you buy a lot of coffee, ask for their coffee card.  You get a stamp for every 1/2 pound you buy and after 9 lbs. (or 10... I forget), you get one free!
5	This store is like a dream come true for a tea drinker.  Though they sell a lot of cool trinkets and accessories for acceptable prices, Tea is the #1 reason to go here.  When I stopped by, they were sampling two unsweetened iced teas, one Assam and one fruity tangy tisane.  My wife liked the tisane and I loved the Assam.The loose teas for sale are out in translucent jars (they keep the bulk wrapped up near the back) through which you can view them and ask for a.. um, sniffing.  They're not behind some unreachable counter - you can inspect to your heart's content.  Their selection was nothing to sneer at, though a bit lacking in Japanese Green Teas.  They even have some very hard to find teas which I've heard of but never seen in a retail shop.  I immediately snatched two of these fabled teas (QuanZhou milk oolong, Huang Shan Huang Ya) which they allow you to buy a single ounce of - almost unheard of in a retail tea shop.  Even picked up a weird tibetan mini tuo-cha tea cake for $1.50.Though I get a little unnerved with glass jars, the leaves I bought smelled VERY fresh and delicious.  I suggest that you bring your tea canisters (or buy some for ~3-5$) or you may go home like I did with ziploc bags.The sales clerk that I met was also knowledgable about tea in general and was able to answer most of the questions I had about their selection.  Best tea store experience I've had hands-down!
5	If you love tea, you have to check this place out.There are so many flavors and brands of tea to choose from! Loose leaf or tea bags, there is something for everyone. You need something to brew you tea in? No problem, Margaret's has various styles of pots, and cups! They also sell imported soups (loooove the borsht), chocolates and candies. In the summer time, you can buy fresh produce.Great place for gifts and the owners are really sweet people, very friendly and helpful.
5	What a great little store! I can't believe I've lived in SqHill for nearly 3 years, and I just went into this place (courtesy of Groupon) last weekend. We've been wanting a very particular stove top coffee maker for a while now, and Margaret's had it for 20 bucks. She's also got, as the name implies, lots of loose teas to choose from and various European sweets, cheeses, drinks, and even beauty items. The gem for us, though, was the coffee. Not only did we find the coffee maker we wanted, but got some fantastic coffee. Tastes great, and a little dab 'ill do ya. Seriously, I've been so super productive this week mainly due to this coffee! The service is fantastic, and the prices are right, so swing in and support this local business!
4	A lovely shop with teas you cannot find anywhere else! Worth the trip.
5	Fantastic little gift shop for tea and coffee lovers!As an avid tea drinker, I was in heaven when I was able to try this place out, thanks to their having a Groupon. I seriously must've spent an hour just smelling all the different teas, coffees, and trying to narrow everything I wanted down to $30! Their tea and kitchen accessories are absolutely adorable as well (though being up to my neck in tea paraphernalia at home, I opted against buying any of those). I wound up selecting a couple looseleaf teas as well as a box of bagged Stash tea (goji green tea - yum!) and a bag of coffee for my beau. Ever since then, I've been addicted and Margaret's is now my regular "tea dealer" for all hard-to-find teas.Be sure to check out their jams and imported foods as well. While I haven't actually purchased any myself, they have a lot of things to make an anglophile swoon!
5	I KNEW I would love this place even before I walked in!  It's actually sad it took me so long to get here, considering I'm such a tea nerd.  I love it!  I want to be an old lady who collects funky tea pots.  I want to then be an old English maid who sips tea whilst watching people play croquet.  Okay, I really got side tracked.  But seriously, seeing all the funky tea pots and cups there made me want to buy all of them!I always go into tea places, pick something almond tasting and head on my way.  A lot of times I think the tea is just okay.  This time like always, I picked an almond flavored tea of course.  The very friendly and helpful sales lady helped me pick it out and shared that it was one of her faves because they include real almond slivers.  It was an excellent choice, I loved it and can't wait to go back to get more!  I'm sure I'll end up stock piling that along with trying their many many other flavors.  It's especially nice to not spend a crap ton of money here like I do at another store (cough cough Teavanna).  I'm SO happy to have a place to bring out my inner tea nerd in the Burgh!
5	My dreams are made of shops like these...Margaret's is a cute little store with a HUGE selection of loose teas and coffees that are ground to order. Shops like this are disappearing and i'm so happy to have found one here. If you're looking for hard to find Torani syrups, they have a big selection of them here too. It's a great place for gifts as well if you have friends that really enjoy good teas and coffees, as well as all the fun little things related (sugar spoons, honeys, cute teacups and pots, biscuits). I typically buy a quarter pound of a few coffees every few weeks now; it's more expensive of course (slightly) than buying a larger bag of grounds at the grocery, but the coffee is fresher and tastier.
5	Maggie is from Poland, and man, does she LOVE tea!  I attended the Tea Class last night after purchasing a groupon.  The lovely @Aja J. had bought me a fancy tea cup with an infuser after a trip to China.  I've always wanted to try it, but after some internet research on loose tea, I gave up - I had so many questions...how long to brew?  how much to use?  where to buy?  All this and more was answered by the enthusiastic Maggie, her husband, and son, Frank.The class lasts about an hour followed by a tasting.  We heard all about the history of tea, learned about the different types of teas and non-teas (you'll have to take the class to find out what I mean!), and best brewing techniques.  We also sampled 6 different types of hot tea and imported cookies. Maggie's has an IMMENSE selection of teas, including loose teas, along with everything you could ever want associated with the tea process.  She even gave everyone attending the class a ten percent discount off her already reasonable prices, plus a goodie bag.  I enjoyed my first cup of Sweet Spice Mate today in the cup from @Aja J., and I know I'll be back to Maggie for more loose tea. I highly recommend the tea class; fun, informative, and unique.  Maggie, her husband, and son also had us in stitches most of the class.  For only 15 bones regular price, it's for-sure worth it.
5	How lucky we are to have a shop like this!My friend and I were looking for something different to do so we signed up for a tea class.  For $15, you get a two hour course discussing the history of tea, different kinds of teas, tea customs, and brewing practices.  It was so interesting!There store is just like...a charm on Forbes Ave in Sq Hill.  I grew up in Stuttgart Germany (Deutschland!) and I FLIPPED MY SHIZ when I saw they had the Schwarzwaelder Kirch Wasser Kuche I used to adore when I was a litlte Madchen.They have EVERYTHING tea related you could possibly imagine.  Honestly, its a shame I didnt discover this place sooner bc I know I would have bought every mothers day gift here.  Tea pots, cozies, diffusers, cups, straws, stirrers, bags, bag holders, you name it, they have it.  They have a delicious selection of loose leaf teas, and I strongly recommend the Cream Earl Gray flavored tea.  It's so good if I made it for breakfast I'd have to call off work bc I'd be DONE for the day, it is that good.I felt the prices were reasonable, and Maggie was very very nice, helpful, and easy to talk to.  If you want to try a new tea, stop in, and she'll suggest the perfect one for you.  The tea classes are $15 and I thought it was work every penny and a fun way to spend a Wednesday evening.The only thing I didnt like was that there were 15 people packed into the store for the tea class, and basically everything in the store is glass or porcelain, and I was afraid I was going to break something the entire time.  :S
5	Stopped in today for the very first time. I was very anxious after reading all of the great reviews. This place lives up to all the hype. A huge selection of loose leaf teas to choose from. ( I ended up leaving with an oolong and a flavored white). The owner of the store was very nice and helpful. Also, Tea pgh had many tea accessories and other imports (coffee, chocolate, creams, etc) however I was on a mission for good tea so I really only paid attention to that area. Will be going back for all my tea needs.
5	After trying to explain the vast world of tea to someone, that its not only sold in a bag at the grocery store. I found the nearest tea shop and we set off.  I'm so glad that this was the shop we stopped at I will be returning for more exotic teas!
5	Margarets has been a favorite of mine for years.  They have a large variety of packaged and loose leaf teas as well as coffee beans for every taste.  Margaret and her staff are always right on with their advice.I have shopped there for years and I have always walked away happy with both the service and products.
5	Margaret's has so much more than just a fantastic selection of tea.  There is also a nice assortment of European cookies and treats and the biggest variety of Torani flavored syrups that I have seen anywhere.  I look forward to creating some nice latte recipes with those!The staff is very helpful, the store is a fun to spend time in and the prices are right.
