4	What a great place for a date night! The class lasted 3 hours and included paint and canvasses.  You can choose to paint what the instructor was teaching or paint your own, which I opted for. It's BYOB so feel free to bring a bottle of wine, or beer, and paint away! What a great way to spend a few hours!
3	I bought a Groupon that was $45 for 2 people for 3 hours. I had been to Art of Merlot in Old Town, had a blast, and wanted to do something similar with my husband. This place is located in the Roosevelt Arts district along 5th Ave (a one way). When we walked in, I was a little stunned to see how many people were reserved, like us. There were at least 40 people and the owner had to pull in tables and chairs from the back. It seemed very disorganized. Because of this, they ran out of aprons and I had to paint without one. I was irritated by that and was really paranoid about getting paint on me. And I was the idiot that wore a white shirt to paint. The canvases were set at each seat but you had to get your paint at stations along the walls. Because of this, it got very crowded for people sitting by the walls while everyone was trying to get paint. Add too many people to the equation and it was a clusterf%$k. The instructor was very friendly, engaging and was cool if you chose to paint something different than the scheduled theme. I appreciated that. We had fun drinking wine and joking with the people around us. I think the people are what made it really fun. I had a really good time but this place definitely needs to smooth the edges a bit and get better organized.
2	I think this could be a great place with a few simple changes .. More hands on help , a working sink for washing up and no constant talking about buying other classes and money while your class in in progress !!!! We paid for a 3 hour class and I feel that trying so hard to sell other classes is just wrong ! At the end of a class if you wish to mention a special that's fair -
5	My friends and I got a Living Social deal and decided to check this place.  We had never done a class like this and we are accountants by day, so we weren't really sure what to expect.  We had so much fun!!!We got there about 20 minutes early, there were a few people there already, but it was nice because we got pick where we wanted to sit.  We brought some snacks and wine.  They had a table in the back and we set out our snacks to share.  There were also plenty of wine openers and cups.  The owner, Anthony, was also the instructor; he was really nice, helpful and patient with everyone.   We painted the Eiffel Tower, so there was a lot of instruction on where to put dots and lines and at the end it really did look like the Eiffel Tower!  The location is great, its near 4th St and McKinley, so you are close to the AZ Center and The Turf/Pomo Pizza area.  It would be a great activity for a date night or girl's night out!  I will be going back for sure!
4	Great time!A girlfriend and I bought a Groupon deal and went to a class on a Saturday night.  Neither of us are very artistic, but the instructor did a good job explaining difficult aspects such that our paintings came out much better than expected!The class consisted of about 20 students, mostly women but a few couples on dates.  The instructor helped illustrate concepts while encouraging us to be creative with our paintings.  He played fun, chill music throughout the class and really kept the atmosphere jovial.  I hope to be back before long!
4	Good value, Chelsea was fun and our paintings came out way better than expected! This is great for beginners and just for a relaxing good time!
4	My friend and I had a blast at this place!  They provide plastic cups for your wine, apron, canvas, paint, instruction - everything but vino, snacks, and your genius!  The instructor/owner, Anthony, was friendly and effective - his instructions helped every single person produce something that looked similar to the goal.  The paints were plentiful, mistakes were easily remedied and the whole process felt a bit adventurous to me (I was unititiated).  The finished product was better than I expected.  The atmosphere was fun and laid back.  Check out their photos if you'd like to see the layout, but it's basically some long folding tables with a canvas and chair for each person  On each side, you have a friend you brought or a new friend you just met - tons of fun to look over and see the differences in your styles.  In short, we had lots of fun!WHAT TO DO:Check out the website.  Each class, you all paint one specific thing together - the website has a calendar where you can look at a sample of what you'll be working on, so you can pick something that inspires you.  BYO wine and snacks (the snack offerings are pretty sparse).  Make sure you have plenty for several hours.NOTE: It's super spendy at regular price, but there are frequently Groupons and the like available (and those sites are searchable - just go search for Brush Party to see if they have one running).
5	My friend decided she wanted to do a canvas painting for her bridal shower/bachelorette party.  We came here and had such a great time.  Anthony is an amazing teacher.  He was accommodating, entertaining and a great host.  The bride had an excellent time and we came home with some cute paintings.  Will definitely do this again!
5	So much fun!!  Relax and let your inner artist shine!!I have been to 5+ BPs and they have all been a blast! The Instructors are very helpful and let you paint whatever you want. I like to 'bend' whatever the subject is, so I like the freedom.I marked 'inexpensive' for price. I feel that (especially w a coupon) the price is more than reasonable for what is included. They have moved from the McKinley location. They are now just North of Roosevelt on the East side of Central. Best to get there from Roosevelt as Central is one way there.
