5	Salon Bossa Nova is as good as it gets when it comes to cuts and customer service. I've been going to SBN now since early last summer. There's never any doubt what I'm going to get when I'm there. My stylist, Cassie, is always on time, doesn't talk my ear off, gives a very relaxing hair wash, knows what to do with my hair without asking, and is passionate about her craft.  She consistently does a great job. The salon, if I'm not mistaken, also offers a wide range of services. I'm pretty confident that every one of the services and stylist are great. If you're close to them and you get a chance to try them let me know what you think. Note: I submitted a request to yelp to update their address. Currently the address shows that they are in Tempe. They are actually in Chandler next to the World Market off of Ray Rd. http://www.salonbossanova.com/
5	Great energy in this place.  I have only been for a massage so far, but it was really good.  Everyone in there is down to earth.  Looking forward to getting my hair done here soon.
5	I went to this salon because I won a groupon, I had never heard of then before now.  This was a great place with an awesome vibe.  My stylist was Brittney, she listened to every word I said and did everything I asked, and then some!!  My color was fantastic and the cut....WOW!!!!
5	I've been going to Jonathan for about 6 years now with a few mishaps in between... and I can't stay away.  It is a little pricy, but that's because they seem to know how you want your hair to look more then you do.  Everytime I've tried to save some cash on my hair I've had to walk-o-shame back into Salon Bossa Nova to have Jonathan correct it.  And he laughs at me and fixes me and I leave with the most amazing cut and color that I wonder why saving $30 seemed so important in the first place.  I have only been to him, and he is the owner, but Ive observed many a haircuts in my time there (my appointment takes about 2-2.5 hours) and I've never seen a disappointed customer.  Oh, and they will go next door and get you something to eat or drink while you're drying or waiting or whatever.  Again, absolutly love this place, fantastic work EVERY TIME.
