4	I found the South End Exchange while driving around running errands earlier today, and I was so happy I did! It's a consignment store for home items, mostly furniture and antique furniture. You can find some very nice items in here, and if you have items you are looking to get rid of you could bring them here on consignment as well. What is especially nice about this place is that every 30 days the prices dramatically decrease if an item makes it that far. But judging by the location and clientele that was in there while I was searching, I bet that doesn't happen very often. The store is constantly changing and items are consistently coming in and going out. Check them out!
4	I really liked this place because it has something for all budgets.  Yes the larger furniture items are expensive, but then there are beautiful decorative items that can add a touch of class to a room for like $12.  I wanted to redo my whole apartment with the things I found here.  Give it a whole classy/ country look.  Anyway, the selection is always changing like most consignment stores.  So there's always more beautiful things to choose from.
4	I'm almost embarrassed to say that it took me 2+ years to finally stop in at South End Exchange and I live only a few blocks away! I popped in here for a few minutes to take a look at their antique treasures - expect furniture of all types and sizes, lovely mirrors, glassware, vintage dishes, paintings and a whole slew of kitschy antique-y fun to decorate a space. While I'm no expert in pricing antique or consigned furniture, the items looked reasonable for the condition and quality. I saw everything for a $5 (adorable) dish to a $1,600 sofa in a matter of minutes. I was especially diggin' some of the really lovely and large antique mirrors - priced between $100-$150. Be aware that this place is *packed* with goodies and the quarters can be quite tight. Thus, if you really are seeking a treasure, make sure you devote some serious time to your search. Since I've only been in here once, I'm not sure how often the merchandise changes out, but based on the goods I imagine there are new items consigned on a fairly regular basis! If I were decorating a cool country space or simply adding some flair to my own dwelling, South End Exchange is definitely worth a stop!
5	I could spend all afternoon in here! Lots of interesting items that can really add a unique touch to any room...not to mention a great bargain! Fun place to bring out-of-town guests too.
4	The best prices are on designer items like sofas & furniture.  Moderate prices on antiques.  Great place to find accessories and artwork, too.  Really nice, knowledgeable staff -- no snooties!
1	Folks, if you value your furniture, pay very close attention to their contract - especially regarding damage - before you consign. Today I retrieved a piece they were unable to sell, all set to take pictures and list it myself. But now I won't be able to sell it either, due to extensive damage suffered at this store. My china cabinet - nearly new upon delivery 8 months ago - is now pock-marked with dings and scratches. One corner is smashed and the upper half is short one glass shelf because they broke it! These shelves are very thick...I try not to think what could have occurred to cause that, but then I noticed one of the metal shelf brackets - not aluminum - was also bent. Did they keep bowling balls in the cabinet?They're too cluttered, and either careless or under-staffed. Customers can/must move things around to gain access to other objects, a practice that no doubt contributes to accidental contact with other objects. I urge caution to everyone who's considering consigning through SouthEnd Exchange.
