1	Have you ever had a florist call the person whom you've ordered flowers for to see if she was home?I love getting flowers.  Especially when I am not told that I am getting them.  Having the doorbell ring and, instead of a salesman or a Jehovah witness, there is a delivery driver with a beautiful bouquet of flowers... makes me very happy.Apparently, I am getting flowers today for my birthday.  How do I know this?  Because A Bloom Of Inspiration Florist called me at 2:15 pm to find out what my daily schedule is like and what time I will be leaving the address that was given by the person who lovingly ordered the flowers to be delivered to me.  "Umm, I am a stay at home mom.  I will be here all day, but thanks for ruining the surprise!"  On a side note:  There was a time frame of 10am-6pm given when the flowers were ordered.  So, at 5 pm when the flowers still haven't been delivered.  I call, and the owner gives me a hard time because they are 20 miles away and delivery was inconvenient.  The flowers were ordered from 1-800-Flowers.  It was 1-800-Flowers who contracted thru this florist to deliver flowers to an address 20 miles away.  I have no idea why they felt the need to address this issue with their customer.  This should have been taken up with the company they're contracted with.  BTW: This florists website says "Our delivery areas are GILBERT, CHANDLER, SUN LAKES, MESA, TEMPE, SCOTTSDALE, QUEEN CREEK." I live in south Scottsdale on the southeast border of Tempe and Mesa.  It is after 6:00 pm, and the flowers still have not been delivered.  The hours of this florist listed on yelp is Mon-Fri til 6pm.  So, at this point I have no idea if my flowers will even be delivered today.  Bottom line:  This florist is unprofessional, ruined the surprise, delivered very late in the day (or maybe not at all,) complained to their customers, and didn't provide the service as agreed upon.____________________________________________________________Update:  The flowers were delivered at 6:25pm, and I was told by the driver/apparent owner (again) how inconvenient the delivery was and how she had to close the store and drive the 20 miles to deliver.  The flowers are cute but are not nearly as nice as the picture on 1-800-flowers describes them.  I included both pictures above.  My family member who ordered the flowers was very disappointed and will never use 1-800-flowers again.  Although 1-800-flowers appologized for the issues that we had, they were unwilling and unable to take responsibility for their contracted florists mistakes.  My family member learned her lesson...  If you want to order flowers for someone you love, yelp a local florist in the recipients neighborhood that has good reviews and call them directly.
1	Unfortunately my experience with Bloom of Inspiration totally ruined the joy and delight that comes from receiving flowers.October 16th I received several calls from someone who was very hard to understand that he was trying to deliver flowers but could not find the office.  I agreed to meet him outside, which I did and he handed me the flowers.  Unfortunately the center of the arrangement was filled with limp yellow orchid's arrangement looked far from fresh and certainly the quality did not align with the dollar amount that must have been spent from the dear people that sent me the arrangement.  I called Bloom of Inspiration and expressed my dissatisfaction and the woman on the phone actually agreed that the flowers did not look that fresh to her  but she was hoping I would be okay with it!  Really?  She called me back the next day and let me know that she would not be able to get fresh yellow orchids until Monday and could the new arrangement be delivered on Tuesday (1 week later).  I agreed and received a call on Monday promising a delivering by 11:00 the next day.  The next day I received a message that the delivery person called in sick and what day would I like them to be delivered.  I called and adamantly let the woman know that I would need the flowers to be delivered no later that 11:00 on Thursday as I had commitments the rest of the day.  Thursday evening at approximately 5:20 I received a message that the delivery person was at my office and could I call them back right away.  When I called back I let the woman know that I was no where near my office and reminded her that the flowers were to have been delivered by 11:00.  Her reply was..."Oh did we talk about that?"  She then proceeded to tell me that they are located in Gilbert and it was not convenient for them to deliver the flowers to me.  When I expressed my concern about the delicate orchids traveling around town she simply said "no, they are really fresh and it will be no problem!"  I proceeded to let her know how that my dealings with Bloom of Inspiration  in the last weeks (and 2 days) was the worst customer service experience I had ever encountered.  My disappointment did not seem to phase her and she certainly offered no remorse or accountability for the situation.  Finally today (1 week and 3 days later) the flowers came.  After all I have been through with Bloom of Inspiration I definitely expected something grand to help compensate for their poor product and bad customer service.  Instead what I got is an arrangement (I use the term loosely) that I could have thrown together myself.  Although the flowers appear to be a bit fresher than the last ones, I am certain they are not comparable to the dollar amount that was spent by the ordering customer. I have chosen not to pursue this further with Bloom of Inspiration as I feel they do not understand the value of good customer service, are not committed to making the situation right and in no way know how to take accountability for their actions.I would not recommend the business to anyone.
1	This is the worst service i have ever had in my life! They were 3 hours late on their delivery time, they gave me an attitude when i called to ask why it was taking so long, THEN she hung up on me! seriously? this is the absolute worst service i have ever had and i wouldn't reccomend them to ANYONE even if they were free!
1	I was looking for a local florist near my mom to deliver some flowers for Mother's Day.  I found these guys through a google search, I wish I looked at yelp reviews after my discovery.  Anyway, I chose to go with these guys based on the fact they were close to my mom's house, had nice pink roses which are my mom's favorite and they were reasonably priced.   My first indication that there would be an issue is after completing my order I had to call in and give them my credit card info to complete payment.  Not a big deal, not everyone has an online payment processing gateway. Then two days later, Mother's Day, they e-mail me at 5am asking me for my Credit Card info.  So I call them back and ask what happened to my info and why i have to get them my info again.  They were at least honest and said they misplaced it in their paperwork and they can either look for it again or I can give it to them again.  I gave it again considering it was 9am on Mother's Day, who else would complete an order last minute?  So later in the day I call my mom and ask if she received her flowers and if she enjoyed the pink roses.  She said she did get them around noon and they were very nice (being nice of course) but that they were not roses.  So pretty much Bloom of Inspiration presents the flowers online but then doesnt even send what you ordered.  I've contacted them via e-mail showing them a pic of what they sent vs what they show on their website, we'll see if they get back to me and how soon.  I'll be calling them if they don't reach out to me, I'm not going to pay for flowers that are nowhere near what I ordered or not even comparable.  I understand it's a busy time of year to order flowers but don't be sneaky and not inform the customer.
5	It's unfortunate Bloom of Inspiration has been receiving these past crappy ratings and reviews because this hasn't been our experience AT ALL! She was the florist for our wedding this past May 2013. Bloom of Inspiration went above and beyond our expectations! Highly recommend!
5	We love ordering Holiday flowers from Bloom of Inspiration because they always make beautiful arrangements. For Thanksgiving, we got an arrangement that came in a pumpkin vase, and after enjoying the harvest flowers, we used the vase for candy. For Valentine's Day, second year in a row, my husband ordered arrangements that were so exquisite and elegant. Love their unique taste. Looking forward to ordering Easter and Mother's Day arrangements soon. If there is any miscommunication or dissatisfaction, the owner is always willing to go above and beyond to satisfy her customers. Thank you Bloom of Inspiration!
5	I own a florist in the Washington DC area and I had a customer who needed to send flowers to Gilbert AZ. I showed a few other florists in the area  a picture of the arrangement that my customer wanted and none of them even with higher yelp reviews had the flowers to make the arrangement.  Needless to say, this wasnt the first place I called, but I glad I called them because the customer service all the way to the final product was outstanding.The arrangement was pretty simple. White Hydrangeas, Peonies, Calla lillies and roses.The owner was able to create the design the same day and match the picture the same day. They had to make a special order but it was still well ahead of the time frame.I spent sometime speaking with the owner and believe me she is extremely accommodating and personable. I would beyond a doubt recommend her services as they are highly professional.*** Tip when reading other reviews about this place.I have been in the florist industry for more then 30 years. From my experience it is always best to call ahead when making a delivery to a home or even a business. People are constantly in and out of there houses and offices and if we dont do this then there is a chance that your gift can be left un attended.  Then bad weather can take effect, or perhaps they have a big house and dont regularly check packages at the front door. Or they might have a front door that is not visable from the driveway so if they get home they dont even see the flowers. I always tell my customers if you really want to surpise the recipient then make sure you include that in the special instructions while placing the order online or mentioning it to the person you are placing the order to.Hope this helps.
1	I didn't even want to give this business 1 star.   While I was out of the office,  someone called for me and I received a message on my return to call a number.  The message stated someone was trying to deliver flowers and wanted to know my home address.   It worried me that someone would call my office number and ask for my home address.   I actually thought it was a potential stalker situation and sent a text to my friend to see what he thought of the situation.   The friend that I sent a text to was the one that actually sent me the flowers.   He informed me that he was the one that sent them and that when he ordered the flowers,  he informed them that it was a surprise and listed his number as the contact number.   He paid the extra fee to have them delivered by 12 but I didn't receive then until 3:30.  He used a site online called "From you flowers"  and apparently they contract local vendors to fulfill orders.   He called them up to make a complaint on how his ordered was handled,  and they gave him a full refund for his order. You would think the story would end here,  but this is when the nightmare began.   I received a phone call 2 days later at my place of business asking when we closed for the day and I informed them that we closed at 4:30.  She then identified herself as the one who delivered the flowers.   She said she was coming back to pick up the flowers because the customer refused to pay for the order.   She arrived at 4:36 after we had closed.   I work for a HOA management company and since it was the end of the month,  we opened the door when she knocked thinking it was a homeowner who was coming at the last minute to make a payment.   When the door was opened,  she stuck her foot in the door and tried to shove her way in saying she wants the flowers back.   When my manager refused to give her the flowers,  she called my manager a thief and a liar thinking she was me.  She also threatened to come back the next day to get the flowers.   The police were called and an incidence report was filed.   I have to admit I am worried about going into work today wondering if she will be back and if I will still have a job at the end of the day.   I work with some amazing people who are very understanding,  but this is a place of business and situations like this aren't good for the company regardless of who is causing the problem. I would urge everyone to stay away from this place.   While I don't know this for sure,  but after reading the review on here,  it leads me to believe that the one delivering the flowers is actually the owner of this business.
1	Ordered a specific Christmas arrangement with white roses and holly leaves. The arrangement that was delivered at 10:00 PM dis not have either....called to complain but haven't heard back yet!
