5	I have officially learned my lesson the hard way.  Geoff and Brittany are in the business of being honest and fair, which is RARE in a mechanic.  Like a moron, I took my car somewhere else for a new rack and pinion only to get screwed majorly and live to regret not just taking it to Geoff.  Every time I have taken my car to them, they've worked very hard to not only find the problem but let you know of other problems.  Their communication and customer service are top notch.  If you know of one problem but this one problem causes three other problems, they will call you and tell you about it to see what you want to do.  The work is superior to any mechanic I have found and they really stand behind it.  Every time I leave their shop, I feel like I'm driving a brand new car.  After this experience of trying to take it elsewhere, it is a lesson learned: All car repairs need to go through Geoff first.  Note: The shop is a little hard to find and Google Maps will lead you in a weird direction.  It's on the right side of Contractor's Road.  But it's worth the hassle to get there.  Geoff and Brittany are truly looking to keep customers safe on the road, rather than making a fast buck.
5	Geoff Spencer is the BEST, he is very detail oriented and knows what he is doing.  Both Geoff and Brittany are very serious about CUSTOMER SATISFACTION, they would go out of their way to accommodate you and your mechanical needs.  They LOVE what they do and it shows in their work.  You have nothing to fear when you take your vehicle to them, you can rest assure - you will have the problem diagnosed and fixed the FIRST time.  We highly recommend Geoff and Brittany.  They are the BEST in the BUSINESS.  Their prices are fair and AWESOME CUSTOMER SERVICE.  TOP NOTCH, THE CREME DE LA CREME, LOOK NO FURTHER, GIVE GEOFF A CALL TODAY!
5	I have personally used Spencer Auto Repair twice for my truck now.  The replaced my oil pan that was leaking (was warped from age) and again to replace my timing cover.  Both experiences were awesome.  They were friendly, professional and more than fair on pricing.  As a do-it-yourselfer mechanic since I was 15 I know when prices are just wrong.  That's never the case with Spencers Auto Repair.  Great family and great business!
