1	Worst food ever. I am a huge fan of crud essence and panthere verte was next door so I decided to try it. Worst food ever. I had the BBQ tofu, sooooooooooo disgusting I left everything. And my husband had the falafels they were so greasy  oil was leaky off. Terrible experience. Hated it. Will never go again!!
4	Surprised at some of the negative reviews here. Had the BBQ Tofu wrap, the hummus and Pita, and a brownie - all were great, good portion sizes. Small, casual - but I liked the ambiance.
2	Stopped by for a quick lunch here with the BVF due solely to proximity to where we were caught up on that trip.  We had both tried and and reasonably enjoyed the other location, so it was considered a safe stop.I'm afraid I need to concur with some of the other reviewers and give this place the 2 star "meh" it deserves.  Although I liked the look and feel of the place, the music was too loud - not at all conducive to conversation.   Service was friendly and efficient.The problem was with the food.  Essentially this was old-school taste challenged vegan fare - large clumps of grainy chewy stuff surround by veggies that needed to have been cooked more in some cases and less in others.  The tofu balls and quinoa special was a nice portion for lunch but was downright unpleasant.  The quinoa was ok, albeit bland, but the tofu balls were best left off the menu.  Had some of the BVFs (Best Vegan Friend) salad which was pretty good but the tempeh wrap may as well have been chunks of newspaper.  Honestly, I cannot understand how this one gets it so wrong and the one in Mile End gets in right... I actually double checked to make sure they were the same owners.  Maybe it was just a bad day, but I won't be hurrying to go back anytime soon.
3	Also known as "The Green Panther." Nice vegan juice & sandwich cafe -- though disappointed by its limited menu of mainly pita-stuffed sandwiches. Fresh juices are overly priced & the service is rather slow.
3	My friend is vegetarian so I've been here a few times. I'm not crazy about their regular menu such as the burger, the falafel, the pita and whatever. But I came in to eat again with that same friend and they had...yes! ratatouille! And i LOVE ratatouille. I decided to order it and it was really delicious. Service is in general ok. Food is just ok. Hit or miss sometimes. If I find out they are making ratatouille again, I will definitely stop by and eat it.
3	My first time going to Panthere Verte was when I'd heard that there was a new vegan place on Bernard. I was hungry and excited and hanging out with a friend and very much looking forward to it. I ordered the veggie burger and to this day, still remember the deep disappointment I felt when I got a steeply-priced pita filled with falafel-like paddies, sprouts, sauerkraut and tahini.  "This is a meal to make a child cry", I thought. It was good and filling, but man, it wasn't what I'd wanted. A lot about the place stressed sproutedness and it made me pine for the vegan diners of Toronto or New York where you can have a shot of whisky with an unpretentious heaping plate of decently-priced diner grub (for vegans). For awhile, I swore off Panthere Verte. But then, I went back. I think I needed to shift my expectations. I came to appreciate Panthere Verte as an alternative to Aux Vivres - something that's too expensive price-wise but that's actually quite delicious fare. My fave as of right now is their tempeh sandwich - it's large and filling - the tempeh is nicely seasoned and I find the taste goes very well with the yummy, crunchy sprouts and sauerkraut.  A few months ago, I was there with a friend and I asked for the salad platter and was completely blown away - a very large and very varied portion of various salad selections. It was a pretty, diverse and as opposed to the sandwiches, felt like a reasonably priced eating experience.Their desert cookies are also quite good. They have samples on display and every time I go, I have one of each sample.
2	tried this place out last night for the first time. Went in knowing that vegan places in Montreal have a long way to go. I do, however, appreciate that they are beginning to sprout up more and more in this city.I ordered the tofu BBQ sandwich and was pretty disappointed. it was cold and I tasted the pickles in the sandwich more than the BBQ. had the brownie for dessert and it was no match to the other vegan one I had a week ago at Aux Vivres.Service was lackluster. servers seemed  un happy to be working. Cashier's uniform was SO DIRTY. either he hadn't washed his uniform in a couple of weeks or he had managed to spill on himself, everything he came into contact with that day.
4	i always get the falafel sandwich and it is probably my favorite falafel sandwich around Concordia. Although other places are cheaper, which is why I gave it four stars. It is nice that the sandwich is all organic too. I haven't had anything else there, but even the counter people always recommend the falafel sandwich, so it must be the specialty, I guess.
4	Decently priced vegan fare downtown. Felafel pita sandwich is by far the best and most popular offering, but they also have veggie burger, veggie pate, a few other pitas, daily specials, soup and a selection of salads. Local beer and kombucha, and house made cookies and brownies. Granted, there is nothing new and exciting here, but it's nice to have a solid place to go grab a vegan lunch that won't break the bank. Friendly staff and cute dinning area, small terrace in front.
5	Indeed the BEST felafel in town!! The soups are amazing too.  Fabulous baked vegan goodies,and this is coming from someone who'd always HATED vegan baking! Try it, try it all,you'll love it !
4	Really enjoyed the gluten free vegan daily special with yellow curry, rice, and salad.   So delicious.  So delicious and filling.  It was my first time and I was very impressed.
4	The staff have certainly improved. The food is great.The decor nice.But really the best food is the falafal.Very healthy.They are open later which is great.
5	This is my go-to for lunch during the week. I usually either get the falafel sandwich or the soup/salad combo. Their portions are generous and very filling, fresh and well-seasoned. I always kick myself when I decide to get lunch somewhere else for a change.
5	My new favorite place to pick up a healthy, veggie lunch downtown. My favorite is the Traditional Falafel sandwich (5 falafel, cabbage, carrots, pickles, sauekraut, sprouts, tahini). First of all, it's huge and I usually get 2 meals out of it. Secondly, it's delicious and full of flavour.  They have several healthy and yummy options, and also have a 'baked goods' section where you can pick up a sweet snack. I definitely recommend stopping by if you're in the area. That said, it's very small, so if you plan to stop in for lunch, I suggest dropping in around 11-11:30.
3	We found parking easy on a Saturday late afternoon. The selection is not large, but it all sounded delicious. Lots of sandwiches and salad, smoothies and teas. If you don't want bread, they will sub it with the insides of the sandwich for basmati type rice.The staff was VERY friendly and warm.There are about 10 or so tables, don't quote me on that. one table by the window is sort of Middle Eastern style, and you can lie instead of sitting straight up. Very cute.The food is not fancy, but it is GOOD. The prices are reasonable.They have desserts that look good.I want to give 3.5 stars, but alas, not a choice. I tried my partner's vegeburger and it WAS delicious I must say. Not your usual.Right next door to this place was another vegan restaurant which looked like the upscale sister restaurant to the green panther. I would like to try that one for dinner.
4	I eat here with some regularity.  The staff is always friendly, the atmosphere is great.  I don't love all the sandwiches, but I really like the BBQ sandwich, and the Falafels are to die for.Deserts are also excellent.
5	Best falafel I have had.  Clean, quaint, friendly.  My husband and I both had the Traditional Falafel plate; the portion size was large.  All the ingredients were fresh.  Our son had them tempeh which was also very delicious.  We shared an oatmeal stoudt; not heavy like other stoudts.   And to top off our meal; carrot cake - MMMMMM.  We all left feeling well nourished but nothing was heavy on our stomach.  I sure wish there was a Green Panther in Philadelphia.
4	Very fresh ingredients! The falafel and veggie burgers are quite good here but a bit expensive for what you are getting. Casual atmosphere - very quaint.My only complaint is that they add way too much ketchup on the veggie burger for me so be warned. Now I just order it without ketchup.
5	I just want to start off by saying this is my new fav healthy restaurant! It has a great little cozy feel to it and a friendly staff.I ordered the falafel full pita which I loved great flavors and the falafels weren't dry at all. Can't wait to try there other choices. For dessert me and my two girlfriends decided to split the tiramisu cake and holy moly was it ever good! I highly recommend this place for all you healthy eaters great menu and also great drinks I had the iced coffe which was also good they also offer smoothies as well.
4	Wow. Fantastic falafel. Fresh ingredients. Cute little place. Wife (non-vegetarian) loved the BBQ tofu and the chai-bella smoothie was the best chai smoothie I've ever had. One star off because the pita is just pita--nothing special--and it's all pita. Otherwise, brilliant. We'll be back.
5	Vegans Indulge!!!Eating a vegan diet while traveling is quite challenging. Rest assured that PV is satisfying most, if not all, of your vegan culinary wishes.  Great atmosphere, friendly hippy-like staff.
2	I opted for the salad of the day as it was one of the only gluten-free options on the menu. When I asked the cashier to give me an idea of what was in the salad she told me it was a combination of "all the salads in the window" and welcomed me to have a look before ordering. I saw a beet salad, sweet potato salad, tofu salad, quinoa, green salad, and others and so placed the order expecting them all to be included. (9.75$, coming out to 13$ with tax, to-go container charge and tip.) When I finally opened the container I was so disappointed! Mostly lettuce, 3 pieces of sweet potato, and a spattering of quinoa. No tofu or beets and hardly filling enough to be a main course for lunch. DEFINITELY not worth the price. I can safely say I'll never go back. I gave it two stars because, to be fair, the salad was tasty, just way overpriced.
5	Hands down the best falafel pita sandwich to be had in Montreal. Delicious, healthy, inexpensive food and cute and friendly staff, need I say more? Try to get the low table by the window!
4	La panthere verte on McKay is next door to Concordia University and not far from McGill so naturally, it has a very studenty feel. It is a bit of a hippy cafe and we went there for lunch 3 times and the food was consistently fresh and delicious. Do not miss their absolutely delicious falafel pita bread, they are possibly the best I have ever had. Also if the place is packed (which it is at lunchtime), you can always go right next door to Crudessence.
5	Oh wow.... Yum! I'm not vegan, not even vegetarian, but I will certain be going back to la Panthere Verte.A vegan friend brought me there on a Wed night for a quick bite. The place was about half-full. We split a veggie burger and a tempehtation pita, which were ready in less than 10 min. The portions were quite generous and both were delicious, but the veggie burger was just a bit better with the pickles and ketchup. Didn't try any of the juices or smoothies, but certainly will next time.Perfect location, with the 24 bus steps away, the Guy metro just around the corner and a Bixi stand a block away.Loved the relaxed atmosphere and all the greenery.
4	La Panthere Verte is a simple and quick vegetarian option if you are seeking a healthy or greasy vegan meal in downtown. It is located near two other vegan restaurant. This area is the "Wholy (holy whole food for long) Trinity" for vegans.La Panthere Verte has a great array of Southeast Asian inspired smoothie options. Most ingredients are organic and locally sourced. The Mile End location can be very busy if you run into the lunch time crowd.The best part is La Panthere Verte's weekly sales.  Soups in mansion jars are sometimes sold for $1, hummus or baba ganoush are sold for $2 and 5 pitas for $3.50, 4 veggie burgers for $6.99. Extremely reasonable if you are seeking for a quick meal and can reheat the food at home.I would highly recommend La Panthere Verte if you are (a starving student like me) in the area.
4	Great place, nice atmosphere. There aren't that many food choices but the BBQ Tofu is good. The price is a little steep, especially for being located right beside Concordia (hello, there are cheap students living here!). Nonetheless, I still pop in there once in a while to get one of there amazing (and expensive) smoothies (the banana mango one is to die for)
5	What a wonderful surprise. This place is simply amazing!!!!! This cute little masterpiece is tucked neatly into the side of the street. It's comfy atmosphere welcomes you with open arms. The staff was beautiful and so well trained. We were treated with such kindness and appreciation. I'm so so so happy this place exists. Vegan, vegetarian an non vegans would love this place. There is something for everyone! 10 out of 10 on the food list. This place will be my regular spot for as long as it is here! Well done!
5	Fantastic smoothie (you really get something for your money!) , it's more like a cream though. Lovely atmosphere and seats! I felt in love with this place the moment I entered, everything about this spot is perfect to me :D the falafel was very delicious too, and not "boring" at all..
4	Food: I mainly go there for their awesome falafel sandwich. It's a good place for a semi-quick & relatively healthy meal. They also sell leftover food as a to go meal in a jar- cool idea. I personally prefer my food fresh and alive. Mood: it's a cute place and could have been pretty homey. But There's something weird about the energy. It feels more like a little machine trying hard to look like a good human :)I like to eat close to where the food is prepare. But here I prefer to take out food there. And really really reaaaaaly don't like drinking in plastic cups! It feels to me, (absurd as you may think) that water dies a little bit when you put it in plastic. They have cute plants hanging throughout the restaurant, but the plants seem sad and unkept. I guess that's not what people care for when reviewing a restaurant, but in case some other energy sensitive folks are there, that's for you :)
4	FOOD:The soup and Falafel Sandwich were amazing with a great Mango Tea! PRICE:  $28.00 ( two large soups + 2 Teas + 1 Falafel Sandwich)Restaurant decorations is good!!! I recommend for anyone who wants  a quickly and tastefully option!!!
