4	I had to stop by and find out what Guy Fierre was talking about. I was not disappointed. The food was very good. The atmosphere, not so much. Its inside of a gas station. The people who were working were very knowledgeable and friendly. I will definitely stop by again when I am out that way and and craving a little Mexican food.
2	Why on earth did Guy Fieri and DD&D come here? I have 100% no idea. Food is actually just fine, but there are thousands upon thousands of places like this. Might as well show gas stations with A&Ws and other fast food chains in them. Nothing stands out here. Please don't make a special trip here, however I guess if you're getting gas and hungry, it's ok. Not worthy of broadcasting on TV for sure. In fact, makes me question the whole DD&D show.
2	Ok let me try this again. This is no longer the same Roberto's that was featured on Food Network. It is def under new management and/or ownership. If you go to robertosaz.com it only has the Anthem location listed and that actually explains everything to me. The staff here is not friendly and there is no one from the old crew here anymore its been like this for awhile now maybe almost a year. I kept coming back thinking that maybe with the changes eventually stuff would work itself out and get back to normal. That didnt happen here and I gave the place many many chances. It really makes me sad after going here for like a decade knowing it wasn't the same I still kept coming back here. You know what they say old habits die hard!?! They really do I was like a kid that kept going back to that mean dog and pulling its tail over and over again while ending up bit every damn time! This was the last straw for me last night. I always order the same thing here...again creature of habit. They have tried this before but they usually work with me this time the cashier tried to nickel and dime me where I ended up with a $10 burrito!! Are you fucking kidding me here!?!?! The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced. I'm looking for a new place now I learned my lesson and wont waste any more time on this place getting mediocre food!
1	Roger and Maria, who were featured on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives, no longer own this place.I was surprised to see it was still open. When we used to go in over a year ago, Roger said he was going to close it and open a new restaurant in Anthem (which he did). But I didn't realize that this original Roberto's would keep the name and stay open under new ownership so there began the confusion. I thought Roger had two locations (which I found out later he does not).I had found a coupon in the SavvyShopper circular for 20% off and that's how I learned this gas station Roberto's was still in operation. So we went. The menu was the same but the food didn't taste the same.Then I got home and realized I'd been overcharged and was not given a receipt. It made me uncomfortable when I read V.W.'s post that the same thing had happened to them. I don't like that sort of "carelessness".Because I thought Roger still owned this restaurant, I just assumed that this gas station 7th Ave and Union Hills website address would be the same as the new Roberto's in Anthem robertosaz.com but then I saw where Laura R. mentioned that the gas station location isn't even listed on their website. The SavvyShopper showed the website address for 7th Ave and Union Hills Roberto's as being different robertosphoenix.com (which I added to this business listing). I knew then something wasn't right because if Roger still owned both certainly he'd have just one website with both physical addresses listed.When you go to the gas station's site  robertosphoenix.com you kind of get the impression it's still owned by Roger and Maria though, it's confusing. The "About Us" section says "We have been providing our clients with the most authentic Mexican dishes for years." and there's a "Food Network" section that says "We are honored to have been featured on the FOOD NETWORK's show: "Dives, Diners & Drive-ins" starring Guy Fieri. Please click here to watch the show right now!" which links to a YouTube of the original show Roger and Maria were on (of course any site can link to any YouTube page). But no where on the whole website are Roger and Maria's names mentioned.So I figured the best thing to do was just call the Anthem location to clarify the whole mess. When I did I was told Roger and Maria no longer owned the gas station location.I found a post from Carina M. under the Roberto's Anthem location which might explain why the Roberto's gas station location can still make the claim to have been on DDD even though Roger and Maria no longer own it. It's because Roberto's is actually a chain out of Las Vegas and San Diego. That would explain quite a bit including the same menus.Even with the identical menus it definitely depends on who is doing the cooking though. This gas station location is just not as good. Some dishes aren't bad like the carne asada plate, the chopped meat is flavorful and not greasy yet I was surprised to see it wasn't a whole grilled piece of steak. The beef taco shell is a tasty crispy fried white flour tortilla that looks like an empanada. But the cheese enchiladas are greasy and their sauce has an odd cinnamon taste. A touch of cinnamon might make the sauce interesting but this tasted like the cook poured the whole bottle in.They are open on Sundays which the "old" Roberto's was not and they do have a coupon page on their website. I'm not going back though even with a coupon because the being charged incorrectly situation just doesn't set well with me.
4	Saw this on Diner's and dives,  While it may appear to be a typical fast food place located in a gas station the food is so much better than the other 'to's' places, like poliburto'a, filibrto's, losbeto's,etc.  Service is generally fast, the al astor is a favorite of mine as are the carne asada taco's.  They even deliver to the surrounding area.
3	It is not as good as it used to be, when the original owners ran the joint, for sure. You can tell that by the lack of business they have these days. Back in the day, there were always a few families at the tables, and the delivery guy was in and out  constantly. That is no longer the case. We went last week and just got some burritos - carne asada and machaca. Both were good, giant burritos like you expect from any of the "berto's" places around town. I prefer their carne asada to others in the vicinity, so we'll probably go back, but it is definitely becoming a hit and miss operation. I'm not sure they will be around for the long haul.One day, I may have to journey up to Anthem to check out the new place the old owners opened.Also, if you are from San Diego - take note that this place offers a very similar menu to those Roberto's, but it is not the same. You will know right away it's not, when you see the hot sauce.
4	OK, got my torta fix! Al Pastor was killer, never had a chance to eat here when it was under the original owners. With that being said the food was good. Ordered a torta and rolled tacos, taquitos. 5 came to an order and had melted cheese on top. Served with a side of guac creme as well. All for around $8 bucks. The place sits inside a gas station, it was dead at 11am, and tables were empty. Are there other place in the valley of the sun for better Mexican food? Sure. However why not support the local joint down on the corner that does serve straight forward great tasting Mexican food! If you are in the area check this place out! Maybe the owner from my last post should come here and see how a true Torta is made!!!!!!
2	So I totally should've read the reviews before I went to lunch today.  I wanted to cross off another place on my triple D list so Roberto's is close to my work so I went to check it out.  I ordered the El Pastor plate which has meat, rice, lettuce, beans, and a tortilla.  The El Pastor meat was actually good I enjoyed that but the rice and beans were really bland.  I judge a Mexican restaurant by how their rice and beans are because if they care about those items then there is usually a lot of love in the food.  So overall this is just another run of the mill Mexican restaurant and it's in a gas station so no points there either.  I will have to go to Anthem to try the real Roberto's so I can really cross it off my list.
2	I have to agree with the other reviews, this place used to be so much better!My hubs & I 1st tried it over 2 years ago & loved it. We stopped by for dinner last Thursday for the 1st time in months. I can't say there's a huge difference in the way the food tastes, but I can definitely say service is lacking! Any way, we always get the same thing-carne asada burritos. They were pretty good . But I do feel like we were over-charged & they only print a receipt with the total so who knows what they add on. If I'm ever in Anthem I will have to check out the original owners new place, they were so nice & will be missed in Phoenix!
1	Ripoff x 2 - Total cashier claimed was "$23.00 even". Gave her my credit card and asked if I wanted copy of receipt. I said yes, but didn't even look at it until later. Surprised I wasn't asked to sign sales slipped either. Check bank statement next day and see card ran for $33.00, not $23. Dug out receipt to discover bill should have been for $22.92. Now dealing with trying to get refund - may have to file chargeback with credit card company. Also got home to discover part of order missing.
2	So I ordered a carne asada quesadilla, having ordered quesadillas in many restaurants I was disappointed when I got home and I got a quesadilla no sour cream no salsa no guacamole just a plain dry quesadilla.  Also they are not very friendly so I have no reason to go back.
1	May I please give NO stars??!! NOTE: This review concerns the Roberto's on Union Hills and 7th Ave. NOT the Roberto's in Anthem!THE BEGINNING:  Saw this place on 'Diners, Drive-ins and Dives' about a year ago, so my GF and I went and ordered burritos to go. She did not want guacamole, so I asked the guy behind the counter if he would add it to mine. When we got home, hers had guac in it and mine looked like they might have waved guac over the burrito. The burritos were bland and had a TINY amount of meat in them.  THE END: Went back about a week ago to give them a second chance (in case we had hit a bad day). The burrito filling tasted old and the burrito was warm at best!THE LESSON: Muy malo!! Stay away! Don't go here! If you want a good, fresh burrito that kicks butt, go to the 'real' Roberto's (original owners) in the city of Anthem. Or Filberto's on 19 ave, north of Bell road. The Adobada (sp) or green chili burritos are great.NOTE: This review concerns the Roberto's on Union Hills and 7th Ave.
3	I like El Bravo!
2	Nothing spectacular on the menu, the gas station location is a royal pain (parking especially), and they lack some basic Mexican food items on the menu.  About the only good thing I can say is that the daily specials are often a screaming deal, such as a bean burrito for $1 (no cheese though, and they wouldn't let me add cheese, even at a nominal cost).
1	If you're looking for the Roberto's that was on Diners Drive-ins and Dives you have to go to Anthem. The owners moved up there. This place is not the same.
3	It wasn't bad. Pastor was very good...best ive had out here so far...which doesn't mean much as I've only been here less than a year. But hey it was good. Chili rellano and cheese enchilada had really good sauce, pepper was not too tasty tho. Cook and cahsier were odd and a tad creepy, Kept staring at us. They gave me a quesadilla and I ordered an enchilada, the guy tried arguing it with me.....I know what I  ordered, and I eventually got it. All in all not bad...will prob visit again.
1	NOTE: This review concerns the Roberto's on Union Hills and 7th Ave. NOT the Roberto's in Anthem!I am only giving it one star because I can't give it 0. Simply put i was very sick after dining there recently. This was the only meal I did not share with my family and therefor the only culprit to my food borne illness. I have enjoyed this place in the past but recently the quality has gone downhill. Now they are closed on Sunday's.I wish i had read recent reviews on here before i had gone. they have slipped VERY far since there Diners Drive-ins and Dives days. the guy that both took my order and cooked my food was obviously drunk. sitting on his cellphone playing what appeared to be a video game when i walked in.
1	Was expecting a lot better product from a restaurant that was featured in Guy Fiore's "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives". Over cooked shredded roast beef for the green chili, so much cheese it masked any type of flavor and the staff was rude and acted like it was annoying to even have a customer. The only enjoyable edible experience I had was the salsa. I definitely won't be back!!
2	Disappointed to say the least.  I thought I'd give this place a 2nd chance...the first being so-so.  I had a simple order...a carne asada taco and a daily special bean burrito for $1...2 minutes later was my shell, my carne, and some runny guacamole or verde sauce on top...I honestly could not tell by taste appearance or texture and have been out here for years.  The bean burrito-what you'd expect...double the price if youw ant cheese..c'mon  It is just not the same as Roger's shop up in Anthem.  Boring, bland, and clearly riding the coattails of its once positive DD&D review.  Don't judge Roberto's by this location on Union hills.  The real deal is up in Anthem off of Daisy Mountain.  The two locations are night and day in terms of quality, service, presentation, ambiance (well that's not fair they are in a gas station).
2	I used to love this place but it is apparantly under new owners who don't care as much as the previous owners.  The food quality has gone downhill as well as the cleanliness.  Sad to see a business fall into disrepair.
1	They are outta there...they closed
1	I guess the new owners just didn't live up to the old, as mine and other reviewers mentioned. The business is no longer there. There's an empty restaurant area in the gas station if someone else wants to try to make a go of it. Sad...
5	I love Roberto's Mexican Food it's delicious and i usually don't like mexican food so it's pretty good.
