5	Sports Bar, Restaurant, Pool, Golden Tee, 5+ Large Flat Screen TV's, and we haven't even gotten to the Menu yet. Wings are Highly Recommended. They have a unique sauce called "Rodeo" it is "BBQ Sauce with Horseradish"  It's really good. We were patronizing this establishment to view the Penguins Game and eat some foods on a Thursday Evening. The daily special was Beef Tacos $1.25 each & choice of Hard Shell, Soft Shell, or Grilled Soft Shell. We all tried the Grilled Soft Shell, and we were all extremely delighted. PROS: 7 Days a Week the Daily Specials are AWESOME!  Easy Parking CONS: Limited amount of Draught / Tap Beers. (3, I think) and inside Smoking. Bartender was very friendly. Looking forward to returning.
1	I have been to the Fireside a few times because they do have okay food, but my past several experiences have gone from bad to worse. First, I ordered wings and an appetizer from there for pickup. We were told 30 minutes, and my boyfriend headed over in 30 minutes only to get there and wait an additional 30 minutes. Obviously they never put the order in, but of course not only did they not admit that, but they also never apologized or offered any extras for our inconvenience of waiting twice what they promised. So still, we decided to give them another chance. Their wing nights are Tuesdays and Wednesdays offering $.30 wings. We double checked the website for the special to  make sure we had the right day and price before we left the house. As we arrive and sit down there is a piece of paper at the end of our table stating Wednesday wings are $.50 (Almost double what they used to be).  When the waitress finally comes over I ask and SHOW HER that the website says wings are $.30 today. She says, "Oh that needs changed. They're not. They're $.50".  No, "I'm sorry" because that's their motto, and no offering to honor the special stated on the website since that's what drew us in to begin with. We immediately got up in left. My recommendation is to drive the extra 1/8 mile down the road to MUGSHOTS in the shopping center. Better environment, good food, BETTER PRICES by a mile, and better service. You walk into the Fireside and everyone just stares at you like you don't belong because you aren't in there 6 days a week, and the staff is completely miserable
4	Old school bar. Smoker friendly. Classic bar food...chicken fingers, sandwiches, and very good wings. Daily specials for food & booze. Pool tables & darts too. Danny the bartender will make you feel like you've been a regular for years even on your first visit. And they even have the 50 yard line from Three Rivers Stadium Turf on the wall as you walk in. Classic Pittsburgh bar thru & thru.
