4	A pleasant Oasis of quality, affordable Mexican cuisine smack-dab in the middle of fast-food hell, I found The Blue Adobe to be a refreshing break from the seemingly endless array of franchise-clones that plague every corner of the greater Mesa area.My first visit to Blue Adobe was immediately following a 14 hour drive from San Francisco with my ladyfriend Tassie and two drugged-out cats that somehow managed to howl most of  the way down.  We were tipped off to the place by another colleague of mine that had moved to Sun Valley about three years prior.  I was a little worried when I saw the establishments Howard-Johnson's style exterior, but all fears evaporated when we entered what I consider to be a first class effort at creating a great dining environment, and doing so without exuding the slightest bit of pretentiousness. The menu was pretty interesting too....it was creative without resorting to obnoxious San Francisco-style creativity where the menu description gives little clue as to what you'll be served. To the contrary...the menu did a great job of describing traditional Mexican fare, skillfully presenting additional nuances that came across as tempting details rather than vague liabilities.The food was great...tasty, and with several marks of distinctions that set it apart from anything else I've had in the Mesa area.  Skillful presentation, creative seasonings, and the absence of excessive fat were among it's strong points.We went here twice, and both times we sung it's praises.  But Tassie returned here with her relatives one day, and not all went well.  The staff was friendly as usual till one party showed up with a infant/toddler.  It took eons to get a high-chair, and from that point on the level of service went from warm-and-fuzzy to cold-and-distant.  I still give it thumbs up for grownups....but reports from afar tell me that this place is anything but kid-friendly.
3	Several of our friends just LOVE this place. But our experience has been just so-so. In fact, similar to Mike W.s. We brought our kids -- who are very well-behaved and restaurant savvy I must add -- and the service was cool-to-just plain rude. You would think they would realize a big tip was possible what with us ordering almost $100 in food! But noooo... Anyway, the food was good, but since I can get pretty defensive when it comes to my kids, I probably won't go here again.
4	'It's Mexican food captain, but *not* as we know it.  I was introduced to this place many years ago and I keep coming back because the food is good and I've never found another place quite like it.  The flavors are a little different than what I'm used to.  This is New Mexican food as in that state next door, not New as in nouveau or anything pretentious like that.  The speicals are usually decent but I'm a sucker for my old standbys.  The spooning rellenos plate and the Sante Fe which is a sort of mix and match  create our own which I always get with a chile relleno, a cheese enchilada and either a beef taco or a beef tamale.  Mmm!They have two sorts of sauces that get draped over stuff, red and green.  Green is spicy. Red is hot.  If you don't like hot, don't say I didn't warn you.  I always order it on the side.  It feels a little bit prissy but that way I don't have to deal with too much sauce if I don't feel like it.  And hell, I'm the one who has to eat it and pay for it, so I want it how I want it.I'm surprised at the reviews for bad service as I've always had good service there.  I must just be so charming that people go out of their way to be nice to me.  Yeah that's it! So if you go, remember to be charming, and bring your Visa card.. because they .. oh wait, they do? Nevermind.
5	This was the first restaurant we tried when we moved to Arizona.  It was absolutely delicious.  This place serves New Mexico cuisine, which is a world away from your average Mexican food oozing in cheese and red sauce.The carne adovada sliders are to die for!  The slow cooked spicy meat is nestled between a fried tortilla cut to look like little burger sliders.  It's served on top of a bed of lettuce and is enough food to be a meal than just an appetizer.  My husband consistently order the Jala Holla steak with its jalapeno hollandaise sauce.  My friend loved her green chili crab dip served with fresh tortilla chips.  This place has pretty good fresh fruit margaritas.  I really loved the mango margaritas!I really liked the one in Mesa, but the neighborhood borders on sketchy.  I tried the one in Scottsdale when it first opened and it wasn't as good as the Mesa branch.  However, when we moved to North Phoenix, we settled on going to the one on Frank Lloyd Wright.   The chef owner is very pleasant and has remembered us in both locations!
4	Solid restaurant, I went here b/c it was close the Mesa Arts Center ([rave] that place is awesome! [/rave]) and was pretty pleased with the experience.  I'd heard good things about it on Chowhound, and so was expecting solid food.  They have a very New Mexican menu that seems to be heavy on the seafood special.  I got the blue crab enchilada and was quite pleased with the flavors and freshness of the sauce and rice, while the enchilada itself was literally stuffed with tender, moist crab.  I also had a delicious prickly pear margarita.  The atmosphere is kind of interesting: the decor is surprisingly stylish, with the specials written in chalk on several big boards on the wall, and an inviting, pleasing palette of colors throughout.  The open layout was kind of funky, and I was a bit disappointed there were no booths in the entire place.  You could tell they didn't have a huge remodeling budget when they opened, but they did pretty well with what they had.  The neighborhood isn't great, but I don't hold that against the place.  I do think the time is ripe for a West Mesa revival, a la 7th and Melrose or the Sunnyslope area.  You heard it here first...  (I really need to get a blog again)Overall, a good-to-great experience, and I'll definitely plan on going there again prior to MAC shows, but I doubt I would drive out to downtown Mesa to eat there again just for itself.  It's not quite a standout in a pretty crowded genre, but it's certainly a solid choice for those in the area.
4	Blue Adobe is a favorite of mine. I have been coming here for years and loved it every time. The menu is really unique offering New Mexican Cuisine with a flair. They have a myriad of daily specials featuring beef, pork, chicken, and even seafood.The outside of the building is hardly impressive, and the neighborhood is wanting... Although, the interior has a nice clean, warm, modern feel.Everything I have tried here was a success - so be bold and explore the entire menu.
5	Mesa does not have a lot of fine dining, so Blue Adobe is really a gem.  I love the Vegetarian Chimichange and the fish tacos.  But perhaps my favorite part of the meal is the dinner salad.  They really know how to put together greens.  I highly recommend the entire experience.
5	To simply label this another variety of Mexican restaurant would be disingenuous.  On any given night when it's cooler you can smell the Pecan wood burning in the grill when you drive past. The menu is labeled by the owners as "New Mexican" cuisine, and can pass just about any sort of snob test for its price range and even a bit higher- although the facade of the building and the overall feel of the place is a bit downscale.The salsa is medium with a genuine smoky flavor, the salads are fantastic with European style Goat and Mexican Cotija cheeses, and the Chicken and Pork entrees are far and away better , and more original, than anything you will find in a shopping center close the I-10 in Chandler. If you choose something other than the normal Southwestern style fare: Enchilada/Relleno/ Chimichanga (which are good), you will most likely be treated to the taste of a real pecan fire. For dessert try a Southwestern Tiramasu- Wow.
4	Had lunch here again yesterday. The outside of the building is deceiving, as the interior is nicely decorated and offers a dark, modern, comfortable atmosphere. The menu is unique and exciting. They offer lunch sized portions and heartier dinner sized portions.Their southwest pork tenderloin (i think it was a dinner special one night) was a real treat, and the chimis are perfection. Definitely request their "hotter" salsa.
5	Great little restaurant for any occasion. It's comfortable inside and the staff is very personable. They make Patron margaritas and the salsa is tasty. I've only had the Chimichilada ... but that's because once you taste the amaretto mushroom cream sauce, you won't want anything else.
4	Am I blue? Only in a good way...  as in the BLUE ADOBE GRILLE variety, baby! This is one of those restaurants that serves REAL southwestern (New Mexico style) cuisine... not some chain themed thang. Naw, this is the real deal.I have only visited the Mesa location, and while its not much from the outside, its got everything you need on the inside. Like the Prickly Pear Margarita for starters -- sweet and refreshing on a hot summer evening. I had the Tango something or other... which is not currently shown on their website menu. It included a mushroom enchilada that was to die for, as well as some fresh zucchini and carrots julienned and I believe a polenta/seafood thang which was scrumptious. Their salsa is down-right addictive!Service is excellent. I will be back without a doubt. Website and menu design needs help.http://blueadobegrille.com/
5	Lucky for my hubby and I, the first New Mexican restaurant that we were going to go to was closed so we ended up at Blue Adobe.  The previous Yelpers warned me not to worry about the neighborhood and exterior of the building so we didn't and proceeded.  It was a wonderfully clean and smelled intoxicating!I ordered the green chile chicken corn chowder and the lobster tamale and portabella mushroom enchilada with an amaretto mushroom cream sauce.  The corn chowder was fantastic!  It was presented beautifully and was delicious.  Okay, enough of that...let me say that I can't imagine ever ordering anything but that mushroom enchilada again!!!  The mushrooms were perfectly sauteed in butter and the amaretto sauce is something I never would have dreamed up.  Incredible!My husband ordered the Red Chile Pork Posole soup and a combo platter that had a bunch of different stuff on it that I couldn't pay any attention to.  I was too full even before finishing my own meal.  He did say that it was really good and would come back again.Oh yeah, the Peach sangria was the strongest sangria I've ever had.  It had peach schnapps in it...a lot!  Well worth $7.00.
4	Blue Adobe is a little blue sapphire in the rough! The service was prompt and courteous.  The complementary chips and salsa were yummy....but I wish they had a hot salsa option. I went for lunch, and had the portobello mushroom enchalada with rice and beans.  The enchalada was very rich with Adobe cream sauce and cheese. It had a very unique flavor....oddly familiar. I couldn't pin point it until I asked. It was ameretto. Ahhh!! That's it! The ameretto added a distinct flavor, but I think it was almost overpowering. Just a tad less would've been nice! The rice and (pinto) beans were flavored to perfection! The New Mexican cuisine was a delight!  Enjoy!
3	I've been here quite a few times, as my family that comes in from out of town loves the place. They're very savvy when it comes to New Mexican cuisine and they say Blue Adobe's excellent. One time I ordered their special which was some sort of salmon taco plate. Boy it was seriously one of the best things I'd ever eaten at any (New) Mexican restaurant period. Another time I ordered the standard taco plate which was pretty good but not fantastic, but then again it's just tacos so I don't know what I was expecting. I've also ordered some of their spicier meat plates which have all been good. Plates run anywhere from $11-$20, with most of them falling somewhere right in the middle of that bracket. It's not a cheap Southwest fare restaurant by any means. Although it's good I don't know if it warrants $16 a plate. The one thing that really turns me off is how bad the acoustics are in the restaurant. It gets EXTREMELY noisy in there, so much so that you can't even hear the people you're sitting with as they're screaming at you from across the table. I went here for my birthday with my mother and fiance recently and it turned out to be a huge headache because none of us could hear one another talk. I think because the place is just a large open room with cement floors and no partitions makes the sound bounce like crazy. I've tried sitting in all areas of the restaurant, and unfortunately you can't escape the noise.That alone will probably keep me from going back again, but I wouldn't let it dissuade anyone from checking it out. Just be forewarned that if you go when they're busy, you're bound to get an earful.
4	great chips and salsa, had the lobster tamale gf had the salmon something or other.  everything was tasty and spicy. great service
4	This place is great, It was the first place i dined when I moved to the valley and i continue to go back. The food is outstanding and the service is great. I always get the enchiladas and my girlfriend always goes with the salmon. She always says its the best fish in town, and after trying it she is right. If you want great food and service at a reasonable price go with the blue adobe. Also, they have some of the best chips and salsa.
5	A great find.  One of our new favorites, the Santa Fe style food here is some of the best to be found in the valley.  The atmosphere inside is quite charming and our server was attentive and friendly.  Highly recommended.
1	I wish I was rating this place higher. However, lack of follow through from management leaves me no choice.Quick review: Got a big group? Don't bother calling and setting things up with Dianna. You'll feel like second-class citizens. It's sad, really.I knew something was wrong when I called on Wednesday to try and see if this place could accommodate our #evfn (East Valley Friday Nights) group. When I asked the person if they could accommodate 30 people, he suggested I call back and speak with Dianna the next day. Odd, but OK.When I spoke with Dianna on Thursday, I explained that we'd be bringing 30 people for a combination of dinner and drinks. She readily agreed that they could handle such a crowd, and said she would be happy to reserve A) a section of the bar and B) a group of tables contiguous to the bar, as not everyone would be eating dinner. Great. Sounds perfect, as some of us like to mingle, and setting us in one long table doesn't help with that.When we arrived at the schedule time, we found four small round tables pressed together near the bar, where a grand total of three chairs were unoccupied. You do the math. 30 people it was NOT going to accommodate.As the attendees began filing in -- and the space quickly filled -- we spoke to the management (possibly Dianna, though she never identified herself) and secured another table near us that was soon to vacate. Another four-top.As our numbers quickly swelled to the promised 30, there simply wasn't room. And this was around 6:30, so it's not as if we were early. Some of our late arrivals grabbed an available table -- only to be rather rudely told by management that the table had been reserved and that she had "already informed them that there were no seats available.". Great. So much for making room for the 30 we had spoken about.In the end, we called it short an hour into the evening. Having the bartender also act as our server was a huge mistake. The boy did what he could, but there was no way he could keep up with the growing bar patrons -- not our people -- and our swelling numbers. So everything was delayed -- including out trying to get the hell out of there so the place could return to normalcy. I'd not be surprised if some tabs went unpaid. Unfortunate if it happened, but patience only lasts for so long. And remember that they AGREED to allow us to bring the event to their establishment.The kicker? When one of our attendees mentioned that things weren't  going so well. Dianne's answer? "I told the man who called that we couldn't handle this size of a group, but you all decided to come anyhow!" So in the end, the shitty review. You'll probably see more. Up front I said this was unfortunate. And it's true, for the food was excellent. I had chili rellenos and was quite impressed. However, I'll never go back to this place because of bad service. And mind you, all of this was pre-arranged. We never went over our promised 30 people. Hell, they couldn't handle us when we were less than 20. It's not even communication failure. It's follow through failure.So feel free to try this group when it's a party of 2. Anything larger... you're on your own. And forget reservations. And abandon the idea of talking to Dianna. She obviously isn't anyone who can follow through.
1	Having arranged our large group in advance, we were given 1/2 the space we needed, the restaurant itself was uncomfortably warm, and the service was awful - to put it nicely.After not being allowed to sit at one of the four open tables, several of us sat at the bar next to other patrons (not with our group) who were drinking and eating. When we mentioned to the bartender, whose attention it took almost 15 minutes to get, that we would like to order, he was clearly put out at the prospect of having to deal with it.A few minutes later when I asked for a glass of ice water, the bartender said "NO. Not at the BAR". When our food came, it was delicious (although one of the orders was wrong).In general the entire staff at the restaurant seemed put upon by our group.It's a shame, really, because the food was delicious. Pretty sure I won't be returning to Blue Adobe Grill.
1	But the food was excellent!Too bad the service was so poor.  I'd called earlier in the week (Sunday) and asked if the restaurant could handle a group of approximately 30 people from 6-8 on the following Friday.  I was assured they could and that I should verify the reservation by Wednesday.  They also suggested we choose from a shorter menu to expedite everything.  Fine.  The other organizer called to verify and was assured we were welcome.  I arrived early and found four round tops set aside for us, plus one end of  the bar.  We shoved the tables closer together hoping to get another one into that corner, but no such luck.  The single waiter struggled to take drink orders and then food orders as half our group ended up standing and shuffling around other patrons attempting to get to the restroom.  We did snag one more table but when we tried to get another one, a woman who I assumed was the manager asked those people to move - that table was reserved.  (Though is was not used until much later as we tried to check out)  A few of our group at the bar were at first told they couldn't order food, and another couldn't get water.  We realized they just couldn't hand us and tried to get our checks.  I had to pay my drink order and my food order separately.  Two people got their checks and the rest of us ended up standing in a line to pay our bills.  Nobody helped this one poor waiter at all.I realize we have a large group but we did call more than once in advance and were assured there wouldn't be a problem.  When I mentioned to the manager that we were not please with the service she informed me that it was our fault, and that she'd warned us they were overbooked.  Gee, I don't remember any conversation that went that way.As far as I know, none of us had any complaints about the actual food though.  I heard many compliments and my meal was very good.  Its just that we were made to feel unwelcome, the service was very slow and the people at the bar seemed to have quite an attitude when our people tried to order anything but alcohol.Don't say you can handle a large group and then drop the ball before we even get started.
2	This was my second visit to Blue Adobe, and I won't be back. The first visit was for a family birthday dinner, about 10 people, and they had trouble coordinating our tables, goofed up our orders, and generally didn't seem to care about us much at all. But the food was tasty (once they got it right) so I thought I'd try again with the EVFN group.Two of the staff seemed trying to help, but everyone else either ignored us or seemed inconvenienced by all of us ordering dinner and drinks. What a mess.Now I know the service problem wasn't a fluke. It seems to be a restaurant living on a very good cook's skills in the kitchen, and those skills are the only reason it isn't getting a single star. For good New Mexican style food, I'd suggest Los Dos Molinos not too far away.
1	Here's the deal....I go to restaurants for two things -- food, and service.The food at Blue Adobe Grill would get five stars. It was that good. As a former resident of Albuquerque (see, I even know how to spell it) I know what authentic New Mexico style food looks and tastes like, and this is the real deal. I had the Carne Adovado stacked enchiladas and they were delightful.Sadly, horrific service can destroy a dining experience and the service here easily qualified as horrific. I was with the (prearranged) large group mentioned in a couple of other reviews. Once I was finally able to locate my own menu, and once the server reluctantly (and rudely) agreed to take our order, the food came relatively swiftly. I was disappointed that the fried egg I ordered was left off, but the server said he'd be right back with it. I never saw him again. The closest I came to getting the egg was on my check, where the cost was added in. Rather than wait for what would probably be another half an hour to get the check corrected, I just chalked it up as a loss and moved on. If you want good food and lousy service, come here. If you want both good New Mexico style food AND good service, try Los Dos Molinos in Mesa (very close by) or Carlsbad Taverns in Scottsdale.
2	I was among the large group several other reviewers mentioned that visited Blue Adobe Grille. The points they made in their reviews were right on the money. Because of that, I'll keep this short and add just a few more.The one server taking care of the group was hit and miss. He paid attention to some and seemed to ignore others. I was encouraging him to go around the table to take each order but instead would take one at a time back to the kitchen, and ignore others as he was walking away. Not very efficient. Still, he was trying, so I'll give him that. One of the two stars above goes to him.I shared a chicken quesadilla and bean queso dip appetizer. Nothing complicated, but it WAS good. The plates others had looked appetizing also - when and if they ever got them. That accounts for the second star.The manager, walked up to me at one point near the end of our visit. I was standing by our assigned 4 tables chatting with another person in our group. In an annoyed voice she said, "I'm going to have to ask you to not crowd the other tables."  I was 3 feet away from the next table - I counted the tiles on the floor just to make sure. Is 3 feet considered crowding?  Those three blank stars? Lack of follow-through, lack of service and lack of accountability by the manager.
5	Great food and Ive never been there with more than 6 people so my service experiences have been top notch.
3	I did enjoy this place. The chips and salsa were good and the wait staff was nice. This place gets super loud and I don't know why, it was kinda frustrating. I got the chimichanga, it was good and the beans and rice were fantastic but the chimi was super greasy. It even formed a noticable pool of grease on my place. That was kinda sick but its still tasted good. Blue Adobe is a bit pricey for what it is but I would go back there again.
5	First off, to that group of 30 who had such a bad experience and are now piling on the 1-star reviews: I'm sorry you had such a bad experience. You did your best to alert them to the size of your group and your needs, and they let you down. I get that. But piling on a ton of 1-star reviews, especially when most of you enjoyed your food, is over the top. IMHO there should be a single review for your entire group. But I digress.I've been to this place 3-4 times now, and it has never disappointed.  The food has always been fresh and flavorful, and from what I'm told, it's truly authentic New Mexico-style.  The service has always been prompt and friendly. The only thing I don't care for is the noise - the place has a concrete floor and metal (low) ceiling, and it gets quite loud.. but not loud enough to subtract a star, the food and service makes up for it.  Give it a try, and unless you have a huge group that overwhelms, I'll bet you love it.
5	The chips and salsa, margaritas, and every dish I've ordered here has been fantastic.  I use to travel to Phoenix for work every now and again and would make a point teach trip to visit the Blue Adobe.  Fabulous New Mexican and Tex-Mex, and the service is very friendly.The occupancy varies.  Some nights, we'd be one of only a few parties, and other nights it would be quite crowded.  I've never had to wait for a table and have never made a reservation.
5	If you're in the mood for some delicious New Mexican food, THIS is the place to go! The portion sizes seem small, but in reality, they're perfect; especially following a round of yummy chips and salsa. As an appetizer, we ordered a Mexican pizza with green chilis (not on the menu, but pretty much a staple anywhere), which was a great way to start off the meal. As an entree, I ordered the beef chimichanga. The beans and rice were fantastic; lots of flavor, and the chimichanga was amazing! It was nice and crisp, and the beef was shredded perfectly (no chunks, gross...). For a table of four, the prices were good, and the service was even better. We had a fantastic waiter who was very much on top of everything we needed, and was very fast. One recommendation: make sure to make a reservation. We didn't have a reservation and ended up waiting about an hour before being seated.
4	Surprisingly good.   Didn't look like much on the outside, or inside but the food was good, but the service can be suspect
5	The series of 1 star reviews below is unfair, they place only has like 30 chairs in it total, in order to serve 30 people at one sitting, they would have to close the restaurant down.  I wish there was a civil service requirement where everyone would have to work in a restaurant.  The fact that these people assume they are the judges of east valley taste is ridiculous, I would hate to be around a table of 30 people all scheming to write bad reviews of the place their still in...Enough ranting.  The service here is very nice, the staff knows the place backwards and forwards and the decor is well kept and very Northern New Mexican.  It's a little disconcerting from the outside, par for many great places in Mesa.The food is spectacular.  This is food that it takes time to make.  Pecan wood smoked shrimp, pork abodova all take time and good ingredients to get right.We did it right here.  Had the New Mexican Corn Chowder to start, creamy and delicious.  Margaritas are huge and very good.For dinner I had the Taos platter, Tenderloin Rejeno, Shrimp Enchilada and smoked pork tamale.  All of which were great.  I am a huge eater and could not finish my plate.We did have room for a glass of port, nice liquor selection btw and an order of their banana creme brule which was a nice end to a nice meal.Great place, great way to ditch the sonoran mexican food blues.  Unless you like Sonoran cheese and grease on a plate.  These chips and salsa were great, verde salsa and multicolored corn chips.  Yes!Oh yeah, also very affordable, no dish is over $20, including the great steak my gf had.
5	One of the best restaurants in the East Valley. I've been going to Blue Adobe for about five years, and it's as good today as it was the first time I visited. The service is first rate and attentive, with seating prompt, and the restaurant is clean (including the bathrooms).Blue Adobe is a great option for someone who likes Mexican but wants a healthier option. Nothing is smothered in cheese, is refried, or is greasy, even when fried. Portions are huge, but they aim for quality more than quantity.My favorite dish the Adobe Salad (a large with added shrimp will put you back about $15, but it's worth every penny), made of baby greens, goat cheese, roasted red peppers, tortilla strips, and the most amazing and addictive orange/chipotle dressing and your choice of protein (tenderloin, shrimp, salmon, chicken, or none at all).Another great dish worth mentioning are the tenderloin rellenos. Typical Mexican restaurant chili relenos are eggy with greasy filling; these are lightly breaded and filled with high quality cheese and meat. These rellenos hold their pepper shape well too; you won't find a chile flattened across your plate here.The negatives: it can get kind of loud from conversation. I also thought their pizza was mediocre, but I think the pizza dishes aren't on the menu anymore.Pay no attention to the rash of one-star reviews. Blue Adobe seats about 30-40; if the group had actually tried to make a reservation for a group that big, they'd have been told to rent the whole restaurant for the night. Shame on them for showing up with more people than promised and then flaming this review board.
4	I had a very yummy lunch yesterday. I opted for the pork adovada? I think that's what it was called. very tasty. my friend ordered their spinach salad w strawberries and pine nuts and that looked super tasty. I have two complaints:the ceiling and the seating arrangements. The ceiling is really yucky and the air vents are surrounded by black stain. it makes you wonder when the last time they cleaned the filters to make the air stain the ceiling like that. and all of the crusty yellow spots crumbling away? ew. The seats, way uncomfortable!!! really old chairs w no tush cushion and no booths. I think it's time for an upgrade!and lastly, it would be nice to see some more friendly lunch prices- we split the bill down the middle and it came out to $16 each, that's a bit high. I won't be returning for lunch but I would go again for dinner...maybe. when I think about sitting in those awful chairs i give it a second thought.
3	Really enjoyed this meal. Great service. The chips were good and the salsa was very tasty. The margarita on the rocks was pretty good. The stacked enchiladas with grilled pecan shrimp were very good. I would definitely return to try some other items on the menu.
3	Ok, so after the scathing initial review, I went back. The food's just that good. Service was MUCH better than my first visit. Granted, I've had better service at 3:00am in the Jack in the Box drive-thru than I got the first time around at Blue Adobe. It HAD to be better.  Not great service, but acceptable.
3	I wanted Mexican food. I've been on a Mexican food kick. Nevermind that I had Rosa's on Friday. I wanted Mexican food on a new day - Saturday.A good girlfriend of mine suggest Blue Adobe. It's close to your house, she said. I gave a mental shrug and thought, "why not?"I had passed Blue Adobe many times on my way to the Mesa Arts Center and had always meant to try it. But each time I passed, it always looked closed. The dark windows they have are very deceptive my friend, very deceptive. Plus, the lack of cars in the parking lot always made me think they were closed, too!So I pulled up. Then I saw the cars parked *behind* the building. OH!Walked in and thought it was decorated quite tastefully, although their chairs leave a bit more to be desired.Chips and salsa were good, I'll give them that. Service was good, too. I think it helped that my friend had been there several times. When she arrived, the server's eyes perked up - I kid you not! He clearly had seen her in there before.I looked over the menu and realized it's NEW Mexican cuisine. Sorry, I'm not a fan of New Mexico food. When I want Mexican, I want MEXICAN. Don't give me Tex-Mex or New Mex shit.So...strike one for them.My friend got the beef lettuce wraps. She raved about how fabulous they were. I kept looking at her lettuce thinking, "It's freaking iceberg lettuce. How can you be happy with that?"I ended up getting their salmon, lettuce and tomato sandwich...it came with fries. The dish was aight for me, but it didn't make me want to do my little happy dance. The bacon was nice. The salmon was nice...and their bread for it was a bit like a ... pita? I didn't pay attention to the bread, thinking it would be a regular ole type of sandwich bread. Nerp. Toast has more substance.The bonus about the fries? They were unsalted.I read all the laudatory reviews - best new cafe in 2007, blah blah blah. Culinary delight to the senses...yada yada yada.I can sum it up with one letter in quick succession: ZZzzzzZzzzzI'll give this place another shot some other time, but for now I'm gonna leave it be.If you like New Mexican cuisine, this is the place fer ya. If you want down home plain ole Mexican food, stick to Rosa's (which is what I will do). And hell, should I ever decide I can't hold out on a Sunday for Mexican food because Rosa's is closed, I'll go to Rosita's. Yea, their lack of windows still has great issues for me, but I will take their food any day over Blue Adobe.
4	Went there for Dinner on a Friday night and I have to say I'm impressed by the quality of the food and the reasonable prices.  There's a great deal of variety and some creative New Mexican dishes.  I'd go so far as to say this is the best New Mexican restaurant in the East Valley!  Its not super spicy like Los Dos but there's a lot more flavor and you'll still feel the burn.Pro's:  The Food and ServiceCon's:  Ambiance & decor could use a little jazzing up, location is not ideal
2	I was very hopeful for this place. I ordered the carne adovada and my honey ordered the stacked enchiladas. He said I should give it a one, but I have definitely experienced worse, overall. The waiter was good, he brought us everything and it was all correct. He only forgot to bring me an extra tortilla, but later remembered toward the end of my meal. And on the topic of that, the tortillas were pretty bad. Definitely mass produced right here in the factories of the good ol US of A. My adovada was chile-y.. is that a word? It tasted just like chile powder. And the enchiladas were nothing to brag about. Honey hated them. No one was overly nice, although the setting was cute. Kids liked their chicken quesadilla. But they're kids. And it's a quesadilla. I can't bring myself to giving this place any more than a 2 star. Maybe I just had too high of hopes for this place... eh...
5	I see a lot of the reviews are about service.  I can't speak to those same experiences, as I've always received good service.  Then again it has always been just my wife and I.  It seems the poor service has been with larger crowds.Anyway, the food is beyond good.  This is New Mexican, not Mexican...so if you are expecting Jalisco style food -- go elsewhere.  This is not that.To me, this place has the best Carne Adovada I've ever had.  Ever.  It is so tender and delicious I always eat too much.  The Chile Relleno is great as well (I make sure to add some tenderloin in there like it used to be in the old menu).The rice/beans aren't the best to me, but that's not why I go.  The chips and salsa (not free) are delicious as well...salsa is really good.We don't get here as often as I'd like, but I'm a huge fan of the food.  Too bad others have had poor service experiences.
3	Guess I lucked out going with only one person. Service at lunch was good and the food was tasty. I can't say that anything was exceptional here but neither was it horrible.
4	Cut to the chase: we were lucky and came early on a Wednesday, so the recommended reservations weren't needed, but you can absolutely see why they are. The chorizo stuffed chicken was out of this world; if it's any indication of what the rest of the menu is like, you can see how this place would be churning on Friday and Saturday nights. They're close by the Cubs' spring training home at Hohokam, so it was a quick drive there from the park.The photo is wrong; the place has been painted a deep cerulean blue.
5	Great Place! The food was like a fine restaurant in Taos! I had the Taos Combo Honey Smoked Pork Tamale, Tenderloin Relleno & Shrimp Enchilada for 16.95. Awesome! Rustic and tasty! They server was very good! We went to the Roaring Fork the night before and the food was not that good and cost 2 times more than B/A and I was treated to an undercooked piece of chicken! :oP Go if you have the chance! Don't forget the Sopapillas! We had 10 people and the service was great. As for the one star ratings. You can't drop a single star rating an then say the food is great. To me 90% of a rating is the food. Scottsdale location was Awesome as well! went there 2 nights in a row. Places have off nights it happens. If you say the food was great but you will never go again seems like your a bit high maintenance. Get over it!
3	I've been here twice and the average of the two visits is a 3. The first time was an #evfn event that gave them 1 star for embarrassingly terrible service for my one margarita.This time I dined there for lunch with a group of 6 and it was a 4! Unbelievable!Lets just start with the salsa; the lovely, surprisingly dark addictive salsa. I recall at least 4 occasions where I inquired if it was available for take home purchase. Yay once again for non tomato based salsa!Additionally I had a seafood enchilada that was TO. DIE. FOR. Honestly. It was just the right size for lunch and had salmon, halibut, shrimp, delicious cheese and was made with no tomato as requested. Topped with green Chile it had an amazing flavor that I ended up craving the rest of the day.Everyone in my group was completely satisfied. Even the meatloaf sandwich lunch special a coworker had looked delicious and I don't even really like meatloaf. The service was kinda awkward, for lack of better words, but this completely made me feel better about this place. While it's a little out of the way, I can see it becoming a work lunch spot on occasion... and I won't complain and tell them about my horrid experience from before.
3	Overall really 3.5 (we need half stars!)I've been going here for years, very since they had a place in Chandler. I think the Chandler location had better food but I head to BAG about once a year since it is not close anymore.The food is a large step above the average mexican or southwest place. They have some very creative dishes and they all taste good.My oly criticism is that they use too much cheese and sauce. It smothers some of the flavors they should be accentuating. If they would lighten up on these they'd gain another star.
5	This place has a cool "hole in the wall" feel to it.  Kind of small.  Reading the reviews...I guess it's lucky we got a seat on a Friday night (it was kind of late though, around 8:30pm I think).  Started with chips and salsa.  All very good.  Wife loved her chimichanga.  She thought it was great and will definitely be coming back for more.  She also enjoyed her Mango Margarita that had a good kick to it.  I had a double stacked chicken enchilada "New Mexican" style with an egg on top (got mine scrambled).  It was quite good also.  Got it "christmas style" with Red and Green "chili sauce" on the side.  Red was a bit too warm for me and the green wasn't my favorite...but in small doses it was actually pretty good on the enchilada.  I think the salsa would've actually been perfect on this dish and next time I go (yes, I definitely will return) I will order that dish with salsa instead.  Good stuff. Service was also pretty good.  It seems the servers (or at least ours) do double-duty tending bar and serving customers.  I did want a water at one point and our food had not come out yet, so he wasn't passing by our table.  I did look up at the bar and he was scanning the room, noticed I was looking up his way to get his attention and he ran right over to see what we needed.  No complaints.  Torn between a 4 and 5 star.  My only issues are subjective to my tastes...not necessarily a statement of the quality of the food or service...so I think I'm going with a 5.  My wife was especially pleased with her meal. Finally, their rice is also very good (standard side).
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place.  The food, the service are top notch.The food is tremendous.  Everything from their killer homemade salsa and guac to the rellenos, pecan wood grilled shrimp and stacked enchiladas (the adovada is divine) is delicious.  Hard to go wrong.  The margaritas rock.  And believe it or not, their creme brulee is the best I've had outside of France.I do not say this lightly.  I was in the restaurant business myself for many years, and love to eat out.  Blue Adobe is my favorite restaurant in this country.  It's a good thing I have relatives in Phoenix (I live in CA), as I would have to make up an excuse to travel here just to come to this restaurant.  In fact, the last time I was in, I overheard another patron say that he has been to over 100 countries, and this is his favorite restaurant of all.Don't pay attention to the one-star "group of 30" people.  Anyone who calls day-of to inform of (not request) a mass influx deserves what they get.  That kind of event needs much greater lead time, and it just goes to show how thoughtless and self-important some restaurant goers can be.  Get a clue, people.  Diana bends over backward every time my family comes to visit.  I've only ever had friendly, hard working service each time there, perhaps because we are unassuming, non-demanding, realistic people.Love you, Blue Adobe!  Wish I had you closer to me!
4	This place is GREAT and you would never guess it from the outside! We were at the youth museum and were looking for a late lunch on a Sunday. This place was open and the yelp reviews looked pretty good! Service was excellent! The waiter suggested the seafood enchilada or the Laos combo. We ordered both so we could sample the top picks. The plates are plentiful-  we could have easily shared one and just had a salad with it. Great fresh flavors! The fresh salsa is wonderful - smoky chipotle and not too overly oniony. The seafood enchiladas had halibut and salmon inside and fresh salsa verde over the top. So yummy! The trio/combo plate came with a choice of verde or red sauce - we went for red, which was the spicier variant -it was so good! Beef tenderlion with melty cheese stuffed crispy relleno was to die for! I could eat that every day!! The shrimp enchilada was so good that even the five year old wanted some more. I took the pork tomale home to eat for dinner - couldn't finish my plate! They don't have a kids menu, but they do have a nice kids selection the waiter will tell you verbally. Cheese pizza, pasta or quesadilla. I think there were more offerings, but that's all the waiter could say before the 5YO made her selection.I had the "killer margarita" (aka: the house margarita)  and was very happy with the fresh lime flavor. Sometimes, a house margarita just tastes like sweet and sour mix w/ triple sec - this one was refreshing and delish!I would give it five stars, but there are two things lacking for a five star review: (1) the restaurant ambiance is a little underwhelming - the chairs and tables felt warn/old/cheap and you can't tell it's a great place from the outside decor. (2) food came out warm, not hot. But the flavors were so great that it won't stop us from coming back!Fri/Sat are really busy here - the waiter said it's a really popular spot for large parties (20-40 people) - I will remember that in case we ever have a large group event!We will definitely be back to this place! One of the BEST Mexican restaurants we've been to in the valley!
4	My favorite chicken tacos ever.  Shredded white meat, shredded cabbage, a little bit of a creamy sauce, and soft corn tortillas make the tacos outstanding.  Sad they no longer make the beef tenderloin burrito--that was also a winner.
5	Adobada is ah-mazing! Wedge Salad is also really good. Kinda felt like I was in Santa Fe for a bit...I highly recommend this place!
5	I love Blue Adobe Grille  when I'm in the Mesa area.  Yes the outside is pretty scary looking with real estate for sale signs everywhere and most things closed in the vicinity. Once you get into the place however it's nice and relaxing.  The chips and salsa they serve are very fresh, and they also had a couple of good micro brews on tap which is better than at most Mexican places.  The people behind the bar area are super nice and don't rush you.  I'm one of those people who order things differently than what they offer on the menu, and this place does a great job of accommodating me. One of my favorites is their veggie enchilada, but what I have them do is stack them on blue corn and have them come with the spicy red sauce.  I also get their side spinach salad which is a small extra fee.  The dish also comes with whole beens and rice.  All I can say is the flavors of spices they use make the dish really good.  I know there are as good places if you go to Santa Fe, NM, but as far as in AZ and In CA this place is tops.
4	I love the food here.  The salsa is some of the best I've ever had, dark in color with a little heat, it holds up well to the complimentary chips they serve.  I always seem to order the same thing every time, the Spooning Rellenos, beef tenderloin stuffed chile's and always Christmas style with red and green sauce. YUM!  They must have several different chefs, because every time I order this,  it's served just a little different.  I've had the 2 rellenos served one with green and one with red sauce; other times the red/green sauce poured on top of each relleno and other times 1/2 of each covered with a different sauce. Weird - but it still tastes great.If you come here in during Spring Training, be prepared for a long wait, otherwise I've never had a problem.
4	Very flavorful food.  I had the shacked enchiladas and they were excellent!  The only thing that I did not care for was the chips and salsa.
4	Parking was a breeze and so was being seated. I took a seat at the bar and ordered a margarita on the rocks - hold the salt, please. Chips and some kind of thick chipotle salsa came out. Good stuff. I ordered the green chili corn chowder and tacos.  The salsa for the chips has a little kick to it.  Nothing outrageous it's packed with flavor though.  The green chile corn chowder was slamming!  So was the green chile sauce. It had pieces of green chiles in it and was served warm for my tacos (one beef one chicken).Definitely coming back here the next time I am in the area.
4	Delicious New Mexico-style food.  Portions are hearty, and service is very good.
5	Amazing food selection, very quality too. Good service. Don't judge this book by its cover! (Building exterior was REALLY ugly when I was there.)
4	I had a great experience here, I'm from the bay area and I know that we're spoiled down here with a variety of very good Mexican Restaurants to choose from. In Az there are quiet a few fast-food style Mexican Restaurants but very few home-style.  I came here on the last day of my trip and had a great experience.  The free chips that they served before the meal were warm and fresh. The salsa was fresh and authentic, and the meal was well prepared. To top it off, the waiter was great!  Oh, also, The Apple Sopopias were exceptional! When I come back next year I'll be sure to stop by again!
4	We needed to accommodate 24 rugby players and this restaurant pulled it off without a hitch.  Great service. Numerous chip and salsa refills. A skinny margarita made of only three ingredients- agave nectar, tequila, and lime juice! One word of caution almost every dish was spicy. Perfect for my palate but not for everyone.
5	We frequent this place, as it is down the street from our business, and it's always amazingly good. I placed a to-go order, it was waiting for me right on time. I had a co-worker call and order last minute while I was picking up. While I was waiting for the additional food, the manager (I assume) made sure I had a complimentary drink, along with chips and salsa. She also rushed my additional order, and I was out the door ASAP. Excellent service, and delicious food. Perfect!
5	My mom had purchased a Groupon for this place back in March and yesterday we were all deciding what sounded good for lunch. I suggested Mexican so then we were thinking which Mexican restaurant sounded good. (Living in AZ, you know there's MANY to choose from) So my mom suggested going to Blue Adobe so all of us headed there. My mom, my dad, my sister, my nephew, and I all thoroughly enjoyed our meals. I had the Triple Stack of New Mexican style Enchiladas. One shredded beef and two Carne Adovada. It was SO delicious! The red sauce at Blue Adobe is unparalleled and unlike any other. My dad had the Chorizo stuffed Chicken Breast and loved it. My mom had the seafood enchiladas with halibut salmon and shrimp and she inhaled those. And my sister had the Chile Rellenos and couldn't stop saying how tasty they were. And my 5 year old nephew loved his kids cheese enchilada. Our server was named Travis and he was great as well. Phenomenal service. Even if Travis had been sub-par, I would still give this place 5 Stars because that's just how good the food is.
5	This is great New Mexico-style Mexican food.  The "Land of Enchantment" is a stand out dish--steak with 2 shrimp and a chicken enchilada: Very good.  There were lots of things I wanted to try on a future visit.  Great salsa and that dark red Santa Fe-like sauce, whatever its called. This place has good service, great food and good atmosphere. Definitely have some of the more NM-styled dishes rather than the basic Mex fare.
5	Great food and excellent service make this a no-brainer when your in the mood for Mexican. I had the Spooning Relleno which was one of the best Mexican dishes I've ever had. My girlfriend had a similar experience with the Stacked Enchilada. Courteous staff made the experience one I'll repeat next time I drive through Phoenix.
5	Ate here for the first time, loved it.  Great service, reasonable prices and awesome food.
3	Solid if unspectacular little joint. The daily deals are worth coming in for if you're in the mood for a sit down place at a good price. Terrible guac, skip right to your meal or enjoy the chips and salsa. Good sized portions, you won't leave this place hungry.
1	This place was a flop. Was visiting a friend in Chandler and found this place on mobile Yelp. Had 68-something reviews and 4/5 stars which almost always means it will be a good place. Boy I was wrong this time.I hate those lengthy reviews talking about unimportant things so I'll stick to the main point. The restaurant itself was clean and you can sit down comfortably.The waiter highly recommended the pork avodovo plate, which is pork that is served doused with either a green or red sauce with beans and rice on the side. I cannot take spicy food, and the waiter insisted the red version isn't spicy. My friend ordered the green version since he DID want spice.Ended up being the other way around...the red-sauce was oil-based and it was SPICY. My friend's green one was not spicy at all, and that was a more water-based sauce. He cleaned his plate and I barely touched mine. The waiter offerred to bring something else but I refused, barely having eaten any of it. I was put off by the waiter's "recommendations," and therefore assumed everything else was going to be ridiculously spicy. Plus, I shouldn't have to wait and then be delayed from leaving there for another 45 mins. I did tell him it was too spicy for me to eat and I didn't like it. He still charged me for it! I felt like I was robbed...I hate paying for something and then getting NOTHING. And I hate when restaurant waiters make you feel like you are obligated to like something when you really don't...and if you don't, they tend to argue with you about your dislikes. Same thing happened here. I didn't want to make a scene here either regarding the check, so I left hungry and paid for a second dinner at a fast food joint afterwards. What a waste.I don't see why this place got rave reviews...the food came out in minutes and was as if it were just sitting ready reheated in the back kitchen.My friend ordered the creme brulee for dessert and that was not good at all...served at the extreme bottom of a large soup bowl and was really thin and had a metallic taste...yuck. There are tons better places in this city.Would so NOT recommend this place to anyone.
4	Very authentic flavors. On Sundays you get any of the weekly specials for just $10.
5	Im from Taos, New Mexico and this place has some great food.Start with a bowl of the Red Pork Posole! This stuff is like tia makes it. Lime, cabbage, great chili paste, AMAZING!We get the red and green carne adovada enchiladas. The pork just falls apart it's so well done. The service is decent but the food portions and taste is Muy Bueno!
5	When you drive up to it ur unsure what to think. Dont let it scare you. The food is amazing. I loved the carne adovada. You can get it in red or green sauce. I got half and half. The chorizo stuffed chicken was also amazing. Went on a sunday. They have 10 dollar specials. A must go!!!
5	My friend Tom told me to go there. I didn't think it was gonna be as good as he said it would be, but man Im hooked on this place. The flavor in the food is so unique. The menu has such great variety. I had the Chimichanga Monday, Tuesday, I had the Ribs which were very good. Friday, I had the Beef Medallion with Chipotle Pasta, my Dad had the meatloaf. Their food is incredible. Anyone who doesn't give this place at least 4 stars, has no credibility when it comes to food. It is a 5 in my book. Can't wait to go again soon.
5	We went on a Wed evening around 6:30 and were seated immediately.  I've had lunch here before, but this is the first time going for dinner -- and once again, the BAG didn't disappoint.  This is New Mexico cuisine at its finest.   As others have mentioned the dark, smoky chipotle salsa is like nothing I've ever tasted.  Having lived in AZ all my life, I've had just about every variant of salsa out there, and this is simply one of the best. We started with the "jimmy crack corn crab cakes " and were delighted with the 4 generously-sized cakes served on a bed of greens and a drizzle of a cilantro-based sauce.  For an entree, I chose the Taos combo, which included a pork tamale, tenderloin relleno, and shrimp enchilada.  I can't say enough about the quality of this meal.  It's impossible for me to choose a favorite between the relleno and enchilada - both were outstanding.   Great atmosphere (don't be fooled by the exterior), incredible food.  The Blue Adobe consistently provides a great dining experience.One final note: for those in the group of 30 who were unhappy with their accommodations, was it really necessary for so many of you to give this place a low rating?  Seems disingenuous to dog-pile on like that.
3	It is important to point out that Blue Adobe Grill is not a Mexican restaurant, it is a New Mexican restaurant. While that may seem to be an unnecessary clarification, it is actually fairly important to keep in mind as you visit. For a New Mexican joint, it is pretty dang good and true to the region, but food a sit-down Mexican joint it would be disappointing. In order to maintain full disclosure, it has been a couple of years since I went here last, but it has been around for years so I can't imagine much has changed. Overall I would recommend it to people who don't have expectations of a certain type of food. It's good but nothing memorable.
5	This is NOT mexican. It is New Mexican style food which has a distinctly different flavor than Mexican or Tex-Mex. In short, this place is amazing. Very tasty and unique flavors that you don't really find anywhere else. Do make a reservation because the place is always packed. Pass on the margarita because they're too damn sweet.
5	The best new mexican food I have had besides in santa fe. Red adovada rocks. Relleno rocks. Service is awsome, it is clean and has a good atmosphere. I cant say enough. Not typical mexican if your pallet is more than pleased with Garcias you probably wont be thrilled like me.
3	I live in West Phoenix, and don't get out to this particular area often, but I've been teaching a class nearby, so I'm taking advantage of the opportunity to try some local spots.  I was happy with the Blue Adobe. I ordered a Tenderloin Ceasar wrap, and it was quite good. The tortillas are great. The wrap made a great lunch.  I was surprised by a side of frys. They were decent, but didn't make sense with the main course.  The food was good, the staff friendly and courteous. A little expensive for lunch - expect to spend about $10-15 per person.
4	We have tried several things on the menu, and everything was good--especially the salsa.  My favorite is the seafood enchiladas!  I hope to return soon.  I agree that the interior is laid-back, but I do not consider that a detriment.  And as close as it is to the Mesa PD headquarters and the Mesa Municipal Court, I don't think you have to worry about the area of town.
3	Blue Adobe Grille has excellent food.  The chips and salsa are free and are by far the best chips and salsa in the valley.  The salsa is smokey and full of flavor.  It is hot but not so hot you cannot continue to eat.  The drinks are over priced for what is served.  I was dissapointed with my skinny marg.  I think the only reason it was "skinny" was the fact that it is half the size as the normal margarita.  SoSad....The menu has a lot of variety and the specials are always good picks.  I usually eat the special that is on the chalk board because I know that it will be fresh and it comes out quick.Visit Blue Adobe Grille for dinner.  Go hungry.
4	Best Mexican food in Mesa!
4	Salsa and chips are so good.  The salsa is unique from any I have had at a restaurant.  I love the chicken tacos.  The chicken is lean and smoky and the sauce is delicious.  I am not a huge fan of the enchiladas.  Not bad, just not my fav.
5	My favorite Mexican place in the valley.  I have had 10 different dishes here and love them all.  To start-the salsa is amazing and unique.  Some of my fav dishes include carne anovada, shrimp cocktail relleno, chipotle pasta, meatloaf and their fab posole.
4	I am writting this review in large part because of he many negative reviews from one group of 30 who went there. First, the manager seems to have been at fault, if you notice an apology from the blue adobe grill appears under one of the reviews. Secondly... did the person making the reservations ever go there before hand? It is a small restaurant, it seats at most 60 people and the largest group it is likely to be able to handle in all honesty would be about fifteen. The food is excellent, the service generally good. My Only complaint so far is that thier Calimari and crab cakes are over-priced (still good quality). everything else is extremly good. It would be a good idea for anyone setting up a large dinner party to visit the restaurant in question if possible
4	There is an obvious mental disconnect between my present day and past selves. Although I don't eat much now, when looking over the menu the fat boy in me still says yes, I want that. In the past I used to go to Mexican restaurants and order the taco, burrito, enchilada special so after seeing a Groupon for Blue Adobe Grille (although I didn't purchase it), I stopped after being in the area. I noticed the Santa CaFe - which allows customers to choose two or three items from a list of about 6. Pork tamale sounded good, as well as the shredded beef taco, and to complete the trifecta a chicken enchilada. The meal began with complimentary tri-colored chips with a nice chipotle salsa. I had some of those, along with a frozen margarita with the Chambord float (called the Old School Float). I also finished off two waters. When the plate arrived it had a side of pinto beans and rice (both excellent, by the way). I saw the taco and at first glance didn't think anything of it, but when I went to wrangle it I realized it was the fattest taco I have seen in my life. Suddenly I felt as if I were on an episode of Man vs. Food. I started on the taco and used the napkin in hand technique perfected by Adam Richman. The taco had a nice dizzled sauce on top that had a little heat and a double layer of tortilla to hold the tasty contents. I felt full - but that can't be - it was just a taco...I had to at least make an attempt at the enchilada and tamale. I had a bite of each and had to throw in the towel. In this battle of man vs. food - food won.
3	After all the reviews I read, and recommendations from friends my wife and I tried this place out.  Both me and my wife love spicy food, but this was too much.  It took away from the taste of the dishes, which otherwise would have been good.It was hard to taste any flavor because each bite was a mouthful of heat.  We also had a couple of drinks and taste no alcohol, the mix drinks should have been stronger.The place was just ok, I don't think we would go back.
4	I went to this restaurant about seven (7) years ago with my ex and between then and now, I just forgot about it...until I passed it the other day. As someone else said, please keep in mind this is a NEW Mexico style restaurant. We arrived, were seated and served chips and delicious salsa immediately. I started out with the Milagro Mango Margarita...OMG, very good! A very delicious blend that I wanted more of! We then chose the Hatch Catch Sampler for an appetizer which I would come back for over and over again. It includes Pecan Grilled Shrimp, Mini Crab Cakes and Green Chile Lobster Dip...the crab cakes were the BEST! Everything else on the sampler was great but the cakes...DeLiCiOuS!! My main course choice was the Double Stacked Chicken Enchiladas Christmas Style: Red and Green Chile (I would so SUGGEST this choice, Christmas Style, it was very flavorful and added a nice mixture of taste with each bite). This corn tortillas stacked tower of gewwy cheese, chicken and sauce was great (and even better the next day since I took half home).   Next time I'm going to ask for double sauce, they were good but I would have enjoyed a bit more sauce.   I don't like them swimming, but I do like a bit to mix in with each bite.The service was great. Even though our waitress had more than her fair share of tables/guests, she did a wonderful job! She was spot on, keep my water glass filled (which is hard to do, I'm a fish) and had everything out hot and quickly! The only reason it doesn't get a five star is due to my sister getting the Blue Seafood Enchiladas and biting into a very, VERY fishy taste. Yeah, yeah, she knows it was "seafood," but you don't anticipate a huge "fishy" bite, the flavors should have been blended better so this doesn't happen. She also got a Strawberry Crystal drink that tasted just like a regular Margarita. Hee, hee...she totally was jealous while I slurped my Milagro Mango...sorry, Charlie! I recommend this restaurant, best one I have been too in a while despite my sisters poor choices :-)
5	Great New Mexican food!  It's a long drive for us, but worth every mile!
2	I went here tonight with the BF to use a Groupon.... what a disappointment! I had heard that this place was so good... but really.... not awesome. The chips and salsa were ok, but not anything too special. I started with the supposedly amazing corn chowder.... bland and the chicken in it had a weird texture. Not my cup of tea... or soup, as it were. I ordered the double stack pork adovado enchiladas 'christmas' style... with green and red sauce. Well.... I'm not sure if there was any sauce on it.... there certainly wasn't any spice, I thought it was New Mexican food? No flavor or spice here. The pork was ok.... but again, not very flavorful. The BF just got a cheese crisp. It was soggy, flavorless, and pathetic. If it is an old family recipe, as the menu claims.... that family is probably pretty boring. To top it all off, the service was sloooow. I will not be back, sorry guys!
4	This place is about 2 miles from my house, I have driven past it at least 100 times in all the years I've been living here, yet I have never stopped...until they offered a Groupon.  I LOVE YOU, GROUPON!    We walked in the door, and the hostess greeted us immediately and sat us.  What an adorable place, very clean, low lighting, but not so low you can't see anything.  And the food, oh my, the food.  I had a stuffed chile rellano, so good.  And pumpkin flan, even better.  This is an adorable place with good service, fantastic food.  A little expensive for Mexican food, but definitely worth it.
5	Was going to the Mesa arts center for a concert and needed somewhere to eat first and found this on Yelp.  Thanks Yelpers !  I would never have gone in without your recommendations !  Looks a bit dodgy from the outside, but really cosy on the inside.  We were seated at the bar as the place was so busy - a great sign.  Our waitress was awesome and gave us some great recommendations. I had mushroom and beef chimis in a mushroom sauce - it was unbelievable.  My partner had fish tacos.  We will be back for sure !
4	We hadn't  been to Arizona in years, so we were initially itching for Mexican food, but Blue Adobe turned out to be relatively near where we were staying and had some great reviews on Yelp, so we went. It was absolutely fantastic. However, it's not for everyone. We did not find it to be especially hot-spicy, but chili powder is in a lot. The salsa that comes with the chips is rich, thick and flavorful, but if you really, really like the tomato-centric salsa of the typical Mexican or Tex-Mex place, you might not like this dark, smoky salsa. I had a special, halibut rubbed in ancho chile spices with a shrimp enchilada. The fish was dry -- a big hazard for fish -- but good. The enchilada was out of this world. The rice was very good, though I hit a lumpy pocket of spice that hadn't dispersed in the pot. There was so much on the menu we would want to try, if we stayed in the Mesa area for a week we could come in every night and keep trying different things.
3	They offer a great menu selection, including seafood choices.  I had the special, the $10 burger (special on Sunday, for only $7).  It was the special of the day.  We went (our party of 4) on the way to the Mesa Art Center for a free exhibition.  The other three persons in our party had traditional Mexican dishes, and the report was that they were very good.  The ambiance was a little off putting, being in a less than good neighborhood and the decor was a little dated, but what the hell.  The best part of our meal was the salsa and chips.  Great appetizer!  This restaurant is highly rated around Mesa.  I would go again, would not order the $10 burger, and maybe upgrade my review to 4 stars based on more traditional Mexican dishes like chile rellanos.
4	We have been going here for years and love the food..  They have the best spooning chili rellenos anywhere!!There are a few things that management needs to know...The chips always taste stale, especially the blonde ones..  its really bad!  The salsa is pretty good but the chips yulk!!!The service we have grown accustom to, usually slow and inconsistent, but the other night took the cake.Our Server Allison was a complete hot mess!  Besides outward signs of unhappy irritable, angry, she was violent to members of our party and looked just as scary with two miss-placed pony tails on her head.  One of which was protruding from the center of her forehead and had only a few unhappy, angry hairs sticking out.  She was so lame that she yelled at us, caused a scene and treated us like crap for the first hour we were there..  i was the last person in our party to get there and sat there for 25 minutes waiting for a drink order to be taken...  not for the drink, for Allison to actually acknowledge me as a guest and to ask if i needed a drink..  geez!  Finally I took matters in my own hands when she decided it was convenient for her to take our order.  I told her she better show us some love because we come there often and do not plan to stay away, we also like to spend money and tip well if given the chance.  We did too.. our check was over $200 that night and she got a $50 spot even thought she really did not earn it.  Allison, please get your sh*t together..  we will be coming back soon!
5	So my best friend and I went here since we heard this place is amazing..and wow, I  was not disappointed. There was a 15 minute wait so we went to the bar to have a drink. The bartender, I forgot her name, was attentive and friendly, we gave her a great tip. What surprised us is that once we sat down at our table, she came up to us and thanked us for it, I was very shocked and impressed (if you ever have her as the bartender, make sure you tip her well, she is awesome! I just wish I remembered her name...). Anyways, the chips and salsa were brought out with drinks after oh I don't know.. a minute after we sat down? Dang can I say exceptional service? The salsa was for me, something new, I liked it a lot.On to the entree... I could not decide between the Stacked Enchiladas or the Enchantment.  I ended up just asking the server to surprise me,  I could tell he was a little 'wait what?' towards me, but hey, I am so indecisive..especially when I am starving. I ended up having the Enchantment and oh my gosh, it was SO GOOD. It was soo much food and the red sauce was a bit spicy, but it was the perfect amount of spice. I am also not a huge fan of chicken in enchiladas, but wow..it was tender and moist, not dry at all!  The steak was cooked perfectly and for me, I was blown away. Most places I go to, their steak is ehhhh...the only other places I have been impressed by steak would be The Keg and Orange Sky ha. Anyways, it also came with green chile mashed potatoes (pretty spicy, and as much as I wanted to eat it.. I passed, but VERY good, just wasn't in the mood for more spicy food ha). The vegetables were amazing as well, cooked perfectly!Oh and I can't forget the shrimp, it was on top of the steak with this yummy cream sauce that I can't remember what it was..maybe hollandaise? I don't know. Either way, both the shrimp and the sauce were freaking good, especially with the steak. Lastly, my friend ended up getting the Garden Enchiladas..she liked it a lot, but that's about it..didn't say anything much about them.At the end of the meal, I was completely satisfied, even though I felt fat for like 3 hours.. and I just laid on the couch at home. So worth it though haha.GET THE ENCHANTMENT! :)
3	{Actual Date of Visit: 11/22/11}I went here with some friends at the suggestion of a classmate who is native to New Mexico.  I had tex-mex food when I was last in N.Mexico and loved it.  I had the Garden Enchilada which was tasty.  I appreciated the fact that they had some nice veggie options and in different sizes.  The Daiquiri was outstanding!  My friend loved her Chorizo Stuffed Chicken but the chili pepper mashed potato was dry.  The waiter was cute and very personable.  He traded out our traditional salsa for the bean dip which was yummy!  Overall it was a good experience, but I would have to go back and try more things to see their range.
5	Business trip=loser, trying amazing restaurants while on a business trip=WINNER! This place was beyond outstanding! First this is not Mexican food, which I was glad about because really, I live next door to Costa Mexico (Mesa) so I don't need to fly to Arizona to eat Mexican. But I will fly to Arizona to have this amazing food from New Mexico! In fact I may move here to eat this food, this is how much I loved ever single bite.I had a margarita and loved it. I ordered a plate that had the chili relleno, tamale, enchilada and rice and beans on it. I never, ever order chili rellenos but this woman next to us kept raving about it so I figured if I got it as part of a combo plate, I would not be stuck feeling sad I didn't order something else. My god I am so glad I listened to that big mouth customer; it was the best chili relleno I have ever had in my life.I don't know what the boss ordered but whatever it was, I tried it and it was equally outstanding.The boss and I tried to quit eating when we were full and we could not so we rolled out of the restaurant, down the tarmac and flew back home in our food comas and lived to tell about it...
4	We are back!!!   Unfortunately Allison was not working but we would have requested her if she had been.  Nathan was our server and he was GREAT! ( oh I hope I got your name right!)  Prompt, attentive and really a lot of fun!  The food was delicious as usual!    Great job!!!  Thanks for making us love the place!!!
4	This place has delicious food and a great menu selection.  I would've give it 5 stars but the service was terrible.  The server dropped off our food and never came back to check on us.  I went to the bar to ask someone for sour cream and by the time I got it, we were done eating.
5	Yum!  I can't wait for another trip from Chicago to Scottsdale to visit this place.  I was here visiting to cheer on OK state for the fiesta bowl.  This place had great reviews so I gave it a try.  The service was very good considering the place was packed (with orange).  Our waiter had excellent recommendations and all 5 in our party were satisfied with the food. I ordered the stacked enchiladas with the carne adovada.  It was great!  All the chips/salsa and the dips were good too.  If you like trying new things and have a refined palate you should stop by this place.
4	One of the two best New Mexican style restaurants in the East Valley and to boot, it's been here for a long time.  Rustic southwest decor with fun, friendly, and at times eclectic personalities to serve you, PLUS flavorful dishes with hints of red and green chile or both if you'd like.We went there on New Year's Eve well after the bedroom community schedule keeper's had eaten and rather than close early like many places, they were open and running on all cylinders having fun alongside all the guests.If you're  thinking of giving this place a shot, try the Carne Adovada as it's the best in the county, hands down.  If you've been before and have tried the Carne Adovada, give the meat loaf a shot.Lastly, very good salsa and a full bar and there's a window for pick-up orders and that's something all restaurants should have.
5	In a sea of Mexican Food restaurants this one is a treasure.It's Santa Fe style cuisine which is a very nice change of pace.I've been two times and have tried at least 5 different dishes.The food here is QUALITY! Perhaps one of the best places in the valley. The ingredients taste fresh and the flavors are unique and over the top delicious.The chile relleno is amazing. The perfect balance of crispy and cheesy.Their pork adovado is amazing and anything with it is astounding. We even took our 3 year old and the typical kid menu of chicken fingers tasted like quality. The inside is clean and has some nice decor that's funkier than your average south west or mexican decor. Service has always been quick, friendly and very eager to talk about the menu. This is the new place for taking out of town guests and family.
4	The outside isn't much to look at but the food is fantastic!  It's New Mexican style which means you aren't going to find gooey platters of cheese.  The chips and salsa are fantastic.  I had the chicken tacos and they were divine.  The rice and beans were also delicious.  Can't wait to go back!
5	We received a gift certificate to go here, and the server (travis) knew we had enough to cover the bill prior to ordering. He not only provided us exceptional service, but also was one of the best servers we have ever had (and we go out to eat a lot!) Many servers will give you the cold shoulder when they know you aren't paying for your meal but not Travis.  The food was over the top exceptional. Hot when received, tasty and generous portions. We highly recommend this place (and try to sit in Travis' section!)
3	Food used to be a lot better, service too. Not awful though.
5	Stopped in after touring Taliesin West.  Great, great SW food.  Tuesday Taco special was really good -- good price and lovely flavors.  Margarita was excellent also.  Good for a quick bite to eat.  My husband had one of the plate specials and was too much for him to eat!
5	Remains my FAVORITE New Mexican style Mexican food place.  GREAT drinks, and fantastic food. I have NEVER had a bad meal here.  Tonight had the sampler appetizer with lobster dip, shrimp, and some of the best crab cakes ever.  For dinner; the tenderest steak and a side chicken enchilada--wonderful.  It's the various sauces that they make that enhances ALL of their food.  For the sea food they NEVER use imitation and the pieces of lobster and crab were LARGE. The prices are a bit on the higher side but for the quality of food I'l keep going back.  Love their margaritas and the Ferrari is my favorite.  Service is EXCELLENT and all of the staff remain some of the friendliest ever.  This location---there is more than one Blue Adobe--remains the BEST.
4	I've been going to Blue Adobe for years.  Their "new mexican" cuisine is always top notch.  A chipotle flavored festival!
5	I had to give it five stars b/c my husband thinks he had one of the best pizza's there ever!  He had the Garlic Shrimp Pizza with chipolte shrimp, pesto and garlic.  He is a big garlic fan and he believes it was spot on in flavor and couldn't get enough of it.  I had a chipolte shrimp caesar wrap special with mango and I, too, thought it was quite tasty.  It had a very unique flavor mixture.Our chips and salsa was also good - though I would have liked if they had a little spicier of a salsa.  Overall - a great find before Spring training.
5	This place serves great food. Unique salsa! The Tucamcari is my favorite. They use pecan wood for grilling. Service is friendly.
5	First things first The Blue Adobe Grille is a New Mexican food joint not to be confused with Mexican food- totally different! I love both, but there is something about the heavy influence of ancho & green chili that drives me back again and again! I have been multiple times and yet to a bad experience, even when I had a bad experience! Confused? Let me clear air-   Headed out on the town one evening with wifey, we decide to start the night @ Blue Adobe. We started off with a few drinks and then placed our order, few more drinks down the hatch. The waitress walks by and tells us just about 5 mins left, cool no prob! 5 mins more she comes by apologizes and tells us more mins, um ok. Next thing you know, there's a loud argument in the kitchen and the owner (who has been bussing tables, playing hostess, & well just all out helping her staff) comes to the table and tells us the cooks lost our order, What???? She then apologizes and tells us our plates are next and tells us dinner is on her. Ok that's cool, we have all been there and any place with tact will do that, but we've been drinking and as we all know that adds up quick especially with shots! So when we get the bill, she had taken care of everything, I was shocked, she had come back by several times to apologize and thank us for coming in. That was the only bad experience we've had and it still turned out awesome! A owner that cares about the customer+ class + great food = a 5 star great place to eat!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants ever!! The food is different and so amazing. The shrimp is cooked over pecan wood and my favorite are the portobello mushroom enchiladas with the amaretto cream sauce. They are a bit sweet but omg soooo amazing!!! Love this place!
5	Fast, tasty, decent prices, and a fun local feel.  Will be back...glad to have found this neighborhood New Mexican spot.  Stacked enchiladas are tasty!
4	If we'd have seen this place just driving down the road, we never would have stopped because from the outside it doesn't look like much. But because I had read so many great reviews we decided to give it a try, and I'm so glad we did! We've now eaten there at least 5 times....each and every time was amazing. The staff is great! The food is absolutely incredible! Beautifully presented and perfectly prepared. The entire staff works very hard to make sure you have a great dining experience. I have not stopped recommending this place to people since I first ate there, and I'm looking forward to our next visit!
5	Great New Mexican food!!! This is one of our favorite places to eat out. Everything we've tried is delicious - stacked enchiladas, carne adovada, chorizo-stuffed chicken, even the meat loaf. Sponning rellenos are great (not sure what spooning means, but the meal is very tasty).  The salsa that comes with the chips is out of this world. Service is friendly and efficient. We visited Santa Fe, and our relatives took us out to a couple of places for "good New Mexico food." They were fine, but neither could hold a candle to  the Blue Adobe Grill for the quality of the food.
3	We were craving for New Mexican food, particularly Dick's Hideaway, but I remembered previewing the menu at Blue Adobe Grill and seeing that they offered similar dishes at a more affordable price. Also, being that it's in Mesa (we're in Chandler) it seemed like a great time to give this restaurant a try. The BF ordered the shredded beef enchiladas, christmas style and added a fried egg on top. I had one of the specials where you can pick two or three items for a set price. I chose the carne adovada (what I was craving) and a garden enchilada christmas style. Both dishes came with rice and beans. The verdict:Carne Adovada: Tender and flavorful. Good, but I prefer Dick's. Garden Echiladas: Sucked. Filled with shredded carrots & zuchinnis. Menu stated mushrooms, but I didn't really see or taste any. Green sauce was really spicy. Too spicy for me. Red sauce was better, still spicy but not that much better. Shredded Beef Enchiladas: Really good. I enjoyed this the most, well the red sauce side. Something I noticed was this red sauce tasted better than the red sauce on my garden enchilada. Suppose to be the same, I think. Rice and Beans: Blah. I barely touched this. Rice was okay I guess but beans didn;t really suit my taste.All in all. 3 stars, A-OK. Pretty much all I have to say. I wouldn't suggest coming here but wouldn't mind going if someone else suggested it.
2	I love this food but the service is really lacking..  we come here at least once a month but the service is rarely good much less great..  Hey owners do you not read what your customers say??  Help us love this place by stepping up the service...  dont you want to keep loyal customers??  Help us help you..  READ what the customers say and make a difference!!!
3	We were in Phoenix & Mesa on business a little bit back and only had time for one sit-down meal. This is the place our hotel suggested. The rest of the group really liked their food (or at least pretended to...I don't know), but I thought my blue seafood enchiladas were kind of dry. It just kind of fell beneath my expectations. And the pineapple juice was sooooooo sweet. In a bad way.
5	Wish this gem was in our hometown. I'm a picky eater and I thoroughly enjoyed the pecan grilled stuffed chicken breast. The carne adovado my husband ordered ala stacked enchiladas was delicious. Great margaritas. Good service. I wish I could try more of the menu but had only one night in Mesa. After reading past reviews we were wary of going but apparently others hit a bad night and/or improvements have been made. Thanks for a memorable meal.
5	One of my favorite places to go for flavorful seafood and fabulous service. Won't break the bank. Remember that Sundays are "Any of the specials of the week" for $10. You've GOT to try it for that price! Go local!
5	If you are looking for great New Mexican Food Blue Adobe is the place to go! We have been going there for a few years now and have never been disappointed! The food is great! To Start off the Chips and Salsa are out of this world good! I could easily just eat there Chips and Salsa for a meal! Anything you get on there Menu will be good! i have never gotten anything bad! My personal favorite is the "Land Of Enchantment"! It is a Tenderloin, with Green Chile potato, vegetables and Shrimp! It is kinda pricey but well worth it!! If you wanna try a new good place to eat Go to Blue Adobe!
5	Wow!!!!My boyfriend suggested this place and when I asked him the type of food he mentioned something about burgers....after taking a look at their reviews on Yelp figured it would not hurt to check it out.The service was great; our waitress was extremely friendly and prompt with getting us refills on our chips & salsa - which we needed a lot of because they were amazingly good. The salsa had the perfect amount of seasoning to make it spicy enough to have you going for more without burning your mouth off. The chips were warm out of the oven and I could have ate a basket full!They offer Sangria (white or red) by the pitcher - sure enough we ordered a red one. It was really good and I was pretty lit after my first drink.I had the Chimichilada - you get a choice of beef or chicken chimi, I had the beef and you also get a portabella mushroom enchilada. This dish was delicious and will go back for more. You get a lot of food on this plate so you will more than likely have enough for lunch the next day and it was just as divine a day later.My boyfriend ordered the Blue Adobe Hamburger which was voted onto Phoenix's top 10 - hence why I thought it was a burger joint.We had a wonderful experience, amazing good and will be frequenting Blue Adobe more often.
5	I cannot believe this place is in such a weird area! The food is so fabulous and it is tucked far away from any sort of public recognition. I suppose that is better for me selfishly because then the line will stay down when dinner time arrives. I came here a few months ago so pardon my lack of memory on exact menu items. But I still remember that salsa was spicy and gorgeously amazing. I am a food adrenaline junky so any time a restaurant has a unique enough menu for me to even waste my time with is an amazing feat. I ordered some sort of lobster and seafood enchilada with a mango raspberry chipotle sauce. It was flavorful and  didn't make me feel like I was eating unhealthy and ridiculously rich.  When I go back to visit my grandparents in Mesa I certainly plan on going back here over and over and over again!
5	I'm actually pretty impressed with Blue Adobe. I have to say, after eating there at least a dozen more times, I loved it more and more. It wasn't as loud, even though it was busy. I frequently got the blue seafood enchiladas and the ancho chile rubbed salmon, both are to die for.
5	I LOVE Blue Adobe Grill. The food is great! I can go here when I want delicious New Mexican food but I'm not prepared to pay Richardson's prices. The service is usually pretty good but when it's really busy at lunchtime, the servers seem a bit frazzled. I usually stick to the rellenos or the carne adovada. The salsa is also wonderful. I've made myself hungry just thinking about it...
4	Been two to three times and liked it very much.Pro's- chips and salsa really good.  Significantly better than the usual fare- pulled pork was super!- atmosphere greatCon's- servers okay. I wouldn't say overly helpful.  So this was/is a letdown I will continue coming here.  Good value!
4	Ok.. so I saw quite a few Blue Adobe to Dick's Hideaway comparisons in the reviews. Dick's Hideaway is my favorite Arizona Restaurant, so I had to give it a shot. I pulled into an empty parking lot.. not a good sign. Walked into an empty restaurant.. another bad sign. I was worried that maybe I had selected a dud for the date night I had set up with my fiance who was meeting me there. I sat down, and immediately ordered a carafe of margarita. Then I watched my server pour a shit load of booze into the carafe, before adding his other flavors.. a great sign! Pamela showed up, to a glass full of potent, and tasty margarita.. and some of the better chips and salsa I have had. Our waiter, who was awesome btw.. recommended the Carne Adovada Enchiladas. This is what I ordered. Pamela got the Oscar Medallion: A small steak with crab meat on top of it, served with pasta and asparagus.My enchiladas were legit. Tender pork, delicious chili sauce. Cheesy, meaty, tortilla-y goodness. Highly recommended. Pamela's steak was perfectly cooked, and was butter knife slice able. The crab on top was a nice touch. The pasta however, was a real miss. It was a super limp, greasy mess on the plate. Very heavy.. not appetizing. Neither me, or my fiance cared for it. Back to the Margaritas. I am not big on margaritas. They sometimes give me heart burn. Blue Adobe Grille's Killer Margarita was great. That carafe got my chick drunk. It got me a little tipsy, and I can hold my own. It was tasty. Not too sour. Not too sweet. No chest pain.I am not sure why this place was empty. My friend told me that when he had visited, it smelled like a mop and bucket inside. It smelled fine in there to me. I did notice complaining about his in other reviews though. Minus the pasta, my experience was awesome. I will be back to explore their very affordable menu. Maybe drink some margaritas, and watch he game at the bar-
2	I rarely disagree with Yelp reviews so I'm very puzzled by the experience I had here today, given the majority of good reviews.First, the reason I decided to try this place was because we were in the area and it was ranked high on yelp. Perfect.We walk in and it smelled funky in there. Like a heavy cleaner smell. It was really offputting.We were waiting awhile before someone actually came to the host stand. Greeting was pretty icy. The guy was really weird. He grabbed some menus and handed my kids these doodle boards, which is great in theory, except for the fact that they were absolutely filthy. The whole place was empty, except for one other couple, and the guy sat us right next to them. What's up with that? You could tell they were kind of thinking why we were sat so close to them when the entire restaurant was empty too.It took us awhile to get through the menu. We didn't really get the whole Santa Fe concept and it would have been nice for someone to have explained their concept, as any server even half way paying attention could have seen we were having trouble deciding.Also, we were there during a typical happy hour, but there was no happy hour menu or signage. I had to ask if they offered happy hour and what the drinks/items were, which irritated me.So the guy that got us our drinks who we thought was our server, disappeared, and another server introduced herself and had a much better personality than the guy. She was very friendly, and talked up the menu quite a bit. Specifically saying how great the seafood is. Well, being from the east coast, we love seafood and settled on the lobster enchilada and salmon blt. My sister ordered a mini chimichanga.The chimichanga was ok. I've had better. But it was a generous size. My dish and my mom's...terrible.I got the salmon blt. The salmon was cooked fine. It wasn't dry. But it wasn't fresh. By a long shot. Very fishy. So gross. The bacon was greasy. The tomatoes were old and there was no lettuce. I was also expecting a fresh, authentic sopapilla, and a got a dry roll.My mom's dish. Just bad. Rancid. And there is NOTHING worse than bad seafood. Our server deflected and said "hey I recommended the shrimp so you can't blame me." Instead of apologizing, offering her something else or comping the offending dish. Unprofessional.A few positives...the bathroom was spotless and my margarita was good. The salsa is good. And our server was great until the end.Overall, very disappointed.
5	We were really impressed with our dinner and the service.  We had the Carne Adovada and the Rellenos - both blew us away because the flavors were well balanced, the meats were cooked appropriately and the sides were delicious.We are from the Twin Cities (Minnesota) and appreciate great Mexican when we can find it.  Highly recommended and we will return next time we are in town.
5	wow, food was as good as it gets...great atmosphere and the wonderful smells hit you as soon as you walk in the door. I don't think you could go wrong with a single thing on the menu.
5	For my birthday dinner, I wanted something I hadn't had in a long time - added bonus that it was a new experience for my husband.  After dropping our daughter off at Grandma's House for the night, my hubby and I scooted over to Blue Adobe. The place isn't much to look at - this section of Mesa has been hit hard by economic hard times and residents that don't give a rip about their surroundings.  It's a quaint little building and lo and behold, a barbecue joint is next door - not sure when that happened.We walked in and were immediately greeted.  The woman even guessed who I was, based on a phone call I made there and hour and a half earlier.  It was a crowded Friday night and almost every table was filled except one in the middle - ours!Our waitress was immediately at our table asking for our drink order.  My husband asked for her recommendation and she had several.  for me - it was hard to decide between one of the pasta dishes; the chimi or the Carne Adovada.  In the end, the adovada won!!  It didn't take us long to notice the deftness of the staff.  Almost IMMEDIATELY after a party left a table, a young man swooped in and prepared the table for the next diners - maybe 30 seconds flat!  He was also quick to fill our glasses of water and remove unwanted dishes off our table.  The salsa was a nice break from traditional Mexican salsa.  It had a deeper, richer flavor to it - smokey and complex.  The chips were perfectly seasoned - not to salty, not too bland.  Nice thickness on them as well (I can't stand thick chips!!)When our entrees arrived, we were ready to face the fire!  My husband's Taos Combo had a pork tamale, a tenderloin relleno and a shrimp enchilada.  It was a great way to be introduced to New Mexican cuisine.  I had a bite of the enchilada and the relleno - the tenderloin in the relleno had a deep smokey flavor.My Carne Adovada was incredible! Such complexity!  The heat snuck up on you and surrounded you - not a bad heat like eating a habanero, but a rich heat that built up over time.  The meat was tender and flaky and smothered in that deep red/brown sauce.  The rice had that same distinct New Mexican richness to it that traditional "Mexican" or "Tex Mex" doesn't offer.  My only complaint was the lack of a vegetable.  I would have preferred something like a succotash or even just some diced tomatoes instead of beans.  We ended up asking for some sour cream to tame the heat a little and what ended up happening (for me anyway) was that the sour cream accentuated the deep complexity of the spices - I tasted more of the preparation behind the adovada.  My husband ordered a "birthday treat" for us - the pumpkin brulee, which is only available during November (yay for having a November birthday!).  We wondered if we were going to be able to eat it - what with feeling like we just ran into a wall with all that good adovada and tamales in our bellies, but we were both surprised how much we powered through that brulee.  It was perfectly done - PERFECT!!  The pumpkin flavor was obvious without being overbearing.  It was surprisingly light.
1	Skip this place!  Service is terrible.  The place was empty except for one other table but we couldn't even get seated because everyone except the bartender was talking in the kitchen.  We could hear them in there but apparently they couldn't hear us (Hello?  Do we seat ourselves?  Anyone back there?)After about 15 min. of waiting (with the bartender just starring at us the whole time) the single table of  people in the dinning room told us that they just seated themselves so they could at least get some drinks started (They ordered a few beers at the bar and then sat themselves down).  We waited another 15 min. but no one appeared to give us menus, say hi, or take our order...the bartender pointedly ignored us also as he was busy...  doing something...  We finally left without ever setting eyes on a hostess, a waitress or the menu.
5	Yum yum yum! If you love spicy this place is awesome!!
5	Just went on this past Sunday.....my brother has been wanting to take me and my mom there.....LOVED IT.....wonderful food and wonderful service.....can't wait to go back for more.....
5	I've had their dinner numerous times & have always enjoyed it, but this is the first time I've had their breakfast,  and I've got to say..... DAMN! I absolutely loved it! I had the green pork & eggs & my husband had the green chilli biscuits & gravy. Both were phenomenal! They have a Benedict that looks great. We will definitely go back. If you like spicy New Mexican breakfast, you have to check this place out.
5	Excellent service and excellent food!
5	Buried deep in the heart, or the seedy underbelly, of increasingly barren Country Club Drive is a re-purposed chalet-type building that houses the best New Mexico style cuisine this side of the Santa Fe divide. In town for a conference, we had heard positive whispers, and we were rewarded with fiery adobe salsa, dark and rich, with our chips, a peerless pulled pork adobo sandwich which was outrageously delicious, pecan grilled chicken that was moist and flavorful, and all of it popped. The parking lot fills astoundingly quickly as the smart business folk along this corridor pile in as if on cue, but the servers are used to the rush and the staff doesn't hesitate to educate newcomers. Would that they would franchise themselves to Tucson...
4	I've been to the Blue Adobe Grille a few times and really like it.  Food is spicy and good.  The salsa is amazing and fresh.  Love their pulled pork.  Really good.  The atmosphere is also pleasant and nice.  The service has been OK.  I can see why some people have said bad things but it didn't bother me much.  I'll continue coming back.
4	I've had many great meals at Blue Adobe, they serve strong drinks and spicy food!  The service is always top notch.
3	As I write this review I am stuffed to capacity on delicious New Mexico Style Mexican Food. I came here after work to grab some food to go on the way home. While waiting for my takeout I was treated to some delicious chips and salsa and had an ice cold beer off the tap, the blue salsa was definitely a treat. I ordered the Chiles Rellenos stuffed with cheese served "Christmas Style." It was equally delicious and filling. I think I'll become a regular here.
5	This place exemplifies the idea of service! We walked in, and the place was booked for the entire night. It was 4:30 pm on a Saturday night! The hostess agreed to find us a seat, thankfully, as we were away from our normal hood and excited to return to Blue Adobe. We have been here several times and we love it! The food and service was outstanding! Our server, Jessica, was attentive and awesome! Our food was quick and yummy. The drinks were superb. Go here, you will not regret it!
5	Excellent food.  A little spicy for my taste so be careful what you order but it had unique flavors and we all liked it a lot.  Service was also excellent.
5	Was looking for a Mexican restaurant near  Sun Devil Liquors. Had a side of guac with the chips and salsa and it was awesome. Salsa is really good too with moderate heat. Had the Santa Cafe 3 item sampler with a tamale , chicken enchilada and carne adovada. All were out of this world. The margaritas were superior as well. Best Mexican food I've had for some time and I fashion myself an aficionado.
5	In town on last day of western holiday, craving some Southwest flavorAfter 10 years in Houston, followed by 12 years in 'Mexican cuisine hell'....Europe, Cincinnati and now Charlotte.....we were blessed to find Blue Adobe near our hotelMeal was outstanding.  Wife had tamales, oldest son had house specialty carne adovada, and I had jambalaya....yes, I said jambalaya.All were flavorful, spicy and smokey, and did not disappoint.  New Southwest flavor with kick, heart and soulHighly recommend a stop in when you are in Mesa area
4	Great New Mexican food, period!  The margaritas are fantastic, the adobe sauce(s) are wonderful on basically anything....  its a must go if you find yourself in Mesa.
4	Oh damn. This place is in a pretty innocuous-looking building (save for the Blue roof!) just outside downtown Mesa. A very casual atmosphere that was desolate at 4:30 but filled up entirely before 5:30. They serve 'a' Sleepy Dog beer (yay, locals!) but that's one more than you usually see on tap.  I ordered the Carne Adobado (Adovada here, you know how Spanish be) and my Moms had the 'Taos' plate, which comes with a Chile Relleno and a bunch of other things that were unidentifiable under a blanket of cheese (not always a bad thing). The food came out within 20 minutes and was piping hot. It couldn't have been any better. The last 'chill' in Arizona before the swelter really starts had just hit, so the moment was perfect for something spicy. The adobado is basically cubes of pork in a spicy/powdery sauce with rice and beans on the side so you can make mini-tortillas out of the stuff. The pork is that "fall apart" slow-cooked type that takes years to master.The server didn't seem to care much for us (the guy could not smile, I swear--but the Boston Marathon bombing had just happened so maybe he was affected) but he was quick and helpful. The price point here is "two" dollar signs but the adobado is really only one (10.95). Oh, before I forget, they are one of those rare Mexican places that still give you free chips and a tasty chipotle salsa.
3	Good food..Service was pretty bad but I'll go back because everyone deserves a chance to redeem themselves :)
4	We went here on Cinco de Mayo. Fortunately, I was able to make a reservation for 4 two hours in advance.When we got there and found that the food was Southwestern/New Mexico style instead of Mexican, I had mixed emotions. On the one hand, Yelp said this was Mexican food, and it was definitely New Mexico-inspired, Hatch chile-laden cuisine. However, we just got back from Santa Fe and Albuquerque a few weeks ago and were eager to get some more of the cuisine we had there.I have two friends that ripped Blue Adobe Grill to shreds with their reviews, mostly because of the service. Fortunately, I didn't have 30 people in my party, so the service was a bit better. But to say it was great would definitely be lying. Service was slow but adequate...and probably cost this rating the fifth star.But the food was absolutely incredible. All four of us were impressed! The chiles made the food spicy hot...but not at the expense of flavor. The meats in our dishes were incredibly tender, including the shrimp in my enchilada. Shrimp is so often overcooked and tough...but not this dish.Additionally...some of the best chips and salsa you'll ever eat is right here. If you're used to Taco Bell...skip this place. But if you like good food, spicy food, and don't mind being a little patient with service...this is the place.
4	Excellent New Mexican food.  Better than average salsa.  The shrimp rellenos were full of flavor.  I was expecting more heat, but ended up with more flavor, which is fine in my book.
5	Love this place.  Great menu and wine selection.
4	One of my favorite places for tasty New Mexican Food in the Valley. Redecorated since I was here last time. What an improvement. Outside and inside are nicely done up with a comfortable rustic vibe that makes you feel right at home. You can smell the aroma of the Pecan Wood as you get out of your car. Gets me excited right away. Nice!Been here maybe a couple dozen times or more. Sometimes on business and the food is always delicious. Great place to take friends visiting or clients from out of town. Some of the items we enjoy are the FREE Fire Roasted Salsa with Tri-Colored Tortilla Chips, the Fresh Guacamole, Green Chile Lobster Dip, the Adobe Salad, the Carne Adovada, the Taos Combo, the Santa Cafe, Chorizo Stuffed Chicken, Spooning Rellenos, Last Night's Meat Loaf, and a few of my all time favorites when I am not paying, the Land of Enchantment, the Oscar Medallion and the Tucamcari. Too many to list them all.What makes the difference here is the way they fire roast their tomatoes, peppers, and onions for the salsa as well as the meats they grill using that delicious Pecan Wood. Oh Yeah!Can get pretty busy during peak hours and the service sometimes is a little spotty. Ask for a table next to the windows or up front. The back section requires a flash light to read the menu and see the food. Good thing I have one on my Smart Phone. Simply Delicious!
4	Food was delicious and the portions are considerable.  I enjoyed the daily special of stacked green enchiladas with shredded beef.  The beans served were whole and well seasoned.  The rice was tasty and had the texture of uncle ben's rice.  It was still good though.  The guac was fresh and delicious.  The salsa not so spicy, but good.
4	Roasted salsa and portabella enchiladas... I'm a fan! I can't believe I've never been here.  Hottie and I are always on the hunt for good Mexican food. Scottsdale falls short every time.  This is actually a pretty quick drive for us, with the 202 right behind us.  Okay back to the food. I tried the veggie enchiladas and the portabella mushroom enchiladas. Both were good, but I don't' think I would ever order anything but the mushroom enchiladas again. They were the most delicious enchilada I've ever had... topped with a marsala sauce.. OMG!!!  For desert we had an apple crisp made with a sopapilla and topped with ice cream, a great alternative to fried ice cream.  I'll be back!!!
3	My wife had been here a couple of times and when she saw a Groupon for the Blue Adobe Grille, she snapped it up so we went there last night.We arrived about 6:40pm on a Saturday night and the place was packed, normally a good sign.  The hostess told us it would be a 15-20 minute wait.  To make a long story short, it took 45 minutes to get seated.  While I understand that sometimes things happen beyond the restaurant's control, the long wait really soured me on the place because the main causes were 1) a large party arrived with a reservation (something they should have known about when they quoted the 15-20 minutes) and I observed no fewer than 3 tables where people had to wait 15 minutes or more just to flag down a server to get and pay their check.  Well managed restaurants know that when people are waiting it is important to turn the tables quickly.Also there were several tables of 2 were 2 tables were pushed together to make a 4 top.  Obviously no one thought to re-separate the tables to accomodate the waiting parties of 2 (like us).So after 45 minutes, we were finally seated and quickly received drinks and some chips.  And then nothing .... and then a second bowl of chips (we were starving by this time).  We watched in dismay as people seated after us were able to place their orders first.  After about another 30 minutes I finally grabbed our server and asked to order.  We also asked if they would like to re-separate our table as other parties of 2 were still waiting.  The server looked at me as if I had 3 heads.We ordered the green chile corn crab cakes as an app.  My wife got the chorizo stuffed chicken and I got the Taos combo, a tenderloin relleno, a pork tamale, and a shrimp enchilada. So after 1:15 we finally got an order in.The crab cakes came quickly and were very crispy (panko breading) and hot.  The problem was there was while there were 5 cakes (very generous) they were pancake thin with almost no filling.  While you got a little of the texture of crab, the green chile drowned out any crab flavor that might have been in there.  I would have much preferred that they took the same amount of crab mix, toned down the chile a little, and made it into 3 cakes with some interior.Our entrees arrived shortly thereafter, less than 20 minutes after placing our order.  Everything was absolutely fantastic.  I would gladly drink the sauce they put on the stuffed chicken straight up.  The tenderloin relleno was again breaded with panko and was melt-in-your mouth tender.  The adobo sauce in the prok tamale infuses the masa in an incredible way.  The shrimp enchilada was also great, sweet firm but not overcooked shrimp, but it really clashed with the other chile-laden, savory items on the plate.  I'm sure they were be spectacular on their own although im not sure who decided shrimp is better with cheddar cheese.Fortunately as someone who learns from watching others, once we were done I flagged down our server and just handed her the Groupon and my debit card eliminating the need for a trip to deliever the check.  Good move on my part.Sadly the group of 6 next to us wasn't having the same luck.  While they were seated fairly quickly, when i left they were going on 50 minutes after ordering to receive anything but chips.Quick summary:  Great food, lousy service.  I will go back, but only on a weeknight and will have a plan B in case they are even remotely busy.
5	About my 4th visit here and I do not live in AZ.  The multiple visits should speak for itself as this place is good.  Absolutely everything appears to be unique and if your order fits your taste, expect to be impressed.
4	Went for the first time and got the Salmon Wrap, which isn't the first thing that comes to mind with a New Mexican food place, but it was incredible. Unfortunately though we didn't have the quickest service and ended up waiting quite a while for our food. Disappointing service but the food was worth the wait.
2	I was not impressed by this place. The reviews looked good but it didn't live up to what I read. The service was great. We had a tall handsome young man serving us and he was on top of it. However the food was not up to par. The chimichanga was a soggy mess and the burger tasted like it's been in the freezer for a while.And DO NOT order the "lettuce wraps". They are not what you think. They sent out chunks of iceberg lettuce, quartered along with piles of lettuce, tomatoes, salsa, sour cream and chicken slices. It was REALLY LAME. The gentleman who brought it out to us even seemed to serve it with a hint of pity in his eyes.I wanted this place to be good and be able to write a great review. I love supporting local when I can but I just can't do it with the Blue Adobe. But maybe I just caught them on a bad day.
4	Tasty.
3	If you want the flavorful taste of New Mexican food, this is not the place. I am from The 505 and there are no halibut enchiladas there. The salsa (NY CITY!) was ok but my Wisc girlfriend didn't even think it was spicey. I ordered a chicken pasta dish because there was nothing very NM about the menu.  My food was really more of a Cali style Mexican dish and the chicken was like the precooked stuff you get in a bag at Fresh and Easy. In NM the beef burritos, beef tacos and beef enchiladas almost always come with ground beef, not shredded. The menu asks if you want NM chili or Hatch chili, Hatch "is" NM chili, its a town in NM. I think they are more Enchanted with the state rather than trying to serve genuine style NM food. The servers and wait staff were great and the place was interesting and clean. But not NM food.
5	Excellent food and great service and reasonable prices.  This place is on par with Richardson's but less expensive and easier to get a table.  Quickly becoming by favorite New Mexican restaurant in AZ.
4	Veggie enchiladas were delicious!  So many great options on the menu from tacos to seafood to salads........fast and fresh too!
5	My mom and I just happened to be on this side of town and were in need of a good dinner. My husband had brought home some food for me to try from here in the past, so I couldn't wait to try it out. The food was amazing. As soon as you walk in you smell the fire going and you just know that this food is going to be different than every other place out there. Just one look at the menu and we knew that we were in for a treat. The food exceeded our expectations, and we will be back to try more items!
5	I love this place. I usually don't care for New Mexican food, but this place is awesome.    The salsa is great, I love their salads and everything else I have ever ordered from there. I will be back!
4	Oh yeah, this place is an amazing find! After my sweetheart's game at Hohokam Field, I used (once again!) my handy-dandy Yelp app to see what was in the area (since I don't know much of anything about Mesa). Up pops Blue Adobe Grille. So Monday-Saturday they have $10 specials...on Sunday, that $10 will get you any of the specials from Monday-Saturday. I ordered the chorizo stuffed chicken (served with delicious red pepper mashed potatoes and steamed veggies). He ordered the stacked enchiladas with beans and rice. Both of the meals were phenomenal, but I think the stacked enchiladas were slightly more phenomenal than what I ordered (grass is always greener on the other side of the table...or something like that?).  Our server was also fantastic and he was johnny-on-the-spot for refilling our beverages. It's also across the street from a pretty cool piano/wine/beer bar (sneakily located in the basement of a liquor store...so cool!) It reminds me of home cooking...in the best sense of the words.
1	I ate there tonight, and I can certainly say I was less than happy with the restaurant in general. When we walked I'm there was no one to great us. So we waited, come to find out that we ha to wait because they were understaffed. With two maybe three waiters. It wasn't a slow night an there were four of us. We were sat at a table that had yet to be cleaned. When our food came we still had yet to be given silverware.I ordered the stacked enchiladas - red chili With an egg $15 plate. Not expensive but I certainly expect a decent mean. The red chili was horrible. They claim "New Mexico" styled Mexican cuisine. I travel to New Mexico often and in comparison I felt like I was eating at just another sheik city Mexican restaurant where the white people who don't know the difference eat. I give the restraint the single star, because I had a great server an when I told him that the meal was less than satisfactory, he had taken the meal off the check.
2	I am using my Groupon for this place and its not a great start. We were left standing at the  front door for a good 5 minutes. My pet peeve is that they see u standing there but wont say anything!!! WTH Come on people a simple we'll be right you goes a long way. I also checked on Yelp to get free guacamole which was cool but it was kinda bland, no flavor.  I got the carne adovada which came with beans and rice. Only the rice was flavorful. My yobo had the double stack chicken enchiladas (red sauce) with  the fried egg. His was good but the beans got no taste to them.  The most important  question is......Would I come back??? NO thanks I'll pass
4	We had the pleasure of dining here Wednesday night for a birthday dinner. The outside does not due the place justice. The interior is well decorated and has a great ambiance. The service was great, our waiter was very attentive and they removed plates very promptly. Regarding the eats, the rainbow chips and chipotle salsa was really good. I had the chorizo stuffed chicken and it was very flavorful. We also had the seafood quesadilla and the lobster enchilada. The quesadilla was delicious but the lobster enchilada was a little on the sweet side. For desert we had the sophapillas. They were so light and fluffy, one of my favorites. I will definitely make my way back soon.
4	Went here tonight and I absolutely loved it!! My hubby and I shared the Lobster dip and the seafood enchiladas! We also used the free guacamole deal for checking in on here. We picked a good day to try the enchiladas because they were the special of the day so we saved $5. We can both individually eat a lot of food and munching on chips and salsa, guacamole then the lobster dip then our meal... We were plenty stuffed! We also had our 3 1/2 year old with and their kids menu was attached to a kids magnetic drawing board thing she LOVED it!! Way better than crayons and paper! She got a bean and cheese burrito was was huge btw she a and liked it, so I'm eatng it for lunch tomorrow:) defiantly going back to try more!
4	We stopped here because it was on our way out of town. We were very surprised at the friendly service and the good food. It seems very authentic New Mexican. The salsa was particularly good. We had the portabello enchiladas and chile relleno and would order the same thing again. Definitely worth another stop.
4	It was pretty good and the servers were friendly! The chicken was great. My friend really didn't like the soup.
5	Amazing place..Lobster dip is a MUST! Wash it all down with a prickly pear margarita.
5	Took the family out for my fathers birthday and he was recommended Blue Adobe Grille by some of his colleagues.  The food was simply amazing.  The New Mexico flavors were such a welcome relief from the standard Mexican food.  Food was spicy as well, which was a welcome surprise.I would recommend to anyone who wants Mexican with a twist.
4	Love this place but it is not for the faint hearted. If you do not enjoy spicy foods, I am not sure there will be much for you to eat. But if you can handle the heat you need to go!Everything is quality. I always get my enchiladas or rellenos Christmas style and with the pecan grilled shrimp.However, the salsa is not my favorite (more of a chunky salsa girl) and the chips are sometimes too heavily salted.
4	Food was good, but not fantastic. Server seemed frustrated that the 3 families wanted to pay separately. But overall I'm glad we went.
3	I've been eating and drinking in bars all over the US and Europe for twenty years now. I often order soda water with my meals, and never have I ever been charged for it; not at least until I visited the Blue Adobe Grille. Not only was I charged for soda water from the tap (I may have understood $1), they charged $2.45 for it! The burger I ordered came with wizened red onions, and my burger bun was a little flat. Maybe their entrees are a little more up to the quality that would warrant the use of the old English form of the word grill, using an E, but I didn't experience it. For now, Blue Adobe, I'd call you a grill, not a grille.
5	I heard of this place word of mouth. I decided to go. As i pulled up, i thought it looked like a dump. I was already there, so i might as well go inside. Complete game changer. Its done nicely.  The food was amazing and well proportioned for the money. Its not expensive, its about average.  I like that the waiters are all in a tip pool, so they help each other out. When you get service like that, you wont be waiting for your waiter to get help. Its a great place, great environment, and great food. Finally, i have a true fall back place if i cant think of anywhere else to go!
5	Great New Mexico food.  Interesting decor, rather dark, but the food was fantastic!
5	Great place!  My wife and I discovered this little gem a while ago and are now proud regulars.  It doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you are in it is warm and quaint.  The food is phenomenal, so if you like Southwestern food, this is the place to be.Love it, love it, love it!!!!
4	The ONLY reason I'm not fiving 5 stars is because the waiter got two of our orders wrong. However... we didn't care because the food is just that good! I cannot wait to go back again! Don't forget to take advantage of the check-in special. The guacamole is delicious!
5	Delicious!  We went for the double stacked red enchiladas and the green chile (and chicken) corn chowder, this time.  Both were excellent!  The waiter was great and took great care of us.  We well be back.
4	I gave Blue Adobe Grille another try on Sun 11/17/13.  This time, they were not nearly as busy, we got seated immediately and the service was great.  The great thing about Sundays is that all the daily specials are available so all three of us ordered from the specials menu at $10 each and as usual, the food was spectacular.
3	Went to the Blue Adobe Grille before our show at Mesa Arts Center this past Friday (saw Mythbusters Tour!!).  We originally were going to go to Queens, but I wanted a sit down, since we hardly ever go to a restaurant and this was kind of a date night/anniversary celebration.  J checks out restaurants on the Yelp app, and comes across BAG with its 190+ reviews and 4 star rating.  We figured we'd give it a shot.  We walk in and are immediately seated.  Looking around, I began to get scared.  95% BLUE HAIR CUSTOMERS!  Did we make a mistake in coming here??  I mention to the server that we have tickets to a show at the arts center (lots of area restaurants give discounts.etc) and he said sounds good, took our order, and a few minutes later brought out our bean dip.  J's order - Cruz kitchen: He thought the relleno was good, very flavorful.  The tamale he did not care for all that much.  I tried a bite and it was on the dry side.  My Order - I originally wanted to get the adovada lettuce wraps as my dinner, but at the suggestion of the server, I got the Blue Seafood Enchiladas Friday dinner special.  It came with beans (ranch style beans) and rice.  The beans were okay and rice was very flavorful.  The enchiladas though were tough.  After 1 bite, left the tortillas and just ate the insides, which was supposed to be a combination of Halibut, Salmon, and Shrimp.  They were mostly filled with salmon.  Didn't detect any halibut and had maybe 2 pieces of shrimp.  I wish I had gone with the lettuce wraps.  I think maybe if we're in the area, we'd give it another go.  But would definitely order different items though.
5	My wife and i had the pleasure of dining here on 1/4/14.  We were seated right away.  The ambiance was good, i caught the football game from the bar located right in the middle of the place.  The service (Alice) was some of the best i've ever experienced (and i waited tables for several years in my college years).  I asked about the adovado and she quickly brought out a sample of the pork for us to try.  She also noticed i had pulled up the free guac on check-in on my phone and had it to our table in about a minute.  You just don't get that level of service from most places now-a-days.  I chose the plate that had 3 different options.  I had the pork adovado, shredded beef buro and the chicken taco.  Everything was excellent.  The adovado was the best i've had.  I would highly recommend this and have already done so to immediate family.
4	Great food, great presentation. Excellent beef tenderloin, and chile-baked pork loin!
4	Very cool place -- friends of ours introduced us to this place and it has some of the best new mexican food I've tasted.  Love it!
5	Love the stacked enchiladas!  Guacamole is great! Actually all food is good!  Wait staff is wonderful!
5	My son and I were looking for some authentic Mexican food during our visit to the Phoenix area. We found Blue Adobe on Yelp and decided to give it a try.I would recommend you do the same.The smell from their wood burning ovens started the meal off right. I walked in and said, what ever that smell is I want it!We ate at the bar and Lori our bartender made my son and I feel like we were locals. My son had their famous Bleu Adobe Burger. He said it was the best burger he's ever had.I decided to try their Friday night special.It was their seafood enchilada. I usually put lots of hot peppers on my food but the flavor and smell was so incredible I didn't want to ruin it.Next time we visit Mesa I'll defiantly be back.
5	Hands down, the best Mexican food in Mesa.Great quality drink selection, fantastic ambiance, tasty food, good service.
4	I'd give it a 3, my husband would give it a 5, so I settled on a 4.The salsa you get with your chips is really tasty.The drinks were very good.My husband got the ribs. We would both say that the plate was excellent.I got the chorizo stuffed chicken. While it tasted great, the chicken was VERY dry. It would truly benefit from an hour of brining. Also, I'm guessing they add while wine to the sauteed vegetables, to me it tasted too winey. The booze flavor didn't cook off. I just think they used too much. truthfully good sauteed vegetables don't need any wine.My husband got a skinny margarita, he loved it.I know we'll go back, but I wouldn't try the chicken again. It was so dry it tasted chalky. It's too bad because the cheese and chorizo filling was fantastic.
1	The place has the feeling of a funeral home, they must take the good out of a can, and the price is way too much, never to return!
5	Had the seafood enchiladas...... yum!   Bartender mark is great and pleasant.  Gave us a silver dollar per drink during happy hour.  Needed help carrying them out!  Will try a wood fired entree next time.  Smells awesome with the pecan wood oven.
4	I really like the atmosphere of this place. I think they were a little short staffed or something the night I was there because service was a little slow. But they made up for it by treating me to a margarita. Enchiladas with chicken and red sauce were quite decent!
3	In sunny Mesa for Spring Training. Went to this place twice. The first time it was a five star visit, the second not so much. First time we wet on Saturday night on the 1st of March. The food was awesome, the meatloaf for ten bucks was well worth it, I would have paid double. The guacamole was fresh and tasty. The staff was happy and friendly, the place just had a good vibe. Ok, the second time on Monday the 3rd. Woah completely different place. Service was very slow. The bartender was very unfriendly, especially compared to Saturday night. The food was mediocre. It was not hot and a crab dip type of appetizer sucked and was overpriced. By the way the owner was in the place on Monday and she was the bartender. May give you a clue to how the staff gets along with the owner. I will note we were given $10 off our bill on Monday, I guess the waiter recognized the long wait for food we had that nite.
2	I don't get the great reviews. While not bad, I wouldn't go out of my way to go here again . The chips are cold, salsa is blah to the max. The food is very pretty but lacking flavor except for the cheese crisp which is very tasty.  If you do go and have a choice between the red or green sauce, go red , the red has some good flavor to it, the green again is very blah
5	Probably one of the best places I have eaten in a long time.  Ordered the Christmas Carne Adovada  and it was so good I came back two days later for more.  Everything was great about this place.  It's a must if your in the area!!
5	Seriously LOVE this place!!  I promise it is all good!!  Yummy food, not the best neighborhood, but we have never had a problem.. :)
4	Came here on a Tuesday night. Margarita was stong, redeemed my coupon for guacamole and it was good.  They have daily specials and today happened to be the carnade abdola it was so tender and spiced just right! Atmosphere casual but a little nicer then most Mexican restaurant. I would come here again
5	Found this restaurant on yelp and the Marriott hotel recommended it.   Everything was great..... Good service , good drinks and great food !   You can't go wrong enjoying a meal here.
5	Never never does me wrong; Muchas Gracias B.A.G! Great favor! You have to try this place. Live in Hollywood,CA and this place would kill it in L.A.! Customer since 2007.
5	The Blue Adobe Grille is amazing, everything I have ever ordered has been awesome. The meatloaf is probably the best thing on their menu, but their vegetarian options are also very good.
5	Fantastic food here. If you want to try something unique and tasty, definitely come to Blue Adobe Grille. Not sure how they make the Blue Adobe Burger so damn delicious, but that is definitely worth it.
5	We went here for my birthday dinner with some friends and loved it!!  Food was great and server was friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. Will be going back there is a lot more on their menu I want to try!
3	I have only been to the restaurant twice. I loved their meatloaf which is one of their specialties. The second visit I had a Mexican meal which I didn't enjoy it as much. Margaritas were okay.
4	Delicious complimentary salsa. Got the dip trio and the bean dip was the star of the show. I had the Taos combo with green sauce (chile relleno, tamale and enchilada) and it was amazing. I always love Mexican rice, but theirs was to die for! Will definitely try Blue Adobe for breakfast next time around.
4	Really great happy hour!!! We went on Saturday at about 4pm and they have $4 house margaritas(in a pint glass), $3 drafts, and $2 off everything on the front of the menu.  My shrimp quesadilla was cooked right, my boyfriends posole was really good(not traditional and had a nice bay leaf after taste), and our extra crispy cheese crisp was pretty good.  My only complaint is the mango salsa I got with the quesadilla was mediocre at best.  Service was great, our waitress was attentive, helpful, and nice.  I will go back for sure!
4	Loved it.  I put together a little sampler plate for my first visit.  The Steak Chilli Rellno and the Lobster Tamale I think were my favorite.  The posole was also quite good.I thought it was great.  I now haw found my favorite Mexican food gem in Arizona.
4	The bottom line first, will a I go back?  YES!  I would go back if the food was average because of the service.  BUT I'm happy to say I was equally please with my meal.  I went for the relleno because of what I read here on yelp.  I had a relleno and a mushroom enchilada with a sweet amaretto sauce.  Both were very good, the chili relleno had a very tasty crusty batter, seasoned with a flavorful chili mixture.  This was the first time I had a relleno prepared that way, it won't be the last.  The mushroom enchilada was great, I balanced the sweetness with salsa. I'm looking forward to going back to try a different enchilada along side the mushroom.  Our waiter was the best!  This place is keeper.  Be Peace, Candice!
5	Great Bartender and excellent food at great prices!
5	I had heard about this place years ago, and finally found out what I've been missing out on! Oh my delicious, we loved this place. The chips and salsa were a great start. All very flavorful and fresh, that's always a good start. We all ordered a dish that included the Adovado...amazing! Lots of other things on the menu to try, we will definitely be going back.
4	their homemade salsa is sooo good and i love their baja shrimp tacos  :)
2	After hearing so much about this restaurant, I just had to try it. The decoration inside is very nice and is much better than the white exterior. Kudos to the designer for such a drab building.The food was a C. The salsa, guacamole and a lobster green chili dip are all must haves! Terrific flavors. The crab cake is boring and doesn't have much taste. The sauce on top of it though is good and has a nice little kick. The shrimp...excellent. That's by themselves or in an enchilada! Great flavor. The blue seafood enchilada is ok. The halibut is sparse, tortilla dry and salmon overbearing. The shrimp though saved the dish...See, I told you the shrimp dishes were the best. The Taos Trio was ok as well. It could have been better if it didn't sit out for 20 minutes before being reheated because they forgot one of our dishes.  The pork tamale was decent. The red sauce overpowered the tamale, but that could have been from soaking on too for so long before service. The tenderloin relleno would have been great if delivered on time. Unfortunately, it was soggy and therefore was a C-. It could have been an A though! The best part of the Taos, you got it, the shrimp enchilada. Very good!!! Even overdone. Overall, decent New New Mexican food. I should have gone with the stacked enchiladas!!  It could be a 3-star Mexican restaurant, but gets a 2 this time due to the delayed service and over-cooked food. May have to try again to certify proper ranking.
5	Blue Adobe has become one of our favorite restaurants. Their daily specials are always my go to, either the Ancho Salmon, Chorizo Stuffed Chicken or the Stacked Enchiladas! The salsa is one of the best around also! I highly recommend checking this place out if you are looking for good food, and a local spot!
4	Super delicious!  I tried a new restaurant and thoroughly enjoyed it. I had the chimichanga and all the flavors mixed together so well! I wouldn't mind coming back again and trying somet b in different:)
5	This is my favorite restaurant in its price range.  The mushroom enchiladas are amazing and you absolutely can't go wrong with the pick three combos. The food is rich and satisfying, the staff is friendly and helpful, and ambiance is modern and comfortable. Much love Blue Adobe :)
4	food tasted great all but there guacamole would try again loved the salmon enchiladas
4	Good atmosphere and ok service. The enchiladas stack was very good. Not super heavy with a ton of cheese. It was very fresh and flavorful. Their fresh salsa is really good. I think it was my favorite part of lunch. This service was a little slow but still we will be back:)
5	Blue Adobe has one of my all time favorite dishes anywhere.  Their carne adovada is fantastic.  I've tried it other places and nobody compares.  The chipolte salsa is also one of my favorites.
3	After being recommended several times by a friend i finally decided to make it...The meatloaf was awesome, the carne adovada was excellent and so was the chimichanga...
5	The best chili relleno in the valley! Awesome NM style Mexican food! This place is a must!
4	I felt like the only Hispanic in the entire place! Lol! I think I was actually! I wouldn't compare it to any other Mexican restaurant. Food was different and super good. It was definitely New Mexican. I'd come back for sure and the staff was very friendly. Just try it and don't be scared
5	Very good food. Staff is always friendly. Decor is quaint but dated.
3	This restaurant has great New Mexican food.  The service has declined over the last year; now if you are not a regular you are treated fairly poorly.  Last night our waitress was absolutely inattentive.  We ordered drinks, and the drinks sat on the bar for a good 5 minutes as our waitress was talking to customers she knew.  Thankfully the bartender realized this after about 5 minutes and brought our drinks over.  Our drinks were not made appropriately (per Blue Adobe's own menu description).  I asked the bartender about this and she told me I was wrong.  Not wanting to argue, I just went back to my seat.  A couple of minutes later, she brought me the rest of my drink, stating that she had misunderstood my question.  The waitress also never came back to see if we wanted drink refills throughout our meal as she was too busy concentrating on regulars.  The restaurant was only about 2/3 full, and we could see that the waitress was spending lots of time at certain tables while being inattentive to others.   I was close to going back to the bar myself to order, when I was able to stop the waitress and ask for additional drinks.The food here is great.  The experience sub-par.
5	A very unique experience. New favorite place to eat. My wife and I went here because we wanted to celebrate her graduation. Corrine was our server and had great recommendations for what we would want. She was so fast to take care of all of our needs and had a lot of great bussers filling water and drinks. Our drinks did not go even half full. I had the stacked shrimp enchiladas with red and green sauce and a fried egg on top. It was flavorful and smokey. My wife had the mini chimi and mushroom enchilada. She loved it and we we filled so we took some home. Chips and salsa were very flavorful. New favorite.
4	Delicious food from start to finish from chips and salsa to our main entrees definitely will be coming back
4	The only place in the area that had decent reviews for dinner. First, don't judge this gem by its exterior, I almost didn't make it in because of it. Nicely decorated, air conditioned and smells pleasant. I had the chile rellenos with shrimp. Yum. House made red sauce? Double yum. My dinner companions had the salmon wrap (which she said was a bit fishy but not too bad) and the lazy chicken tacos (she said these were very good). So overall, yes I would come back here. We didn't have any service issues and it wasn't badly priced. However, I wouldn't drive up from chandler to just eat here.
4	I've taken customers here and its definitely a favorite of ours when we feel like eating upscale.  Its got a nice cozy dining area with TVs and nice dimly lit area.  I'm always struck by the smell of the wood burning grill as soon as I walk in the restaurant and that must be my favorite thing.
2	Went for the first time after being told how great they were.  the service was horrible, only 2 people for the entire place.  the Carne Adovada, which I LOVE, was horrible, burnt, the sauce so thick and concentrated it was like paste.  My wife had a soup that left a lot to be desired and the salsa was forgettable.  Quaint decor, but I can't see going back
5	Excellent food!  We have been a few times and had a variety of entrees. All delicious!  The interior is adorable with Pinterest like decor.   Don't let the outside or neighborhood fool you .... First class!
4	If you have kids this is not the restaurant for you. The flavors are way to complicated for a simple pallet.  That being said, my husband and I loved it! The atmosphere is warm and cozy, the chips hot and fresh and the salsa hot! I had the lazy tacos everyone at the table tried to steal them from me.
5	Always a good meal when I'm visiting Phoenix!  The chicken Chimi is great soft or fried, and their salsa has a fantastic smoky flavor that I haven't experienced anywhere else.  As others have said, this is *not* traditional Mexican food, and in this case, that's a GOOD thing!
3	Went there on a recent vacation (2 weeks ago) and already forgotten anything about the atmosphere, service or what the other people with me ate or thought about it - so that puts it at an average for me. I do remember (after a quick glance at the menu) what I got - the double-stacked enchiladas, Christmas style - and it was just fine, but nothing I would've ordered again or complained about - just average.
5	I've been here twice and had the same dish both times because it is so delicious. I'm sure everything else is amazing but I don't know if I'll ever make it past the Carne Adovada, delicious tender pork in a red adobo sauce. My husband has a similar problem with the stacked enchiladas (Christmas style with red and green sauce), it's the only dish he's had in his three visits. Be careful not to completely gorge yourself on the complimentary chips and salsa (which is roasted to perfection, and good enough to drink), as the portions are generous. The restaurant seems to walk the line between fancy and casual. Great date night spot!
4	What a gem of a find! My husband and I and 2 of our friends were in the mood for Mexican the other night and found this place on Yelp. Wish we would have arrived sooner, as we were "those people" who showed up 20 minutes before closing and our wait staff seemed to be justifiably irked. Even with that said, we were well taken care of and our meals were delicious!This gem is in an old A framed Village Inn. Completely remodeled inside with lots of dark stained wood tables and beams and exposed brick. Very cozy and inviting atmosphere!They have daily specials written on chalk boards all around the restaurant and their menu is chalk full of delicious offerings ranging from your standard Mexican and New Mexican fare along with many seafood choices, pastas and burgers! My friend and I both had the Layered Enchiladas. I had mine with the green chile and chicken, he had it with red and green chile, chicken and an egg on top. Both were served with rice and beans. All of it was very tasty and enough spice to keep me reaching for my Prickly Pear margarita!My husband had the Taos Combo, consisting of a honey smoked pork tamale, shrimp enchilada and tenderloin relano. He said it had a kick but all the flavors were amazing! My other friend had the Lobster Tamales, she said the raspberry chipotle made that dish! We all shared a pitcher of the Prickly Pear margaritas which were also refershing and delicious! Their prices are fantastic and portions are perfect! Can't wait to go back again! (earlier next time) and try a seafood dish! Their breakfast looks really good too!4 stars are based on the full experience, granted it was our fault for getting their right before close, but the wait staff should have been a bit more friendly. Don't think any of them smiled and they barely spoke to us. We weren't rushed, I just felt regardless of our timing, they should have been a bit warmer in reception.
4	Nice, classy atmosphere. The food is very tasty. I especially like the Green Chicken Enchilada (with a fried egg on top.)
4	I didn't love it, but I liked it.  It was a bit spicy for my taste but I'm a wimp.  The food had a very good taste even if it was spicy.  I had a mini chimi which was plenty for me.  The beans were great and the rice had a lot of flavor just a little to hot.  Yes, even the rice was too spicy.  I told you I was a wimp.  Margarita was good. But the atmosphere...I loved the decor.  The place is fabulous.  The inside is nothing like the outside....thank goodness.  My son and his wife love the place, they are not wimps.  They frequently drive from apache junction for dinner.  But, like I said, they are not wimps.
4	Nice place for taco Tuesday!
5	Love this place! One of the best tamales I've ever had. Same goes for the chile relleno.  Delicious food all around. The salsa is different than most. Dark and smokier. The margaritas get an A in my book, also! Service is always good and fast. I wish it was closer to my house!
4	I had the blue seafood  enchiladas. So amazing! ! Or waitress was very nice and fun spirited.
5	The portobello enchilada is amazing!!! My wife had the chicken burrito and it was amazing . we also ordered the portobello pizza which wasn't that great. the service is slow and not very organized.
5	Our new favorite restaurant and  worth the drive.  Excellent service and outstanding food.  There green chili and other sauces are wonderful.  The food quality is as it should be.  We had the Chimi and the meatloaf and split them, both outstanding.
5	This place was beyond fantastic. I've been trying to find an authentic southwestern place for a few months and this was it. The fire roasted salsa and guacamole and was fresh and tasted great (the salsa can be a little spicy for those who are sensitive). I had the stacked enchiladas with green chile: amazing. The meat was prepared perfectly, the dish had the right amount of green chile and cheese. Even the rice was awesome. Also had prickly pear margs that were to die for. Our waiter was polite, attentive and had great suggestions. Drinks were constantly refilled. The atmosphere was casual, they had 90s music playing, but I went in a dress and did not feel overdressed in the slightest. This will definitely become a go to for date night.
3	Not too bad  Not the best.  Solid due to its proximity to Sun Devil Liquors.
2	Blue Adobe Grille had great reviews and I was looking forward to some classic New Mexican food.  I saw a lot of good reviews on their seafood, so we all gave it a shot. I think maybe they had a bad cook that day, but all the seafood was way overcooked.  Even the pork tacos were so overcooked, my friend gave the order back to the restaurant.  We went on a Friday nights, so its quite surprising.
5	Even though this place only dedicates about five hours, one day a week to its breakfast, I think this might be my favorite breakfast place. Literally everything I have tried on the menu has been simply wonderful. My favorite is the eggs benedict. Too much yum.... Maybe one day I will come here when is not 9 am on a Sunday and do some more menu exploring :D
4	Went here on a recommendation from a friend.I freely admit as a disclaimer, the New Mexico style Mexican food is a second compared to southern az style in my personal favorite.I am also VERY picky when it comes to Mexican food.I was pleasantly surprised of the quality of the food and flavorsLocation is a little strange for a restaurant  of this style and price range, would have expected more scottsdale location. I had the rellenos and the wife had the blue adobe burger with a relleno on top We shared the three dip appetizer.My rellenos were pretty good. The Panko crust was an interesting but good departure from traditional coatings. I really liked the use of Anaheim vs a poblano chile, I much prefer it. I had one plain cheese and one tenderloin chorizo and cheese. The plain cheese one was huge and very tasty. The meat one was much smaller, had very little steak in it and no chorizo I could taste. The rice and beans were tasty. I liked the flavor and loved the drier rice vs mushy mess you get at many Mexican restaurants. The pintos were well flavored.Probably the highlight was the red sauce which I requested on the side due to my natural suspicion of any New Mexico style resteraunt's ability to do red sauce anywhere close to right. I recant. It was amazing! Very dark, chile rich and just amazing on the tongue. Almost a mole without the chocolate or pumpkin seeds, I am guessing a very dark roux. I love homemade red chile sauce and would pay to sit in the kitchen and learn that one.The wife's burger was very large and her relleno on it was also very good sized as was the portion of fries. They forgot the bacon, which the wait staff promptly fixed, and the only condiment they brought was ketchup. I gave my wife the green sauce they brought gratis with my red sauce. She are it with a knife and fork it was so big.The appeztizer was ok. Bean dip excellent, guacamole ok lobster dip ok. Fried flour tortillas they brought for the dips were soggy and under cooked. Wait staff promptly fixed,Corn chips and salsa were good.Last but certainly not least was the service. It was absolutely top shelf. Staff and management were attentive, knowledgeable without being smothering, or smarmy. Just right balance around the board. Questions were answered and suggestions were sincere. Would have loved to give a 5 except for the misses listed above
5	Oh my gosh I think I just made love to the chicken chorizo plate, amazing!!! My new favorite place for sure. I just hope no one finds out about this place, I would have to kill someone for that plate. Haa haa but really, best thing I've ever eaten, call Guy Ferreti.
2	The food isn't fresh. I think that's all I really have to say, but I'll expound a bit more on it. I walked in and the host was friendly. The service was pretty good, but the food took a very long time to come out. The chips came to the table quickly, but they were not fresh chips (bagged and colored variety). The salsa was ok, but it wasn't great either. When the food did come out it was obviously microwaved. I got the chimichilada (1 mini chimi and 1 enchilada) and the person I was with ordered a chicken sandwich. When he went to pick it up the bun was so dry it crumbled apart. The fries were microwaved too, and they tasted old. My dish was very large. The rice was over microwaved too though. The chimi was just "meh". There was nothing special about it. The enchilada was good, but I don't think it should have been called an enchilada at all. It was a sort of floppy (not fresh) tortilla folded over cut up portabella mushroom (which did taste good). It had a sweet cream sauce over it. The cream sauce was the best part of the whole dinner, but the flavor of the so called "enchilada" did not go well with the rest of the plate at all. Beyond the food, I'm positive that there was no one under 60 eating there. I'm not against going to places where I'm the youngest person, but it seemed a bit odd. I would not recommend this place.
3	The only reason we went here twice was because the first time I forgot my groupon.  I had the tenderloin Caesar wrap. I don't remember what I had the first time. I really didn't care for either dish. The flavors were just not to my liking. I'm more of a comfort food type. My husband had the steak the first time and the enchiladas this time. He wasn't overly impressed with either dish.   I wouldn't go there again.
5	I go to the one on Country Club near Main, in Mesa....The is New Mex food. Made with great care. Stacked enchiladas are awesome with an egg on top., or "Spooning Rellenos" stuffed with your fave are to die for. MY fave is the beef tenderloin in one, and  Adovado pork in the other. Service is always great for me.Prices are better than avg, for the quality of the food.The have a full service bar.Comfortable atmosphere. Sometimes, I just make excuses to be in that neighborhood, just so I can go to Blue Adobe!
4	I admit to being a mexican food snob and a new mexican food appreciator. I was initially soured by the flavored iced tea. I ordered the meatloaf for something different... I certainly got something totally unexpected and it was a treat. The chorizo in the meatloaf was outstanding. It wasnt dense and heavy like moms... sorry ma! It was super tasty.. the potato pancake was a nifty spin on mashed potatoes. . So it wasn't the usual staple.. the veggies were also a surprise a nice wine finish was a great compliment. My partner in crime ordered the chorizo stuffed chicken breast. The sauce was the show stopper.. all in all it was a solid meal. I will crave that meatloaf.. so I will be back. Good job!
5	My family and I love this place. Anytime we have out of town guests who need to try Southwestern cuisine, we bring them here. I love their chips and salsa. Tamales are a favorite. =)
5	The chips and salsa are excellent. The chilies in their salsa are top notch. Service was great. Loved the prickly pear margarita. I will definitely be back.
4	I ordered the Land of Enchantment plate deciding that the pecan grill might satisfy my cravings for a properly grilled steak.  I was very happy with the proteins, the prawns and steak were both cooked very well, and were both seasoned expertly.  My only real issue with the meal was that the potatoes were ice cold and that the vegetables seemed very out of place, almost tossed haphazardly on the plate to complete the dish.  My plate also felt very cold, so I imagine the timings just weren't right in the kitchen.  The service was excellent though, and the atmosphere of the place was great.
4	pretty crowded- we were seated quickly though. Cheerful waitress Food was just fine.
5	Came back to enjoy dinner with an aunt who is from the east coast. She wanted a good southwest meal and Blue Adobe Grill was the 1st thing that came to mind. Just like last time it didn't dissapoint. Everything was top notch. I tried the chili rellano with red sauce and my wife had enchanted garden enchilada.  Both dishes were so go and with that spicy kick we expected.  Best mexican in AZ.
4	Excellent chile rellenos, tamales, and enchiladas. Great chips and salsa. Very friendly service.
4	We've been here a couple of times but have never reviewed our visits. This mainstay near downtown Mesa smells like mesquite grilled heaven as you enter from the parking lot. The menu has a variety of memorable choices from the ancho-chile grilled salmon to the stacked enchiladas and lobster tamales. The tri-colored chips and salsa are terrific... don't miss the Yelp check in for a free cup of house made guacamole. The beer list is decent as well. Our service was good, not great but good. We'll definitely be back!
5	We've been to Blue Adobe 4 times and each time was great!!  So far we've loved every item that we've had.  And we've ordered different items each time.  Last night the staff was excellent even though it got busy half way through our dinner.  We ate at the bar which has a hammered copper top (We really like it).  I will say the best place to eat in the restaurant is at the bar.  There are usually only 2 of us and we can be seated immediately.  Be aware that each time we've gone they have been busy which says a lot about the food, which I reiterate, is wonderful.  Don't expect traditional Mexican from here.  The menu is very creative.  Vicki the owner was charming and our bartender Laurie was great!  We definately recommend Blue Adobe and will have future fun times there.
4	Nice change. I knew I would enjoy the food when they brought out fresh, unique, and spicy salsa. Yummy. I was not overly thrilled with the lobster queso appetizer, but it was all forgiven with dinner. I had the chimichilada. A mini chimi and shredded beef enchilada. The enchilada had an amaretto sauce with mushrooms that was delicious and one of a kind. Not a traditional sauce, but one you have to try. I want to try the rellenos next time. They looked great. We shared a seasonal pumpkin creme brulee.Prices were reasonable. Service good. Dont go here if you are looking for standard/routine mexican fare (atmosphere is more like a pub than a mexican food joint)...but do go here for a delightful mexican experience and good mexican food.
4	Lunch was great. Excellent service and food. Shrimp tacos and beef rellenos very tasty. Will definitely come back.
5	Excellent all the way around. Carne Adovada (both Green and Red Chile) was outstanding. Pinto beans and rice were just like I had growing up in S New Mexico. Prices were very reasonable for the quality and quantity. Tacked on a signature salad for 2.95. You gotta try it out, you'll love it! I might eat there again tomorrow night.
4	Great date spot with a killer Chimichanga; the only downfall to the meal would have been the less than stellar meatloaf, but meatloaf is hit or miss anyway. Either way this is the best true Tex-Mex in Az, and the best "Near Mexican" food that you can find in the area that doesn't get served to you from over a counter. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who needs a mexican food fix or to impress a date.
2	Super hungry after a long day and found this spot on Yelp, lots of reviews and a great rating so we went for it. Oh no, we got the bummer server! He was absolutely not interested in any kind of conversating. Very fast at everything he did, but a blank stare otherwise while he waited for us to place an order. We got a 1/2 carafe of margaritas which he dropped at the table with a shot of something next to it. "What is that?" we wondered...turned out to be the do-it-yourself Grand Marnier float after we asked his next trip around. The food was OK. Shared a chimichanga (which was not served with the caramelized onions or sour cream mentioned on the menu) as well as the garden enchiladas (flavorless, carrot-full and boo.) We chowed everything down quickly and hungrily but what a disappointment as we were hoping to stumble across something memorable and fun. I guess part of the excitement of being new to the area is taking a number of shots in the dark until you find something good. Cheers to the Yelp check-in free guacamole but we were too busy getting through our meal to discuss ever returning.
4	Very good food reminds me of an upscale Chevys! I had a shredded beef chimichanga. The rest of my party had stacked enchiladas and chimichangas. The salsa is yummy it's on the chipotle side. Definitely a great recommendation by the hotel!
5	My husband and I wanted to go somewhere different for dinner tonight and Blue Adobe Grill did not disappoint!! The service was amazing and we had the best seats in the house! I ordered the chimichelada and he had the lobster tamales. We both liked my meal the best. We will definitely return! Great service, food and ambiance.
4	Love this place. The enchiladas and spicy pasta are awesome!  Good margaritas and a cute building with lots of parking.  Only thing is that I always feel like I am sitting in the middle of the room.  It's sort of a strange restaurant lay out.  But overall an awesome restaurant with good food and good service!
5	AMAAAZING!I'm from California so the Mexican food I am used to has me picky and particular. After moving here for 4 years now I have had many-many-many disappointments.Although this food is a more of a New Mexican feel, it was absolutely delicious and rustic with a bit of fusion going on. We went for breakfast this past Sunday and I was automatically charmed by the exterior; the inside was just as if not even more charming, service was great and the food was delicioso! I had a Pork Tamale with a fried egg(which I order a la cart), for breakfast; there is no other way to eat a tamale, all I needed was some champagne! I also order a cup of the pozole. I had a moment where I wished my cup was magical like Mary Poppins bag and that the soup would never stop, but hence it did.My family loved there food we will very much be going back!
5	My wife and I are in town to visit our son. We're not real familiar with the area. So after getting on yelp and look around I found The Blue Adobe. It was conveniently located two blocks from where we are staying. We made reservations for 5 and were promptly seated. We had to wait a little bit for our son Cz he just got off work and was making his way to where we were. I got a little impatient Cz I felt we were just taking up space that could be used for other customers. But the server made us feel right at home and told us not to worry. Our son finally arrived and we ordered. This place is remarkable. The interior decor isn't tacky or blah. But tastefully done with menu suggestions around the establishment. Even in the restroom. I ordered the ancho chili rubbed ribs. Wow this plate straight up rocked. The meat was so tender and flavorful. It came with salad and cornbread that had green chili in it. I couldn't say enough abt the dish to the server. Which by the way the service was excellent. It's a shame I don't live here. Because I would be here all the time. Especially since they have TV's for Sunday football! So if ur in the area be sure and eat here. U will not be disappointed.Well I feel the need to update this review. Being that our room is so close to the restaurant. We decided to eat dinner here again. I had the Carne Avodada. This dish was excellent. But what I need to add that I forgot last night. Was that the service is kinda slow. Tonight was blatantly obvious. It wasn't that crowded. I even noticed how impersonal the server was. I commented twice how good the food was and the guy was stone faced. Seriously?  Idk maybe he don't like his job. But when u deal with customers. At least smile.
5	Delicious food! I loved my meal and drink. I had a tasty salad and veev acai cocktail. The chips and salsa were wonderful as well.
4	Very popular. Good tasting. Had pork carne adovada & stacked enchiladas. Both good. Good server. Reasonable.
4	Cute place.  Food is good.  It is a bit far from my home so don't expect i will go again.  Flavor was good but shrimp were over cooked.
