4	Sooo we go oin for 1 bag of ice and my bf was like " The chicken wings here are hella bomb!" I was like ehhhhh. I had just order tacos from Taco El Compita so I wasnt about to be a straight up fatty and gorge myself.We go back to the ice area and low and behold a sign says "1 FREE bag of ice per customer" JACKPOT BEESHES!!! I grabbed my bag of ice, and bought myself a smirnoff to go with my Mulitas. I was in Heaven!My bf went back the next day and got some wings, he was right... THEY ARE THE BOMB! Best bone in wings I've had in Vegas!! 25 we like 12.99 or something. Free bag of ice is a promo for the summer she said, so go down and get some ice and wings!!!
4	Delish! Chicken fingers & wings are da truth!
4	Soooo..........I just happen to pull into this place because I was thirsty and was needing some refreshments. As soon as I checked in on Yelp, I see tips and reviews all pertaining to their chicken wings!As soon as I start grubbin, I now understand why that's all I saw on my phone. The wings are a decent size, juicy, and suprisingly not that greasy. Who would of thought you can get good wings from a no name gas station/convenience store. The phrases "Hole in the wall" and "Mom and pop store" was running around in my mind. Definitely review type material.I would come back just for the wings alone. As I was leaving, I couldnt help but notice a litlle sign that said 50 cent wing wednesdays. Where's my personal assistant when I need them? I gotta make sure to put this place in my schedule book, preferrably wednesdays. Nuff said.
3	I like wings, I was in the neighborhood and it was Wednesday. Thanks to Stephanie's review showing up on my activity feed I checked out the Yelp page for Stop & Shop III. Not only did I find out that they had good wings, but also learned from Roger T. that they were only 50 cents on Wednesday. Nice. So I went, I ordered and I ate. I wouldn't say they were the BEST wings I've had in Vegas but they weren't bad by a long shot. I ordered 10 wings and the guy working there said "They're only 50 cents today so you want me to make that 20?" Which I thought was funny. He was a really nice guy and chatted with everyone that came in while I waited on my chicken. Per my request they loaded me up with blue cheese instead of the ranch that comes with. It's a clean store with a good staff. I wouldn't eat here everyday or anything but it's a decent stop when you're in the mood for fast, greasy food.
3	As far as gas station delis go, this one is A-OK. Try WING WEDNESDAYS!: 50 a piece. I always get them extra crispy, classic hot sauce and bring them home because you know I have a jar of the best homemade buttermilk ranch just waiting in the fridge.  If you ask nicely i just might trade you the recipe.They have an ok selection of beer, a little pricey. But I look no further than the 25oz cans of Bud Ice for 99. NOT the best beer, but they certainly pair well with the cheap wings.The staff is nice, one guy rides a Kawasaki Ninja 650. 80 MPG folks. I respect that.It's a good cheap eat. I'll post the other daily specials as I find them.
5	Best wing's on the goo! Well, a little messy but oh so DELISH! I haven't tried anything else from the menu but the wings i recommend. The service is good and never have they let me down.
