1	Won't be long before this place goes under. Hole in the wall doesn't always mean good food. Tried the Beef Pho, hands down worst Ive ever had. Beef stock from a can with buckets of pepper poured into it. No aroma and the 'salad' was pathetic, no basil.. what's that all about? I didn't try the other dishes which might be unfair. However I will not be back to try anything else, just not worth it to me!
4	I have been going here on and off for years and have always had a good experiance. The spring rolls here are really excellent,  I always start with them and sometimes I just eat a couple orders of them for the whole meal. The curry chicken here is also a favorite.
1	Something terrible has happened to my little Tu Do. They once had the BEST food...now, it is embarrassing. I used to love their curry chicken soup. I would even make the drive just to get it when i lived far away. With memories of that curry chicken pho making my mouth water, i decided to go back again. I was a bit uneasy as I sat near enough to the kitchen to see that things here had changed. When i was near the kitchen before, i always caught glimpses of gleaming white floors and shiny aluminum... now, it looks dingy and disorganized. I tried to order my soup, and I'm not sure if they were out of the ingredients, or if it has been removed from the menu, but the result is the same. I didn't get any. The meal i did get was horrible. It was swimming in oil, the vegetables were old and tinged with brown, and the meat wasn't even edible.I wonder what happened to the nice family that used to own the place.  It is so unlike the way it used to be that I can't even imagine that they are affiliated with it anymore.
1	I agree with the previous reviewer that something terrible has happened to a restaurant that used to be good. When we arrived, nobody greeted us, so we just sat at a table and waited for about 5 or 10 minutes for anyone to come to the table. The server threw a menu onto the table and then came back in a few minutes and asked us what number we wanted. She then said that they were out of some things and said that we could order from the Appetizer or Soup sections (what, no entrees?). I asked if anything at all was available from the other sections and she pointed to a few things. When she brought our food, she did not bring my daughter's order, and she didn't bring a salad that we had ordered to share. We assumed she was coming back with those, but she never came back. She stayed in the back, talking on the phone. We shared our entrees with our daughter, since she didn't have anything to eat. When we were finished, she did not bring the check - my daughter and I finally got up and went outside, and only then did she bring the check to my husband. She didn't apologize for not bringing all our food. On top of everything else, I got very sick to my stomach the next day.My husband said that the service was non-existent - I say it was surreal. While the food tasted delicious, I think both the cleanliness and the service need to be improved.
1	I'm just waiting for this restaurant to appear on Ch 5's dirty dining.  I ordered your basic run of the mill Pho Tai.  The bean sprouts were slimy, the lime was rotten.  Needless to say, I didn't add anything to the soup except for some chili sauce.  It wasn't very good without basil, sprouts, etc so I only ate about 1/3 of the bowl.  Luckily I only live 30 mins away from this place because I barely made it home in time for EXPLOSIVE DIARRHEA.  I have called the Maricopa County dept of health and reported the incident.  If you value your health, stay the hell away from this place!!!
4	I'm disappointed to see so many bad reviews! I admit I haven't been there much over the past few years and the ownership HAS changed, but when I did go there about a half a year ago my experience was still pleasant. I have been to this restaurant many times since the early 90's and I have always enjoyed my food. The service always used to be excellent, but it did seem to faulter a little on my last visit (I hope that's not a sign that they have truly gone downhill!) I always eat a hot bowl of pho when I'm at Tu Do. The bowl that you receive here is much bigger and more fulfilling than many other (more expensive) restaurants. It's just the same great basics: meat, fresh basil, noodles, lime, bean sprouts, cilantro, broth (and as much spicy sauce as you can handle).As for the atmosphere, it's always been somewhat ghetto. I've never had a problem with that, as long as they keep serving great, authentic Vietnamese food.
3	Honestly, I've only been here about 10 times over the last 10 years.  And I haven't had a sit down meal since the change in ownership.It used to be the little old lady who runs the kitchen owned the place.  Then they sold, and I met the new owner.  My understanding is that the place basically runs as a Vietnamese nightclub on Friday and Saturday nights, and that basically generates all the profit.  They run the restaurant during the day and most days for dinner I'm sure not to make a profit, as they never have enough customers.  I order take out over 2-3 months from this place, as it's only blocks from my house.  Language is a difficulty when ordering, but the food is of excellent value.Honestly, I've only ordered two dishes in the last couple times.  I ordered a curry chicken over rice, which is rich with good chicken, curry, cream, and a ton of rice.  Then I also order the spring rolls.  It's like 4 rolls, giant, for $6 or something.  It's easily twice the food as any other Vietnamese place I've ordered it from.  Good thick shrimp, crisp clean veggies, good spicy peanut dipping sauce.Would I come here and eat a meal with large group of people... no.  Because again, it's like your 70 year old Vietnamese grandmother cooking for you in the kitchen.  Smiles, little English, genuine interest in serving you good food.  It will come out in waves, no rhyme or reason, so if you aren't ordering family style, don't bother, as you'll get annoyed.With that said, for takeout or if you've got time to kill and come here with either a good book or decent company, let "grandma" fix you a quality meal and enjoy it for what it is.
1	Closed and re-opened.  Completely different ownership.  New place has better food, same cheap prices.  Had a bad experience with the manager, but when you can get a big bowl of good pho, so be it.  I will review under the new name after I go there again and hopefully the manager/server is gone.
