5	Being a newbie at vaping and was confused about all the terminology but the staff there was very helpful and patient in answering all my questions. Oh, they also have a little juice testing station where u can test out the flavor. Great people and pricing!Highly recommend.
5	How do you pronounce this?! aha I was talking with the owner, Felix, earlier today about how to pronounce their shop's name. I thought it sounded like saying "Wolverine." I asked if he was a Marvel fan and so he was. But we agreed it's a bit easier to say something along the lines of "Vaverine."This is yet another vape shop around Spring mountain, and this store sells products for those just about quitting smoking and just starting vaping. Since they have just opened up, they do not have any mechanical mods or anything for those who are hobbyists like myself. Though at the moment they do have the iTaste VV device for a nice price.I came here for the Protank II i previously saw that day on a craigslist for a great great deal, and the best price in Vegas at the moment and If you're looking for a quality glass tank and you're reading this around the time i post this, come on down while the deal is going on.The juice they sell are mixed by Felix in the back fresh, although there are some flavors in a showcase at certain nicotine levels which i imagine are steeped and are getting their good "age." There isn't a big selection as of yet, but the ones i have tried turned out good and i bought myself Blueberry, a size of 15ml for 8 dollars, really good price for a really tasty flavor. Also, i requested if Felix could add some drops of menthol, as i love a fruity menthol vape. He came out after mixing and gave me about 1/5 of 10ml bottle full of pure menthol to mix the desired amount of drops into the blueberry flavor. I thought that was an incredibly nice gesture.Customer Service was on top, and they have a passion for getting someone that has been smoking to slow down on that and start up vaping. The customers that came in when i was hanging out really seemed happy when they walked out and really appreciated the move they made from walking away from smoking and I appreciate a business that can't say it enough that as long as they quit smoking it's a good thing, not just selling a smoke-less product.Overall a great owned little shop. Nothing fancy and "over-the-top" or intimidating. Very friendly and talkative, Simple shop with great products to get you off smoking and into vaping. Flavors are tasty, the shop takes off the least favored flavors and keeps the juice with best feed back in stock and Felix is always making new flavors. Definitely give this shop a visit.
5	So happy to review Vapeverine today!Cheers to new friends who really care about you as you embark upon your life changing choice to join the world of vaping.    Being a heavy smoker for my entire adult life, I ran into a "Blu" Starter kit at Costco recently, and decided to give this $24 investment a try ... Didn't really like the flavors, but the kit was just perfect to get an introduction to e-cigs, for a small investment ... Not giving up yet! Looking for different flavor "tips", went to Chinatown looking for vape shops to buy supplies for the kit, and had no success finding Blu e-cig supplies ... Heading home, found Vapeverine! Woohoo! I didn't know it at that moment, but I hit the jackpot in Las Vegas on this day ... 10 days later, I am happy to vape away and no longer crave cigarettes or smoking.     The folks at Vapeverine are so passionate about helping their clients with their "life changing" decision to join the world of vaping, ... Whatever your personal goal, they are there to accommodate you as you learn about vaping, help you find easy to use products and most importantly, find flavored liquids to satisfy you before you leave their store, all at affordable prices. I left with the perfect system, more advanced than the Blu system ... Affordable ... Easy to use ... Happy.     They have a frequent buyer card for liquid, rewarding customer loyalty! I for one will be a loyal and happy Vapeverine client ... Luv, luv these flavors ... ROGUE, SPICY HORCHATA, MYSTIQUE and ICEMAN for a menthol now and then.  Very satisfying flavors to transition from Marlboro Lights. Haven't gotten into fruity flavors yet, but will. Super happy and not missing the smoke, smell or messy ash and butts that go with smoking.     Thank you Vapeverine!
5	It's hard to find a vapor shop that's open early, but this location is convieniently open at 10am.  Good central location for those near the strip or Chinatown.  Great flavors, well priced, and SUPER friendly staff.  If you need e-juice or vape stuff, check this place out!
3	As we were driving to another vape shop, we saw this on the route. We didn't know this place was here, so we turned into the lot to have a look see as well. Vaperverine (say that twice fast. I kept trying to say vaper vine or vaperine when I read it) is a DIY juice type shop and carry only their juice line. It's a small store and they had mostly starter type kits and clones and counterfeit mods. Counterfeits definitely are not my style, but also illegal.The BF and I tried some of their juice and it was decent DIY, but nothing jumped at us really as great. There were similar type flavors once you start trying them since they used the same flavorings in different combos to make some other flavors. The one plus is they have 2 sets of samplers - zero nic and 18nic which is different. I think it's good for newbies quitting to try a higher nic when trying to get a more accurate representation. Their price was about $8 for a 15ml. While our experience was just alright, maybe you are looking for a DIY to tweak your juice just right so perhaps this shop will be for you.
5	I've been to a lot of Vape Shops in Las Vegas and this one is the best one I've been to yet!!! I say this because the owners of this place are awesome! Also, they have the best prices on mech mods, RBA's, e-liquid, ect. that I've come across. I went in today for the first time because I was looking to purchase a new mech mod and RBA. Being new to both of these things, the owners Felix and Trisha took the time to show me how to build my new atomizer and give me the proper run through on how to use my new mech mod safely and also how to build it. I have to say, the level of customer service here is defiantly on point. I highly recommend this shop to anyone who vapes!!! I will also be recommending this shop to everyone I know that vapes and I will most defiantly be back in the future!!!
5	I've been coming here for a while now and they still receive 5/5 stars in my book. They are friendly and inviting, they have Mechanical mods for those that are into them, though they are clones, so if you're against clones, and i know there are people out there that are, this place isn't for you. Though i still definitely recommend their juice to everyone.  Their mechanical mods come from the better to best quality that's out there and if you're in the clone wars, you won't be disappointed .Just an update, as i was due for one. stop by if you're in the area!
5	Great, friendly and patient staff.  They taught us techniques on how to properly coil an omega rba which we also bought from there.  We also picked up a chi yu mod, an origin mod and a nimbus rba a while back.  Even though the mods are clones, they are of great quality made by HCigar.  They even polished up my gf's chi yu to remove the oxidation for free and told us where to get the supplies they used to clean it with.  The nimbus rba clone they carry also has a drip shield while my other chimbus doesn't.  I picked up a Kayfun 3.1 also from HCigar.  They showed me how to put it together and wrapped a coil step by step.  Even a costumer stepped in and gave me tips on how to fill it from the top properly instead of using the side hole for filling.  The kayfun is running great at 1.4 ohms.  I cleaned it when I got home just to remove any extra machine debris it may have.  If you're looking for a place to buy mods and learn more about them, this is the place to go.
5	If you are looking for friendly, genuine, and approachable customer service for your vaping needs, Vapeverine is the place to go.I visited the store earlier this week in need for some magnets for my Copper Nemesis; I called and Tricia picked up the phone to inform me that those were the only magnets they carried, so I was happy.  When I first entered the store, I was pleased to be greeted by the owners, Felix and Tricia, and commended them on such a clean and professional environment as it was my first time coming into the place.  After only thinking that I would come into buy magnets, I was delightfully surprised at all the products they had to offer!  They had wonderful mods, beautiful atomizers for sale, as well as an array of juices to pick and choose from -- all at stellar and affordable prices.  In essence, it's also safe to say that the owners are so friendly and hospitable when it comes to your vaping needs!  I have never been in another vape lounge/house/store where I can just sit down for 2 hours and talk and exchange ideas with the people who run the place.  Felix even offered to clean my mod and offered ways of how to maintain its color as well as tips for having the best vape experience possible.  I came back two days later to do the same thing and now Vapeverine feels like home when it comes to vaping or just talking and hanging out.If I could give this place 10 stars out of 5, I totally would.  Their products, customer service, and juice selections are absolutely stunning and affordable (cheaper than the competitors in the Las Vegas Valley.)  Thank you Felix and Tricia for making my first experience at Vapeverine a memorable one -- it certainly won't be my last.
5	This as good as vape shops get in my book. Trisha is so accommodating and helpful in every way possible. Felix is a mix master of vaper liquids. He makes one called Rogue that is so warm and satisfying, absolutely NO after taste. Just a truly good blend! They truly care for their customers and want to help smokers find a better alternative,. I've know 20-40 year smokers who wanted to quit, but couldn't find the flavor they like or the right fit in other shops and e-cgs.  Well, after meeting Trisha and Felix, they are off the pack-a-day plan. No more coughing, brighter skin, no smoke smell in the car anymore, no more hassles! Vaping is the answer. VAPEVERINE is the place to find for anyone wanting to start vaping or keep  vaping.  Trisha and Felix are angels.
3	its not a bad shop its pretty small i was referred there by another shop looking for nemesis magnets. they had them in stock and for a decent i want them now price. The employees were nice they had a pretty large selection but all clones from what i could see, clones aren't really my thing. If you have been vaping for a while you know what fasttech is think of this as a fasttech store front with a small price bump for the convenience of not having to wait 2-3 weeks.
5	5 stars for people who knows what they're doing. came here just to buy 2 vtc5's and some jap cotton, but ended up getting a new mod. sh*t. these guys right here are awesome. built a coil on my new mod. hits good. and a fair price too for what i got. nick, and trish, triple thumbs up guys. vape on!
5	If I had to sum up my experience at vaperine with 1 word that word would be excellent. From the moment my wife and I walked into the shop our needs were anticipated by the staff who were genuinely interested in our lives and what we needed from their store. I knew what I needed and they had it. A plus. One of the owners helped me test 15 different juices to make sure I got the right one.   Again, I didn't even ask she just went above and beyond.
