4	Sexy, swanky Art Deco/Craftsman interiors with nightly piano.Serene patio seating for fireside canoodling, sunset viewing or enjoying the early desert spring weather.Service was attentive, quick and friendly.  The sunset margarita was a fruity and refreshing retreat and went perfectly with my awesome chicken quesadilla.If I wasn't at the Biltmore for work you would've found me here or at the pool my entire stay in Phoenix.
4	This is one of my favorite aspects about the Arizona Biltmore property. If you're going to go to Wright Bar, sit in their outdoor patio area where they have several seating areas around fire pits. During my stay, I ended every evening out in front of one of those pits with a cognac in my hand. Strangest thing--say hello to the Biltmore's feral cat, Simba. I'm going to stop myself now--they call this thing a FERAL cat. It lives at the freakin' Biltmore. The thing looks immaculately groomed and VERY well fed. It is NOT feral.
4	Love the Wright Bar, mainly because it's in walking distance. This isn't the cheapest bar in town. Expect to pay @ $19 for a Martini. The extra costs for drinks are palatable with the ambiance of the Historic Hotel. Nice dark decor and beautiful floor to ceiling windows this bar is the sort of place where you relax and take in the beauty of Squaw Peak and all the tourists going by. Well, after $60 in drinks its time to put some food in the stomach. It's an easy 40 yard walk to Frank & Albert's. Love having this amazing Phoenix Landmark in our backyard. Cheers!
4	Always a good time at the Wright Bar! The biggest problem with the bar is the price of the drinks. I know that the Biltmore is a high end resort, but I have been to numerous 5 star resorts that didn't gouge the customer that much. This isn't the Rainbow Room in NY! This place does get 4 stars from me because it's tough to find a more relaxing place to have drinks with friends and family. Nice patio with heaters and plenty of seating for those busy holiday weekends. Give the pizza a try. You will be pleasantly surprised! Much better than I expected. Cost about the same as my drink.
4	This patio is one of the best around to enjoy a deluxe cocktail and the spectacular views. This is laid back hotel bar without much of a scene. I suggest you try the pretzel bites, the cheese they serve with them is mind blowing..
4	Great place for drinks!  Outside, you'll have gorgeous mountain views.  Inside, a beautiful space with large windows and nightly entertainment.We stopped in twice during our brief stay.  The signature cocktails are a little expensive at roughly $15, but my Polo Club with Hendricks gin, raspberry syrup, fresh lemon juice, and egg white was a treat.  Later in the evening, we had dessert...apple tartan.  The presentation was a work of art.  So was the speed at which we devoured this slice of heaven.  Nice spot for travelers and locals alike!
4	We came here for drinks before dinner, and we had a great time.They were able to make me a skinny margarita that actually tasted good.  I was impressed.We ordered off of their menu.  It is basically small bites from the restaurants on the ground.Sit outside if you can.  The views of the gardens are wonderful.Vanessa was our server, and she was pleasant, attentive, and gave us a lot of information.
4	Great place at the Biltmore to grab a cocktail before dinner!  Nice bar space inside, great patio with spectacular views, professional and friendly service and an extensive cocktail and wine list.
