5	Great food... Reasonably priced and great atmosphere. Used to be the old Orange Table...Paul & Lori have done a great job in calibration to transform this establishment into a great place to eat & drink...check it out!
3	This is tough to write because "Orange Table" was my favorite brunch spot in Scottsdale.  Now that it's become "Park Place Bar & Grill," I am a bit disappointed.In my opinion, it has a bit of an identity crisis, trying to satisfy everyone all at once.  The music playing makes it seem like it's a jazz club.The extensive wine bar inside makes it seem like it's a place for wine aficionados. But then they have TVs inside like it's a sports bar, the patio is very casual, and they serve bottomless mimosas to satisfy the Old Town Scottsdale Sunday Funday crowd.Something for everyone, but it's a bit odd to see it all in the same place.The food is incredibly similar to "Orange Table," but definitely not as good.My wife and I ordered things we loved when it was "Orange Table" (Brunch Burger and Eggs Benedict), and we thought both were just OK.Our server, who we love and remember from "Orange Table," called their new nighttime additions (including Happy Hour & Live Music) a "work in progress."  One thing I didn't particularly like seeing was one of the Managers/Owners smoking a cigarette on the patio in front of the guests.  Since writing this honest review, the manager reached out to me with what I believed were some pretty nasty comments.  That being said, the comment he posted to the review was well-written, and I'm sure it's difficult starting a new restaurant, so I applaud their efforts.
4	We finally stopped in for brunch and we will be returning very soon.  I had the monkey cakes and they were very good.  These were better than the pancakes they served when this restaurant was Orange Table.  I love the transformation of this place too - the decor, staff, music and food. I can see this becoming a favorite spot in Old Town.
3	Three and a half stars.  Same menu from Orange Table days (I'd say about 90% quality of execution) with better service on my one visit.However, although the remodel is impressive, they've changed the decor to "sports bar chic" and it took all of the warmth out of the place.  I'm sure my breakfast buddy and I will still eat here, but I'm also sure we'll stick to the patio.  The vibe is definitely different, and we're not really fancy sports bar people.
3	As many of the other reviewers stated, this place is only OK in terms of brunch vibe. If you're looking for bottomless mimosas and walking through old town after, this is the place for you! But if you are looking to continue the neighborhood warmth and hole in the wall feel that orange table gave us all, keep on looking. I used to love walking through civic center with our dog for a brunch in this spot but the vibe is just not what I want out of a brunch place, music was weird, there was smoking on the patio and while the menu is the same as orange table, it wasn't really executed 100%. I got the "park place benedict" and I didn't lick the plate clean like I used to for that item, so i've got to try something different next time.I may give them another shot and maybe we just went too early into their opening time, they've got a few kinks to work out still. Like I said, just a new vibe then we're used to for this spot in civic center, but I can appreciate what they are trying to do! I do think having a place to go at night in civic center will be nice so I look forward to trying happy hour.
4	Good food and selectionsGood service Hospitable and friendlyLike the remodelGood music todayNice patioBeen to that orange table location for a decade or moreSimilar menuCould do without the sports screensDo not fit and take away from atmosphere
5	Went here for a late breakfast. Great seating on a beautiful patio overlooking the park. I loved the flannels at Orange Table which was the old name of this place and was worried they would be gone, but nope luckily still here. I had the green flannel and it was great. There happened to be live music and bottomless mimosas which were both nice surprises. I will definitely be back and recommend this place.
5	Disappointed to find out this was not Orange Table anymore. Elated to leave with the same euphoria after scarfing down OUTRAGEOUSLY delicious food from a very similar menu. Awesome pancakes, phenomenal flannels, outrageous bacon, stupendous pico. Mmmmmm. Come here!.....a hidden gem.
4	The breakfast hash is tasty...egg sandwich solid...all in all worth it...good service...nice people...
3	We came here for New Year's Day brunch for my mother-in-law's bday. They were one of the few places that offered brunch on NYD so that was nice but no bottomless mimosas :-/ only on Sat & Sun.  Really cute location right in the park with other nice restaurants around.  Food was good, nothing outstanding, just the basic brunch.  We each had 2 mimosas which was the majority of the bill but overall it was a good brunch for not a bad price.
