5	This is a really awesome DQ. The management that runs this location is superb!The first time I went here was to purchase ice cream & some smoothies (from the Orange Julius within the store) with coupons from my Entertainment book. Since I was using two coupons, I thought me and my boyfriend would have to purchase separately. The lady was nice enough to not make it difficult b/c the exception on the coupon did say "only one per visit or customer". (I forget since I don't have it anymore.)My most recent experience was this past week. My sister wanted to order a photo ice cream cake from them for my niece's birthday. She wasn't able to go during the week, so we asked if we could e-mail them the photo with all the necessary information and they were totally fine with it. They were awesome, kept in touch, and the cake turned out great!My family has ordered three ice cream cakes from this location within the past 6 months and they have tasted like heaven every single time. (We always order the Oreo Cookie & Cream ice cream cake.) They are consistent and I love that I can depend on that. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone ordering an ice cream cake. There is no better place for cakes. TRUST ME! I literally dream about their cakes a night and have withdrawals between my nieces/nephews birthday parties. Note: I have uploaded the pictures of the cakes we've purchased in the photo section.
5	Was craving a Boston Cooler so we decided to stop in Monday night. I noticed that the soda selection did not include Vernors(key ingreadent) to what I came for, so I asked the man at the counter, who happened to also be the owner, if he had the means to make one. He was dissapointed to infprme me that he couldnt , however quickly told me all the thinkg he could make me and asked what else I would be in the mood for. As by bf joined me I was still uincertain of what I wanted at the point. Wemordered a cherry freeze, colcolate brownie blizzard and an orange julius. We sat down and when our order was ready the owner came to our table and deleivered the drinks!! We asked him a few questions about how business has been and so on, he was friendly and upbeat! We LOVED the pride and ownership that he showed, usually you find young kids running places like that but with him being there it gave the place an at hoime feel and we sat and ate our frozen treats and was nothing less then 100%b satisfied!! We will def be back ... most likely too often!!!!
5	Oh for the love of Blizzards!  Saw this owner/proprietor on the local news recently during a major hankering for ice cream which doesn't come very often. to my surprise the owner took my order and took the time to chat while i waited for my sweet concoction.  I ordered chocolate chip, pecans and coconut *(i know, u either love coconut or you hate it).  he said business is good even in this flat economy (probably owing to the incessant heat) and he employs clean cut teenagers that actually want to earn a buck rather than have one handed to them for showing up (take that, Target).  The pretty teenager suggested a blizzard mix of strawberry, banana and coconut next time. i said, can you really do that? mgr must have trained her well and said we can prepare most anything you desire....whoa, have i got a list of things i desire.  Try them, after dinner, or after a workout at the gold's in the same parking lot. They aim to please!
1	This review is written in behalf of my boyfriend. This review is for the service, not the food.It's Summer in Vegas and it is easily at least 90-something degrees out here in the evening. He calls Dairy Queen to ask what time they closed today (Monday) and they say 9:30pm. He was IN the store talking to a staff member at 9:28pm. And the girl in the front says they turned off all their machines (he wanted a Blizzard) following the comment with "and my watch is fast". HUH? If your watch says it's 9:30pm, then the doors should've been locked because the store is officially closed. From my personal experience, that is how businesses operate. Don't leave the store open and turn off your machines in an attempt to close and go home faster. So for this Dairy Queen, make sure you get here even earlier than their already "reDQlous" closing time if you want any machine-produced frozen goodies.
5	I am a HUGE ice cream/ yogurt fan but yogurtland is TOO crowded for me during the summer, so down the street to here it is! The portions are HUGE, I love that! Its rarely ever crowded and the employees are really polite.
2	The girls working here are very young. I blame management for not properly supervising them. Watching one of them holding my sundae with one hand and lick the fingers of her other hand was more than I could handle. This was done within sight of another employee who was working on my husband's sundae. They obviously have no clue.
2	With 3 people working it shouldn't take this long children..... Get it together plsWe had to go back and ask for them to remake ours, it didn't stand up to the test. Once remade it was pretty good but the wait and re-do make me not want to try again.
3	Got a medium vanilla soft serve, dipped in a Cherry coating shell....really good.  I have to admit though, seeing the word "Artificially Flavored" on every single box of ice cream in the cold freezer was a major turn off.  It made me realize that I was holding an "artificial soft serve cone"!  Is nothing naturally flavored here?Oh well.....- I guess it's convenient enough if there's nothing else around you.
5	How can u not give this place 5*'s cone on people. Can u say ice cream.....yummySo thy just open the girl wanted on us was very nice and pretty fast. We got a HOT fudge sundae and truffle blizzard. Soooo good.
