1	This place looks like my grandma's kitchen! If you seat down ordering is confusing and the people taking your order make you feel like you have already done something wrong! Food was sad!
5	This restaurant was recommended to me by my boss. So myself and a friend, stopped in today. I had their B Special, which they called santa monica. It had ham & Turkey, Cheese, Veggies and Mayo. I especially loved the avocado on it. It was all very fresh and delicous. It came with fruit, which were peaches, they came out of a can, but they tasted great. The soup was a bean and sausage soup, just awesome. My friend had a light lunch with broccoli soup and salad and a croissant. The salad was fresh and crispy and she raved about the soup. I read the previous comments, don't see any problems myself. Maybe they had a bad day.
5	I have been going to this restaurant for years.  The food is great.  The restraunt decor is simple - no frills, but what they lack in decor, they make up with a great menu...with lots of options!    It is a family owned restaurant, they deliver, and they offer salad, fresh soups with their sandwiches.  Enjoy!
2	This is not the same salads n such that I went to as recent as one month ago. They have raised their prices and changed their menu and a big way. I can understand raising the prices but what they did to the menu I think was a bad idea. They took my favorite sandwich off, got rid of sprouts completely, and the biggest problem is that you no longer get to choose two side items but only one. This place no longer stands out to me. There are too many other sandwich shops that I can go to. The decor is not good, I've been going to this place for many years and it never changes. At the end of my dining experience I tried to redeem my 10% discount for checking in on yelp but they said that that coupon shouldn't be on there. They did go ahead and give me the 10% discount though so that was nice. That will be my last time at salads n such because really they offer nothing different than any other place and now their prices are higher. Just not worth it.
4	I'm not really sure why people care about the decor for a place like this... I suppose its a bit dated, but it certainly wasn't dirty.  Anyway.. I've ordered from this place a three or four times in the past year or so and I like it.  The sandwiches are huge and they have a pretty nice selection.. 23 on the menu, including the wraps (not including the burgers).  I can't say I've had a bad one yet.  The latest was the "Club" Ranch Wrap and I thought it was quite good.  They have made a few changes in the past year or so.. The old menu used to have the option to have a whole sandwich or a half sandwich, both of which included the 2 sides.  You could have ordered just the sandwich and taken $2.50 off of the price at that time which would have made the sandwiches about $5 and change.  The new menu has the option for just the sandwich or the combo.  The combo includes 1 side and a 32oz drink.  (old menu the drink was extra)  So the price for the new menu (combo) has gone up a bit, but the price for the sandwiches alone ranges from $4.50 - $6.. not that much of a difference, and pretty reasonable.  Anyway.. they deliver pretty quickly.. they've always been friendly on the phone and when I've ordered in person.  One thing to note.. if ordering on their website, I would not recommend entering your credit card information as the site is not secured by SSL.
4	Great Local Hang out hole in the wall with the best french dips i have ever had! the food and staff are great! who cares about the decor! the food is what matters and this place has been here for year and years and years.....thats got to say something.
1	This is an awful place for lunch. You would never guess it was a sit down restaurant and the service was sooo slooow. We were there for 45+ minutes for lunch, maybe 5 minutes spent eating. I got the club ranch wrap which was less than impressive looking for $9. The outside felt a little warm but the inside was scolding hot! Grease dripped from the bottom and landed on my finger leaving it bright red with a blister. Seriously?? Took a few more bites and I was burned a second time on the side of my lip. Mind you I had already eaten my potato salad (which tasted like it was from Walmart) and chips so the wrap had plenty of time to cool down. This was a joke, and the check was just the cherry on top. $23 for two sandwhiches I could have made at home without being burned. There are way better sandwhich shops with actual homemade sides for half the money. Try Z-Cafe at Alma School and Baseline!!!
2	I really like this place alot the food is good, BUT, we got a delivery and it took 2 + hours. REALLY.  I dont care how busy you are, first rule, you never say I am soooo busy, everyone is busy.  I dont know that we will ever order from there again, if it is going to take that long to deliver food.
1	R.I.P. Salads N' Such... if you're looking for the Salads N' Such that you used to know and love, this ain't it.This used to be a lot of peoples' favorite sandwich shop in Mesa.  New owners recently moved in and unfortunately the only thing that has carried over is the name and a fraction of the menu--most of which tastes nothing like it used to!For starters, the service has been really bad.  On my first trip to the newly managed place my order was at first lost, then I was overcharged (which they thankfully fixed, but took almost 5 minutes), and then my sandwich was made incorrectly (a take out, so I got to drive 15 minutes back to correct it, with nothing more than a "sorry" to boot).On my most recent trip I got the same thing I had been getting for years and the bread was stale--this from a place that was famous for its fresh toasted rolls--the potato salad was mostly clumps of mayonnaise, the lettuce and tomato were both soggy and aged, and the cookies--which also used to be fresh made--tasted like something from a prepackaged box from the 99 cent store next store.  I took the sandwich back, no refund needed.  The new owners claim to have attempted to update the restaurant and learn from the "old guard" that was here, but it's a pale reproduction.  They can follow a menu all they want, but if they're using old vegetables and pre-fab baked goods, they'll never come close to what this place used to be.This was my last trip to a place my coworkers and I used to love.
