5	When I first learned that Panera was opening up in the University area (near where I work), I shouted, "Hallelujah!"  I've always loved the comforting feeling one gets in a Panera and I've never been disappointed in their lunches, breads, pastries, breakfast, or coffee.  I think by now I've sampled everything on the menu so now I know exactly what I want and order the same thing every time. The You-Pick-Two combo offers you a choice of two of the following: soup, salad, sandwich.  I mix it up a little bit depending on my hunger and the temperature outside, but it usually involves two of the three:  cream of chicken and wild rice soup, French onion soup, Caesar salad, tomato and mozzarella salad (summertime only) and -- my favorite -- the Frontega chicken panini sandwich.  As my side, I take their super-crunchy potato chips and bring them back to work for a snack on another day.  Wash it all down with a cup of their hazelnut coffee and I've had a satisfying lunch. This Panera has always offered great service with a smile and cooked my order very quickly.  Never a problem.
4	I always love eating at Panera because of their array of choices and great prices. I sometimes just grab coffee and a bagel but I really like going for lunch. The pick two option is great because you don't have to choose between your favorite sandwich or bowl of soup. The soups are flavorful and always fresh. I would recommend the tomato soup, it's basically the best tomato soup I have ever eaten. The fresh salads are great too and so are the sandwiches and paninis. All the sandwiches are served on their fresh bread. The tuna salad is very good, even for those who are not particularly fond of tuna. Their coffee and pastries are also really good. I would suggest not going between 12 and 1 because it is incredibly busy around this time.
5	I love that I can walk to this Panera! Consistently delicious food and and a very friendly staff.
4	Can't go wrong with Panera!  Their menu is big enough (and tasty enough) to pretty much eat every meal here.  I usually just go for lunch.  Lately I have been doing their "Pick Two" option for lunch so 1/2 salad and 1/2 a sandwich or 1/2 a sandwich and a cup of soup... mix and match.It was a little crowded today, I thought the rain would force everyone to stay indoors, so there was some jockeying going on for tables (since it was also cold outside).  Had a bowl of warm broccoli cheddar soup with half a tuna sandwich on honey wheat.  Hit the spot.
3	The things I have done to salads at Panera are probably illegal in some states.Okay, thats not true. I just really dig in when I am craving a packed salad enough to shell out nearly 9 bucks (rabbits are not cash-rich  you know). From what I can tell this Panera is pretty standard. Enticing menu, maze-like seating area and fairly quick service.While the employees here are really just super cheery, no amount of happiness hides the fact that at lunch time this place is mobbed. I have more than once been relegated to the bar that is actually IN the ordering line to eat my leafy delight.Still, if you have a few extra minutes to eat it's a nice change of pace from so many fried, refried & deep fried lunch options in the University area.
3	I had the chance to dine here for breakfast for the first time today, this Saturday 2/11.  I've been to Panera many times before, but always for lunch.  I do not know why, but when I think of weekend breakfast spots to try, Panera Bread is usually not on the top of my list of places to go.  However, due to the fact that my gf had a gift card we decided to give it a shot.Service - Service was amazing, prompt, polite, friendly, etc.  I could go on for days, I'll  just sum it up by saying, the place has damn good customer service.  Food:  I ordered a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich on a bagel.  It was good not great.  I'd prefer the same breakfast sandwich from a place like Bruegger's or Einstein's.  Bacon didn't have much flavor to me.  The sandwich wasn't bad by any means, it was just ok.  We also ordered a blueberry muffin and a pecan/cinnamon roll.  The Blueberry muffin was great!  The pecan/cinnamon roll on the other hand was not so great.  It did not taste fresh at all.  I feel like it may have been made a day or two ago.  Drink:  We ordered a strawberry smoothie before we left.  Both my gf and I loved it.  It had fresh strawberries and yogurt all mixed together.  It was cold, fresh and delicious.  No complaints there.   Other:  -Free WiFi-Plenty of free parking-Great salads-Great service-Clean
5	I love panera bread. Never disappointed when I come here. Quick and easy. The pick two is awesome!
4	I always go for the Mediterranean Egg White on Ciabatta with a large cup of coffee. This is one way to start your day right.
5	I'm from New York, so there are a lot of things down here in North Carolina that I'm not familiar with or that they don't have, like Tim Hortons :( But Panera is something we have up in NY and a place I'm quite fond of. It was great to have a little piece of home while I'm here. Nothing but good things to say about this place.
5	Always have a great experience here.  The food is amazing and everyone is very courteous.  I love that this is an office away from the office, as well.  Free wi-fi (though it seems to get slow when it gets crowded) and fast service.  A little pricey when you have to do everything yourself, but I like that they have several healthy options.  The not-so-healthy options are awesome, too!
5	I am in love with this restaurant.  Every location I've ever been to (thank god there are so many!) has been clean, friendly, and superior quality.There isn't much on the menu I haven't tried at some point.  I can't think of anything I don't like here.  One of my favorites is actually the veggie sandwich.  It's always so fresh and flavorful!  I also love the baguette bread you can get as a side.  Bread and butter is one of those instantly happy things for me.  I often run by here to pick up fresh bread and bagels, too.  Especially if we are expecting house guests.  It's such a nice little treat.  They also have a pretty generous rewards program for regular customers.  More often than not I get a free drink or pastry during my visit.Stop by any Panera, you won't be disappointed.
5	I love Panera. The food is fresh, healthy and delicious. This Panera has lots of cozy seating and just added a drive thru, which is awesome!
5	Even though the place was crowded, service was really great.
4	It's Panera! What could go wrong! Nothing really except that you have to be really lucky to get a good sized sandwich when you order from the pick 2. Like 50% of the time I get a sandwich that is about 3-4 inches long and the other 50% of the time it's like 6ish inches long lol. I usually get the roast beef sandwich with soup and when I get a small slice of sandwich I don't usually leave full :( but hey, the soups yummy.Price - 4/5 Service - 5/5Food - 4/5
3	Ridiculously fast service. BUSY! Comfortable seating. Great menu selections. Wifi.
4	Great food, fast service.  Always busy but the line usually moves quickly.  Went there for lunch and my bill was $11-$12, for the soup/salad combo with a drink.  A little pricey for the amount of food they gave.  The salad was served in a huge bowl but it was almost empty.  I was surprised at how small the serving of salad was.  Overall, good place for lunch but not worth the money in my opinion.
2	I go here a lot and this morning I went to get a little breakfast of a bagel and a smoothie in the drive thru. I asked the woman what bagels were available(normally gone quick on Saturdays) and woman was short and rude with me. I then when up to the window where I waited to be helped, the woman kept saying this person is making your smoothie it will be out in a second I said okay! She took my payment and repeated that I was waiting on the smoothie. I sat there for 5 minutes and watched all people in the back fooling around and the woman who said my smoothie would be out. She then after 5 minutes started making it. I went in the store and told the barista what happened. She made me my smoothie and I asked for manager. Took manager about 5 minutes to come out and I told him what happened. He just said sorry and didn't take me seriously. The woman was right next to him and she didn't even apologize to me. Last time I pay 4.00 for a smoothie. I don't know if I will be returning here, people look miserable.
4	It is been two years that I can't just try something else other than chicken frontega + Broccoli cheddar! I enjoy it always and ever!
5	I live right near this location so I am a frequent visitor of this particular chain.  The food is in my opinion just as good if not better than the other chains. However some others chains in Charlotte don't always match the quality.What I really love about this Panera is the staff. They are all very friendly and always looking to enhance your dining experience. Not to mention they have a sense of humor and don't find it an issue to explain something to a customer.Overall a great restaurant that I frequently visit and shall continue doing so.
5	Panera Is my fav spot for breakfast on sat & sundays. Great soups, specially the broccoli, potato and chicken noddle. Food is always top quality and service is fast and efficient.
4	I have recently went back to this Panera location and what a difference!! My food is brought to me, they brought me cheese, and they took my plates when I was done. I think it is a way better Panera than it was 3 months ago. I NOW come here all the time and my order is always right! Yay
1	This is my 3rd time here and the WiFi is horrible!  What a waste of time, gas and the dining experience.  Not to mention now I will surely lose an hour or more of study time; depending on where I go next. I don't understand why Panera cant seem to upgrade.  If the mom & pop coffeehouse can have a decent speed WiFi and Panera has way more customers (more revenue) whats your malfunction?   And this location especially because its directly across from UNCCWhy, oh why did Jackson's Java have to close down :(
5	I am truly in love with most of the staff here at this location the management staff is always friendly, and it is nice to actually have a bit of the same west coast things to study here. I am know to sit here most days for long periods at a time.Yes the Wi-Fi is slower during the busy times and they combat that by only letting you use it for 30 min during peak times. So that is when I actually have to work as Netflix and hulu don't really want to work when everyone is around. Love that they make bread in store, and donate to local charity at the end of each day!
3	Avoid the drive-thru if there is more than one person in line. The drive-thru is annoying, slow, and completely negates the point of its "inconvenience." Go inside, the staff is friendly and helpful.
2	Slowest panera ever. With rude and impatient staff, an attitude that appears to just be a reflection of the managers working.
1	Horrible experience at lunch today! Tried to use the "fast lane" kiosk which was anything but.  After keying in an order for 3 people we discovered we couldn't use our $25 gift card (asked a manager who arrogantly just said "no." Not "no, I'm sorry" just flat out "no!". A sign or notice of some kind at the kiosk would be appropriate right?  We also had a $5 member reward applied to our order.  So we ordered at the register after all, which then negated the $5 off coupon because it had to be online or at said kiosk.  No big deal I suppose but the manager referenced above could have honored it.  We finally get to our table in hopes that the poor service would be over, but those hopes were soon dashed when the food came out. One of the sandwiches had a nice long hair dangling from it, one of them was supposed to be toasted and the 3rd was surprisingly correct.  After sending back the 2 wrong meals, one of them was returned minus the soup.  We finally eat and as we were about to leave the same manager walks by our table.  Instead of stopping by the table and apologizing for the inconvenience he looked at me with the same arrogance as before and kept walking.  I asked another employee what the manager's name was and he said it was Aaron Taal.  Frankly this guy should be working in the kitchen as far away from customers as possible.  I'll never go back.
