5	Just purchased a bed from Parnian Furniture and I couldn't be more excited or pleased by the quality and craftsmanship of it.  Their attention to fine details and the service they provide is over the top.Leila Parnian did a GREAT JOB putting the whole order together with prompt delivery.If you're looking for high quality, detail oriented furniture that will last you a lifetime or more, then purchase a Parnian piece of furniture or accessory. Check out their second showroom at Biltmore Fashion Park next to Apple. A beautiful boutique to give you a taste of their actual showroom in Scottsdale.
1	Out of my price range, but displayed glass items could use a cleaning and/or dusting
4	What a fantastic range in inventory, for a furniture store. They have pieces for modest budgets, as well as some top of the line pieces. Will definitely be back!!
5	The most amazing furniture that you can not find else where . The contemporary designs are all original . And the style of designs is beautifully . The quality is absolutely impeccable . And the staff is highly experienced and carry a lot of knowledge about furniture and design .
5	Amazing furniture, amazing customer service.. We got our bed from them which was made in Italy.. Fast delivery and set up.. We absolutely love it.. Would def go back.. Very Unique furniture..
4	Ultra modern, edgy furniture. Prices can be steep, but the items here are high quality. They will even custom make a bed for you for the right $$$ ($9000 and up)!Service was friendly. The associate on the floor was informative, but not pushy or aggressive.
5	It doesn't get much better than this for modern furniture!For years, I had driven by this place with the big bold circular window. Finally when it was time to shop for furniture, I had to stop by.I was like a kid in a candy store here. I haven't seen anything like what they have here, anywhere else. Their selection of beautiful, modern and unique pieces took me hours to look through.I bought an ultra chic bed and a gorgeous art piece. They look stunning in my home.
