5	I love Dr Brent Pospisil. He is very thorough, gentle and patient. He is a great dentist.His staff is very gentle and efficent too. My old dentist spent less time cleaning my teeth than I did for my 6 month cleaning.  Dr Brent's office does a great job and gives me pointers on how to work on the problem areas where I could be cleaning better.
5	I started with E Leslie Pospisil probably 17 years ago now.  He was recommended by a coworker.  And I stuck with him.  He was careful, gentle, and seemed to only do work when it was needed.  About the time he went into semi-retirement (and now full retirement) his sons had graduated and were entering the field.  Dr Doug inherited me (and my family).Dr Doug, like his dad, is thorough and gentle.  He does his best to minimize discomfort from the injections (there is only so much he can do, but he does try).  He is conservative in his drilling and recommendations so you know when he suggests something that you really do need it.  And he will spend as much time as he needs to do the job right. You don't feel he is trying to rush you out of there.  You really couldn't ask anything more from your dentist.Unfortunately our favorite hygienist moved away.  But he has several good ones, and you can request your favorite (once you have a favorite).Going to the dentist is never fun, but you should go a couple times a year and this is a good guy to go to.
5	By far, the best dentist office I've been to.  Dr Brent is calm, collected, and skilled at the art of dentistry.  His office runs smoothly, and efficiently.  The Dr is very good at communicating what he is doing, and is very good at making you feel at ease.  This is a great office. A+
5	I visited Dr. Doug for the first time yesterday. Was greeted with a warm smile and hello. The assistant immediately came and got me to take me back. She took an extensive set of X-rays and moments later Dr Doug came in. Super easy to talk to, Down to earth and obviously has mastered his craft. After talking to me (just to get to know me) he did a gum pressure check and checked my teeth. He then brought my X-rays onto the tv hanging in front of me and Did a wonderful job explaining the anatomy of the teeth and broke the news (quite nicely) I had my first cavity of my life. I was worried about a couple other things which after we discussed, he mentioned some no to low cost solutions to. Today I went back in and got a cleaning done by Darla (the hygenist).She talked me through everything she was doing and was really gentle. She took a whole hour to do the cleaning. Best cleaning I have had in my life! I had been hesitant to try a new dentist since moving here from California, where I had the same dentist for 25 years, but am SO glad to have found this office. Highly recommend them!
