3	i've lived near pilrig park for a number of years now and like the yelp rating says it's A-OK.  i think it's a bit hard to be a park in edinburgh because you're likely to be overshadowed by the mega parks of Holyrood and the Meadows.  these parks are supreme in terms of picnicing areas and excellent running and cycling paths.  sadly pilrig park does not live up to the standards set by these two green beauties.that said though, it's a nice park where people go to walk their dogs and i've spotted a number of football games there in the warmer weather.  i think i even once saw a bootcamp type workout class there!  there is also a small play park in the upper corner that is frequently used.  so there is a lot on offer, but my main use is as a short cut when i'm walking to the gym or somewhere on the shore.  definitely very useful for that, except if it's after dark as i'm not too sure how safe any park is when it's dark outside!
3	As BBQ season creeps closer, this park will be our new back garden. So far I have only walked through it but my thoughts so far are that some of the people that loiter there are pretty questionable. However, the grass is very green and grassy, there is a nice little play park and it seems fairly quiet which is nice compared to the Meadows.I will update my review once we have a BBQ on a sunny day, but for now it seems a very promising location for soaking up those two days of Scottish summer we get.
3	Despite living in the area for a long time, I kept forgetting this park was nearby. However, a new job means I get the chance to walk through it every day now, and I'm enjoying it thoroughly! It's big, lots of well tended grass to laze, blether, read, play and BBQ on (I'm not sure if that's allowed or not by the way, but I counted 3 tonight and nobody seemed fussed!), 2 good play-parks for the kids and dogs seem to like it too! There are plenty of paths through the park leading to Bonnington and Leith Walk, but there are also a few secluded areas too (which I'd steer clear of late evenings and early mornings!)The only thing missing is a wee ice cream van but, that aside, 'park-life' is alive, and well, in Pilrig and you should definitely check it out some time!
