3	Sushi Three is located in a strip of shops on Beverly Road, alongside a coffee shop, florist, several banks, and two pizza places.  This and Little Tokyo are, to my knowledge, the only sushi restaurants in Mt. Lebanon.Sushi Three has an extensive menu that seems to have expanded since the last time I visited, and has lots more than just sushi.  There is a long list of appetizers, tempuras and teriyaki dishes, and some Chinese offerings.  The main focus, the sushi, takes up a large portion of the menu, and there are many different rolls, ranging from the basic kappa rolls to the complex southside roll (shrimp, smoked eel, fish flakes, cucumber, spinach, mushrooms, egg and caviar).  As a vegetarian, I appreciate the vegetable sushi platter, which I have never seen anywhere else and only costs $12.  There is even a separate vegetarian menu.While I do appreciate the wide-ranging menu, I just can't like the atmosphere.  It's always very quiet and dark inside, and I always get the feeling of being in a cave.  I prefer to get take-out or delivery.Overall, I prefer Little Tokyo, but with Sushi Three's improved menu and large number of vegetarian options, my rating may change soon.
4	I just got lunch from here today.  For $9.63, I got soup, salad, vegetables tempura, 6 avocado rolls, steamed rice, and pickles.  It was a ton of food and more than filling enough - I didn't even eat the salad and I was stuffed.  I will agree that the wasabi was pretty weak - I added tons of it and it added almost no spice or flavor.  Even though it was a bit pricier than I was expecting (my menu was outdated and said the lunch would be $6.95.  Oops.), it was also very filling and worth it for a once-in-a-while treat.
4	Freshly prepaired, made to order sushi. More variety than you can shake a stick at!
3	Sushi selection limited...  Miso soup tasted a little fishy.
2	sushi was dry and unenjoyable. the place itself is clean and the decor was minimal.  I was not a fan and probably won't be back.
4	Just moved to the area, so I was looking for a good sushi place. This is a nice little joint.  It's very intimate, but they would have no problem seating a large party.  When my BF and i arrived we were the only ppl there (it was memorial day, so sushi isn't too high up ppls lists for dinner)  We ordered the spicy Edamame and 4 rolls.  Everything was reasonably priced, and very good.  Staff was friendly!Will definitely be back!
3	They delivered to us recently, and I wasn't ecstatic over the Shrimp Fantasy I had. The sushi was decent. Most of everything else was bland and average. I don't know if eating at the restaurant would have made a difference or not. The delivery did come on time, though. Nothing special in my book.
3	I had lunch here this past week and got the sushi lunch special. I was surprised to see that there were only two other tables. The restaurant was dark and provided little in the way of ambiance. For $10, the sushi lunch special included salad, miso soup, 5 pieces of sushi along with a salmon roll and green tea. As far as how much you got for the money, it was a good deal.  On the negative side, the sushi was quite average, both in terms of taste and freshness.  Little Tokyo, which is located on Washington Rd. in Mt Lebanon (about 5 minutes away) has higher quality sushi, although it's a little bit pricier. If you are looking for good sushi, it's worth the extra five minute drive.
1	This was my second visit and alas, my last. Our first visit was at lunch and it was just OK. We weren't blown away nor were we impressed. But I will always opt to support a local Mom & Pop shop if all things are equal. This last visit was the pits.It was 5:30pm on a Saturday night. We were one of two tables. This is usually an indication of something fishy (excuse the pun.) Appetizer was edamame. It was overcooked and left uneaten. I am not the adventurous sushi order-er; I had California rolls and spicy tuna. The tuna rolls were mostly spicy sauce then fish, very mayonnaise-y and unsatisfying. As for my CA rolls, the avocado was all brown! Not just the parts on the top (because I checked!) all the way through. When I brought it to the staff's attention her response was "Oh, yea. Avocado is like banana. They get brown very easily and we cut that yesterday." WHAT?!? They did bring me another batch (that was part brown, part green) but it was too late. This was my first sushi restaurant EVER that we left half the rolls on the plate uneaten. Since we were all still hungry, my daughter picked up the table tent listing all the desserts. Yuck! Filthy. Not wiped down in a long while or perhaps ever. When I set it back is when I noticed the wall also needed a good wipe down. Needless to say, we skipped dessert. Our first visit deserved a 2.5 but this visit was a 1.
5	I am a huge fan of Sushi Three. They live within walking distance of my home, so it's no problem getting here and the temptation for sushi is always in the back of my mind! Admittedly, the price of the food here tends to keep my cravings in check for a couple months at a time, but when I do come here, I enjoy every bite. Occasionally I also order take-out since they have very reasonable lunch deals, but really, I prefer to sit and eat at the restaurant itself.Speaking of: the place itself is very quiet, which I actually like; I can just sit, talk with a friend or read a book, and then (what a radical concept) enjoy my food in peace. This is a big deal for me because the other places I know of where I can get sushi are loud, busy, and quite frankly, a little limiting options-wise compared to Sushi Three's menu. If I want sushi, I either come here or I get a small pack at Giant Eagle. That's how much I hate the other sushi places I've visited in Pittsburgh. If I'm going to pay as much as I do for my fish, I want to be in a place I can sit and actually enjoy my food.By the way, Sushi Three does serve things other than sushi, so people looking for some Japanese food that isn't rice and fish are definitely going to find something. There's some really delicious beef, chicken and pork dishes. But of course, a place with the word "sushi" in its name is going to specialize in sushi, and there are pages and pages of sushi options available here. The orders come in various styles and sizes as well, so couples can get something to share or just get something smaller for themselves. The combos all come with soup and salad, which are also very yummy.I at this point have developed a routine order: a large salad and an order of softshell crab rolls are all I need here. Sure, I'll occasionally snag a bite from someone here with me, but the truth is that Sushi Three makes such enormous orders that I can't eat more than that without feeling a bit sick. But hey, at least you get your money's worth! I say definitely give this place a shot if you're a sushi fan.
5	Great little neighborhood place. Food is good, service is great.  Try the tofu salad appetizer.
5	I go there as a tradition with my best friend when she comes home and it's one of my favorite places. The resteraunt is quiet and low lit so it's very relaxing. Service is quick and friendly. The lunch specials are amazing deals and there's enough variety there that I never get bored with the choices. Their tempura is the best i've ever had, and the rest of their food is just as amazing. Their ginger dressing makes me want to drink it straight. Even thinking about it has set me drooling!
5	Delicious sushi! Watched it be prepared in front of us and the entire place is super clean. Friendly staff. Highly recommend stopping here!
4	Had lunch with my wife. The quality of the sushi was quite good. My wife had some tempura that was fabulous. Service was friendly and quick. We really enjoyed our lunch. We will be back.
5	This place has restored my faith in delivery sushi. For the longest time I could only eat it fresh (not delivery), but this is the second place ever I've found that I thoroughly enjoyed the sashimi appetizer, takosu, flower roll, and a spicy tuna roll with no asparagus. Of the two places ever, this is my new number one. The spicy tuna roll and and sashimi app were my favorites! The hubby got yellowtail fish jowl, and fried rice... Also very good. Delivery was on point and even the call to put in the order was smooth and easy.
