5	This little kitchen store is hidden behind Chinatown but worth a visit to check out all the cool kitchen tools and gadgets they carry. The owner is very nice and if there's something you're looking for that they don't have, they can order it for you. Just ask for one of their many catalogs. They are also a dealer for Blendtec blenders which is what brought me here in the first place, thanks to Duke Tony T. Looking forward to many more visits here, especially on the nights when they have product demonstrations
4	Fabulous place to stop for kitchen gadgets that are both functional and visually appealing- most products are cute and serve an important kitchen role, though arguably the majority of goods here aren't "needed" in your kitchen. They're fun though, and who doesn't like making cooking fun?!Kitchenova is a great place for gifts, whether you need to attend a housewarming or just want to buy yourself something that will be fun to use in your culinary adventures. You'll find several options for popsicle makers, tons of wine accessories, and a lot of entertainment pieces. Favorite items here include the various novelty ice cube molds, gourmet tea selection and loose-leaf holders, and of course the BlendTec blenders- anyone got a spare iPone handy?!Bonus points for being able to order in items from various companies. Kitchenova staff are friendly, helpful, and passionate about kitchenware. Grand Opening had several product demos, and space is clean, modern, and welcoming. I only wish I had more kitchen cabinets for all of the non-essential but awesome tools and toys that caught my eye here.
5	Just spent $100 at this amazing store. Prepare to have at least an hour to shop in here. I found things I've never dreamed of.  Awesome place to find gift to anyone.  Friendly people, easy parking, reasonable price.  It'll blow your mind!
5	Innovative kitchen tools, extensive selection of awesome kitchen gadgets, nice store to buy a gift nobody else have, I recommend it 100%.
5	Kitchen demo tomorrow from 5-7pm! Free wine blind tasting, food, and a great time! Awesome!
5	A smart, attractively organized store full of interesting cooking gadgets and basics. Lots of stuff I've never seen before. Bought some taco holders, a pot strainer and silicone egg mcmuffin egg-shapers.Very reasonable pricing which you wouldn't expect from a one-off independent kitchen store. And plenty of parking, which is nice for popping in and out, and during holiday shopping madness.All of the inventory is hand-picked, and it is certainly nice to see it and buy it in person - and save on shipping on that gotta-have-it $10 gadget.
