5	This is my 100th review, so I thought I'd make sure it counted!  St. Vincent de Paul is a great charity thrift store.When our Saturday plans of yard sale shopping were thwarted by the rain (I am still in Arizona, right?) we decided to hit up some thrift and antique stores and stay dry.I've lived near this SVDP for years, but have somehow never made it inside.  We wandered in and I was immediately impressed.  For a small space, they have managed to get a lot of quality items in.  They are also better organized than most thrift stores - even the books (and this was a BIG selection) are sorted so it's easy to browse.Then I saw it.....a 1950's Kenmore sewing machine - the kind build into a desk....  It was pure beauty.  When I asked if it worked, the staff brought out an extension cord and let me fire it up.  While listening to the gentle purr of the machinery I fell in love.  This was a great sewing machine, and it was clearly well used and well loved - it even had feet and attachments I'd never seen before.  I had no problem with the sticker price of $65, but then the staff informed me that it was 50% off that day!  So I got an even more amazing deal.  They were great about marking it as sold so that I could come back and pick it up later.  I know not everyone will find a deal like that, but as far as thrift stores go, I couldn't have had a better experience.
3	I stop in this store every time I'm in town and always find something.  Two trips ago I got a brand new set of Christmas hand towels, the kind you see for about $14.99/set in the department stores.  They were selling the pieces separately for about 75 cents each.  The next time I got some sample books of fabric scraps that I used for crafts.  Thsi time I got a pretty lavender wine glass and a tiny bread pan like my mother used to make me my own little loaf of bread in when she would bake some.  You just never know what you'll find so it's worth popping in once in awhile when you're in the vicinity.
5	Wow this little thrift store is real cool. They have tons of furniture. Nothing that I really wanted or needed but is definatly a palce I need to keep checking in to see new stuff.
4	-Located in the corner of a strip mall...NOTE: BEWARE of a thousand car-ruining speed bumps throughout the strip mall parking lot....it was like driving over a curb every few feet!-Sometimes, I find $5 furniture here. Other times I find junky overpriced furniture that should just be tossed into the landfill or furniture chipper.-Prices are pretty reasonable.-A decent balance of used clothing, books, and other used, unwanted stuff.-Staff is pretty friendly.
3	As a creater of homelessness I realize the human cost. This location has good books.
4	This is a little hidden gem of a thrift store, tucked away in an almost empty strip mall next to the PGA superstore. This is a great place to find books, as they have a pretty good section of books, and vintage books. If you like to collect and perhaps, cook with old vintage cookbooks, this is the place to look. That fish gelatin recipe has to come from somewhere.Some items in their condition can be a hit or miss, but you can really find some nice things here for a great price that you would not at Goodwill. They have a really great selection on furniture if you are looking for living room furniture. I know how hard these items are to find at thrift stores. The employees are pretty friendly as well.
