4	So much crafting, so little time.Good prices on home decor things, lots of items to complete scrap booking and artsy projects. Sometimes they have great sales, sometimes if an item is not on sale, its over priced.
5	Love love love Hobby Lobby! That have tons of arts, crafts, home decor, fabric and basically anything else you would need to make your house feel like a home -- and it's WAY cheaper than Michael's or Joann's.
5	Good store, and its very large! Looks not so good on the inside but it is actually really nice on the inside! The Christmas section is huge and all Christmas stuff is on clearance which is good! Only came here because I was around the area, super clean and nice employees!
5	I use to shop at Michaels....and then I found Hobby Lobby.  They are like day and night.  I always feel welcomed when I come into this store.  The staff is friendly and they go out of their way to help you.  The place is very clean and well organized.  I can't say enough good things about this store.  Why would anyone shop at Michaels again?
3	This location is a decent size and has the normal offerings of this type of store. There are a ton of pre-made decorations for every season and they do a great job of providing plenty of options for just about any taste. The craft area is well organized and clean, but I find that they can be higher priced than other store options.  They do have a good app that offer coupons and other discounts, so that's a decent offset, if you are looking to purchase a single item for a cheaper cost.  Several areas throughout this particular location were overstocked with items, while other shelves were missing items altogether.  Not sure if they were in the middle of redoing things in various areas.Overall:Parking isn't bad.  The location is close to other shops on Bell.  Options for decor are great.
5	I absolutely love this place, it's incredibly large and I could get lost in here for hours. I even think that it's more affordable here then it is at Michael's, you just have to make sure you use the coupons offered online and in store, and the selection is greater. Being that I'm a cocktail waitress who has to get creative with outfits during certain holidays, I've found myself here buying party supplies, tulle for homemade tutus and hair accessories. Everyone that works here is really friendly and willing to help you find what you need and get creative in the process. Definitely going here over any fabric store or hobby shop again.
1	Terrible customer service!  They post signs in the isles and above a product that is not on sale.  It happened to me yesterday and when I questioned it to the cashier, she looked up something and said that what I purchased was not on sale.  When I asked her if I can show her the sign that was right above the product she quickly brushed me off and said I can't leave the register.  Not,  let me get someone to check it out.  I finally asked if she could call a manager.  While we were waiting, the line was getting long.  Cashier had no interest in the long line but I did.  I suggested that she check me out with the other items I purchased so the customers behind me can also get checked out.  Had I not suggested that she would have just waited with very little interest  about the other customers.  Finally, a manager came over and I asked if she would walk back with me to see the sign that was DIRECTLY above the product I was purchasing.  The look on her face was a good indication that she had been down that road before but she did follow me back.  Only to show me the small lettering in the upper left corner that showed the product name that was on sale.  When I asked where that product would be we walked approximately 6 steps over to see what was on sale.  This is not good practice.  Show the sign where the product is.  I'm all about giving good reviews where deserved but when I checked out other reviews and they had the same frustration as I did, I felt it necessary to comment.  It's a shame that this store is so close to my home but I will not shop there again.  Understand something Hobby Lobby, we are the customers that keep you in business!!
