3	I was sent here to get x-rays done when I was in a car accident.  Nothing got screwed up, so I was happy with the job they did.  The guy that did my x-rays was pleasant to chat with while he worked.
5	Everyone was very nice here. Quick to help and on time with appointments; no waiting here very organized. I was alone and on crutches they brought the paper work to me and my CD of x- rays when finished. In and out in less then  1 hour.Pay cash and get deep discount!
4	Been here twice in a week , once for an ankle x-ray and the other time for an MRI  on same ankle. Both times  staff was very friendly , cheerful and professional. Wait times was not so bad,  both times about an hour and I was done.  This is one 4 star business I hope I never have to visit again.
5	I haven't been to a medical office that is this organized and friendly in a long time!  Everyone was very helpful and answered all my questions without ever acting annoyed.  Chad was my radiologist  tech for the x-rays.  He made me feel comfortable and made sure I was doing alright through the whole process.  He even checked on price & insurance questions that I had when it wasn't even his job to do.  Very nice guy.  I just called and talked to Genesis.  Great professional & friendly phone etiquette.  Didn't have to wait and listen to a recording, you get a live human being the minute you call.  They told me I can pick up my records and they will also have a CD of my x-rays made.  Couldn't ask for better service, especially when it comes to my health.
5	Comes a time in every woman's life she needs to take care of her breasts! You must start the yearly screening thing to ensure peace of mind and comply with the recommended well woman visit. And this is where I find myself today. It's my day! I have been here a few times now and every time have been greeted by friendly staff, had limited waiting and even got to be reassured by the big boss when I had a little scare back aways. Dr. Boren came in and reviewed things personally which made me feel really better. I feel their customer service is excellent and recommend this place over all in the valley.
4	The staff at West Valley Imaging are professional, accomodating and kind. I have seen them change the channel  for a patient as well as raise the volume for his advanced age. They have treated me well the few times I have been there. Most recently I went in for an MRI. My first. I was not really nervous about it but if I had been, I would have been calmed by the technician who spoke smooth, soft and gentel. It was almost irritating how kind he was. Especially when I asked him to pull me out twice. Once because I got dizzy. Once because I had to cough. The whole time he remained calm and understanding. I don't much like getting medical tests done but if I have to get any imaging done, I choose West Valley Imaging.
3	everyone is super nice here. wait is never too long. two gripes.1.) had commercials for e-cigarettes on the tv.2.) they never seem to send my x-rays or mri scans when they say they will to my doctors...
4	I made an appointment at WV Imaging for my first ever mammogram. I wasn't super excited about going, but I am a lady who is nearing 40 so I decided to get the "first time" experience over with. Making an appointment and checking to see if WV accepted my insurance was easy with one quick phone call. The exam itself was rather awkward and uncomfortable, but not painful. I was very thankful for my technician who was informative about the process, she was patient when I asked questions. She really tried to make me feel at ease the best she could. We even shared a few jokes during the procedure but she was remained professional the entire time. My only gripe was that I didn't get to speak to a doctor about my results. The technician said that she showed my images to the doctor and he signed a paper saying my results were clean. WV does forward the images to the doctor of your choice so I guess I can ask my primary doctor the next time I see her.See you next year West Valley Imaging!
5	Great experience for a less than awesome thing to do.  Everyone was very kind and helpful.  They helped me take care of an insurance problem and even got my Doctor on the phone. I definitely recommend West Valley Imaging!
1	Drink this. Turn to the left. Swallow. Get out.The visit was extremely rushed. Nobody made any attempt to answer questions about the procedure or what was going on. Or why I was getting tests done in the first place. They just rushed through the entire thing. I felt like nothing but a piece of meat.The whole experience made what should have been a routine visit for a simple procedure into an utter nightmare.The front desk couldn't explain what was needed for the procedure without asking specific questions. They got downright angry when I asked for the address."It's on Rainbow" is a pretty lousy answer. Rainbow is a long road.Equipment looked like it hadn't been sanitized since the late 80s. I'm pretty sure an X-ray machine shouldn't be covered with the yellow crust like the bottom of a toilet seat.
1	I had an appointment, a STAT appointment, made yesterday. The guy on the phone told me NO prep was required. I even ASKED do I need to fast, nope. So, I was confused about the timing, and called back. Which is when I asked again and was told YES, nothing after 7 AM. Well, crap but good I checked. She said "He's new, he didn't know". Really? Cut to today, they called to say that the Dr who wrote the order isn't in my network, so they cant do the test til they get it approved. I asked if that would be today, and he said maybe. I said I've been starving and thirsty, so I really would like it, plus I don't want to drop dead, which the doctor said could indeed happen, :(. He said "Oh, you didn't need to fast. You only have to fast for four hours!". I explained that I was pissed. He apologized. Yeah. So, here I sit, still starving, thirsty, in pain, with even more pain than before, and no call backs.  I REALLY hope next time I get a choice of where to go. It will NOT be here.TEST! Damn, people! I argued, they finally agreed that I wasn't but seriously?? This place is a hazard! Run, my crazy little friends, somewhere else.  The guys doing the test were nice, maybe a sense of humor would help them, but nice doesn't cut it when you stabbing me with needles and injecting me with Nuclear crap!
4	Staff is very respectful and the place is quiet. Been going here from referrals from UNLV whenever needed. Wait times can become long, but what can you expect? They do walk-ins, and all my visits have been for an x-Ray. Zach, the technologist does his job very well and they even give your images back on a disc in a hurry.
5	Very professional. I had first appt of the day so I could make it to work on time. They got me in and out on schedule. I returned later to pick up copies of scans for the doctor and again I received polite professional timely service b
5	SAVE THE TATAS - Review for Mammograms OnlyOctober is National Breast Cancer Awareness month and I recently became aware at my annual physical that I hadn't had a mammogram in two years:  perfect timing.  I've been to West Valley Imaging for that uncomfortable but recommended exam before and both visits were quick and as relatively painless as can be when you're a female getting your tatas squished by a machine.  It helps that I schedule the first appointment available in the morning, which is 8:00am.  Arrive at 7:30am, fill out the requisite paperwork, get dressed in one of those exam gowns ("opening in the front") and be in an exam room by 8:00am.  The lady mammographers are very friendly and make a point to ensure that you're as comfortable as can be in this situation.  In total, there were four different films taken with lots of, "Turn towards me. Now raise your arm over here.  Face the machine this way.  Relax your shoulder," instructions from the technician.  It really doesn't take that long and the radiologist reads the films in a few minutes.  I was dressed and done with my whole appointment by 8:20am.  I have friends who are breast cancer survivors and have lost one to the disease.  Breast cancer affects 1 in 8 women in their lifetime.  Mammograms aren't fun, they're not comfortable, but they could save your life.  If you have a choice to come to WVI, I recommend them.
1	There billing department is very unprofessional and unorganized. You should have someone respectful on the phone. Getting loud and getting smart and rude is NOT ok to do to your customers. The lady's name is Stephanie and was EXTREMELY RUDE! Do not go here ever to this place POOR customer service!
