1	The orange chicken was pretty good but the lo mein was so bad I can only give it one star. The pork actually smelled 'old'. I won't go back there!
3	I have ordered from Lotus before and wasn't too impressed, this was many moons ago.  My parents were here and mama wanted chicken wings, so my go to carry out Chinese doesn't have chicken wings. Lotus does.  I figured what the heck, does every meal have to meet all my requirements?We ordered wings, house fried rice, spring rolls and I told him I wanted non breaded chicken with veggies, spicy.  Everything was fine, Americanized Chinese food in a timely manner and inexpensive, fed three with leftovers for $23.  Not too shabby for a night in with the 'rents, wine & DVR.
5	I ordered delivery this evening and I must say that I was pleasantly surprised at the level of customer service on the phone and at my door. I usually get my Chinese take out from best wok 2 and they pale in comparison to lotus 2. I ordered the exact same things that I usually order from best wok and everything tasted better and was of better quality and was even a little less expensive. I am so happy that I've found a new Chinese take out. And they deliver! Of course its not P.F. Changs. But its well worth what you pay.
5	As far as fast-food takeout Chinese, I think they are the best in South Charlotte.  Always consistent, always spectacular service & always delicious food; my family eats here at least once a week.  My son devours the Sesame Chicken lunch.  The portion size is a little large for a 5 year old, but that's good because he can make two or three meals out of it.  He prefers their Lo Mein to the fried rice, but that is just his choice.  My parents love the Cashew Chicken and Sacha (?) Chicken.  They always get a double order of fried rice because they love the rice.  I usually change up my order based on what I'm craving.  The tofu & veggies is awesome, as is the beef & onions.  I LOVE their crab rangoons & wonton soup.  In fact, I'm going to order that today!  Oh!  And their egg rolls are great.  I highly recommend them.  And Cindy, who works the phones is awesome!  But even if you want to dine in, its nothing fancy but it is clean & plesent.
1	So I have ordered from them many times over the years and got the food quickly; food was so so, but it was quick and cheap. Well scratch the quick now. Apparently they have become quite busy, but haven't bothered hiring more people to compensate for that. Ordered good for delivery and was told after the order that it would be an hour and 10 minutes. An hour and 20 minutes later and we still had no food...I called and was told that I should have been told it would be an hour and 20 minutes (as if an hour and 10 were not bad enough)...They assured me it was on the way. One hour and forty-five minutes after ordering we had our food. As usual it was mediocre at best. The apology was $5 off after I asked them what they could do and told them I was going to cancel the order. I will not be calling them again...it takes me 5 minutes to go pick up my own take out from several much better restaurants around me.
3	I am new in town on temporary work assignment from ATL and I got delivery from here the other weeknight. I ordered the shrimp fried rice and the shrimp mei fun with a couple of vegetable spring rolls.  The shrimp fried rice was a little gooey, but nice taste and quality, just a texture thing.  The mei fun was not as light as I've had elsewhere and they used spaghetti noodles instead of angel hair rice noodles like I'm used to.  This made the texture with the sauce a little heavy and overbearing.  The taste and quality were pretty good though.  The veg. spring rolls were the same as you've had anywhere, i.e. crunchy deep fried with veggie nougat interior.  The guy on the phone told me 45-50 minutes for delivery and they were here in about 25 min. so that was a big plus.  I will order from here again.  It did not blow me away, even for carton take-out, but it was suitable for my fix.
3	I was afraid of ordering from this place for no good reason....but now this is our go-to takeout Chinese place when we're feeling lazy.  I always order the steamed dumplings (kids love them) and the Delight of Three dish, which is also steamed and very healthy.  Their szechuan shrimp dish is tasty as well.  Would not recommend the teriyaki chicken app or hot and sour soup.  Love that they deliver, and their delivery time is good - not quite the Jimmy John's, where they're ringing the doorbell when you hang up the phone, but still timely!
3	Good value Chinese food. Baoding is much higher quality but the price point and convenience is hard to beat at Lotus II.
3	Not good. Sanitation score 90. The whole place, which is not very big since it's all takeout smells of a strong grease smell...it was bad enough I walked outside and went into the cvs next door to wait for my food.I ordered shrimp mei fun...ridiculous. The portion was super small, and I paid $8 for this? They only filled up my Chinese takeout box half way! Most places use plastic containers instead of the paper Chinese fold up box for mei fun...i echo the comment made by a previous reviewer on here, they just drench the mei fun in soy sauce, which was not how it's supposed to be cooked. I've had better shrimp mei fun at Winston-Salem than here, now this is sad because Winston is supposed to be much worse with Chinese food options.The only reason why this place is not  2 stars is because the two high schoolers the owner hired were quite courteous and nice. I prefer them much more than typical Chinese relatives who run the counter but speaks broken English. The girl up front who took my order was wearing a revealing top with her belly showing, this is probably why your sanitation score is so low, lotus. The owner, who cooks all of the orders was asking the girl if the water on the counter was his own??!! Oh my, I sure hope you are more organized with customer's orders....Stay far away unless your have no taste bud and don't mind being scammed on portion and ingredients. Do yourself a favor and drive down to the end of Carmel rd. and go to Taipei south on Johnston rd. even cheaper but much better quality food.
4	I order from this place consistently and it is always hot, fast, and delicious.  I am a picky Chinese food eater too.  The portions are huge and you can substitute beef fried rice for your regular rice side!  Great egg rolls which says a lot from the get go.  If you can't make a good egg roll, well, you probably cant make good Chinese food.
3	Recently moving to the area, with dishes/flatware still in boxes and only water in the fridge, I needed dinner that didn't come in a bag or have Mc anywhere in the name, from a place that didn't require me to change out of the night night pants and tshirt that I had been wearing while putting in (f&^$%&$) shelf paper.  My realtor had previously mentioned Lotus and said they were pretty good Chinese takeout (they also deliver within a 5 mile radius).  Perfect.While the 90.5 health rating didn't exactly make me giddy, it was 7:30 and I was starving, so I plodded along.  Located in a small strip center with a Harris Teeter, CVS, Great Clips and a Hawthorne's pizza, parking was plentiful and well lit.The young lady working the counter was friendly and helpful.  This appears to be mostly a takeout/delivery operation as there are only a handful of tables for seating.  My order of a veggie lo mein combo for $8.95 (with egg roll and fried rice - that's right, noodles AND rice - carb coma) was done in the time allotted, allowing me to run over to the HT for some Diet Coke and Lance crackers.It was standard Chinese takeout veggie lo mein, just like every other takeout veggie lo mein that I have ever had.  Everything was smoking hot, even after my 5 minute trek back home.  The egg roll wasn't a greasy mess (yay!) and was tasty enough after a liberal dousing with the sweet & sour sauce.  The rice was a bit dry for my taste and for every piece that I got in my mouth, two pieces went down my shirt, but it was fine.  They won't be winning any awards or getting Michelin stars, but it was perfectly average Chinese takeout for when you get the craving.  Bonus points for hot food, friendly service, lots of choices, fair prices and delivery.
4	I like the Chinese food at lotus. Everyone there is so kind. The sesame chicken is amazing also the lo mein too
1	I dunno if I just get bad luck but I'll never order from this place again. I keep giving it a chance but this was the last straw. Twice I have ordered from here and found metal from scrub pads in the lo  mein noodles. I luckily did not ingest it which would have possibly torn up my intestines. When I brought the metal in and showed them they offered to rebook another order. I don't think anyone really understood the seriousness of this. I told them it was the premise of it. That is a hazard not someone complaining about the tastiness. I got a call saying they would give me a $10 credit if I came back. To be honest I was offended and just shook my head. So I though 4 months later since this place is literally right around the corner I'd give it a try. This time honestly it just tasted aweful. It tasted like everything was cooked in a pan with something that was burned before. I am not being picky here it literally tasted like I was sacking on a charcoal briquet. I'm pretty much done with this place and question the quality of food ordered and hygiene practices. Chinese restaurant are notorious for bad sanitation scores and this place is clearly pushing it. For your own health as far as eating metal stay as far from this place as you can. I'd rather get frozen Chinese from grocery store and microwave and it would be better.
2	What happened lotus cuisine? You used to be OK but now you just don't care anymore. The last 3 dishes I've ordered from you tasted awful and the local me in in particular had as much flavor and eye appeal as a cup of water. You no longer deserve my business.
