4	I've always considered myself a bit of a dive bar aficionado.  I love the complete and total lack of pretension that comes with them.  They exist for one reason and one reason only.  To get you fucked up.  That's why I was so pleased to find this little gem just stumbling distance from my house.  Emphasis on the word "find" because you would never notice this place if you weren't specifically looking for it.  It's a tiny little hole in the wall sandwiched between a scuba school and some little collectible shop that doesn't look like it's been opened since Nixon was in office.  You have to park around the back.  When you walk in there's a bar a few tables, a pool table, a jukebox and that's it.  They don't a have a shit ton of TV's broadcasting every sporting event this side of hell. They don't serve food. They serve drinks and that is it.  As it should be!  They pour em strong and they pour em cheap.  It's not a place you go to to pick up chicks.  They cater to professional drunks who have no illusions about why they're there.  That's what a good dive bar should do and they do it well.  I look forward to many a night spent in it's dingy throes.  They take cards but there is a $10 minimum.  Hope to see you there!
4	"Great Escape Lounge the"? Seriously? Whoever addresses my junk mail must be posting business listings to Yelp now. Questionable grammar aside, this place in a word, rocks. I want to lick the crusty underbody of its cracked, upholstered stools and have its dive bar babies. I'll wean those tough as nails tykes on a whiskey nipple and have them hustling gullible pool players by the age of six. Yeah, that's right. You just got beat by a baby that sound like a chain smoking grannie, bitch.Picture that visual. It isn't pretty. Neither is The Great Escape. Hell you've probably driven by it half a dozen times and never even noticed it. Maybe your cocktail radar needs some fine tuning. I know all it takes is the illusion that booze can be had for me to veer left into a parking lot and saunter up to the bar, primal "beer good" sense a-tingling. I realize I haven't told you jack about the place yet, but the faded stucco, dated sign and busted up jalopy in the parking lot should tell you all you need to know. This kind of ambiance can only be achieved through years of hard living in the fast lane and a general air of neglect. Play pool. Fire up the jukebox. Make an ass of yourself and do the chicken dance. Whatever gets your freaky rocks off. Just don't spill my drink.Bring cash. Or be prepared to pound three drinks to meet their ten dollar requirement for opening a tab. Ten dollars for two beers and shot. What the eff are you still doing reading this!? It's Friday afternoon. Get off your ass and go check out a little dive square at the corner of Awesome Avenue and Rock Your Face Off Boulevard.Yeah I might be a little drunk writing this review but do you want the triple distilled Erica, or do you want the burning raw power that only some backwoods firewater to the bloodstream can provide? I think we all know the answer to that one. All you have to do is be brave enough to turn to the bartender and say, slap me fast and rotten with the hoppiest stank you got. And make it a double. Ugh, get some.
4	This place doesn't even unlock their front door, that is how awesome they are.  It doesn't even have a freaking name according to the average passerby, because I'm pretty sure a neon sign that says "Cocktails" is all the "Branding" they need.It's the size of a living room and reminds me of my grandparents basement, with at least twice as many drunk senior citizens. Their prices are straight out of 1986. They have a freaking pinball machine. Their jukebox makes my drunken ass scream "OhmygodthisismyFFAAAAVVVVOOORRRITTTEEsong" like 12 times a night. They have pool, darts, and Megatouch. It's like I died and went to drunk amusement heaven.You know what else they have? Booze. And Beer. And more booze, and more beer, and lots of people who dig drinking lots of booze and beer and don't give a shit about seeing or being seen.  They only thing people go to Great Escape to see is the bottom of a rocks glass, and you won't even see that very often because the bartenders are on top of their shit every single time I've been.If they got shuffle board, I would bump them up to 5 stars. Until then, I still love them for everything they aren't.
2	I am new to the area and I wanted a dive bar night. I hit Yelp up to help me find a few places, this was one of them. I had chose 3 from yelp to go to in one night and this was my second stop. It is not as divey as the previous reviews in my opinion. It is clean, well lit, and the furniture is in good condition. These qualities are opposite of a dive bar. It seemed to me that the customers were all regulars. there is one pool table in the center of the bar and a jukebox. Someone thought we would all enjoy three 311 songs in a row. Not so much. The beer specials are great. i don't think I will be returning, the stares from the regular customers made me uncomfortable and the only thing dive bar about it is the stinky bathroom.
1	The Great Escape is Closed.  Now, unfortunately, it's the Little Woody.  Another pretentious take over.
