4	This company is my go to when it is time to go to the airport!  Eric and his team is awesome no matter if it is day before or hoping on the plane to return home all I have to do is call and someone is there to get me back home!  These dudes rock!
1	They gave me the worst service I have ever gotten. I call up and ask for a pick up. I give the cross streets and that I'm going to an apartment. The guy asks me where to multiple times in an annoyed tone. So I say why do you need to know more? He responds for the cab drivers safety like I'm going to kill him or something. I then say a scottsdale apartment and he says that's all your going to tell me? I say do you need me to be more specific?  He says well we can't help you for a scottsdale apartment and refuses to send a cab, but I notice that this for scottsdale can company  so the reason isn't that I am too far away.  Wow what an asshole. This how you get people to pay you. I heard that they pay for excellent reviews which makes sense since they have 4.5/5 stars on Google yet they have no customer service
1	Terrible service and horrible costumer service! We booked online on their website several hours in advance for pickup in Scottsdale on Halloween night. Even got the confirmation email. At the scheduled time they didn't show up. I called their number and couldn't get any dispatcher on the phone. Instead it routes you to random drivers to act as an answering service. The driver (which wasn't our driver) was fairly unprofessional and was clueless. I tried calling two more times (15 and 30 minutes later), and got different drivers who were even more unprofessional than the last. This led me to believe that they either 1) don't have a dispatch call center or 2) they decided to just close up shop that night and take the night off on Halloween. Fed up and an hour late for our party, I decided to call Discount Cab. They literally picked us up in 10 minutes and have pin point accuracy as to where the driver was and ETA. I soon discovered their new app (total transit), which acts just like the popular Uber app, offers a map with taxi locations from you, picture of the driver with licence plate, and option to pay via your smartphone. Anyways, Discount Cab showed me what a quality and reputable company should be. Scottsdale Cab was a total joke and  the worst experience in a cab company I've had in my life. Avoid them like ebola!
1	The most incredible rude person I have spoken to in a long time.Refused to listed to what I had to say regarding my ride, and gave me a fee of$15.00 for a two mile ride!When I questioned this, he stated that "there's a $12 minimum, if you bother lookingat our web site." I replied that I did not know that, and he yelled "So now you know"and hung up on me.When I called back and asked for the manager, he stated "I am the manager."I asked him (nicely) why he was so rude to me, he stated "I don't have time for this" and hung up on me again!DO NOT use this company.....unless you want the same level of respect I was shown.They DO NOT deserve your business.
5	When traveling last month to visit a friend (and running late), I called this cab company for an early morning ride to the airport. Wow!!, what a great surprise. The cab was clean, on time, and had on board Wi-Fi!  To make a good surprise even better, they have FREE Starbucks for all taxi rides to the airport!. I will definitely will be a repeat customer when I'm in town. Thanks!
5	I just used this company's service yesterday when traveling to and from the airport for a business trip and wanted to post how great of a service it was. They provided me with free coffee and upon entering the taxi the gentleman driving informed me that I was able to access the complementary WiFi that they offer in the car on my laptop if i wished. (So cool! and glad to see they offer this technology. Highly recommend these guys if you need a Taxi when visiting the area.
5	I was in Scottsdale recently visiting some friends and used this cab company. What a wonderful experience. I was offered free coffee and free wifi to use as well.  The driver was incredibly friendly and efficient at driving.  Great company and would happily use them again. Highly recommend!
5	This is one of the best car service/cab companies I have used thus far. I visited the area for business and was recommended this service by a friend. The car showed up on time for both trips and the agents were extremely kind and professional, as were the drivers. Looking forward to using them again soon!
5	I went to Arizona for a business trip and I was told to use Scottsdale cab company, I ordered them from the website to be picked up in the air port, I had a gentleman waiting for me with a sign and my name on it and a cart for my luggage. Very professional polite and knows his ways around town. He took me to the hotel and I ordered their service again to take me to my meeting. I can't be any happier with another service. Like I mentioned very professional, polite and last but not least their prices are very cheap comparing to services I use in California. Thanks Scott's dale cab company. You are going to be my ride every time I'm in Arizona and I'm going to mention it to all my friends hat might need cab service in Arizona. Keep up the good work. Much appreciated.
5	As a frequent traveler, I don't usually have positive things to say about cab companies.   When I got off the plane, my cab driver was there already, waiting, with a sign.  He was very nice and helped me with my bags.  As I had never been to Scottsdale before, I had a lot of questions about things to do in the area.  He knew all of the hotspots--and using his recommendations, I had a great time.  The prices were reasonable as well. I highly recommend this company!
5	I travel a lot for work and I must say that arriving at the airport is always a stress. Will my driver be there? If my driver is there will he know how to get to my destination? I can say that when I got to Scottsdale all of those fears were abated. My driver was there on time and it was very easy to find him. He helped me with my bags and was extremely polite. The ride was without incident and we got to my destination quickly. I booked my return trip to the airport as soon as I settled into my hotel. I now never need to worry whenever I travel to Scottsdale for work.
5	I live in Vegas and my business takes me to the Scottsdale/Phoenix area frequently. I usually drive there, but a couple weeks ago I flew and immediately feared I had made a mistake. I like having my car, and it's not exactly the easiest city to get around in!But these guys quickly became my saviors. I grabbed them at the airport, and the driver was perhaps the nicest one I've ever had anywhere (and I travel A LOT). He insisted on helping me with my bags, but not in a way that was begging for a tip, but rather because you get the feeling that's just how he is. The service and the conversation were outstanding.I needed to get around a few more times over the next few days, and on the strength of my first experience with them, I called them every time I needed a ride (I even got my airport buddy once more, and it was like we were practically friends by then). Each time I called, I was comforted by the fact I knew I was about to get excellent, efficient service. Highly recommended!
5	I went on a trip to visit some old friends that I haven't seen in a long time and I landed in P.S.H. airport and took a cab. The fare was typical and I thought nothing of it until my return trip back to the airport after I had called Scottsdale Cab Company to take me back. The route looked about the same and took about the same time but the fare was so much less to the point were I started to think the first cabby must have ripped me off. Well it turns out that SCC's fares are actually lower that it makes a noticeable difference, I have to say that was a pleasant surprised.
5	I'm originally from New York, so I'm used to speedy cab service. It is unlike me to write a review about a cab service because I take them so often, and usually the experience is quick and not worth writing about. I just got back from visiting my best friend in Tempe, and we used this company for a crazy evening outing. We chose the "black car services." I'm writing this review today because these guys gave us service that I have never experienced before. Our driver showed up on time, and called us a few minutes before his arrival to let us know that he'd be arriving. When we got in the car we were offered complimentary water and coffee (that complimentary water came in handy during the ride back home). They let us play our own music, and our driver was hilarious, yet professional. When we were ready to get picked up, he came right away and didn't make us wait for a lifetime, which I am very appreciative of. Besides the excellent service this company charges a decent price. When I come back to Arizona, I'll definitely be using this service. Thanks for getting us home safe!
1	Rudest dispatcher ever...maybe he was having a bad day. Had to cancel my order half way. Not going to use them again.UPDATE to review: I noticed that as soon as a 1 star review is posted (and there are several yelpers who got this rude treatment), there are a few 5 star ones that showed up. Look at the USERS who post those 5 star reviews - they have ZERO connections on yelp - and all they do is boost up reviews of these SUCKY companies. Yelp - please take note.
5	Today I had a nice experience with Scottsdale Cab Company. I went to meet one of my business partners in Arizona, but he cancelled the appointment in last minute. That's where I called one of my friends for assistance and he recommended Scottsdale Cab Company to me. They were helpful to me from the first moment that I contacted. The driver who came to assist me was nice and he treated me very well. He even helped me with the bags. I highly recommend Scottsdale Cab Company to anyone around Arizona!
5	Scottsdale Cab was awesome! I needed a ride from my hotel to the airport so I could get back to Portland, OR for a client meeting.I was met by a comfortable car (on time, too, which is pretty uncommon in my experience!), free coffee from Starbucks, and WiFi! Holy moly! Talk about treating a customer well!I got a ton of work done ON THE WAY to catch my plane ((brought my laptop) so I was prepared for my meeting before I even hit the airport. I slept the whole way home. Thanks, guys!! I'll be sure to hit you up again!
1	Saturday evening, my friend and I had taken a spontaneous cab ride that was already waiting outside of Grapevine in Old Town when the bars closed, and she claims she left them in there. Seeing that there are several cab companies in Scottsdale and neither of us remember the name of the company, naturally I've been calling around to cover my bases and Scottsdale Cab Company was one of the companies I regretfully contacted. I have never been affiliated with such poor customer service in my ENTIRE LIFE. He goes by the name John, claiming his ID number is #1260. When I first called in, I was polite and tried to explain the situation including how I was not certain if this was the cab company I took that night, but I wanted him to check the lost in found just in case. He immediately became defensive like I was accusing of him of something, and talked to me aggressively with a very condescending tone. He asked me if I remember what color the cab was, and I wasn't really sure; either green or yellow, hard to tell because it was dark. I told him it was a taxi van, and he rudely responds saying, (actually raising his voice at this point, interrupting me on a number of occasions) "How could you not remember the color of the cab?! If it was green it, it was discount." Also, when I told him how unprofessional and unacceptable it  was to treat a customer like that, he yells at me saying I'm not even a customer and that I had probably taken Discount Cab, just because I said the color could have been green. So let me get this straight, because you assume I've never done business with you guys, that all of the sudden makes me NOT a customer and gives you the right to treat me this way??? I could not even further the conversation at this point because I was in complete shock how DISRESPECTFUL this dispatcher was so I asked to speak to a manager and he said his manager was "out". He refused to check the lost and found, and his hostility over the phone made me so uncomfortable that I had to hangup and call back hoping to reach somebody else. The second representative I talked to was a woman, and I immediately (politely) asked to talk to their supervisor to notify them of the HORRIBLE experience I just had, and she hangs up on me! So I call a third time, and here is where it gets weird: The person on the phone (third person I talked to) claims that he was the manager but he had the most ridiculous hillbilly accent; makes me wonder if that was even the manager or maybe it was someone else impersonating them. When I told him how rude John was to me (if that is even his name), he responded, "Well that's not likely, but I will listen to the call because it is recorded." That's not likely?? So you're saying I'm making this up! He asks me what I want him to do to make this right..and I first said I would like him to check the lost and found and he did. In his ridiculous fake sounding hillbilly accent he tells me he doesn't see my keys but sees a key with a rabbits foot key chain and a key with a smiley face key chain. How shady does that sound? But there is NOTHING I could possibly want from this cab company including future services. Talking to "three" separate people that obviously act like white trash and have zero class, not to mention horrible customer service skills...I would not trust to be alone in a cab with a person like that or with a friend for that matter. If you are smart, DO NOT do business with these people! They are SCUMBAGS and not to be trusted!
5	I have a ton of friends in Phoenix and we love to go out. Phoenix is not one place where you want to drink and drive. So last time I was here a friend of mine called up Scottsdale Cab Company after a night out and it was such a nice experience for a cab ride. Just got back in town again and just finished my second ride with them..my driver was so cool and it such a good vide for a cab ride, I had to leave a review! Super nice clean cars, really cool drivers, great customer service when calling and they arrive promptly.  Full five star cab company in my book!
