2	Food was just okay, no employees were monitoring the games or rides, kids were climbing on and spinning on a ride that was broken and a teenage girl ran into my 4 yr old while running around in a circle to spin the broken ride, by this time I was extrememly angry and dragged a manager out to tape it up with caution signs, we will not go back.
4	This location is the same like all the others.  Ordering station, tables, games section, and prizes.  Some kids I use to babysit are all teenagers now, they wanted to re-live their PPP days.  We met up there to catch up!  It was easy to find, huge parking lot, the place was not packed to the gills with kiddie birthday parties (sat afternoon), and it was clean!  The pizza tasted better than I remembered.  The wings were ok.  They had a great everyday deals on the menu.  We got the 2 large & 20 wings.  I had a great time getting caught with everyone's lifes and sharing memories.
5	This location has an excellant manager, Janet. I was blown away by the service I recieved because a) it was a special order and b) it was to be picked up 2.5 hours BEFORE they were open. She and her staff were already in perfect uniform and  in high spirits. She had a happy smile on, and was so cheerful! I will go here more often with my son, even though I wish they had the gates like Chuck E Cheese. She made me think that if she is in such a genuinely good mood, her staff is probably top notch. A good work environment makes it easier to do you job well. I look forward to going back!
4	This place is great especially for children's parties. We went there for my granddaughter's 4th birthday and a party of 10. Large, clean and well lit parking area, entrance has several wide glass doors, ordering and pick up areas easy and well defined with plenty of proficient staff, cooking area appeared clean and efficient, dining area was always kept clean and condiment tables always kept fully stocked. Lots of well maintained arcade type games as well as some rides. You can trade in your winning ticket stubs for some nice prizes at the toy store. Some TVs scattered through out the dining area. You place your order and you receive a beeper to notify you when your pizza is ready. If you have numerous pizzas for a large party the friendly staff will assist you with no hesitation. We all had a good time and the pizzas and wings were good too! BTW you can reserve a table and order in advance if you would like.  Just walk in and the party is on! I feel like I am doing a paid promotion for Peter Piper Pizza but I am not...this actually happened yesterday @ 6:00 pm.! Thanks Peter Piper!
3	Was at Peter Piper Pizza for my oldest grandson's 4th birthday, it was a sat afternoon and you can tell this place makes it dough from doing kids birthday parties.  There were enough games to entertain the little ones, my other grandson was a little moody and wanted all the tickets, so my son and I played some games to get him more tickets, and when it came to redeeming them my son was trying to tell him what he could get, but he was dead set on having this off road bike toy which was out of his ticket range, the guy behind the booth just told my grandson that he had enough tickets and the bike is his, that guy just made my lil ones day! This is definitely a place for kids, this isn't fancy pizza,   but the staff is friendly and helpful and the kids had a blast, and isn't that what it's all about? The kids?
1	Worst service ever.  Tried to pick up our order that we phoned in.  Waited in the carry out line and cashier kept taking other people's orders that were eating in.  After 5 minutes we cut in and asked if we were in the right line,  as we were being ignored. She said she would be right with us.  She proceeded to ring the next 3 people up in line when I asked again if we could be helped.  She called someone to the front who proceeded to take new orders.  5 more minutes passed and I flag down another employee working behind the counter to let them know of the service and to cancel our order that has been sitting on top of the oven for the past 15 minutes.  The only thing given was a quick I'm sorry.  There are a lot of pizza places in town.  I just ordered from Dominos.  Should have done that in the first place.
3	They have an all you can eat pizza lunch for around $6 dollars. There are several different pizzas you can choose from and a desert pizza to end your meal. This is not the reason we go. The pizza is OK but many places make better. We go there because we have a grandson and he likes to push the buttons on the games and win tickets. He had a great time and I love to watch him push the buttons. There are many reasons to go there: Party, of any kind, meeting friends with kids, family outing. Maybe you just want a piece of pizza and some time to relax in a corner. Another reason: I am always treated well when I go there. If I want a piece of pizza that is not on out. Just ask and they will fix you any kind they make.
4	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Stopped in here for the Lunch Buffet today, joined by Scott W.  This is a fairly large Peter Piper, new looking and has a serious divider between the game area and the dining room, which isn't important at lunch time but would be a big feature at night with a zillion kids on hand!When we arrived, near their 11 AM opening time, these guys already had more pizzas out than I've ever seen at one time, here or anywhere else...  SIXTEEN, plus 2 kinds of breadsticks!  With this vast selection, I passed on my usual habit of ordering up a custom version.  There was just so much to choose from anyway, & others coming out regularly as there was room to place them.I started with some of each of their three tossed salads & then all the different pizzas I had room to try.  Every one was delicious, although not necessarily quite as fresh and piping hot as the custom-ordered pizzas that I've really getting spoiled on lately at all the different Peter Pipers around the Valley.     :-)This Weekday Lunch Buffet is very inexpensive at $5.99/$5.39 Sr. & even less with discount coupons currently appearing in the weekly shopper tabloids.Excellent place here!     :-))
1	We went for the lunch buffet as my oldest son has been begging to go. It was a mad house!  There was no ice for fountain drinks, no forks, no breadsticks, hardly any pizza to choose from (due to them not keeping up with the demand), and only 1 salad to choose from. I saw many 'questionable' people loading up their plates--like 8 slices on one plate. It was so busy that they didn't even have proper plates. We ate on cheap paper plates!  We stood in line for over 10 minutes to get through the buffet line. I was still hungry after my one slice of pizza and handful of salad, but didn't want to go wait in the line again, as it was even longer. I guess it's a good diet plan.
3	Torn between a heavy 3 or a soft 4.  Med Rand H here for lunch.  This was definitely a lot cheerier place than the one near where I work.  The restrooms were well kept.  There were always fresh pizzas out and I saw a couple of folks ask for specific toppings and it was only a short wait.  While not a huge pizza fan there was nothing wring with any of those I sampled.  For a lunch buffet it was quite reasonably priced.
3	Overall this is actually one of my top five favorite place to get a pizza, and let the kids go nuts. The only thing is that this particular Peter Piper is always over packed and just doesn't have enough games or play area for the kids.The other thing that bothered me about this location was the RUSH job they put on us. We were there for one of my son's friends birthday party. They had a couple table reserved, as others had every other table in the place reserved, cramming us all together. The tables were clearly marked with the child's name and the time the tables were reserved for.With about 15 minutes left for the time they had it reserved for, employees began to come over and begin cleaning up our tables as people were still eating. At the exact time the tables were to no longer be reserved for our group, we were politely asked to leave so the next group could get set up.Not totally impressed with the packed place and rush job, but the pizza was still good. Take it for what its worth.
