2	If I could give this place a negative star, I would. It is where I shop for groceries, but I detest it every time I go. The only time it isn't busy with bus people and 19th Ave riff-raff (yes, I am being snarky and elitist, but I don't care!!!) is Saturday or Sunday mornings, anytime before 10 a.m. All that roam the isles at this time are nice, older people from the nearby retirement communities. I guess the stink of the city aren't quite up at that time. I once saw a man with a huge gash on his nose with blood dried up all over it.  I looked at him oddly, and he gave me a look back, like "hey, what are you lookin' at?!" Ummmm... hello!  Plus it smells in there -- not a good attribute to have at grocery store -- and, it is nearly impossible to find a grocery cart or a nice check-out person.Despite all these unbearable flaws, I know I'll keep going.  I am a sucker for cheap prices!  Just remember: Before 10 a.m. + old people = good shopping experience; 5 p.m. on a Tuesday night (or any night for that matter) + weirdos = scary shopping experience.Update 2.2 - I feel a little bad about giving this Fry's only one star, especially since I shop there.  So, I'll give it at least two for some of its redeemable qualities.  However, today I got there early to do a little shopping, and it was fairly quiet with no lingering pee smell, but I still get aggravated by that store!  Their Roma tomatoes were awful looking. I saw a produce stocker accidentally push a red bell pepper onto the floor and then picked it up, dust it off and put it back!  They failed to stock their frozen pizzas, which left me with about two options to choose from. And, they NEVER have any baggers.  My poor cashier had to bag everything.  Oh, and to top it off, whenever I go there I have really bad cart karma.  I always pick a shitty one, I swear!  I really think I am going to buck it up and head to Safeway.  They always smile and say "Good Morning." I think that alone is worth a few extra bucks!
4	this place is just a little too big.. other than that, pleasant shopping experience. i'm in AZ for school this week, i'm ridiculously excited about that, and after crashing out fairly early i wake up right around 5:30.. starving. i'm renting a house so i have a full kitchen but i didn't' get a chance to go shopping last night. enter fry's. no idea that the fry's here are also grocery stores.. awesome. they're open at 5am.. more awesome. a guy let me use his discount card on check out.. super awesome. so a quick internal check reveals that: i'm tired, excited, slightly out of it, and full of cheerios. thanks fry's.
3	Random crazy crackheads wander throughout this place. The staff isn't incredibly helpful and this place makes me miss the awesomeness that is Freddy's in Portland. Need more natural foods! Damn you red state AZ!!!!
3	I have shopped at Frys stores all over town for as long as I can remember.  No matter what areas I have moved in and out of over the years I always track down a Frys nearby, I guess out of habit.I am ok with their food, their prices, and the store seems fairly clean, outside of the previously mentioned shady clientele that wanders around this corner.What is really testing my patience at this location, though, is the last 4 times I have been here over the course of a couple of months, they have NO BAGGING HELP.   NONE!   ZERO!I typically go on weekend early mornings to avoid the crowd, but even then it is busy enough for at least two cashiers to be going, and each line is generally 2-3 carts deep.  With consumers and cashiers having to do all the bagging themselves it has slowed down considerably.  I really don't feel that I am saving any time going early, and that is quite frustrating.
1	It's getting worse not better here.  All I can say is I'm very thankful that I am moving in two weeks so this was likely my last trip to this Frys.Basically everything my first review is still true about the checkout and lack of bag help.Today, a super-rude cashier was the only one open.  She was obviously in a pissy mood that there is no bag help there (as am I!).  So rather than stopping her little conveyor belt she rams my groceries right down the line, not caring one bit that there is no one at the other end to keep it all from plowing together.I scramble a few things into bags myself, while also keeping an eye on my two kids.  When I noticed she rammed two loaves of bread down the side and crushed them up against the metal change maker thingy.  I told her that will not work for me and to send someone to get me two new ones.  She huffs and puffs and actually tries to 'fluff' up the bread and tell me it is ok as it is.  OMG.2 weeks til moving....2 weeks til moving...2 weeks til moving..
4	I'm really surprised by all the negative reviews of this store. This is my neighborhood grocery store and I have been shopping here for nearly 12 years. It was originally a Fred Meyer and then converted to a Fry's Marketplace. This is a very nice grocery store with an excellent selection of food and other merchandise. From some of the reviews, you would think this is some ghetto market. However, how many ghetto markets have a special counter in the deli section where they make fresh sushi, an extensive selection of wines, a large and clean produce department, organic foods, home goods, sporting goods, seasonal offerings, and even furniture?  I've never had an issue with service at this store. Also, I love the fact that in the past year or so, they've moved items that you need quickly, such as milk, eggs and butter to a display in the the front of the store.Another nice feature is that they've now added a gas station to the front parking lot of the store and with the discounts offered for shopping at Fry's, the gas here is just as cheap as going to Costco.Again, I think a lot of people are judging the store based on the fact that it is located on 19th Avenue and that the clientele don't all look like models. But really this is a much nicer store, with much better prices, than the Safeway at 7th Street and Glendale and quite honestly, it's actually nicer than a lot of other Fry's Marketplaces located throughout the valley.
4	Weird part of town, friendly staff, easy parking.The deals are great, I wish they had better clearance meat section like the Safeway I go to. I shop here lik many others because of the gas incentive. Sometimes I get 10Cent off per gallon, and when the day is extra great I receive 20cents off!! It is the little things in life really,The self check out line is fast, and they always have enough lines open!! :) quick!NOte, lock your doors and be prepared to get a first row show of some guys new 12s and amps as he insists on letting you hear how awesome he thinks he is.  R\_
1	This is not my typical Fry's, however I was nearby running errands and figured it would be convienent to stop here instead of going to my regular Fry's. The layout seemed odd and not logical. The shelf for the sale item my mom was looking for was empty. So we asked an employee if they could check to see if there was any in the back. It looked like they were restocking at the time so the chances seemed good that there might be. We asked the first employee we saw and he pushed us off to another employee. She seemed annoyed by our presense but asked what we were looking for and said she would go look. She must have then pushed us off to someone else because about 5 minutes later some guy we hadn't seen before walked up and asked if we were looking for something as the girl we had previously talked to walked by. So we told him what we were looking for. He disappeared for quite a while. When we finally did see him again he seemed to be chatting and socializing with another worker. After watching that for a few minutes it was clear he was just hanging out and not looking for our item so we decided to buy the couple things we had and leave. Mom decided she would stop at another Fry's since getting help at this one was going nowhere. On our way out the last guy that helped us (I use that term very loosely) saw us and said they didn't have what we were looking for and that he tried to find us. Well we didn't feel like waiting unitl he was done with his social conversation. It's hard to believe they had so many employees working but we couldn't get a simple answer if they had one product in stock after waiiting about 15 minutes. Next time I will make sure I just go to my regular Fry's, even if it is slightly out of the way.
4	This is a pretty good Fry's. Never had a complaint and things aren't hard to find. Clean and organized.
4	I'm kind of mad at myself for shopping here instead of a local market like Sprouts, Basha's or A.J.s but these guys were on the way home and it was just too damned convenient to pass up. There is something to be said for having a market and a little bit of target all under one roof. Here is why I'm a fan: LOCATION.From where I live, getting to Sprouts is a pain in the ass asis  A.J.'s. The Basha's closest me is not always the best stocked. And if I have to go to Fry's at The Camelback Colonnade (or anywhere at the Colonnade) I want to kill myself.....and others.Ditto for Target at Christown. So why I love this Fry's is that there is ample parking, not a lot of traffic in the lot or in the market. This means that I can barrel down the aisles pushing the Cart of Death at 50 miles an hour with NO ONE IN MY WAY!!!!! I am in and out in no time. And because of the home section, I can avoid having to make two trips and pick up some items here that are not offered at regular supermarkets.I REALLY want to support local grocers but when I'm pressed for time to hell with it. Back to Fry's Marketplace I shall go.
4	I come here a lot for grocery shopping, and it's my main stop for all things grocery.  For starters, Fry's has a great selection of food and they have really competitive prices.  Loads of produce, meat, chicken, a great deli counter and plenty of other household items to grab while your here.The lines are never to horribly long, as in comparison to other grocery stores I've been too.  I never have to wait more then a few minutes, and overall the staff is nice.  They have a Bank of America in here located at the front of the store, and sometimes the lines can get long there.  They have a great customer service counter, and the lines get pretty long for that too.On the other side of the coin, there have been a few times where I've had to ask staff members for help finding something. Normally it's not a problem, but I've had more then one occasion where I get the "huh? what's that? I dunno what (insert random item is) and I have to talk to 3 different people to figure out where the heck the random item is.  It's not often, but it has happened more then once. Even though some of the staff members here are on top of things, other staff members seem to not really care, or they have no clue what I'm talking about or are just so totally useless that I wonder how they get dressed in the morning.  Thus, minus one star!There is a weird crowd here from time to time, and I think it's the creepers who somehow make it up here from the light rail.  Had a few circumstances where I've been asked for $$ inside and outside of the store.  Crazy!  I wish I would have complained about it, but usually I'm in more of a hurry and just don't have the energy to say anything to the staff.  I think that's why they have a security guard here at night time to keep the riff raff to a minimum.  Nothing like being asked for a dollar or some other crazy crap!Overall, I like it here. Yes, it's not perfect, but the few flaws here are overshadowed by good stuff like quick service, great prices and a nice big selection of items.
4	I love this store. I'm here every other day or so and they always have what I need. The employees know me and my kids and are always nice. The store is always clean and when there are problems they are taken care of promptly.
5	I can't believe how far this Frys has come from a couple of years ago. I once asked a produce guy to cut an orange for me so I could taste it and his joking reply was "what, do you think we're Safeway?" I laughed but he was telling the truth. The customer service had been less than great and the produce was second class in those days. Well fast forward to now and you will find awesome produce with selections that look like they came from McClendon farms! It's awesome! Varieties of beets in candy cane, orange, and baby to Organic produce of every kind. Really impressive. They have also begun face lifts in various areas of the store so things are looking up in more than one area. There is still the Deli counter to contend with which has not gotten better. I am not sure why it is so difficult to get faster service there but it is an area that still has a ways to go. Although there seem to be less toothless employees that never gave a damn about moving faster than a snails pace which is an improvement but that is only one person. Now let's get the others replaced and get even more customer service and we will all have a store to enjoy completely.
1	I ordered a customized birthday cake and called the day before to talk about it with the decorator. I was assured there was no issue and she would see me the next day. The next day I stop by on my way to the party and there is no cake. I couldn't believe it! I had just talked to the woman the day before. The lady working the bakery that night described herself as "computer phobic", so she wouldn't be able to look up my order. She called the manager, in the interim she preceded to tell me that the frosting I ordered was nasty and gets all over everything. Seriously! It's for a 40 year old not a bunch of toddlers. The manager came, apologized and I got free cake out of the deal. Obviously not decorated or inscribed but it was better than showing up empty handed to my party.Think twice before ordering a cake here.
3	Well I came from my last grocery store being the Fry's on Camelback and 7th Ave which is a total dump. Anything is a step up from that place so, respectfully, my review can be taken with a grain of salt. That said, this location certainly has potential (finger crossed that the light rail extension doesn't turn this into a certain aforementioned Fry's). Half the square footage is like outdoor furniture stuff or something and I always see people messing around over there so it must be good. For my two cents, I like that the important stuff is all together. Produce, butcher, dairy isn't spread all over the place like most stores. Also, the staff has always been helpful to me so kudos for that. I'll be keeping an eye on this Fry's for sure.
