5	Every September, new first year and post graduate students come flooding into Edinburgh. Some have an idea of Edinburgh and have been before, but the majority of these students have never before been to Edinburgh! Edinburgh University Freshers Week is the solution for these students!Freshers Week, run by the student association, is where new students meet each other, see the city, move into their accommodation and get outrageously drunk!!With beach nights, band nights, quiz nights and a ball at the end of the week, new students have plenty of time to get comfortable in their new surroundings! You will have your first taste of Potterrow and your first experience of the Big Cheese - the main student night at the union!On top of all this students can join anyone of the student societies, and there are many too choose from - there is over a hundred student societies, some political, some sporty and some who just care about pizza!A great week that I more than enjoyed! And one you will never forget!
1	Even when I was a Fresher I kinda hated the idea of this. I don't like the idea of any organised "let's get to know each other" outings. I don't date either. At least I don't think I do. Fresher's Week is supposed to be a lot of organised fun. People want nothing more but to meet as many drunk people (whilst drunk) as they can, forget them by morning, exchange saliva, etc. For the whole week, Potterrow stinks of snake-bites and vomit (it does most of the time anyway).Fresher's Week pretty much provides an agglomeration of all the most boring events run by Potterrow that you'll be able to attend throughout the year anyway. The Big Cheese being one of them. There's sleaze. There are people making complete fools of themselves, etc etc. There's everything you would expect from putting thousands of 18 year-olds into about a 500 metre square area.But hey, maybe that's your cuppa tea.
3	I'd love to give you a really in depth review of my Freshers' week, from way back in 2006. I say way back, it's not really that long ago. Problem is, I don't really remember it. Which I guess means it was good. Either that or I've blocked it out because of some emotional trauma that happened that week. Which is pretty unlikely.What I do remember is 'mentors' organising drinking sessions and lots of them. Really, it's quite irresponsible, but it's lack of responsibility is a very important part of being a student. The best thing about Freshers' week is the freshers' fair, where you can go and see what societies the university has on offer (and trust me, there are loads and loads). I was president of the drumming society for a couple of years so I had the pleasure of annoying lots of hungover people by playing djembe as loud as I could for about four hours. And take my advice - join everything. You can always leave if it's rubbish, but societies are a great way to make friends. Probably won't be the most fun week if you don't drink.
