1	The reason I'm giving 1 star is because I must in order to give a review. My nephew was basically kicked out because of the incompetency & non existent communication of this facility. This was my nephew's first formal schooling experience, which he loved right up to the point when we had to break his heart & inform him he would no longer attend. My little love started a month ago with 3 other little boys that we were told only about 4 months into the program. My nephew was basically kicked out because he can't properly hold a pencil....ridiculous right?? Well that's what they told us. He doesn't have a dominant hand which we love because if he can use both hands then great!! Another point that was never discussed was the fact that he might get a trial period to see where he was at...which seems appropriate but not a month into it. Then they had the nerve to say that the tuition is non-refundable...yet only the deposit is stated in the paperwork that is non-refundable. The whole point of school is obviously so kids can learn & put to practice those new learned skills. I hate to say that they discriminated him but if it looks, talks & feels like a duck....then guess what?? It's a duck!
5	My child is currently enrolled in Summerlin Kinder Prep.  I am very happy with the curriculum, the environment and especially the teacher and staff. My older child attended Summerlin Kinder Prep last year.  I was very please with how well my child did, she was well prepared for kindergarten.  I am not only pleased that my children have received almost one on one attention, they have also excelled in reading and writing.  After looking into a few different preschools, I am very glad that my children had the opportunity to attend Summerlin Kinder Prep.  Tuition was very affordable and they are centrally located.
5	Summerlin Kinder Prep is a fantastic school! My daughter is currently enrolled as a preschooler, and she is thriving. She looks forward to school, she looks forward to her homework, and she has just started reading, I am watching her knowledge bloom every day, thanks to the work that Miss Sarah is doing with my child. I love that this is a small classroom setting, the students are making wonderful friendships and they get a lot of attention from their teacher. Aside from the academic benefits we see, I also have many compliments as a parent for this school. Miss Tanya's home preschool is clean, inviting, safe, and nurturing. The school calendar is extremely organized, and I'm extremely happy with the communication we receive from the school about events and activities, and Miss Sarah is available any time to talk about my daughter's specific needs/challenges/accomplishments. And the price is an absolute bargain for the quality and quantity of service provided. I am very, very happy that we found this school for my daughter, for this year, before she starts Kindergarten next year, I have full confidence that she'll be academically and emotionally prepared for school next fall. I also wanted to address the one star review here on Yelp. I'm sorry, Johana, that you are upset, and I hope your nephew and his parents find the right preschool. That is very hard, I know, I pulled my daughter out of not one, not two, but three preschools, before I enrolled her in Summerlin Kinder Prep, primarily for cost/scheduling issues, and it can be confusing for the child, but it can also give them an opportunity to practice resilience. Tanya is correct, refunds are not given in the service industry for services that were provided, I didn't receive any refunds from the preschools we attended prior.
5	My daughter has been enrolled in Summerlin Kinder Prep for almost 6 months now.  I have been very happy with our experience here.  Miss Sarah is a great teacher and my daughter loves her.  I appreciate the small class size and the structured time she has during her mornings there.  She looks forward to going everyday and has been learning a lot, preparing her for kindergarten.  I have no complaints, everything runs very smoothly and organized.  I can easily communicate with either her teacher (Miss Sarah), or the Administrator Tracy at any time.  Overall Great Preschool and greatly appreciated!!
5	Our son has attended this preschool and just graduated today. He loved it, and had made good friends with his classmates. He loves his teacher, Ms. Sarah, and always looked forward to taking something to show-and-tell. His overall experience, I think, had been a pleasant one for him.I like how there are only few students per class so Ms. Sarah was able to pay good attention to what her students needed to learn and at what pace. Our son learned a lot of things he needed to learn before Kindergarten (colors, numbers, letters, days of the week, reading, etc) so we are really satisfied that we sent him to this school.Ms. Tanya takes over the admin side of things, and she's been really friendly and helpful. I liked how when she reminded us of public school registration date because I wasn't aware of it. They also had a field trip and our son had fun with it. We celebrated holidays throughout the school year with food contributions which I liked because it made our son aware of what they were going to celebrate in school.Graduation today was a blast! For a little school, it was really really well prepared and decorated. The children performed magnificently. It was short and sweet, too, so the kids didn't get cranky. I recommend this school to anyone looking for a preschool.
