5	I have been going to this office since it opened. Its very clean and the staff is extremely helpful and friendly. From the very first consultation dr. Cristy Thomas was very thorough and helped me figure out exactly what I needed to get myself on track with my weight loss program. It was a life style change and I have kept the weight off. With such success I even went further and allowed the dr. To fill my lips and give me Botox for an overall make over. Anyways with all that being said results were fantastic. I highly recommend this office.
1	"You can expect to wait AT LEAST 30 minutes" This is what Dr. Cristy Thomas told me 70 minutes after I had arrived. After 20 minutes of sitting in a room by myself I walked over to the office to find "the Dr" chatting with her staff about a copy machine as I'm waiting for a simple Myers Cocktail injection. After I told her that as I'm sure she would appreciate a heads up if I'm late or need to cancel (as they charge a $50 fee for being LATE) I would appreciate the same. I rushed over there to be on time for my appointment. I did not yell or curse, I simply stated I did not appreciate the wait time. When I told her I would take into consideration the 30 minute minimum wait time for possible future appointments she then told me she did not feel comfortable giving me the shot. I said ok give me my $70 back and I'll be on my way.
5	Great place great supplements.
1	I waited too, forever. They told me it was because they were implementing a new computer system. I went in for a blood test at 10 am, I waited until 11 am to have the blood drawn after I had been fasting since the previous night. I was a little surprised when I went into the office for bioidentical hormones because most of the patients were men who were far too muscular. The treatment she gave me, testerone, made me sick. I got acne in my public area. Nothing, absolutely nothing was said to me about the possible side effects or health risks of what she was giving me. I smoke and you are not even supposed to take anything like that when you do. Also, because they use a compounding pharmacy, they are not required to give you any handouts with the medication regarding possible side effects.The really frustrating part is that she told me that 'most' of the tests would be covered by the wellness plan on my insurance. The bill is over $2000. After many, many calls to my insurance provider, Vitality and Quest Diagnostics, guess what? Not covered, even though they had all the insurance info prior to doing the tests.They are only interested in making money. Everyone in the office calls her 'Dr Thomas' and she only has a phd, she is not a medical doctor.One more thing, the nurse didn't change the paper on the medical table prior to my examination, I had to ask her to do it.
5	Dr. Christy Thomas is one of the most caring, knowledgeable health care professionals I have ever visited as a patient. She is totally  focused on the patient, spent a tremendous amount of focused time explaining why she was making suggested strategies.Her approach has changed my life. I feel a thousand times better, sleep like I never have before and just feel better about life. Thanks doc!!
5	My health is better because I have been coming to Vitality Health and Wellness for the last two years. I like that Dr. Christy Thomas is integrative and combines traditional medicine with alternative wellness approaches. For someone wanting to be proactive with their health I would highly recommend scheduling a consultation.
5	Dr. Cristy has an amazing and professional facility.  She is very smart and knows what it takes to help someone naturally and without all the crazy meds.  Dr. Cristy is very intune with me and my needs.  Her staff is very professional and very friendly.  Her office is clean and inviting.  I always feel like they have my best interest at heart.  if you are looking for someone to help you lose weight, feel more energized or just to be in better health, I highly recommend Vitality Medical Center!
