5	My husband and I stayed here for our brief honeymoon this September and absolutely loved this hotel.  The guest services were great, and the room was beautiful.  We booked through Montreal's tourism website which was having a deal; if you book 2 nights, the 3rd night is half price.  Complementary wine and cheese was also included with our room each evening in the bar.  The bartender was super nice and fun, she even scored us some free concert tickets our first night there.  I will definitely stay at hotel Nelligan when I return to Montreal.  There was a nice piece written up about Nelligan in the NY Times right before our trip, so hopefully we'll still be able to afford it!
4	Beautiful, boutique hotel in the heart of Old Montreal. The staff is friendly, the rooms are beautiful, and the bathroom? I could almost live in that tub...especially using their fabulous bath products.Breakfast is included (delicious fresh fruit salad, a variety of breads, croissants, juices and coffee) as is a wine & cheese hour.My one complaint about the hotel is that there was some serious construction going on just outside our window that started every morning at 6:45 am. I wish someone had mentioned that there would be street repairs going on!
5	The best parts of this hotel experience cascade out of the mind quickly:  historical and romantic section of Montreal meets soft bed and quaint privacy of a small inn.  As in most of Montreal, the staff is bilingual and "on in," ready to help with a timely resi or recommmendation.  The hotel's restaurant is a good choice for this part of Montreal too, considering that the city's stellar food options are mostly outside of old-town.
4	Excellent hotel in Old Montreal. We actually booked through Jetsetter.com and was able to get a SUPERIOR ROOM with fireplace and balcony. The fireplace was a nice touch. PROS:+ Very clean.+ Spacious + I love how the ice bucket looks like a bowling bowl. + The bed was just heaven.+ Complimentary wireless was excellent+ Bathroom was huge.+ they change currency at the front desk. USD to Canadian dollars is 1 to 1.+ if you bring your laptop to the front desk, they can print out stuff for you+ valet parking is $25 - one time payment doesnt matter how many times you ask for your car+ complimentary cocktails upon your arrival (vouchers can be used anytime during your visit)+ they have an umbrella in the closet+ around the corner from NotreDame BasilicaCONS: (its really the bathroom)- the handheld shower head didn't stay on securely so when the water would get really strong the water would go all over the place- the shower knob was so far into the stall that when you would turn on the water you would have to go completely in the shower and wet with the cold water- the lighting...just poor..where were my vanity white lights?
5	This is a gorgeous hotel at a lovely location. The rooms are clean and very comfortable. The servers are attentive but not intrusive. I wondered what fragrance they use in their soaps and room fresheners - but the rooms smelled crispy fresh every time they were serviced. They also serviced the rooms twice a day - which was nice. The hotel is a block from the Notre Dame and a quick ~5 minute walk from the Museum of Archaeology. The hotel is not cheap, but it is totally worth the price.
5	Stay here-We had an absolutely wonderful stay. We had a spacious room. The hotel is kept very clean; the staff is superb (front desk and doormen stand out, but others were good as well). We had a very good breakfast daily at the hotel restaurant.The location could not be better- right in the heart of Old Montreal. The concierge was extremely helpful and helped us find our way each day with great recommendations.  My boyfriend and I are seasoned travelers and we recommend this hotel without reservationThe rooftop lounge was great, the perfect ambiance for a couples night out.  Service was a little slow out there but overall a great place to grab a drink and some appetizers.
5	I spent only one night at the Nelligan Hotel but I wish I could have stayed longer. Location wise is perfect, The decor is modern but you still feel the warm atmosphere of the surrounding old town.. I loved the 'French not too french' ambience, but what really impressed me was the outstanding care of the front desk. There was a problem with my reservation and they promptly found a solution and made up to me offering a wonderful breakfast free of charge and waived my parking fee.Well, this is what hospitality should be all about.If you stop by in Montreal, the Nelligan is definitely the place to stay!
5	Se magnifique! The Nelligan is the zenith of boutique hotelery- the quaint charm, location and legitimate panache of an Old Montreal inn,  with the full fledged amenities of a much larger hotel (gym, full restaurant and bar, terrace lounge, etc)Beautiful classic styling, immaculate cleanliness, wonderful exposed brick, open courtyard, modern baths with quirky Old City architecture, impeccable service. This offered all of the experience for a perfect hotel stay, at  a remarkable value.The perfect balance of old meets new, with nothing lacking. A resounding 5 star.
4	While the hotel is a lot bigger than it seems, you'd never guess it from the personal boutique atmosphere and design. Every space has been given detail and elegance of old Montreal while making it modern and chic in a great location.I'd like to stay here again.
3	I finally got to stay here because the dead zone after Christmas made this hotel finally affordable.The location can only be beat by the Saint Sulpice. I had heard that there is no gym in the St. Sulpice so Nelligan probably gives you the most full offering of a hotel in this class. Check-In had a surprisingly nice delight with a pair of free cocktail coupons at the bar - only that the cocktails are not for cocktails but for juice or house wine.The gym itself is in a small room with a TV that barely works but the equipment is in workable shape - lots of free weights and a universal machine, but the bench gets stuck easily when you're trying to adjust it. Someone should look into that...The room itself is great - nice and big with a nice touch from the brick. It got quite cold in the mornings even with the heat turned all the way up. The desk is big and heavy with lots of drawers -- only that I discovered that inside the drawers were minibar stuff, so if you touch it, $$$. Wifi was free but I had to unplug some of the lamps in order to find an outlet to charge my computer, not to mention all my other peripherals that needed charging.The bathroom was cool - the bathtub had jets, but my toilet never flushed properly. Also, there was a window right next to the toilet that faced into another building and housekeeping kept on re-raising the blinds for some unknown reason. The soaps and shampoos were from Gilbert & Soames and they were top notch - salon level shampoos, which is quite generous of them! Best smelling hotel soap ever.So all in all, I would say it's a nice hotel but at the same time it's a mixed bag - anything that is great came with a catch.
4	We came here for their Cabane a Sucre on the rooftop terrace.The food was really good, considering at these things it can be really hit and miss, but they got it perfect.  The way the staff was dressed and the live music sets a really cool atmosphere for the tourist visiting Montreal looking for a little taste of a Quebec Cabane a Sucre.  Even for a local Montrealer it was nice, and it gave me a to see what the terrace looks like for the summer months, when I expect it to be overflowing with people.Looking forward to returning during the summer months
4	It is killing me to give this amazing hotel 4 instead of 5 stars, but I have to due to the really bad wifi connection in our room. We live by the iPad while traveling and we lost the connection every five minutes which is a pain. Other than that, it was fabulous and we will definitely be back. We had a petite suite facing St. Paul. We loved facing the street with all the noise and action!  And our room was lovely. It isn't a typical suite with a separate living room, rather just a bigger room which was fine. The bathroom was huge and the toiletries amazing. The rooftop bar was hopping every night and a great place for a drink before dinner. The hotel staff was wonderful. The location is great- in the heart of Old Montreal and walking distance to everything including downtown and a metro station. Love the area. If you like coffee, walk out of the hotel to the left and there is a Van Haute which is tasty. A little farther down is O&G- a popular breakfast and lunch place. Beware, they are closed on Sunday and Monday. Great hotel in a great location.
5	Great lunch place. Foie Gras is to die for.
4	Nothing portrays a summer in Montreal better than the fabulous array of terrasses that unfold after a long winter of hiding. Tourists and locals come out to play, drink, and mingle over some great beverages and a bite to eat under the sun. Terrasse Nelligan boasts this trendy and classy ambiance atop its boutique hotel establishment. The stunning rooftop provides a beautiful roof-level view of Old Montreal's numerous buildings and landmarks such as the Notre-Dame Basilica, while the other side of the terrasse offers a decent view of the port. For better views of the river and its surroundings, I would suggest a rooftop terrasse such as L'Auberge Vieux-Port on Rue de la Commune. But for the Nelligan, its impressive views of historical architecture and the feeling of being immersed amongst Old Montreal's cultural heritage sets off a unique and memorable experience in itself.Terrasse Nelligan hosts happy hour every Thursday and constantly updates their delicious cocktail menu. They make a fantastic white sangria with sparkling wine, which I highly recommend and greatly enjoy. If you get hungry, they serve food too, freshly pressed on their outdoor grill, ranging from paninis to quality cuts of meat and fish.From the ambiance, to the drinks, to the food, you will definitely walk off this terrasse already planning your next visit.
3	I came here for a work dinner that was pre-planned so somehow I think we got a less than stellar menu selection compared to what is normally served. To keep it short, beautiful architecture and ambiance. The wait staff was on time with everything, sharp as a tack and never shy about keeping our delicious bread topped off. 5 stars for the staff here. However, man that was one of the worst steaks I've had in recent times. The sauce that was drenched over it just had a "dirty" and almost fishy taste to it but the meat itself was flavorless and just...... really bad. I ate more bread that night than I had of the main course, and I was happy enough with that and a couple of beers. Enjoy the scenery, skip the steak here. I wish we were offered the foie-gras as an option.
4	old world charmchecked on us 3 times per day (room check, turn-down service with chocolate, mini-bar service), gorgeous rooms, location.  Would definitely stay here again.
4	Clean and friendly, nice aesthetics and the vibe is good here. I love open brick walls, large plank wood floors, distressed leather furniture and friendly staff. This hotel has all of that. The rooms are rather tight, even for a petit suite but the bathroom is great and the shower has a huge rain head with great pressure. I'd come back but not before I'd first stay again at Place D'arms their sister property up the road. The only thing this hotel is missing is vaulted ceilings
5	Fantastic little hotel in old Montreal.
4	Location is greatStaff is greatRoom is great EXCEPT it.s got a funny old smell, it.s stuffy, it has a "stored" smell as if the room had not been ventilated for a whileBut I like that they leave chocolates in the eveningI like the brick wall in all rooms
4	The Hotel Nelligan is right in the heart of Old Montreal, with old world charm and service. The 6 story building is brick with a nice facade, and the interior has been remodeled with washed brick and wood accents. The rooms are decent sized and furnished handsomely with understated luxury. There is a small bar and dining, and most room rates come with breakfast included. You'll pay about $175 to $250 depending on room and season. You can step outside and walk the quaint narrow streets with their shops, bistros and drinking establishments.
4	Nice place to share a  Sunday dinner in his terrace Ambiance, price and service get you in the mood of a spectacular day*Just be sure to ask your steak without sauce. It's not bad, it's just innecesary ;)
5	Very friendly staff, great rooms, nice reastaurnt, and nice bar.  Highly recommend staying here.
5	My fiance and I had a wonderful stay here this past March! It's in a beautiful part of the Old Port area of Montreal. There are plenty of great shops in the area but it's a bit far from the Montreal 'hotspots' like Schwart'z or Au Pied de Cochon. If you are having trouble orienting yourself, the wonderful staff is so incredibly helpful! They directed my fiance, an avid record collector, to a fantastic record store. I can't say enough nice things about the staff. Everyone was very helpful and the concierge even managed to get us last minute reservation at Au Pied de Cochon! The room was beautiful, very tastefully decorated. The king-size beds are enormous. The suite was quite affordable, especially when factoring in that it felt like a luxury hotel thanks to the wonderful staff. I imagine it's even better in the spring when the terrace is open. We will definitely be staying here again!
5	After reading the reviews on hotels in Montreal, we chose Hotel Nelligan for our 3 night stay.From my pre trip communication with Maude at the concierge desk and all through our trip, it is her excellent recommendations that made this hotel and our trip so amazing. She exemplifies what a concierge position is all about and greets you with a warm and wonderful smile each and every time you see her!The hotel is situated on rue St Paul and is perfectly located near Notre Dame and in the center of Old Montreal. The metro is a very short walk and offers great access to the entire city.The lobby is beautiful as was the king superior that my wife and I stayed in. Brick walls surround the hotel providing a very old world European feel. Cocktails in the lounge area is a wonderful way to start your evening before venturing out to one if Montreals many wonderful restaurants.I can't say enough about the incredible staff here and the comfort of this world class hotel. I can not wait to return!
4	My wife and I recently traveled to Montreal for our tenth anniversary. Knowing nothing about the city we decided to stay in the Old Port area and when we looked online we absolutely fell in love with Hotel Nelligan.Pros - The rooms are beautiful. At the least the one we stayed in (Petit Suite) was. The staff we spoke to were all very friendly and courteous. The hotel is right in the heart of the Old Port, a very walkable and charming part of town.Cons - Fake fireplace in the room with an electronic screen that shows a picture of a fire. Would not have paid this much if I knew that the fireplace listed in the room description was fake.No valet out front on a narrow cobblestone street when I arrived. It wasn't clear where I was supposed to park or if I should wait for a valet so I circled around a few times until I found a spot on the street and left my car there overnight.Continental breakfast was not worth the high price. Fruit looked old, coffee ran out before we got there, not enough quality or variety to justify the cost. "Romantic View" was an alleyway.Overall: I'd still recommend the Nelligan for someone looking to stay downtown. I would just get the small room, don't bother paying for the fake fireplace or the romantic view of an alley. Skip the breakfast unless they comp it, and don't spend anything extra on a package deal that includes free breakfast. The Old Port area is not that large, and is a particular type of toursity. Personally I think it's worth spending a day in the Old Port area just to see all of the art galleries and enjoy the architecture, but we found that the Plateau was much more our speed.
4	I'm not reviewing the hotel, but rather, its rooftop terrace. We stopped in on a Saturday around 6pm and lucked out by getting two seats at the bar. We ordered the Clear Sangria, which was quite tasty and refreshing but a little expensive at $14.  If you're feeling a little peckish, you can order some great appetizers - the shrimp are fantastic. Noms!The view alone makes it worth stopping by for a drink or two; you can enjoy an (almost) 360 view of the old port, allowing you to take in Montreal's architecture and landmarks (i.e. Notre-Dame Basilica) while catching up with friends.
5	This was the perfect stay in Montreal. All of the staff are exceptionally friendly and helpful. It was probably the fastest check-in I've ever experienced, but also warm and welcoming. The room was fantastic, we had a great view of the river, the jacuzzi tub was essential after a long day of walking, the bed was supremely comfortable, and the fireplace and brick walls add to a luxurious and romantic feel. The gym is surprisingly well-appointed for a hotel fitness center. We had drinks and food both at the terrace bar on the roof, and downstairs and both were great.The concierge service was superb. We got reservations to Au Pied de Cochon while in town, and helpful hints about jazz clubs and other bars.The only bad part was having to leave. We will be back to the Hotel Nelligan.
5	Beautiful roofdeck bar with a gorgeous view of the Cathedral. The clear sangria was light yet strong and I loved the lychee!
5	Tres bien! Cannot say enough lovely things about this wonderful hotel. The location is perfect, right in the heart of Old Montreal. The rooms exude charm. The staff went above and beyond to make our stay exceptional. Tip: rooms ending in  01 are next to the elevator, which does not make noise. However other guests tend to make a bit more chatter while waiting for said elevator. If you are a light sleeper request a room far from here.We stayed in a suite in the newer part of the hotel, which was still dripping in charm with the exposed brick, fireplace, and largest jacuzzi tub perhaps legally allowed in a hotel. Merci Hotel Nelligan. J'adore.
4	This is a beautiful hotel with such classic decor. The room is spacious, clean and well appointed. It is in the heart of old Montreal with exquisite galleries and restaurants within a few steps. Museums and the Biodome are also very close. The service is the only missing piece to this quaint hotel. From doorman to bar to room service, it seems not to be a priority, at all. Coffee in the morning took almost an hour for room service and the small pot (3 cups) and 2 croissants cost $20.  Ice for a drink in the room takes an hour for delivery and there is no "self-service". If a hotel is going to have a guest rely on the services, they should make sure the services live up to the overall quality of the hotel.
5	A must stay for anyone coming to Montreal!  Located in the old town,  this hotel is super close to cafes, bars,  even a short walk to the Metro Station. Staff here are awesome.  So friendly and helpful.  Loved the turn down service for the bed of an evening! Complimentary drink at the bar on arrival. Room was clean,  comfortable and the bed was AWESOME.  So comfortable! Would I come back,  YES. Would I recommend it to others?  Well clearly I am.  YES YES YES! A big thumbs up!
5	Stayed here with my hubby for two nights (of four) when in Montreal for my cousin's wedding.  As soon as we walked into the room, we wished we had planned to stay there all four nights!  The petite suites are beautiful - huge but cozy and inviting.  The staff are wonderful - helpful and friendly.  And, as other reviews have mentioned, the turndown service (with two chocolates - like the old days!!) is so inviting!They apparently have a really nice roof deck cocktails and food, but we were there in winter so it was (obviously) not open.  We were so in love with this place that we plan to come back next summer!Definitely stay here!  One small caveat -- there is a decent amount of street noise if you are in a room overlooking Rue St Paul.  Since we live on a noisy street in DC, it didn't bother us (it was quieter than home!), but if you live in quiet suburbia, you may want to ask for a room in a different part of the hotel that may be quieter.  Or bring earplugs -- it's worth staying here even with a bit a noise!
5	Great cosy hotel in old Montreal. Friendly staff, kidsfriendly as well. Comfy beds and rooms, very clean, love the breakfast buffet, nice fire place lounge area to have drinks. Small gym but well equiped. A must stay!
4	Our go-to hotel when we stay in Montreal. The rooms are beautiful and the staff/customer service is exceptional. Adjacent restaurant is fantastic and the rooftop bar/terrace has great views and better drinks. Only downfall is that the room we originally fell in love with was stripped of a few key pieces like chairs next to the fire place and no Nespresso machine. Location is ideal, perfect place to stay if you want to be in the center of old Montreal.
5	Fantastic hotel in ideal location in Montreal's Old Town. Lovely rooms, a perfect blend of old world charm and modern convenience, and spotlessly clean and fresh. Located a block from Notre Dame and the archaeology museum, also an easy walk to a ton of great restaurants on St. Paul and nearby streets. Perfect.
4	Awesome Place,specially the Roof Top :)
4	Great location in old Montreal.  Surrounded by endless restaurants and cafes in very close walking distance. The hotel and rooms were clean. When we arrived our first day the employees at checkin were less then informative. Our first night we didnt sleep well due to the street noise. Our room was on the second floor facing the street. We attended the front desk the second day to get a fan. The employees asked if everything was ok and we explained that street noise was loud throughout the night.  Without even asking they immediately switched us to      another room at the back of the hotel. Needless to say we slept in peace and quiet for the rest our trip. Overall a great experience but a bit over priced.
4	Hotel Nelligan is a fabulous boutique hotel in Old Montreal. It is conveniently located close to the metro and it is also in a great spot within walking distance to everything in Old Montreal. The rooftop terrace is amazing and the rooms are cozy and spacious. The staff is friendly and knowledgable. We came to Montreal for my mom's birthday and the front desk upgraded our room and sent up birthday macaroons and a card on her birthday- such a nice touch! Definitely recommend staying here for anyone visiting Montreal.
5	Great place right in the middle of Old Montreal.  It's not cheap but the location and the service makes it a great value.
4	Hotel Nelligan is certainly the nicest boutique hotel I've stayed at in Montreal. It's right downtown in a great location with many restaurants, bars and attractions in close walking proximity.  The staff is fabulous and extra helpful. I left my cell phone in a local taxi and one of the front desk staff took the time to track it down and got the cab driver to come back and deliver the phone to me.  It was wonderful.  Not to mention, the lounge in the lobby is great with lots of comfy couches, fireplaces and even a swanky lunge bar attached for those who want a little wilder evening.  The rooms are beautiful, large, beds are super comfortable and each room has its on fire place.  The best part of the rooms is definitely the bathroom with a HUGE jacuzzi tub and rain shower.  The only bad thing is the lighting in the bathroom. It's nearly impossible to put on makeup in there. Clearly, the lighting placement was designed by a man. lol. And, I didn't have a view at all. There was no reason to even open the curtains considering my view was an alleyway. I would definitely recommend this hotel and it's super quaint, chic and cozy.  The restaurant is just ok though.  I recommend venturing around town for food. It's pretty overpriced at the restaurant as well.
