5	I wanted to get a bluetooth stereo in my car and Vic at Mobile Masters was fantastic.  He not only patiently helped me through stereo selection, but was incredibly responsive with all my questions.  He came to my home for the install, which was quick, painless and left me incredibly pleased with the whole process.  Vic is awesome.I've already recommended him to two people and will continue to do so.
5	Had my new fiat 2012 outfitted with 6 new speakers and an amp. I was amazed at the amount ofd work that was out into it. They basically had to take every panel and the back seats off the car but when it was put back together it was better than new. The sound is great and I will call Mobile Masters next time when I add a sub. 5 stars!!!
5	I decided to gut the factory stereo in my Mustang and go for the gusto with a top of the line stereo. However, when the geeks at Best Buy quoted over $500 for installation (with less than perfect equipment purchased from them), I realized the only to get what I really wanted at a good price was to buy my components online.When I ran across the web site for Vic and his MobileMasters car stereo installation business, I decided to ask for a quote. Vic called the next day and spent a good 45 minutes on the phone with me, going over my options for the stereo I wanted, speaker choices, amplifier choices and installation options. As Vic is a certified Master Technician (with years of experience installing this stuff), he is a better resource than any shop salesman in this town. When it came to installation day, Vic comes to your house and gets to work! I had him do the whole she-bang... touchscreen head unit, microphone for hands-free calling, Ipod cable in the glove box, component speakers in the doors, speakers in the rear deck, subwoofer in the trunk, and a bad -ass amplifier to run this sucker.All I can say is... Wow!  The installation is impossible to tell apart from the factory system. The wiring is perfectly hidden, the subwoofer was mounted to take up the least possible room in the trunk, the amp was hidden by installing it on the rear deck panel and the microphone has about 1/2" of wire showing which is incredible in an aftermarket install. Vic also spent some time tweaking the built-in EQ and then spent time with me to make sure the phone and bluetooth options were working as well. But here is where Vic and MobileMasters earns its Fifth Star. He tried something different with incorporating my factory subwoofer components into the new system. After a day, I knew this wasn't the option for me. Without question, he came back to the house and made everything exactly the way I wanted it to be, and made sure I was completely satisfied before he left.All this for about the same price as the big box store wants... and let me tell you, they don't give a s**t about how you want it. Trust me, Vic and MobileMasters is the only way to go!
5	I had been planning on putting in an after market deck in my Toyota FJ for ever and when my wife bought me a new Kenwood DDX770 for my birthday I was stoked! I spent several days researching all of the things I needed including the best back up camera and the right steering wheel module. The Friday arrived where I had all of the parts I needed and the time to do it. Started to get all of the wiring lined up and the schematic that goes with the steering wheel control module did not match the Toyota wiring harness. I looked on Yelp and read a couple reviews about Mobile Masters and gave him a call. After explaining what I had he gave me an estimate and told me he could do it the next day. Not only did he arrive exactly when he said he would but he soldered every connection! Very efficient and professional. After he was done and gone I had an issue with the DVD player and he walked me through the fix on the phone( had nothing to do with the install; the parking brake bypass had to be ground and he came up with the solution in minutes)! 5 stars easy! Thanks again Vic!
5	I contacted Mobile masters for help in straightening out my home entertainment system after I had tried unsuccessfully to install the components. Vic made an appointment and showed up promptly the next day. He immediately set about replacing inadequate wiring with state of the art and making sure the components were connected in the right way to optimize performance. He was fast and knowledgeable. He had the diagnostic equipment to perfect the sound and I could not be more pleased with the results. He has my Receiver, speakers, 73 inch TV, cable box and Blue ray player fully integrated. Watching Blue Ray movies is like being at the theater.
5	Vic was awesome. I have a 08 Denali with the Bose system in it and wanted to put two twelves and a 2600 watt amp in it but wanted to leave my stock nav system in it. I bought a jl audio clean sweep for the RCA cables and had Vic come down and put it in. Man does is hit hard. He is very knowledgable about stereo stuff and told me I should think of adding a cap which I am going too ASAP I give him five stars thanks again Vic :)
5	Vic was great from the minute I called until my stereo was replaced.  He was extremely prompt in returning calls and emails.  He also emailed me all of the parts I needed to order through amazon.   Once I received everything, I made an appointment for installation.  He was on time and got the job done in two hours.  He also spent as much time as I needed explaining to me how everything works.  I would definitely recommend his services and will use him for any of my future needs!
5	Vic is awesome!!!  We had a 2 way alarm installed in our 2013 Jeep Wrangler with remote start and a proximity sensor.  Vic didn't cut any corners, and spent the extra time to do install the alarm correctly.  The proximity sensor was set perfectly, we didn't have to go and get it re adjusted multiple times.  Vic also made an extra trip out to our workplace to add the lock screen function to our remote.  We couldn't be happier with our transaction.   Thanks again Vic
5	Honest. Reliable. Prompt. Efficient.  All I can say is WOW.  We were passing through Las Vegas and wanted to get a new stereo with Sirius and nav.  Vic came to our vehicle to see what model type we needed, then advised us on the different options, and helped us find the lowest price for the unit, then came to install it.  He is kind, very pleasant to be around, and a hard working guy.  We are so glad to have found him.  In the future, I plan to buy my equipment on amazon, then drive to Las Vegas to have Vic install for me!!!  Thanks a bunch Vic!!!
5	I am absolutely convinced that Vic from Mobile Masters is the best in the business. For my first appointment I had my car stereo removed, and a couple of months later I had Vic install it in my new(er) car. The quality of Vic's work is top notch, A+, doesn't get any better.Vic's knowledge, professionalism, and attention to detail elevate him way above his competition. Vic helped me determine which parts I would need to order, in order to be able to move my car stereo into the new car. No issues there at all, and Mobile Masters doesn't get into the gray area or reselling items so as a customer you don't have to worry about paying mark-ups.During the stereo installation Vic was very patient with me as I had to leave the house for nearly an hour to handle an unexpected complication. That's just yet another example of the world class service that Vic provides each of his clients.I couldn't be happier with the results. My music sounds excellent, and everything looks excellent. Vic also went above and beyond to point out of a couple of minor issues (unrelated to the stereo system) that I wouldn't have otherwise seen on my own! No matter the job, I'd recommend Vic Orlando to anyone and look forward to doing just that every chance I get.Thank you very much Vic, your hard work is very much appreciated!
5	Vic is awesome. I have used him to set up my home 7.1 surround sound system and car audio. Always on time, very dependable and easy to get a hold of through phone or email. Highly recommended.
5	Had Vic back for a follow up for bigger sub woofer. Very satisfied with professionalism and knowledge. My big screen and audio set up are awesome.
5	Found Vic on Yelp and contacted him in regards to installing a new head unit and alarm in my Hubby's truck. He directed me to all of the necessary parts online and counseled me through the process. I was contemplating going through a local shop, but with the money I saved buying everything online - I was able to get a better alarm system and some really nice extras (ie: special license plate frame for the backup camera, etc.) When it actually came time to do the install, well let me tell you... my husband is Mr. Meticulous and he was beyond happy with the job Vic did. He saw some of the rewiring and work he did and was very impressed (not an easy feat either.) I highly recommend Vic and plan to use him to redo the wiring/speakers for the surround/whole house system in our new house.
5	I had Mobile Masters install my new stereo system in my 2500 Silverado. I didn't even know you could put 10" speakers behind my seat with ease. Vic did a great job, very professional. I love the way it turned out and everything looks great in my truck! I'll definitely be using them on my next install!
5	Vic and Terrence are the two that I worked with. Overall great work. Vic is very professional, same with Terrence. These guys will work with you. I don't normally write reviews but I really felt that I had to for these guys. They really deserve it. Give them your support because they provide quality service and at a reasonable price. Not to mention the lifetime warranty. Thanks again guys! Very happy customer
5	Recently competed our 3rd or 4th (I've lost count) stereo and/or TV and/or lighting project with Vic & Mobile Masters, and we've been totallly satisfied every time.  Vic is versatile & creative, thorough & professional, and gives very fair & reasonable pricing.  We'll keep going back to him for future projects/upgrades, no doubt!
5	Vic just completed a stereo upgrade in my Cadillac CTS, and I couldn't be happier with the installation.I purchased my unit on Amazon and Vic came to install it. After asking me questions about what I wanted from my system, he told me that I'd purchased one that would not support Bluetooth...yikes! I am so glad that he gave me this advice rather than just installing a system that wouldn't have provided me with the features I wanted.  This was a major pain in the backside avoided because Vic actually asked the right questions and listened to me. I knew right then that I'd hired the right guy for my install.The new unit came and Vic's installation was top notch. All connections were soldered and the wiring was very neatly installed behind the unit.  The finished look is amazing -- looks like it came from the factory, not some after-market hack job.All I can say is that Vic really is the best. I picked him because of his phenomenal online reputation, and I recommend that you do the same.THANK YOU Vic and Mobile Masters! You have one more very happy customer.
5	Let's just say, I am very impressed and very happy with my car stereo installation by Vic Orlando.From helping me figure out which equipment to buy from Amazon, to customizing the double din unit to fit into the car, Vic did a super job.Will be using him again to get our TV mounted on the wall.  Excellent service, quality and helpfulness.  Can heartily recommend Vic and Mobile Masters.
5	Vic is an amazing professional. I have encountered numerous problems as I purchased my equipment on line. It had to be returned and replaced 3 times. This had nothing to do with Vic but he stood behind his work and his company until the issues have been solved. His qualifications are simply amazing. He is a genius in what he is doing. I highly recommend him!
5	Yesterday Vic installed a remote start/alarm system for my lady's SUV, it works perfectly! The installation was done as neatly as possible, and for a very fair price.Vic recommended the equipment (I ordered from Amazon) as well and she is very happy with it! We both are!I won't ever hesitate to recommend Mobile Masters to others, and I won't hesitate to hire them again whenever I have an automobile or home audio/video/alarm installation to be done.Vic & Mobile Masters continue to impress, the quality of their work is unbeatable.
5	Vic was great. Very professional soldered install. Install has been running great for over 8 months. Vic made sure everything was working as I had hoped. Very happy.
5	This is the third project I have hired Vic Orlando, the owner of Mobile Masters, to work on.  As always he is a professional who takes pride in his work.  The first time I had him work on the stereo and GPS System of My Mercury Marauder.  Great work.  Got it running again.Next project was to install a LockPic Device and Backup camera in my son's 2012 Challenger SRT 8.  Works perfectly.  Dodge dealers said it was not possible.  Vic proved otherwise.This time I had Vic put up some ceiling fans, replace some difficult to get at lights in my home and assemble a fire pit.Superb work and ultra-competative prices.Vic is the Very Best.
5	On the Saturday before Mother's Day, Vic came to install my flat screen TV to my living room wall.  He was prompt and professional and when we ran into a snafu that rendered my current TV useless, he actually drove me to the nearest electronics store to help me purchase a new TV, soundbar, and Blue-Ray disc player.  He assisted with negotiating the best price and navigated through the selection of reliable options with the height of courtesy.  This is WAY above and beyond the call of duty and was very much appreciated, as I travel frequently and must deal with 'crises' as they occur.  Vic was patient and efficient as he installed all of the new components and left the site as clean as he found it.  This was extraordinary customer service.  Look no further for your installation needs--I highly recommend Vic and Mobile Masters.
5	We called Vic to come and set up your surround sound system, he did a fabulous job, even to connecting an ancient VCR to the system.  We were very impressed and would definitely call him again for any other Audio/video set up we might require.
5	I am really pleased with the work Vic did installing key less/remote entry for my car a few months back. Pretty straightforward dude. He quoted me a price on parts and labor and explained that I could provide my own parts and told me where I could buy them if I wanted to save on the over all cost. I took a chance and trusted the reviews and am really pleased. The quality of his work is excellent too, very neat and clean. He took his time, and there were no surprise charges or issues.
5	Vic Orlando is a sexy mother fucker!! hes extremely talented. i wish the guy would close this company down and work for me!!
5	Vic took care of my car stereo needs quickly and did it right the first time! I would recommend his service to anyone who has car or home installation needs! You're AWESOME, thank you Vic!
5	Yelpers!!  This is the place!!!  Bought six Sonos Units for my Home.  Each room in my Home plays it's own special song... Thanks to Vic.  The coolest set up ever.  This took Vic about two hours.  He then proceeded to teach me how to use these wonderful Units!  I can even turn my TV on with my cell phone through Sonos and choose each song played in each room on my cell through Sonos.  Vic is Brilliant and totally gifted!  A musician by trade, who has a gift for all he offers on his web page.  Nice, thorough and very fair with his prices.  Vic wants you totally happy and educated on what you have.  If I could give Vic 10 Stars, I would.  This is the one!  No gimmicks, just outstanding service!  Thank you Vic!!
5	Best in the business! Vic was very professional and did a great job with a very difficult install! Thanks Vic and Mobile Masters!!
5	Vic did a great job hooking up our existing home surround system. He even came back to connect our amp that we ended up adding to our receiver and subwoofer. Now it's like we got a mini home theatre! Thanks.
5	Vic recently replaced my girlfriends car stereo, she's very happy. The quality of Vic's work is unmatched. He is indeed the very best. I'm lucky to have found him!
