5	This place is great! The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is nice. I went in for a trim and came out with tips and advice for my hair, and the prices are good. I am definitely going to be a Rock-A-Do regular now. :)
5	Have been here twice for a haircut and I'm thrilled to say I have found a great place and a great stylist, Lacey!   I am so happy that someone finally knows how to cut my hair. Give them a try, you won't be disappointed!
5	jjesus always hooks it up on the hair cuts and gave me the style that got me out of the friend zone
5	I was searching for a new hair stylist. Got my hair cut and colored and my eyebrows done! Fabulous Blanca Rocks!!!!!! Customer service is awesome Very nice Salon. They know what they are doing. Prices are also fair all my services for under $100.00
5	I have been going to Rock-A-Do for the last two years. I have not let anyone else cut my hair since then! They are the friendliest, nicest and most welcoming hair studio in Vegas. I recommend Blanca and Jesus. I bring my whole family here and no where else. Highly Recommended place and I love it.
1	This place doesn't even deserve one star. I only selected one star because I had to in order to complete this post. The staff didn't greet us as we walked in nor have us any indication as to how long the wait would be. Thy are far from personable and have absolutely so PR skills. We waited for a half an hour and felt as if we weren't welcome there or they didn't care about our business.
5	I love this place! The Staff knows what they are doing! and I love the decor they have! The prices are great, and they really know what they are doing! I don't think i'm going to be going any where else to get my hair done but here! Completely recommened that you visit this place at least once,and you'll see how great they are!!!
5	I was so worried moving to a new city and having a new hair dresser in the last 4 years, but Blanca is the best!!! And my hair is long almost to waist and thick and another salon quoted me $65 for wash, cut, dry, and style and rock a do charged me $35!!!!! Love them and will be going here on a regular!
5	I needed an up-do in a pinch, they were able to squeeze me in within an hour! They saved the night and I was stunning with my amazing victory roll up-do :) I'll be back for sure! They're also hiring stylists right now so if you're a stylist and need a job, this is an awesome salon!!
5	Blanca is the best :) my first time going to Rock A Do she cut my hair the way I wanted I'm so happy with my new look I will be comeing back :) thanks Blanca
5	I found Blanca via yelp when I first moved here for my Mom. We were new to Vegas and I was so used to having Yelp's help with finding good hair people..Problem is this towns salons lack QUANITY reviews but Blanca had quality so I sent my Mom in as a our tester.. I AM SO THANKFUL I did. Blanca not only has done a excellent job on my Mothers hair. She is now our go to for the whole family.     I am the Mother of  Bi- Racial children who were blessed with a unique type of hair. Not the typical small curls but ALOT of poof and blonde under tones so my son's hair looks TERRIBLE if it is put into a fade. Upon hearing about the horror stories I encountered when first arriving here Blanca was able to tell us EXACTLY what to do with his hair. She did a WONDERFUL job and she is GREAT with kids.     Now as far as my hair goes.. I HAVE THICK HORSE STYLE HAIR. I have wanted highlights for so long but nobody has EVER been able to get it right until Blanca. Not only that but she did Low lights too and does AMAZING STYLING. BEST YET SHES FRIENDLY and LISTENS and she is Affordable. Please if you are looking for someone you can trust that is loyal to her clients and knows her craft give her a try. Keep in mind her QUALITY never is Compromised so sometimes you may have to wait a bit if a appointment runs over but its WORTH THE WAIT!!!!! Everyone else in the shop seems friendly and awesome too.. No complaints.. I am so BLESSED to finally have found a Salon I TRUST
5	I had recently moved to the North side of town and wanted to get my hair cut back to how I had it before moving to Vegas in general. I went onto yelp this morning to find a place nearby and came across Blanca. To be honest when I walked in I felt out of place but after a few minutes I became more comfortable. She listened to what I had to say and she did an excellent job compared to how I had it back in Cali! I will definitely bring going back to her when the time comes! The prices are great and the atmosphere wonderful!
5	I'm in love with the new guy Ricky. He did awesome job on my babes hair and the prices are awesome.  I will definitely be telling my friends.
2	I had made an appointment for 9:30 am with Jesus. I show up around 9:20. Was greeted by him, he confirmed with me about my appointment and what I needed to be done (simple wash and trim). Mind you there was already someone in his chair, let's call him mark, so I'm thinking okay this guy must've gotten here earlier. So after 30 minutes (9:50 am) he finishes the guys cut and cashes him out. So of course I assume I will be next since it was already past my appointment time. Not the case. He then took "mark's" friend into his chair and started to cut his hair. I only assumed that these were regulars or family members by the way they were speaking. 10 minutes go by and he looks over in the waiting room, at this point I'm staring right at him, like hello!! He then speaks to another guy sitting on the couch nests to me and says "you need one too right?" And the guy says yes. So he planned on cutting all those dudes hair before me. I was so irritated that I just got up and left, at that time it was 10:10 am. What's the point of making an appointment if they're not going to take you at or around that time?! He could've at least said something like "hey sorry but these guys were here before" or anything really would've made me be more understandable!!
5	Blanca is amazing!! She really listens and is super sweet!! My cut, and color are so beautiful!! Hands down the best cut and color since moving to Vegas!!
5	Had a walk in and Blanca was my stylist. Asked to cut off all my hair and she did exactly what I asked for.  So happy with my cut. And she gave me great color recommendations, because I was a walk in there wasNo timeTo color. Would defiantly recommend her to all ladies. And seriously for only 25 bucks for a cut, and I had a lotOf hair! Such a deal!  Thank you Blanca!
5	Blanca is my hairstylist every time!! She know how to do anything I ask, and really takes care of me. I have extremely long hair right to my waist and she always layers it perfectly. I also trust her with coloring my hair. She mixed the exact color I wanted and it turned out perfectly. Also with my hair being so long other salons want almost twice as much money to do what I want. They are professional, friendly, and cost effective here!!! Love them!
5	I was recommend by my boyfriend since Blanca has cut his hair plenty times before. This was my first time cutting my hair with her so I was excited. I was a bit nervous since my hair was super long and I was going super short; she was friendly and professional, she made me feel comfortable. When I showed her the picture of the haircut I wanted, she took less then a minute to look at it so it made me nervous that she had not seen the details and I wouldn't be getting the haircut I been wanting - I was never facing the mirror so It was exciting and nerve wrecking all at once. Once she was done, my first glance at my reflection I fell in love with my hair! It was quickly done too which was awesome, I love my hair and I will be coming back to Blanca for my touch ups :)
5	Great barbershop and salon. Always get my haircut here. Good side parts and bald fades.
