5	Went to this location today and the service was wonderful. Friendly, talkative staff and a great drink. I'll definitely be back, even though it's out of the way for me.
5	My boyfriend took me to Dutch Bros for the first time tonight. I got hot chocolate, and it was incredible. There were three employees working at the time, who were all extremely friendly. 100% recommend this place to everyone!
5	What a friendly staff! I love how they asked us what we are up to today. Starting a conversation while waiting for our coffee, plus our wait was not that long. Now that's an excellent service! It's my first time here, the kicker was a hit! I love how it's not too sweet. We also got the strawberry smoothie which is really good too, I think they put real fruit in it. (Ill ask next time). I've tried the Starbucks kind but it was way too sweet for me. I'm not a big fan of the caramelizer though, again because it was too sweet. It's ok it's my time. If you live in Gilbert, they mailed out some coupons last month because they have a new location. My boyfriend could have spent $13 but he paid $7 with a dollar tip.
5	I am a fan of Dutch in the first place. This one happens to be the closest to home for me. The staff is always happy and helpful. The coffee is always flavored well and fast. You must try this Oregon grown place of happiness.
5	I have been meaning to try Dutch Bros. for some time and was excited when this location opened so close to my house. I hadn't stopped yet because the line of cars is always very long and I didn't want to have to wait forever for a cup of coffee that I wasn't sure I'd like having never been to a Dutch Bros. before. I was pleasantly surprised to find that while I was in line a guy was running outside to all the cars to get orders ahead of time to cut down time we had to spend in line, when I told him I hadn't been there before he said he would run in to grab a paper menu. (He didn't end up bringing one but the line was moving so fast that by the time he came back out I was already at the menu at the drive through)I ordered the Caramelizer with an extra shot. The extra shot balanced out the sweetness otherwise I think it might have been just a tad too sweet, next time I'll just order it with one less pump of flavor or something. The lady that took my order at the window was very friendly and when I mentioned that I had never been there before she gave me a stamp card that was fully stamped with the exception of one stamp and a bunch of coupons. I will absolutely be returning here. The coffee and service was delightful, not to mention the icing on the cake - my coffee with an extra shot was still about a dollar less than the usual coffee I get from Starbucks!
5	Yay for coffee..this place is awesome easy as that. Just try it. Everyone is super cool too
4	Every morning I wake up excited to get a taste of my Dutch brothers Irish kicker coffee drink. With St. Patricks day just around the corner it's a must have. Not to mention the best customer service I have ever had. They have your drink ready for you before you get to the window. As a busy mom that's a plus. I recommend starting your day with their comforting coffee and excellent service.
5	MY FAVE LOCATION! always super friendly and helpful! plus they make the best drinks :) Always fast and they even let you try it before taking off and not liking it!
5	Everyone who works in food service, retail or customer service should be required to frequent Dutch Bros on a regular basis. HR professionals should have to study their hiring practices. They are the platinum level. I've never had a poor experience at any location. This one is the newest location nearest to my home and it's just as good as any of the others. In fact I often go just for the pick-me-up and positive interaction that I know I'll get at the window.And the coffee is delicious too!If you order just a coffee, it's made as an Americano with espresso and hot water. DELICIOUS! Far more delicious and far better pricing than any other specialty coffee house. Most DB location are just drive-thru with some outside seating, so you wouldn't go to hang out in a cafe, but it's a far better experience and far better coffee than any of the other local cafes including the one who shall not be named..."S*****cks.
5	There is a reason everyone gives this place 5 stars and its not just for the coffee. Their staff is the nicest freaking people in any establishment ive visited in a loooonngg time. The first time I went made me return and now my second time returning I damn sure will make it a point to visit them wherever I can find them. I haven't seen this place in my home town "south Florida" so lets get on the ball. Now for the coffee, its great love the stuff. Some things ive tried were a tad bit to sweet but the coffee it self is perfect. Bomb.com
5	Where should I start??? Music blaring, baristas dancing, jolly, always upbeat! I gave up my Starbucks coffee a looong time ago even before Dutch Bros. got closer to my house..There's nothing fantastic about Starbucks, you can taste the commercialization with every sip you take! I typically drink tea but occasionally I will get a hankering for an iced, creamy coffee (especially today when I need the coffee buzz)..So I decide to go out of my comfort zone and seek out a place that does cold brew (supposed to be healthier and blah blah). I go to a place down the street (review up next), and order an cold brew coffee. Long story short it was like drinking ice water with vanilla/caramel syrup through a straw. I immediately drove to Dutch Bros. to get my fix and had to share with the barista how I had cheated and would never do it again. Dude gave me a free coffee! Who does that??? Dutch Bros., that's who! I loved them before that but just adore them now. You can go there in a bad mood and instantly get lifted...their energy is contagious! Ingredients are true, and everything I have tried, I've loved. Sometimes the line can get long (which attests to their product) but they have someone hustling taking orders outside and its moves super quick!
3	I love Dutch bros!!! I like my Irish Kicker and the fast service.  I can do without having a conversation with a person that went from an "all night rave directly to work" (and that doesn't go for all staff...just the annoying ones) just way too fake.
5	Love Dutch Bros!! Can't go wrong with any flavor and service is great, always with a smile!
5	I'm really glad I came here before taking off to California cause my little cousin kept taking about how good this place is. Even though they were swamped with huge lines, the staff was so friendly and helpful.I got the Annihilator and WOW!! It was dreamy.... I also got the Carmelizer for my cuz who loves sweets  and it was prefect for her. Then The kicker for my aunt who enjoyed it. I love mine! So creamy and caffeinated :) (The Annihilator)Again, Dutch Bros staff at this location, you guys are doing a terrific job at being awesome so thank you very much for making my morning!
5	Sometimes, even when I'm not thirsty, I drive thru my local Dutch brothers just to restore my faith in humanity. Everyone there is all smiles and gives off an incredible amount of positive energy. The ice tea, and attention for even my 4 year old son is what brings me back. Well done, Dutch Bros!
5	Jazmine and her team are consistently friendly and always remember what my kids and I order. They also remember all if our names. Service is phenomenal and you can't beat the great attitudes. Love the staff oh and the coffee IS THE BEST!!! You all rock!!
5	Nice quick drive-through with good coffee. They're always fast and friendly and earn their tips!
5	Service is absolutely amazing. Friendly staff and delicious coffee make for an excellent way to start the day.
5	A fun coffee stop! These folks are serious about getting you coffee quickly in a fun way! Prices are great,  but they are popular in the morning,  so it might be a long line... but the typically have a runner come and get your order so it's ready when you get to the window. Great coffee, great service, great idea!!!
5	Love this Dutch bros. The whole team is always out going and brew the coffee perfect each time.
4	Great place! They were backed up and came out to the car to take our order. However they brought no menus (sad face) then I felt bad because I couldn't order properly. Love that they had car service but bring menus out!!!
5	Stopped by this spot on a Saturday night and had top notch service! Super friendly staff
5	Iced mochas are the BEST! Kids love the chocolate milk with whip cream on the straws.... Awesome staff, super friendly and they just get it! Love this place.
5	My favorite Dutch Bros. The staff is friendly and their smiles actually seem genuine. That's the whole point of the friendliness of Dutch Bros, right? To help you have a better day and want to come back and get more  and more caffeinated. It probably doesn't hurt that this is a newer location. I'm not a fan of how the drive thru is setup but that's easily forgiven by the super cool building design and set up at this particular location.
