5	So far loving it here. I moved in a few weeks ago and have been very impressed with the cleanliness of not only the facilities but the grounds. Only recommendation would be to get an upstairs apartment since the kids above me are very loud and stomp a lot which can get very annoying very quickly. Overall there is a large range of age-groups that live here and everyone is friendly. I have never felt un-safe living here. Some beautiful views of the strip as well!
3	It's a nice neighborhood and great floor plans but yikes when it comes to maintenance. During this last winter the a/c wouldn't stop running. I'm talking about we were at about 68degrees inside and we had the a/c up to 80 it would not stop, not even turning it off would stop it. We called maintenance, the guy showed up and said it was the night light below  the thermostat that was causing it to run. It was an LED light so no heat. He just wiggled it a bit and called it a day. We went out and bought a digital thermostat stopped the problem right away. Our toilet was clogged and a dumb kid shows up with a snake drain cleaner pulls the stuff clogging it and dumps it on the floor and leaves. In this process the toilet is scratched to hell now. So many other things. The walls are very thin so I hope if you move here you have quite neighbors. Oh also the the first power bill we got was over $200. We are in a 1 bedroom up stairs. So good luck with that!
4	I really loved living here! My apartment was really clean , the appliances were almost new, my neighbors were friendly and I really liked that the complex was secured at night by gates. Great location to restaurants, the gym and easy access to the highway and the rent was affordable.
5	I love it here!! Me and my man just got our first apartment together and we went and searched a couple other complexes before we even found this one and it has been amazing. The girl we talked to in the office her name was tabatha and she was totally awesome! She helped work with us and help us out with so much and like I said this was our first apartment so what the hell do we know? But everything got taken care of and the vibe here is awesome we have our privacy we have more then enough space in our 1 bedroom apartment lol the location is perfect! We are next the 215/ and the 95 close to my work close to csn for both me and my man. And were 10 minutes away from our parents (not to close not to far) :D for us I don't think we could have done better on a location also the convenience of everything around too is awesome
