4	Cosy, particularly last night now that the autumnal temperatures seem to be here, and friendly bar that to my mind only lacked a couple of decent ales in order to boost it's profile. Having now eaten here (July 2010) I'm more than happy to award it another star having experienced speedy and friendly service as well as very much enjoying my hake with salad.
4	Wholesome, hearty  food with a homely feel.  Think of the Compass' offerings as your mum's feel good grub with a professional guise.Walking past the window of the Compass, I caught a glimpse of the chef slicing a big crusty bread loaf on a rustic wooden slab, slices of what looked like Brie and a bunch of fresh herbs nestled at the side.   That image convinced me to dine there with little consideration and I was not let down.Inside you'll find a typical up market pub interior: stone walls, wooden tables and slouch worthy chairs. What sets this place apart is food. I tried a braised duck leg with a spicy potato stew - top quality stuff and under ten pounds too.
3	This is a nice, laidback, local establishment in Leith, which is good for some decent food and a few bevs. The red decor and brick wall beside the bar make this an attractive wee place, which feels pretty spacious and beams in lots of light. There's the traditional wooden chairs and tables thing going on, no sofas about, which makes it slightly more of a restaurant where you have to sit up straight at the table, rather than a pub and restaurant where you can lean back a bit more in comfier seating, and chill with both food and drinks.It always seems to be busy here, and it is definitely really popular with the locals. The menu is really reasonably priced too, so this is a worthwhile stop if you're drinking or eating in the Leith area.
3	Really nice food, but had to wait absolutely ages for it. This is a bit of a problem when you're on a one hour lunch break and really need to eat in that time. When the food finally arrived, it tasted wonderful and that just about made up for the wait, until I realised I had to scoop it in about fifteen seconds. Boo! I went for the veggie tart with tattie salad - it's one to go for if you have more time on your hands.I think there's a decent selection of beer, but as I was on lunch the booze was out of bounds. I liked the atmosphere and decor of the place though, and the guys behind the bar were pleasant and fun.
2	Compass is somewhere I've walked past often, but never been inside - until the King's Wark was fully booked and we were in need of some food Leith style.We had a booking, but a fairly rubbish table at the back next to the loos - woo... Wines were on the slightly dearer side, and food was averagely priced. It was however pretty disappointing, with my steak pie consisting of a stew of dry beef and a slab of blackened pastry on top - this is NOT A PIE. Chips were a bit meh too. Cullen Skink looked nice mind.Service wasn't as slow as some other reviews have suggested, but was a bit sloppy (such as having to ask for a spoon for the soup). Oh and the wine had already been opened before being brought to the table, which you shouldn't do.It's not an awful restaurant, but there's a wealth of choice down by the Shore that you'd be better off spending your money at.
