4	How many 24 hour mexican fast food places does one town need? Apparently Vegas did not have enough, because a brand spanking new Roberto's recently opened up pretty close to my work.There is another Roberto's even closer to my work that has been open for quite some time... But my coworkers and I have all agreed, this location on Rainbow is worth driving an extra block. It is clean and spacious. The price is right. I am a fan!
4	The roomie and I had a late night taco craving,.and finally found this place in a gas station..of all places. Lol. They give great portion sizes.I got the adobada n the carnitas taco. I wanted lengua but they ran out :( bummers next time I guess. Anyways the guys were really nice. The food was great n our cravings were satisfied.  Plus u can get gas at the same time!!! Bonus!!!
5	There are few Roberto shops that make FRESH carne asada fries... and this one amongst the few. If you like your hot food hot, this is the place to go!Oh.. And this location is also very clean compared to the other Roberto's!
5	This location took over the terrible failure that used to be Amigo's Tacos, and I must say, what an improvement! The food is always made fresh when I order it. I usually visit during the 7-9pm time frame, which is a plus that they don't serve you something that's been sitting there all day. Carne Asada Fries are delicious. Reminds me of the Mexican food joints in East Los Angeles. Oh, I almost forgot to mention... these guys do know English, which is always a plus when asking questions with words other than those on the menu.
4	I have been coming to Roberto's for a while but I felt as if I had to write a review today for this one. I am a huge fan of California burritos and some of the Roberto's have been changing up their style. Not this one, had the french fries and all, I will definitly be making special trips to get them!
4	Delicioso!!
4	Great place for that late night craving for great Mexican food! Definitely recommend this place to the bean and cheese burrito lovers as well as the carne asada fries! I'd choose this robertos over other ones because they have the thing crispy fries that blend well with all the trimmings.
5	I love this Roberto's! Nice, super fast, delicious food and the restaurant is always spotless, even when there's a line out the door. The service is great, the food portions are generous for the price you pay and being able to grab-and-go is very convenient here.
5	Definitely best staff nd service one this side of town ! California burritos are amazing
4	I've been to this location a couple times, but I don't normally seek out Roberto's since I rarely visit Mexican fast food joints and if I do, I prefer Faustos. My recent visit was based on convenience and I thought I'd give it a whirl again to compare. I have been on an Al Pastor kick for the last couple months, so I immediately began searching for my favorite pork. Since I couldn't find it on the menu, I saw "marinated pork" and asked to verify. When I asked the cashier if they offered Al Pastor, she responded, "Yes" and directed me to the Adobada. So, I ordered an Adobada burrito for myself and Adobada Nachos to share with my friend.As it turns out, Al Pastor and Adobada are NOT the same thing. Al Pastor is pork marinated in dried chiles, spices and pineapple, then roasted on the vertical spit. Adobada is generally pork marinated in a "red" chilli sauce with vinegar and oregano. Adobada can refer to any type of marinated pork, so people can technically claim it is the same as Al Pastor, however, the vinegar in Adoba sauce and preparation of Al Pastor makes a big difference in flavor. Who knows if Faustos serves real Al Pastor when it could just be Adobada (the possible absence of the vertical spit)? Either way, Roberto's Adobada does taste different from other Al Pastor I've had in town. I concluded it was not different in a bad way, but rather just good in its own way. The flavor was great! I really enjoyed it with the nachos (I think I may prefer their nachos to Faustos, slightly). The burrito was good as well, but I was surprised that it was accompanied by just pico de gallo and guacamole. However, I don't order burritos often, so this may well be the norm. Their tortilla was yummy and I loved the crust they put on it from the flattop. My verdict is that Roberto's is good in its own way in comparison to Faustos. I like Al Pastor slightly more than Adobada, so that may be the deciding factor of where I choose to go. Oh, I did enjoy the salsa bar here much better because of the additional fresh vegetable choices!
4	Not every Roberto's has chicken asada but this one does. Best chicken asada french fries! Good for sharing.
5	Very good!  I had the Carne asada fries, and Carne asada taco,  and my daughter had a cheese quesadilla.  Muy delicioso!  Roberto's is officially my go to Mexican food spot.  Service was fast, food was good, and it's open 24 hours.  Doesn't get better than that!
5	Love the late night midweek cook here.  The cleanliest Roberto's I've been to EVER.  I always tip them here because they work hard, understand English & they are always pleasant people at the counter.  Give them a smile & they smile back. I hate when I smile & I get death stare. That's what keeps us coming back.You can tell a lot from an establishment when the employees are cleanly, cheerful & don't mind if you want more.  They're happy to be working and they remind me of myself when I started out in the fast food industry.  I feel like they go above & beyond, as I did for my regulars. You show me respect I give it back, plus a tip. :D  Probably the cleanliest fast food place I've ever been to. During the afternoon is the best time to go.My Boyfriend usually gets Carne Asada Quesadilla only cheese.  I have a moderate allergy to Wheat so I grab the Carne Asada Cheese fries, only refried beans, steak and cheese.  I hate the avocado, pico de gallo & sour cream. It makes the fries soggy. yuck.Those of you that don't tip shame on you. :( Whip out your phone calulator & take the Total multiply by .15
2	Good food but terrible service. Wish their service was way better. Would only go if I had to because it's 24/7 and didn't care about service.
5	Good  place  very clean employees are awesome . Place its big and look nice . I been there a many  times and never had any poblems with anything . Breakfast burito are the  best !
5	.99 cent chicken tacos on Wednesdays.  You cannot go wrong. Condiment bar is fresh and full. I would visit again
