1	Dry/Reheated:  I kid you not I walked in after the lunch rush and ordered a few slices of pepperoni pizza, the guy (without washing his hands after taking the money) walks to some left over lunch cheese pizza sitting on a counter tosses some pepperoni on it and chucks it back into the oven.  This pizza looked like it had been out for a few hours and it tasted like it did too (yes I bit into it against my basic instinct...I was hungry!).  Needless to say I didn't finish it, the two men at the front counter were not at all friendly in any way and I felt like I was interrupting break-time when I ordered my slice.  I didn't feel "Italian" anything from this restaurant setting or menu.
5	Great original pizza and can't forget the wings (order with extra sauce), a local favorite!  Just an FYI A&M Pizza located in Eloy, Az and Gila Bend, Az are the original, original pizza... now you learned something!!!
3	If you are in Casa Grande I don't know if you will find a better pizza place.However, if comparing it to other pizza restaurants. It lacks that certain something.The staff was mediocre. The pizza and pizza sauce was really tasty. The calzone was HUGE. It was decent in taste. Nothing to write home about.
3	Let's be honest for Casa Grande they are not that bad. What are the other choices do we really have Peter Piper or Domino's which are both GROSS!?! Their bread's are really good, as most of their dishes are. My kids really like their pizza I usually get a pasta dish or a sandwich which is better than the rest of the so called pizza places in town. The people are always friendly to me also!
5	Yes the decor is dated but clean and comfortable. The staff there in the evening are nice and attentive. And after having tried every pizza place in town, I would rate this as the best pizza in Casa Grande hands down.
1	Don't come here for pizza. I looked at reviews to find a pizza place in Casa Grande to get a slice or personal pizza and thought that this place wouldn't be bad based on reviews. I was wrong.I ordered a sausage and mushroom pizza. The pizza barely had any cheese on it in the first place, but neither the sausage nor the mushrooms were actually baked INTO the pizza. It was obvious that they had pre-made cheese slices that they warmed up on the stove top and just sprinkled the ingredients on. The crust was a decent thin crust, but the mushrooms were greasy and rubbery, the taste of the sausage was indescribable and gross (seriously, if you insist on getting pizza here, don't get the sausage).
4	Moved to a  new location much nicer building next to the Gym/Place (formally Feli's)
3	Pizza is good.  Stay away from what they call cheese fries.  It is basically a basket of curly fries with two pieces of mozzarella cheese or maybe provolone, couldn't tell, melted on it.  pick up one fry and you get all of the cheese.  Really a poor idea.  The wings were ok and the pizza was good.  Will probably go back, minus the fries.
2	I didn't feel that good spending my money here food was ok but the customer service not that great
3	You decide. They have 16 tables and one waitress. Wait time for the waitress was reasonable. Wait time for two orders of lasagna was 35 minutes. Lasagna was good. Salad consisted of fresh lettuce, onions, olives and one sliced cherry tomato. Few dressing choices. I would rate this place as nothing special. It would be a good place to go when all other choices are full.
