4	Une belle surprise. Vraiment. Bon service. J'aime beaucoup la pizza Damman. J'y retourne
4	this pizzeria is the latest venture of the impasto team because having more option on italian pizza is never a bad thing! GEMA is the initials of their kids. the more you know!i have no idea about the dining experience as i've never really have time for a sit down meal and they opened just recently so, have to let them work out the kinks. i did get to sample one of their pizza on the free pizza day they had before opening.the margherita i got was pretty good. thin crust, simple tomato sauce, mozzarella and basil, its hard to mess that up. wished they gave me more basil though. one per slice is not enough!besides pizza and entrees that are not pizza, they have frozen custard hence cremerie in the name. yes, they do soft serve! you can get it as dessert or there's the takeout window on the side where you can get pizza as well. freaking ingenious on their part.you have a choice between cone or cup. if you get a cup, you can get toppings. a choice of vanilla, belgian chocolate or a swirl as the base. i got myself a big swirl in a cup with baci crumble and roasted salted nuts as toppings. as for toppings, you have a choice between baci crumble, roasted salted nuts, chocolate sauce, butterscotch sauce, fruit coulis and amarena (which is confit cherries). i asked the lovely lady manning the takeout window about how many toppings one can put, she said you can put all of it if you choose so. you know i will next time!the frozen custard is pretty good! its thicker than most soft serve out there but pretty tasty in flavor even though the rather simple flavor profile. the toppings i got are pretty good too. added some crunch and more flavor to it.too bad there's no dip. maybe they'll consider offering dips down the road.price wise, if you factor tax in, it's a bit pricey (for their frozen custard cup). as for pizzas, its around 12-15 bucks which is decently priced. add in the wine, entrees and dessert, it's definitely over the $30 threshold.opening hours suck though! closed sunday and monday, opens in the evening the rest of the week and have lunch hour thursday to saturday only.
5	Ever since Stefano Faita and Michele Forgione of Impasto announced their second project would be a pizzeria, I have been eagerly anticipating its opening. The level of craft showed from them at Impasto left me no doubts that their approach of pizza would worth the wait. Each instagram post from Chef Forgione of his test runs made me more and more excited as we saw the level of perfectionism in its purest form. This pizza would be no slouch. Finally, at long last, I could find out for myself. Pizzeria Gema opened up last month just across the street from Impasto in the heart of Little Italy making the corner of Dante and St-Dominique an happening culinary corner.Gema itself is a relatively small restaurant - all of about 40 seats probably and they don't take reservations, so you may have to wait to get in. In our case, we waited about 30 minutes. The nice part is that they will take your phone number down and call you so you can go from a walk or grab a drink elsewhere in the meantime. If you prefer, there is a takeout window on the side where you order a pizza to-go or some frozen custard. The interior is sparse but clean - old wood panels on the wall, aged hardwood on the floors with a weird light "tree" in the middle of the room adding some color to the space. The other focus point is the bar with its marble countertop although I got a good laugh that the bar chairs are the same Ikea ones I have in my apartment. The space isn't a looker like its neighbour Impasto but that's not an issue for me.The menu is small and concise. A few entrees, 8 or so pizza options and some frozen custard for dessert. As a starter, we went with the fried calamari. A nice portion of fresh calamari with a good crunch to them. They are served with a couple of lemon wedges, no mayo because they don't need any sauce to enhance flavour. The calamari have plenty of flavours all by themselves.On the pizza side, we got 2 pizzas to enjoy. The first one was their basic "1889" margarita pizza with tomato sauce, fior di latte and fresh basil. The second one, because I am a huge meat-lovers fan, was the Giovanni Deluxe - tomato sauce, zampina, pepperoni, porchetta and lardo. Boy, did these pizzas not disappoint.... the pizza crust is just insane. Ridiculous. Whatever positive superlative you want to use applies to this dough. A nice crisp seer on the exterior without a single burnt spot to be seen.... and completely soft and moist inside. This level of dough mastery deserves the highest praise. Props to you Chef.And we haven't even gotten to the toppings yet. The classic margherita was excellent - the tomato sauce was tangy, the cheese creamy and rich, the basil brought that freshness and the overall ratio on the pizza was excellent - none of the ingredients were too present or not present enough. As for the Giovanni deluxe: house made pepperoni, the porchetta from Impasto, zampina, lardo.... this pizza had me from the description. Great combo of fatty rich meats on top of the base margherita. Simply heavenly. I just wished it had been bigger so I could enjoy it some more.Whatever you do however, make sure that you have room left for dessert because Gema has frozen custard... not ice cream but custard. The difference comes in terms of a richer, creamier texture which personally bought to mind a creamy version of Dairy Cream which hit childhood nostalgia for me every time. Gema has chocolate or vanilla so of course, we went with a twist of the two. There is also a handful of topping options - we went with crumbled baci, mixed nuts and butterscotch sauce. A perfect dessert for a pizzeria.Once again, Chefs Faita and Forgione hit it out of the park. Gema is a wonderful addition to the pizza scene in Montreal and for me, is currently the champion hands down. That crust means business. If they offered delivery to the McGill Ghetto, I would seriously be a weekly caller. At present, I will definitely be a regular visitor because they are other topping combinations I need to try and that pizza is too good to pass up for too long. Cheers!
4	Location: Little Italy - on Dante, east of St. Laurent. It's also right across the street from Impasto! The closest subways are Jean-Talon and de Castelnau. Street parking is available and usually easy to find if you dine early. The place: Small and intimate, lots of wood, a cool bar. I liked the space a lot. It's more casual than Impasto.The food: If the name hasn't given it away already, this is a pizza joint, and therefore, you go for the pizza - un point, c'est tout.  Forgione offers up a few different varieties of pizza - not too many so that you feel overwhelmed and not so few that you feel like there aren't enough choices. We started with an order of suppli that were on par with those I had in Italy. These were delicious and you could really taste the cheese, which was of a smokey variety (I forget the name). Now for the pizza: My pick was the pizza of the month - they had me at pistachio pesto and home-made mortadella. The scent of the meat wafting into my nostrils practically had me salivating before the waiter set my plate down on the table. I couldn't wait to dig in! Unlike some of the other reviews, my pizza didn't lack in toppings; the surface of the pizza was covered with mortadella, had the right amount of pesto and not too much cheese (how I like it). The crust was fresh and thin, and the overall pizza was absolutely delicious. I would definitely have this again. My date had the Bari - tomato sauce, Zampina sausage, rapini, cheese. Now, her pizza was looking a little bare and it definitely could have used more sausage. Flavor-wise, it was good but not as tasty as mine. I should mention that Gema make their own pepperoni and sausage as well as the mortadella, and it shows (or tastes, in this case).The waiter basically hustled us into getting the frozen custard for dessert. No idea if they were other dessert options because he kept ignoring my request to see the menu. After boasting that Gema was the only place in town with frozen custard, blah blah blah, I finally just ordered the damn thing. Both my date and I shared the same thought - this tastes exactly like ice cream. So when my date pointed this out to the waiter, he replied 'well it's ice cream!' OK, so which is it? Custard or ice cream? Anyway, I don't normally order ice cream for dessert because frankly, it's ordinary and I can have that anywhere, anytime. The home-made Baci that topped the custard/ice cream/frozen thing was great. Service: I'm on the fence here. We were seated quickly and were well attended to - our water was topped up regularly and the wait staff checked on us regularly. However our waiter, though very good at his job, gave off a little attitude that just occasionally rubbed us the wrong way. Not enough to dock stars, however. Overall, the service was good.Price point: Wine, shared appy, pizza, custard/ice cream/frozen thing + macchiato ran me $37.
5	3 service lunch is $21 and crazy delicious, which is why there was a lineup of people at 11:57 on a sunny Thursday afternoon at this beautiful corner in Little Italy waiting for the restaurant to open at noon.  It's a beautiful room with friendly charming service and awesome cocktails. We shared the Jean Talon Market salad of the day, which was mostly bright beautiful delicate beets with a scoop of homemade ricotta so good we were moaning with an awkward intensity, but so were most people around us so it was cool. We had two pizzas, the Impasto and the Gema version of the classic Margherita. The crust is the best in town, so there's that. It's buttery and light and crispy and everything good. The Impasto has these fresh hot still crispy red peppers, and thin garlicky slices of pork. I don't know what else to say about the pizzas, it makes me emotional, just go get some. Third we had the frozen custard, creamy and light and drizzled in caramel sauce. Full five stars, crazy good, what else can I say.
5	I love pizza! And I loved the pizza here!!! This is a tiny little place that does not take reservations, so show up early (before 6) otherwise you'll be standing in a crowded little space, having to watch the seated diners enjoy their delicious meals! The pizza, as i mentioned, was excellent, as was the calamari and the salad. The frozen custard was good too but if someone told me i was eating ice cream, i'd have believed it. Not as custardy as i expected.Go. You'll be happy you did...
5	In my opinion this is simply the best pizza in Montreal. I cannot get enough. The shandy with the lemons is a great drink as well. Finish the meal off with the frozen custard. Excellent food, service and atmosphere. Love this place.?
3	Food is very good. Price is comparable to Bottega, its closest competitor. Service is slow and not very good. Atmosphere is wonderfulI would recommend going here if you want something trendy, tasty and have a lot of time to kill.
