5	The trend to "go green" has been gaining momentum and Satara is the perfect place to go to if you want to morph your family into a green lifestyle. Not only is Satara environmentally friendly, they are friendly people themselves! I've worked with Tyrone a couple of times and he knows his stuff! I can tell he is a genuine supporter of green living. This place offers a wide selection of baby products from organic bedding to green wooden toys. It's a perfect place to go to if you're expecting a baby or already have a baby. A friend of mine who just recently became a mother was freaking out about all the BPA bottle scares and the formaldehyde scares. I referred her to check out this place... They regard safety so highly here, I knew she wouldn't have to think twice when purchasing from Satara. I recently got the PlanToys Dancing Alligator [for my goddaughter -- not me =) ] and it's so cute -- she loves it and I love it. I will definitely be keeping in touch with this place... It's always refreshing to hear about places that don't just sell products, but they actually care about their customers and the environment.
5	OMG, they have the best kids toys.  These aren't the typical toys you find at every other store.  They're all GREEN toys that US made and to last.  I spent over an hour just checking the toys out and ended up picking a few...  They don't just have toys, they have other baby and toddler items as well.  Bedding, carriers, etc...Yelp said they close at 6pm which is false, they close at 9pm weekly.
1	Poor customer service. Both myself and my friend had the shop keepers follow us (separate occasions). I went in ready to spend money and decided that I didn't wish to support bourgeoise holier than thou and went down the way to the toy store where they don't hawk eye you.
1	Ever feel like you're being watched? You will in here. They made me feel like I was trying to steal something! It was the most uncomfortable shopping experience. And they were extremely overpriced compared to other stores around Madison. I also don't want to chit chat with the owners for 30 mins. I want to shop and leave. The owners were annoying!
