4	Lisa is so nice, and this gallery was and is ahead of its time. William Wegman  is not even the best artists here. See work by Luis Jimenez, Mark Klett and RES.
5	This is my favorite gallery in Old Town. Kate C. is right, this gallery is ahead of it's time... especially compared to everything that's going on with Art in Scottsdale.The things I see here leave a mark on me and stay engraved in my memory. Trust me, this is hard to do because every Friday and Saturday night I abuse my poor brain with Vodka. My first visit introduced me to Jessica Joslin. Just google her and you'll see why I never forgot about it. She builds these little creatures out of brass, odd mechanical bits and pieces, and did I mention bones?! I imagine her to be a real freak show, but she is probably disappointingly normal. At least as normal as someone who collects bones for the purpose of art can be. Another exhibit showcasing Chinese contemporary artists left a lasting impression on me. Pieces like Digesting Mao, which consisted of red plates with tiny Mao faces in various stages of consumption and crotchless panties exclaiming 'No War' are odd ball enough to stick around even after you've left.  This gallery is a refreshing oasis in the cowboy themed desert that is Old Town Scottsdale.
4	Good space, largely friendly staff, and certainly a more forward thinking approach than the other places still harboring Native and Folk Art.  Prices were a bit higher than I'd expect for the quality and names they were exhibiting, but they really do seem to have the corner on the market in the genre of progressive modern art.
5	A few years ago I wrote a review recommending Lisa Sette Gallery as one of the best in Scottsdale...now I must revise that to read the best in PHOENIX! LSG recently moved to midtown Phoenix, to an amazing building designed by Al Beadle. Go if only to see the new space, which is broad and low-lying and wrapped in a massive scrim of white fabric that reflects the bright light of the Phoenix sun.Plus, now there's parking!Inside, the space is bigger and better than the Scottsdale location but still a cool, clean, locally-owned gallery and a bastion of sophistication in the desert. I love the way Sette selects her artists among both wunderkind grad students and art-scene luminaries from all over the world. I love how, when interviewed about the move, Sette seemed almost as excited by the bigger kitchen as she did about the incredible new building.The gallery's been in operation for over 25 years, and it's clear Sette knows what she's doing; whether in the dry summer months or in season, LSG can be relied upon to fascinate and enchant. I'm always impressed by how so much of the work I see here can be both exquisitely lovely and, simultaneously, challenging and new. Gallery artists are both established names and emerging stars, and they come from all over (including a healthy representation of contemporary artists working in the Southern Hemisphere). Whether exhibiting local or international artists, somehow Sette always manages to strike the right aesthetic balance, so if you're in the area it's always worth checking out what's on show. It helps, of course, that the gallery staff is competent and personable.In addition to painting/sculpture/installation, Sette represents a remarkable roster of photographers--If you want to check out the photographs documenting James Turell's massive Roden Crater project in northern Arizona, Sette is the place to go. Ditto if you're in the market for some Starn brothers. Or, even, you know, if you want a good recommendation for a local restaurant.
5	This beloved gallery has left the sea of Southwest in Old Town Scottsdale for their new, incredibly hip Midtown digs. Can I just say, I am obsessed? Building designed by Al Beadle. Super cool branding with the new "Hello, Midtown" logo in the entry. Soft light from high windows. It's a great space. I went to the opening and fell in love with a few photos that, coincidentally were also the most affordable thing in the place. Yay, me! I have decided, I haven't made it until I've purchased art from the Lisa Sette Gallery. It's gonna happen one of these days!
