5	i heard about the opening of this restaurant in Old Montreal last week, ( great location in the old port area) i normally do not try out a new restaurant for the first month, allowing them to work out the kinks, the anticpation got the best of me, i went with my wife and her girlfriend. we were greeted and welcomed with a warm smile, the decor is great, open concept, yet very private, thick glass partitions made you feel like you are private dining. yet experiancing the open feeling...not clostrophobic. The decor is modern and  very classy..so, the three of us decided to each try something different so we can share....we started with appetizers, and they were all great, especially the epinades...very flavorful and delicate to the taste.  oh, we started with drinks, my wife had a raspberry mojito...WOW. its was so good. i had my favortite, carparinia, it too was made perfectly..we ordered the rib steak, flank steak and rissoto. we ordered a bottle of argenine red wine, several good selections and reasonably priced. Argentinian cusine is know for the meat and fish...and this was bang on...very well prepared, marinated and perfect to med-rare. you taste the meat...not like other places where you taste the overpowering spices. i did not ask the staff, but i'm sure this menu was created by an argentine master chef. the service staff was attentive. overall, all our sences were well satisfied. we cant wait to go back again....this time...i will wait a few weeks.
5	Went here for our last dinner on a recent trip to Montreal. It was a Monday so the place was pretty quiet - we had walked by it on the previous two nights and it was much more crowded both of those nights - understandable. The restaurant's decor is really cool - that's what mostly drew us to it. There are these really neat vintage lamps all over the restaurant. I've been to my fair share of "hip" NYC restaurants, but this is definitely one of the top 5 coolest restaurants I've been to.Food was amazing, prices were extremely reasonable. We got the hanger steak, pumpkin puree, potatoes with goat cheese, and gnocchi. Each dish was done superbly. Though that was a LOT of food for 2 people, we cleaned our plates! Highly, highly recommend.
2	Was disappointed when the restaurant was DNA and again disappointed with the new concept. Doesn't look like they changed anything from DNA except the menu which makes the atmosphere for an "Argentinian" resto a bit off. It wasnt bad, just very average. The service was friendly, but a bit sloppy. Nothing felt authentic from the decor to the food. The food was alright. I had an octopus appetizer which was the best dish we ate, but have to say they skimped on the octopus and was left with mostly a plate of arugula.Really was hoping to like this place, always love it when a new restaurant pops up in Old Montreal. But I wouldn't recommend it and won't return. There are many better restaurants in the neighborhood. (and that review below of the dining room looking like Frankenstein's lab... Thank you! We were trying to figure out a way to describe it and that is a perfect description!)
1	The decor is amazing but it ends there......The service was brutal, our waiter was a complete moron he couldn't do anything right, he was slow and didn't know what was going on.As for the food it was inexpensive and for a reason, it was bland and not very good, I had a rib eye steak that was small and not very tasty. The dessert was not very good either, it was a lemon square with literally a teaspoon of sobert.Avoid at all cost.
3	Ambience is great with live music (tam tam and piano when I was there), well decorated slightly upscale place. Unfortunately, food was ok, menu items were interesting but taste was a bit disappointing. Overall, worth a shot if you don't expect great food.
5	I'll go on record of saying it; this might possibly be the best steak I've had in Montreal: The ribeye, perched noble and proud was the focal point of the butcher block. Grilled with only sea salt, we were explained that pepper would overpower the subtle intricacies of the cut of meat. Ridiculously tender, we were able to cut through the steak like a screaming hot knife through butter. The skirt steak - a classic gaucho cut of beef - was grilled with salt and pepper then finished with coarse salt. Mixed with its own juices, the salt created a briny sheen to the steak which made it glisten and begged to be devoured. Again, tender and full-bodied, the meat was what I imagined making out with my highschool crush would be like.... messy... messy and delicious.
3	Had a sangwich at their food booth during the jazz fest.This restaurant had a food booth set up at the Place des Arts during the jazz fest--in fact, it was one of the only booths in the area, save for some hot dog/sausage vendors. On consecutive days, had the tasty bavette de boeuf (skirt steak) and saucisse (sausage) sangwiches, both with chimichurri and criolla sauce. Somewhat overpriced at ~$10 CAD for half a sangwich, but I suppose that's to be expected at the jazz fest.Overall, it was a decent place to get a quick bite during the jazz fest--a step up from the average cart vendor, without the obvious wait from sitting down at a brick & mortar.
2	We went for lunch a Saturday at 1:30 PM.The first disappointment was that they do not offer a full lunch menu on weekends, just a limited brunch menu.The next disappointment was bad service, from slow sitting to not offering us bread during the very long wait for our brunch.As for the food, the Monrealese sandwich was quite good but the amount of spicy Dijon made me cry.
5	NEEDS FIVE STARS. Fantastic Argentine food. My highlights were the cocktail list (try the pisco sour!), gispacho, the ribeye, and the interior decorating. Absolutely stunning food to match a stunning restaurant. Magnifico!!!
4	Everything was perfect. The decor, the food and the live band was amazing. Tried a lot of things on the menu and it was delicious. You gotta try their speciality steak it's sooo good. The wine Clos de Los siete 2010 was also delicious and married well the meat. I recommend this place to everyone who loves good food.
5	Review for 95$ 6 course meal with wine:Incredible experience. Food was superb. Wine pairings were excellent and well chosen. Hearing the background of the dishes and the wines, their regions and style added to the experience. My only complaint: it's a lot of wine. Rolled back to my hotel. So that's not really a bad thing right?I'd you are going to do this experience, come with an empty stomach and cab fare
3	This Argentine steakhouse, situated in the former DNA space, has a lounge/bar space as well as a beautiful dining room. The lounge/ bar space utilizes large light fixtures and brick as the main focus points for that area whereas the dining space combines wood, metal and glass with more subtle lighting to create a intime but very striking feel.Now, before I enter into the meal itself, I need to spend a moment discussing a big sticking point from this dinner fwhich was the overall service. Now, I rarely have a issue with service at a restaurant and will generally let minor things go. However, in this case, the meal was almost completely derailed from the start. We made our presence known to the hostess and were told that the table wasn't ready yet. We would need to wait a few moments - no issue there, given the late time of our reservation. After 15 minutes of standing in the entrance way and a few of the other parties waiting around with us getting seating, the same hostress asks us if we had been helped yet. Oh boy.... informed that we had presented ourselves prior, she found out that the party at our table still hasn't paid yet, so she offers us a seat at the dining room bar in the meanwhile.We sit at the bar where none of the dining room staff had been made aware of our situation because we sat for 15 minutes without anyone bothering to come serve us. One of my friends actually got up and went to speak to a waiter so that we could get a drink menu. We finally ordered drinks but we got our table before they came - a full 40 minutes after our original reservation time. Now thankfully the cocktail I had - their signature Diplomatico Old Fashion - was excellent and one I definitely will try to make myself but I had hoped to have it much sooner.Finally at the table, we started with the two appetizers available on the Taste MTL menu. First up, smoked trout glazed with maple, raspberry and arugula. Very simple but well executed dish - the sweetness of the maple mixed well with the bitter arugula and the slight sourness of the raspberries. The 2nd dish was roasted beet, green onion and young goat cheese with roasted garlic oil. Once again, a successful plate - simple but well done. At this point, having had the wine list taken away from us for some reason despite our stated intend to order a bottle, we got it back and ordered a bottle of white. The waiter was surprisingly unable to give us an opinion on the bottle we had in mind but at least was honest enough to admit his lack of knowledge about that particular bottle. We were presented the bottle but told it is warm so the waiter will chill it for us. I like the honesty but why exactly was this bottle of white wine warm in the first place? Again, a very weird and disappointing service instance between our courses.The mains came through next. We ordered both Taste MTL options as well as an extra one off the regular menu. The taste MTL options were pan seared duck filet with grilled orange, fennel &amp; shallot salsa; and a semi-smoked flank steak with buttery potatoes and chimichurri. The duck was excellent - perfectly cooked to the right temperature. The fennel and shallot salsa was delicious and complemented the fatty duck well. The roasted orange also added a nice element. The flank steak was okay - the interior was perfect temp but the exterior was a little too chard which made the meat tougher than it really was. The potatoes were plain but the chimichurri was outstanding.From the main menu, we went with the pan seared Chilean sea bass with a ripe mango, roasted bell pepper &amp; arugula salad. The sea bass was seared well but surprisingly lacking of any punch of flavour. I assume that it is to offset the very flavourful salad which was wonderful. Great use of mango and peppers to add sweetness to the dish.For dessert, we went with the two Taste MTL options - Lemon flatbread and basil sorbet; Sponge cake with cream, dulce de leche and peach - as well as one of the regular menu, the almendrado which is an almond crusted vanilla glace with a dark chocolate syrup and sugar cookie. The flatbread was good but relatively forgotten especially when compared to its companion the sorbet. The basil sorbet was possibly the best thing I had all night. Perfect texture and great balance of flavour - the basil is strong but not overwhelming to taste. The sponge cake dish was solid across the board but not particularly memorable. The almendrado was a very unique take - almost a deconstructed Haagen-Dazs bar - that worked pretty well.Overall, the evening was a mixed bag. I loved the setting and the general ambience of the space - very much the kind of experience I like from the Old Port. The drinks and food were solid as well despite a few minor quips. However, it is hard to overlook the poor service we received throughout the meal. In the end, I would be willing to return because the regular menu interests me enough to give the service another shot.Cheers!
1	Service for 3 course meal (Saturday night):The service was really slow, the quality of the food was poor for the prices listed on the menu.
5	We were a group of 10 and had a wonderful experience here for dinner on a Saturday night. It is a large beautifully designed space in Old Port with a nice atmosphere. Busy but not overcrowded or too loud. The food was delicious, everyone tried different things on the menu and they were all delicious. The table favourites were the octopus terrine, tenderloin, bacon wrapped Cornish hen and the crispy quinoa dish. We also tried a few bottles from their wine selection which wasn't large but our bottles were good. Lastly, our server was so friendly and very attentive. He went out of his way to take care of the table and was genuinely pleasant throughout.
4	L'Atelier d'Argentine can best be described as trendy and upscale.  It's located in the Old Port.  I did find the noise level a little high making conversation difficult but I did enjoy my meal here and would want to go back again.  The menu is very meat-centric which is expected for an Argentinian restaurant and they know how to cook it well here.We started with grilled chorizo sausage which was well-seasoned and had been properly grilled so it had that good, charred taste to it.  To follow it up I had the braised pork belly which had what I believe might have been a balsamic reduction.  The meat was a little drier than expected given how it had been braised.  That being said their was a layer of fat on the cut of meat which had been seared so that it was really crispy and I did enjoy that.  To finish it off I had panqueques which was a dulce de leche crepe stuffed with a sugar burnt banana and milk semifreddo on the side.   The dessert wasn't too sweet and thoroughly enjoyable.The service here is also worth mentioning.  I found it better than most places.  Our waitress was very attentive, checking back on us frequently and the sommelier was friendly making conversation and everything.  This isn't something you always get here in Montreal and it is very appreciated.  Anyways given my experience at this restaurant I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	Lovely place for a romantic dinner out.  Beautiful setting in Old Montreal.  The atmosphere was trendy.  Dim lighting, lovely fireplace.  The steak was fantastic.  Service was amazing.
4	Beautiful decor. Great place for a group or date. Food was delicious. Apps especially. Order the French Fries! They were some of the best ice I've ever had.
5	Went here for Saturday morning brunch.  I was very impressed by the quality of the meal.  My friend and I ended up sharing Huevos Benedictos and Panqueques, which is a dulce de leche stuffed crepe.  Both were delicious.  Quite possibly one of the best benedicts I've had.  I think my favorite part of brunch here though is the bottomless mimosas or bloody mary's/caesar.  It was a build your own bloody bar with choice of regular tomato juice or clamato.  This was the only brunch restaurant I went to while in Montreal with the choice of a Bloody Mary instead of Caesar.  My friend had the mimosa and they set up a bottle of champagne and carafe of OJ next to the table.  Perfect spot for drunch ;)
5	Had the ribeye, which was delicious. My friend's filet mignon was also perfect. Food and ambiance was great, and servers were quick and helpful. I was in a big group (six guys) for a bachelor party. The manager even sent over a free round of drinks for our celebration! If I'm back in Montreal, I will definitely make it a point to eat here again.
2	I went there last Sunday for brunch, to celebrate a birthday and I don't feel we spent a very good time.First the place itself, well located and the design is pretty nice. Specially, in the bar side. Then the service. We were very well welcomed. Then the service was soooo slow. (Too slow). We were a party of 8, 4 of us had something else than ordered. We even didn't try to mention it, as we had waited almost 1 hour to get our dish.The food now. Well, very disappointing. Meat was average, eggs were dry, "freshly pressed orange juice" didn't taste at all "freshly presse". I wouldn't have to mention that they poured table water in my glass of sparkling water, and filtered coffee in my latte.
2	The service was EXCELLENT and thats the only reason they're even getting 2 stars. I was dissapointed they didnt have skirt steak so I ordered the sirloin steak and it had absolutely ZEROOO flavor. My GF ordered the milanesa de pollo which didnt taste good either. The fries were good but who messes up fries? The place is nice & trendy. I went on a carriage ride later that night and I was told this place doesn't have their liquor license because they opened the restaurant near a rehab center so the city denied them.
2	I thought the restaurant was very nice but the food was very disappointing. I should say I only came here for brunch. The food looked beautiful on the plate but we did not like any of the food on it. Nothing had taste and we had to go crazy with the salt and pepper shaker. Dinner may be better but with all the restaurants in Montreal, I don't think I will go back to risk another tasteless experience.
4	Nice fresh breads, interesting appetizers but not adequate for its price.  Amazing cocktails. Overall it's chic, good food, amazing drinks, and expensive.
