4	Yes, this is Nordstrom's cafe. Yes, it made me shudder mid sip when a friend had bought me coffee from there that I was drinking department store coffee. But ... this place is really, really good. The coffee is excellent, the espresso drinks are hand crafted by a worthy barista, the sandwiches and salads are made fresh every morning. May I recommend the turkey croissant or the chicken salad sandwich? I am super picky about my chicken salads, and this place is absolutely, 100% trustworthy. Fresh, tasty, giant cubes of high-quality bird, mixed with mayo and lightly seasoned, served on soft, delicious bread, with lettuce and tomato. This sammich is as big as your head, though, so watch out.The turkey croissant is equally tasty. Turkey breast, lettuce, tomato, cheese, mayo, served on a light and flaky butter croissant. I really looked forward to lunch time working at Fashion Show Mall. The sandwiches are all around $5 or $6, I believe. Oh, I forgot the chicken Caesar wrap. It's DA BOMB.
4	i work in the mall and whenever i am in desperate need of some friendly smiles and caffeine, eBar is the way to go. besides the quality of my delectable vanilla soy latte always being on point, the staff at eBar are always so friendly and in a good mood. the bar is located right in front of nordstrums, on the dillards side of the mall. don't go to starbucks, instead check out eBar for friendly service and a better quality drink made with LoVe.
4	Excellent service and prices for area.  Right across from the trump, so great place to get in and save a few coins versus 5xs the price in the hotel.Great service and smiles!
4	While I'm shopping, I love to have a coffee treat. This is a great place to get coffee at fashion show mall. The line moves really quick. Service is fast. I normally get their black coffe daily roast, which is very bold.  Caramel Latte is a much more of a sweet treat.  I save those for when I need a sweet treat and a pick-me-up!  Both are very good!
3	The Smoothies here are really good and the service is ok. I would rather go here than Starbucks any day. The prices are a little higher though. Don't be scared of their coffee either Nordstrom is from Seattle after all.
4	With little to show from our shopping adventure, my friend and I treated ourselves to some refreshments before heading back out into the searing Vegas heat. Once we walked in, the initial greeting was a good way to start our experience. The girls were quick to see if we were ready and then waited for us to make up our minds. A great thing about this place is that they know their clientele very well. I love how they list the item, price, and caloric value. My pomegranate ice tea was around four dollars and my friend's mango smoothie was $5.25. For the size, and where we were, this was a reasonable, if not surprising price. I was expecting something smaller as well. I wondered why ice tea would be 200 calories and then found out that they use the Odwalla pomegranate juice and plenty of it. The drink was tart and strong. It took a few sips to adjust, but this person who normally complains that food could use more of a zip was reeling. It was refreshing. The mango smoothie was sweet. I could not drink too much of it, but that is probably because I knew that one cup held 400 calories. Maybe what initially impressed me is more of a double edge sword.
4	So much better than Starbucks.The coffee selections are great and there's a small selection of pre-prepared food...hard boiled eggs, pastries, sandwiches, etc.  The service is always quick and friendly.  I guess I've sort of become a regular as one of the baristas ses me and knows what my husband and I want.  Either that or we are REALLY stuck in a rut!All in all, great.  I'd suggest it instead of Starbucks down the mall.
5	Great coffee, little on the pricey side, but the baristas are always so pleasant! I go here every once in a while, and they know me by name even though I don't always order coffee. I love going here, their food is always fresh and delicious! If you're looking for coffee in the mall, this is it.
5	I AM IN LOVE. I had a literal real-life foodgasm. Three words: HONEY ALMOND LATTE. oh lawd, it is a gift of the over-priced, trendy, cafe gods. Got it with stevia and soy milk and it was amazing! I will probably never visit the Starbucks inside the Fashion Show again! Friendly staff with a cute, trendy feel. There's also a seating area right outside of Nordstrom to just take a break from shopping and catch up! Sister got the Sunset Iced Tea and it was totes refreshing! You don't have to love Nordstrom's (but who the hell wouldn't?) but you can love Ebar.
4	Once upon a time, I went to Nordstrom's coffee kiosk and ordered an ice-storm.  I felt like a lady on crack in the shoe department.  I needed to get out of there to go run a mile somewhere.  So I vowed never to go there, again.  However, because I am addicted to caffeine and had little time to spare, I went to order something.  I decided on a Honey Almond Latte.  HOLY COW.  Smooth, yummy, no after taste or film on my tongue... awesome!Our cashier and barista were helpful and friendly.  Very Nordstrom.  My husband stepped out of the way for the lady there who was stocking up lids (or something something official- I don't really remember) and she was taken aback that he was courteous to her.  Poor thing!  Have you people been abusing my Nordstrom workers?  I love that store, and I love them.  Do the right thing, People, and treat them well so it is the rule and not the exception.
5	I love Nordstrom's Ebar! From Cali to Nevada....they have such delicious drinks! I've had their iced coffees, iced teas, and occasionally I'll have a vanilla creme soda. Anytime I go to the mall and need a lil somethin' somethin'.....this would be my first choice for buying a  beverage.
5	The honey almond latte is my all time favorite but I'm trying a honey hazelnut today. I absolutely love this place and always look forward to visiting when I'm at fashion show. Can't get enough!
5	Ginger Peach tea - no sweetener needed!  DO IT!
4	Honey almond latte...awesome!  Great taste, not too sweet, and not too overpowering.  If you're in the area, this small place is the place to stop at if you're shopping nearby in the mall.
1	I went to the coffee shop at Nordstrom today. The guy who rang up my drink order was very polite. The barista calls out a drink order who matches mine but the name on the cup was "conner", my name is autumn so I didn't touch it! I'm patiently waiting but the order behind me is then called out.. I ask her where is the drink for autumn she says we don't have one for you, then I tell her what I order then she says' its the same order'. I will never go back again. AV
