4	Close to home, and delicious. I can't argue with that. They have fast service and if you choose to dine in (which we haven't) they will give you a military discount. Also, we get 2 free eggrolls with a $15 purchase. Who doesn't love free eggrolls? They also have surprisingly good chicken wings. I love that they come plain, so you can dress them up how you like them. Great for parties! I was also happy to see that they were not scrawny little wings, but good sized. Although the building looks a bit old, the inside is clean. The staff is always nice, and I would definitely recommend this place if you like Chinese food.
4	Always fast and good food. One of our favorite Chinese restaurants
5	We've go here all the time for Chinese food. Its the Best in Las Vegas and the prices are very reasonable and they give you plenty of it too!!!! You can go and sit down with  4-5 friends and all of you can spilit the family meal and all eat for $25 bucks and walk away full. Last night we orders a family meal $23 and I did not want the egg drop soup, so they offered to give us an appetizer. They did not have delivery til 5pm but because i called in to see about delivery, they offered 20% off the bill if i met them at the front gate of nellis afb. This place is a heck of alot better then PF.CHANG'S and can not beat the price. I love the orange chicken and sweet and sour chicken, the egg rolls are amazing.  I look back on my first impression of this place i thought it was a hole in the wall. man was i shocked inside is very clean and the food is delicious.Yummy!!!!!
4	Surprisingly good. They serve like a Panda Express, but the food here is delicious. Decor traditional chinese restaurant on the lower end.
3	Ate some dishes,  fried rice was good. Everything else was mediocre
3	Need something quick and cheap for lunch? China Kitchen is the place for you.  No need for reservations, come as you are and be served up a hot plate of already prepared food. Nothing fancy, but meeting the above criteria, who needs fancy?
3	I can't really say much with their other dishes, because we come here for the fried rice. Shrimp fried rice and vegetable fried rice are staples in our household. I am easy to please when it comes to fried rice. Serve me up some crunchy vegetables, shrimps that are not overdone, and eggy rice with just enough grease that it would not make my belly hurt. Prices are cheap (between $7-8 bucks for heaping servings of fried rice) and fast (5-10 minutes tops). Did I say I love fried rice?
2	hole in the wall..definitely take out instead of dining in..food was made fresh & huge portions..fried rice was good..sweet & sour chicken not so much..general tao chicken tasted how dogs smell :( wont return
4	They have really good hot and sour soup! Very good value for your money.  I asked if they could make tofu with vegetables, which wasn't on the menu, and it was also very good.  Also, good orange chicken!  Rama Rama ding dong
4	Have eaten here several times since they opened. NEVER had a bad dish. Love the General Tao's chicken. Just wish there was one on the west side of town.
3	The food is great, but the service is lacking.  There is a young guy that serves, but he doesn't focus on the customers.  They had two great waitresses awhile ago, but I don't know where they went.
3	My first visit. Ordered two things, chicken chow mein and crab cheese wontons. The price is ok too.The chow mein was ok. It needed flavor though. The noodles I think we're a bit too soft, almost soggy. Needs more cabbage.The crab cheese wontons, they're really just cream cheese wontons. That was a little disappointing. But still tastes fine.Will give this place a try again.
3	It was hard not to like this place even though the dining experience was a little weird. I couldn't tell if we were going to be served table side, or if we picked up our food at the counter... The whole experience was rather awkward. But our food was memorable and plentiful for lunch, with lower prices than i paid for any other lunch that week.
