3	It's a Chili's, an unexpected lunch stop for me today.  I intended to stuff myself at the chinese buffet right up the road, but they decided to fancy it up with crablegs for new year and I simply didn't feel like spending that much money for lunch.I was hungry, my 1 hour is clicking away, and I pulled into Chili's.  I went for their lunch combo, and for some reason I just wasn't feeling sandwiches.  Instead I got the $8 combo with cajun chicken pasta with a side of soup (chicken enchilada).  The soup was good... I'm a big soup person.  It's similar to a tortilla soup.  The plating was pretty, pasta on one side of the long white plate, a thick slice of garlic toast and the soup on the other end (the one day I forgot my cellphone/camera).  The pasta on the other hand was oh-so-salty.  This is coming from a sodium addict.  Chicken slices were dry.  Pasta chewy.  But I somehow wasn't disappointed, because this is somewhat expected.Service was great, my waitress was prompt & responsive & polite.  The atmosphere was nice & quiet; I got to read my book.  It was surprisingly relaxing of a lunch.
1	Got wrangled into coming here for a business lunch.  I know it's Chile's, but you would think that a major national franchise would be able to produce uniformly bland food.  I got the sliders, which come in and order of four, and ended up with one totally unseasoned greasy mini-burger and three salt licks.  (So, great place for lunch if you're a deer . . .)I appreciate that we took up the table for more than an hour during a busy lunch, but I used to be service industry, and would have tipped accordingly if our server hadn't been so obviously pushing as hard as she could to get us out of the table.  Ch-ch-ch-chile's!  Babyback Sucks!
3	This Chili's, located just off of Tyvola near the 77 exits, is about 200 yards from my office (I know you are looking at my profile picture and thinking I spend my days dangling from a pole covered in glitter at The Men's Club, but alas, I am just an office drone), so it is a frequent spot for quick lunches or takeout.  It's a Chili's.  It has Chili's food and Chili's service.  Sometimes we can get in and out in 45 minutes, other times it takes 45 minutes to get a salad. Because it is one of the few lunch spots in the area, you can expect a wait at peak times.  I do appreciate the online ordering so I don't have to talk to a human and explain my preference for no tomatoes, no onions, extra blue cheese, I want ranch instead of honey mustard, blah blah.  When ordering stuff online, you have a door/register dedicated to takeout in the back instead of battling around the bar folks to pick up your food.  I have always found food to-go to be fine.  The folks are friendly.  My order is typically correct. It's Chili's *shrug.
2	Service was extremely slow. Went there at 3pm, like 3 other patrons in the whole place, but it still took ten minutes to get 2 margaritas. On the plus side, they were good when they finally came. Bartender felt bad and made them super strong for our second round. But that ten minute wait was a real drag.
2	Where I work, there are few options for lunch.  Even fewer if you are in need of a quick lunch so you can get back to work.  I made the mistake of thinking an online order from Chili's would be fast and of better quality than the McD's across Tyvola.My issues are all a bunch of 1st world problems, but in the grand scheme of things, the inconveniences and time-drains in my semi-charmed kind of life are what keep me from patronizing establishments.  The takeout entrance and convenience parking were blocked by their delivery truck (I am hoping what was on the truck was fresh food, because everything I got looked like it came from the back corner of the crisper at the bottom of a fridge at a frat house), not life altering, and a requirement to stay in business, but still annoying because I was pushed for time.  I get inside and a customer isn't happy with the gift card designs (does anyone who receives a gift card pay any attention to this?), so the one person who can check everyone out is searching for differently designed gift cards this guy.  The young lady standing there waiting on her food, which is getting cold sitting in plain site waiting for his highness to pick a friggin' pretty card, indicated that this had been going on for several minutes by then.  He then answers his phone while trying to pay.  I wanted to punch him in a kidney by this point.  We finally get to paying after standing there waiting on a takeout order for 10 minutes that I placed 15 minutes prior to getting there.  Almost 30 minutes after placing my quick online takeout order, I got back to my desk (my desk, which I can almost see this Chili's from).And then the food *sigh*.How do you screw up broccoli?  I mean... seriously... I picked Chili's (groan) because I didn't want a totally deep fried lunch with "beef".  So I ordered mashed potatoes and broccoli to go with my crispy chicken tacos.  The recipe for broccoli is hot water + broccoli, it's not rocket science.  It was light green in color, at best, with about 25% being yellow.  Bleh.  Everything in the to go box is stone cold.  I don't mean slightly cooler from the 2 minute drive back to my office, I mean COLD.  Elementary school cafeteria scoop of mashed potatoes and a chunk of gravy in a to-go cup (completely congealed) to go with my hard, yellow broccoli.  Paired with fried-to-oblivion chunks of chicken wrapped in tortillas with the sauces just sort of drizzled all over the entire dish.  What a mess.  The best part of the meal was the tortillas.  I just can't even go here anymore.  I have worked within yards of this Chili's for 14 years and every time I go, it gets a little worse.  They were formerly fairly consistently passable as far as the options in this area go, but the last few visits have been a hot mess (both dining in and online ordering).  I give up, Chili's!
4	Better-than-average Chili's.  The food was all fresh and had a clean flavor (unlike some Chili's where the food has a unique, funky, bad taste).  Waitresses were friendly and accommodating.
1	Our waitress was terrible. She never came to check on us after we received our food. She bounced in to refill our drinks with no ice and never asked about the food. She was busy arguing with her coworkers about who was and wasn't going to do what. After several minutes of no service we finally flagged down another waiter, Adam. He took care of us and got us a manager who addressed the problems and credited our bill. We had our ticket transferred to Adam but we probably will never come back to this particular restaurant.
2	Sunday night, near hotel, not wanting to hunt down anything new figured we'd stick with tried & true tonight after a day of driving. Mistake unfortunately.Husband got burger & fries, I got soup & salad. No major complaints with the food, or the wait staff, though hubby's fries & my soup was cool. Left too long on the counter? The incredible NOISE that drove us out after a single drink & dinner. When did Chili's become a sports bar? the volume going on TV was so loud that when our server came to the table, we couldn't hear him. Couldn't hear each other talking to each other. It was mind boggling. Everyone in the restaurant of course increased their volume to hear over each other, eh, noise goes up.After asking the server about it, they turned it down some, claiming that the guys at the bar wanted it turned up. Really? when do a few knuckleheads at the bar 4 feet from the tv dictate what an entire restaurant is forced to listen to? or that single station? The music playing the restaurant couldn't be heard at ALL it was so loud.We love Chili's & have visited them in several states. This one gets a big thumbs down.
4	Service and quality has been pretty consistent at this location. Prices are fair and it's at a convenient location too.
3	Decent food however the restaurant is always disheveled. Napkins on the floor, tables not cleared quickly, and the bathroom usually looks like a small tornado whipped through. Other than some soggy bread on occasion the food is OK. Waitstaff seem friendly enough but also often disheveled as well.
3	It was close and I was hungry with a lot of work to do back at the hotel.The greeter seated me quickly.The waiter really didn't want to give me the time of day.There was a co-waitress, she just dumped my food on the table and ran off.I had to flag down the waiter and take another tables napkins.He must have been Guessing that my food wasn't greasy at this Chili's.The food was OK. Could have used Ketchup but good luck getting that.
5	Getting ready to leave on a flight home the next morning, we would get a small snack and drink at Chili's which was located a block from our hotel.  Have gone to our neighborhood's Chili's which I consider just an average restaurant.  We sat in the bar area.  It was just before 4 pm and the waitress came back and said that it was Happy Hour and the appetizers were $4.99.  We ordered 2 - one flat bread pizza and some kind of nachos.  I was surprise of the size of the plates.  We were totally satisfied.   The service and 2 of the staff we dealt with were so nice.  Can pay electronically from the table which we really liked.  Highly recommend for a snack or bar drink.
3	This is the closest place to my office that has soup, so for the last 4 weeks while I have had a cold that I cannot get rid of, we went back to this Chili's for soup and liquor for lunch.A little over a year ago, I vowed to never return, but they seem to have gotten their shit together and we actually went enough over the past few weeks that the wait staff in the bar area of seating recognizes us when we come in (we're awfully cute and personable, plus good tippers - so I understand why we are memorable).  They have a revamped menu and while a lot of the old standards are there, they have some new items too.  I *really* like the option to turn any burger into a turkey burger (or veggie, or 2 thin beef patties) and had that twice last week.  The potato soup was very good and my BFF was living on their chicken enchilada soup while she was sick and she said that was very good too. I have to absolutely commend the daytime bar-area wait staff.  I think the one gentleman's name is Adam, who has been there forever and has always been a shining star, and there is also a woman working in that area (can't remember her name - ugh) and they are rock stars.  Drinks never go empty, plates are cleared, sweeteners are brought, etc.  Seriously - they are amazing and should be given gold stars or raises or whatever it is that Chili does.  The food has improved drastically, but the wait staff that can get us fed and back to work in time is what is keeping us coming there.  Great job by this Chili's to turn it around.  It's verging on a 4-star review for me, keep it up!
