5	I was wondering where the old owner of Osaka had gone. It turns out he opened a new restaurant in the heart of the South Hills. Any Chinese or Japanese food you could think of and really good quality! Sushi is fresh!They deliver lunch and dinner too!
5	John serves a wide variety of FRESH, made-to-order meals that can accommodate allergies, vegetarian/vegan preferences and simple preferences.  This is very new restaurant following another restaurant that had been fading.He deiivers to a wide area and everything arrives hot or cold or both, whatever is appropriate. The sushi is varied and delicious.  All the food I have had has been first rate, and he will take specialized orders from large parties with separate checks!  Like broccoli? He will add it.  Don't like mushrooms? Say so and your dish will be made to your preferences.  Love, Love, love it!
5	No special request is too special for John.  Even a soy allergy can be handled in this awesome sushi restaurant.  Don't eat shell fish, but still want sushi?  No problem.  John's is the best hands down.
4	This is my new "go to" for Chinese delivery! I had been ordering elsewhere because the meals were $1 or so less expensive but decided to give Saigon 88 a try and it was worth it. Delivery sushi is always a bad idea, but I got a salmon roll and white tuna sashimi and enjoyed them both! I also had combination lo mein, and the hubby got cashew chicken. Everything was very good, the only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because it took an hour or so to get here, but worth the wait.
4	John's has a huge variety and a cool atmosphere. I can't wait for the warmer weather so I can sit outside on their deck! My personal favorite is the tuna tataki! Yum! The owner, John, is super personable. He always makes sure we have a great experience!
5	Best Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh! Their food is fresh, the service is great and it's such a friendly atmosphere. When you get there you won't think much of the outside, but it's gorgeous on the inside. I don't think it's really been discovered by everyone just yet because every time I've gone, I walk right in and get seated. But the owner is so nice, it'll catch on very quickly. My boyfriend and I make an effort to go here every chance we get! I would recommend this to anyone. Their sushi is great, their soups are full of flavor, and their General Tso's chicken is the best I've ever had. The prices aren't outrageous, either which is ALWAYS a plus. :)
5	John's is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. The menu is enormous and I've yet to encounter a single miss, from Americanized standbys (General Tso's) to dishes that would be more at home in a back-alley restaurant in Hong Kong. The sushi bears mention for its beauty alone--I don't know where the sushi chef was trained, but he's an artist.John himself is one of the nicest and most gracious restaurateurs I've ever had the pleasure of meeting. He will honor any and all special requests, recommend new things, and even bring his regular customers new experiments from the kitchen to try (on the house). If you become a regular customer and get to know John, you're sure to get something new and delicious every time you come in!5/5, Recommended highly.
5	Went here based on other yelp reviews and I'm so glad I did! Absolutely the best Chinese food I've ever had, and I used to live in Manhattan. The sushi was also excellent! Service was very attentive and the owner was also friendly. I will absolutely come back.
5	I've been to John's other restaurants before. His attention to detail is awesome and goes out of way to please the customer. We tried the sushi, shrimp pad Thai, and won ton. Everything was very good. John was able to convince my 9 year old daughter to try her first sushi since I've had zero luck. He dressed it up and because of presentation she loved it. I think she is now hooked on seared tuna and sushi rolls. I will be back and next time I'll enjoy the outside deck dining.
5	For my first experience here we got take out including veggie sushi, shrimp spring rolls and chicken and broccoli with white rice. I was highly impressed with the sushi presentation especially being takeout and it tasted just as good! John's attention to detail is quite impressive! This included wonton soup which was good but broth a little bland. My husband really liked the chicken and broccoli as well. I can't say anything about the dine in experience but I am looking forward to trying it sooner and I will definitely be returning for some more delicious sushi!
5	Everything I had here my first time was great. Sushi was really well done and the Chinese chicken and brocolli had great flavor. The springs rolls I had here were also the best I have ever had. I only was inside for a couple minutes to pick up takeout but the inside appeared to be nice and clean. Would definitely recommend if you are in the mood for Chinese or sushi.
5	We dined in for lunch this time. Still highly satisfied with the service and quality of food. I highly recommend John's!
5	John is awesome and so is the food he feeds you!!! Everything is always fresh and delicious! The baked salmon appetizer is my favorite, followed by the sushi. Drooling just thinking of it right now. Miso soup is also a must try!
5	This is a new favorite of ours. Service was excellent and incredibly prompt. Food was out of this world. The meal started with fried crispies and dip complimentary to the table. We got egg drop soup, wonton soup, sweet and sour chicken and sauteed broccoli none of which disappointed. A few basics to try at a new place and they had the freshest most flavorful tastes. We will absolutely be back soon to try as much of this expansive menu as we can. Clean, inviting, affordable and best of all delicious!
1	I ordered pad Thai and several sushi rolls. The pad Thai was very interesting. It had no peanut flavor to it, just crushed peanuts on top. It also had red and green peppers and onions in it. I've never experienced anything like that before. The lime that was included for it was rotten. I ate several pieces of the sushi and then noticed a string looking piece several parts of the tuna roll. My mind immediately raced. After picking it apart, I've come to the conclusion it looks like a vein? Certainly won't be finishing the roll or getting takeout from there again.
5	I always have a great experience when I come to this restaurant, or order from here.  As a Chinese food and sushi addict, I'm always very pleased. The sushi lunch specials are great- you can essentially get any rolls you want for a decent price. Service is great and every one is always very nice. There's not one thing on the menu that I haven't enjoyed, and every thing always tastes fresh. Definitely a place I'd recommend to anyone in the area looking for good Chinese or sushi.
5	I've been here four times now, and each time I've gotten what John suggested I try. I haven't been disappointed.  The bento boxes are a sight, and an amazing amount of food. The service is impeccable. John himself comes to the table to make sure you're happy and last time we were there, he brought my 3 yr old granddaughter a few crab Rangoon on a plate to try. Just little touches that make an impression. I'll be going back. A lot
