3	This place has potential. It's really new so they get a pass for now. The staff is really friendly. The crinkle fries are the only item they don't over fry. I got wings last night and they fried them until the meat inside was dehydrated. The same thing with my flounder tonight. The fish was fried until the inside became rubbery in texture. It dont take fish long to get done! Hopefully they will get it right soon. 3 times of overcooked easy to cook food and I will be done!
2	We passed by this place after noticing it was no longer a Sonic and made a mental note to come by and try it.  Gotta have good chicken if you're called the Chicken King, right?Sadly, it was average, at best.  Ordered the 8-piece chicken and though the chicken was crunchy and definitely fried, the meat was a bit overdone and dry.The service was decent.  The staff was friendly, and though they told us that it would be fifteen minutes, it was much shorter than that.  The premises could definitely use a sprucing up.  It doesn't seem they did any sort of renovation before re-opening under their new name.  And unfortunately, there was a strange smell in the air outside the restaurant that forced us back inside after just a minute or two.It's unlikely we'll be back with so many of the fast food chains within similar distance, and equal or better food.
4	This is very close to my office and seemed busy so I stopped by to order lunch to go. I got the 1/2 Fried Chicken with fries and slaw and the portion was gigantic. I generally prefer skinless fried chicken, especially when I fry it myself, but I thought the flavor of their chicken was overall very good and the skin was not overly absorbent of the seasonings; a la corporate chains. They also offer salads and individual sides. The value was also excellent in relation to the portions. I will definitely go back. I didn't notice - and wasn't worried about what the floor looked like. I don't eat off the floor. The staff was also very friendly.
5	At first I was hesitant about coming to this place since the Sonic was terrible, however I decided to stop by, and they were running already while continuing the set up. First of all the owner is very nice as well as his daughter, both were very friendly, gave us recommendations even to save some bucks. Also complimented us with sweet tea, personally I am not a fan of sweet tea, but their tea is amazing.They do take a little long to serve, but that is because they don't start cooking until you order it. I much rather get something fresh and juicy, other than dry and cold. The chicken is amazing, so juicy and tender and big pieces too. Their Baklava is amazing. I decided to go again and try something else from their menu, their burgers are really good, this is the first place where they actually make a good BACON CHEESEBURGER, they put a lot of bacon and it is crispy, their seafood, amazing as well, everyone in there looks happy always smiling and very polite. Looks like they are finally done, and it looks great, definitely worth the shot. The sonic had a terrible reputation but I'm glad they replaced it, because I love their chicken. Only thing i got against it... sundays they are closed.
5	I have been here 6 times and each time got something different. Everything has been excellent!  The fried chicken has to be my favorite. I am VERY picky about my fried chicken. Nice crispy skin without being greasy and the meat was very juicy. The ribeye steak sandwich was a pleasant surprise. It had a generous piece of rib eye that was very tender. The jersey special, the grill chicken fillet and the fried chicken fillet sandwich are all highly recommended. The portions are enormous and the prices are very reasonable. The staff is very friendly and you don't have to wait long. But I would recommend calling your order in at lunch time. I'm looking forward to my next visit! I'm looking at you, popcorn shrimp!
2	Food is great! BUT... customer service is about the worst I have ever seen. I immediately thought of a skit on The Chappelle Show called "Pop Copy" (YouTube it!). It was like they were frustrated that I interrupted whatever what ever they had going on to give them some business. What is unfortunate is I punish myself by going back again and again because their chicken is so good. There is never a greeting, a thank you, a please come again or anything positive. Even when I pull up to the drive through window I receive a look of disgust, like "why are you bothering me". Chicken Kings food will only take them so far, at some point I am not going to find their negative attitude humorous.
2	Food is great! BUT... customer service is about the worst I have ever seen. I immediately thought of a skit on The Chappelle Show called "Pop Copy" (YouTube it!). It was like they were frustrated that I interrupted whatever what ever they had going on to give them some business. What is unfortunate is I punish myself by going back again and again because their chicken is so good. There is never a greeting, a thank you, a please come again or anything positive. Even when I pull up to the drive through window I receive a look of disgust, like "why are you bothering me". Chicken Kings food will only take them so far, at some point I am not going to find their negative attitude humorous.
1	The Greek gentleman would not sell me what I wanted. I just wanted to try a leg and thigh before trying an 8 piece. He told  me no repeatedly. "You must buy 8 piece or dinner." But I didn't want any coleslaw or fries! Just chicken. KFC and Popeye's will let me buy one piece. Is it that hard to price out one piece of chicken? Honestly, I want to know why an owner would not accommodate a potential life long customer! Is this normal business practice? Please someone tell me.Sanitation rating = 97. Not sure how they got that, cuz the place looked NASTY!!!
1	Welp, they still won't sell me a leg and a thigh! But ya know who will?? Wal-Mart! Yep! And all for a a buck ninety-eight plus tax. And if you get it fresh it is really good!
5	Nice, very nice. Their grilled chicken sandwich is awesome. Tender, juicy and flauvorful.  I had it with a side of potato salad. I also had a plate of shrimp, chicken, fries, hush puppies and coleslaw. Shrimp is deep fried and I think is breaded.  Everything is fresh and delicious.Place is clean, food is tasty, they don't ask you for refills, but I didn't expect it and they met my expectations. i left the place fat and happy and it's a good bang for your buck.
5	Food is great. Service is great. Generous portions at reasonable prices. Their chicken is the best in Charlotte!
5	A while back the food wasn't good at all. The quality of the food has improved significantly! The food now looks and tastes good including the chicken. I had to update my review just to be fair. By the way..the staff is really friendly which is also a good thing. We all know how hard that is to find!
4	With a name like chicken king I thought they would only have fried chicken.  I got a great Greek salad when they changed the sign and was pleasantly surprised.  It is much closer than showmars with a similar menu.  I will be back
