1	DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE!!!  I had the worst massage of my life here!  The lady had a bad attitude and her massage hurt like crazy.  My back is sore.  I don't think she has a license.  She did not know what she was doing.  I wasted $115!  This place needs to be shut down!
3	3.5 STARS.On Christmas morning my friends and I wanted to get a massage.  Unfortunately, many places weren't open because of the holiday and since I was with locals, they didn't want to go on the strip to one of the hotel spas.  So, we looked up massage places on Yelp and found this place.  Seeing as it had no reviews, we were pretty sketched out and thought it might be a happy ending kinda place.  But, it was either this place or nothing, so we tried it out.  Jasmine Spa is in a tiny shopping center.  It's dimly lit, plain, and looks old.  It's nothing spectacular.  They offer Swedish, Deep Tissue, and Shiatsu in 45, 60, and 90 minute increments.  It's about $50-$90 per session.  I got the Swedish, my friend got the Deep Tissue, and my other friend got the Shiatsu.  We were taken to 3 private individual rooms (nothing fancy) and told to get undressed and lay on the massage table.  We all agreed that the masseuses were very friendly, polite, and were much better than we had anticipated them to be.  They were able to use the right amount of pressure for each of us (even my guy friend who got the Deep Tissue was impressed with how strong his lady masseuse was) and were attentive to what parts of our body we wanted them to focus on.  I also liked how my masseuse used hot towels at the end of my massage to wipe the oil off my body so that I didn't walk around for the rest of the day feeling sticky and oily.  The rooms have the bars on the ceilings so that they can walk on your back, and they all appeared to have been properly trained in massage. We all felt relaxed after the massage and agreed that it's not a place that we would be regulars at, but that we got what we paid for.  At any of the spas on the strip it would have been double the cost for the ambiance.
4	An excellent massage awaits those willing to leave the strip. People are friendly and extremely capable.
