4	Folk music fun times. This bar never seems to care how many people they let squeeze in and an impromptu ceilidh is always on the cards. A proper Edinburgh institution this place has incredible acts playing- watch out for anyone folky doing a gig at the nearby Liquid Rooms, there is no doubt that the after party will be here! Unfortunately Sandy Bells is one of the places that has suffered under the smoking ban. A thick fog of smoke helped to hide the sweaty scent which now dominates the room. Take my advice and get a few beers and ales in you- that way your sense of smell my lessen and you can really enjoy yourself!
3	A great venue for folk evenings, with the distinct possibility that the next time you see the band in the corner they might actually be somebody - so enjoy the music! Drinks are numerous and not overly expensive, the pub itself is traditional and always full to the rafters at weekend and even most week day evenings. The vibe in Sandy Bells is almost like that of a really great house party in somebody elses house - carefree and uninhibited. Fantastic fun over all.,
4	Folk music central, I am rather fond of this pub. Attracting a selection of clientele in a student dominant area is a challenge. This place manages to do it, and retain it's traditional character.You don't come here for the bar. You come here for the music. It's stuffy, cramped and the stain glass windows give it a finishing touch. The bands vary but in both occasions I have been here, this folk music has produced enough merriness and great atmosphere.
5	If you love folk music, you will love Sandy Bells. The world famous folk pub offers a warm atmosphere and folk music every night. Smallish in size, this cosy pub is the perfect antidote to the cold harsh Scottish weather outside!For me the best aspect of this pub is that musicians, young and old come together and play long into the night. It's brilliant that strangers with a love of folk music can just come together and play some of the best folk music on offer in Edinburgh!Drinks might be slightly costly, but when you are slowly drinking your pint listening to the quality of the folk music on offer you won't be complaining!
3	Everyone loves a bit of folk music now and again, no matter how old or young you are, which is why this place is so popular. It's in a pretty handy location, for starters. Being right next to uni, it gets its fair share of students and staff, but being right across the street from an irish bar means that doesn't attract the chavvier or tourist types. Throw in the usual gents of a certain age that frequent any traditional bar, and that sums up the sorts of people you'll find in here.This is a great place to go for a few quiet drinks when you want somewhere with a bit of atmosphere, but don't want to pay as much for drinks as you would at the Jazz Bar further down the street. I have to be honest, it's a bit shabby. It smells as if the smoking ban never existed, the loos aren't great and the house wine's definitely not worth what you pay for it, but it's somehow still great.
3	I stumbled into this traditional (Irish? Celtic?) pub - I was pleasantly surprised with the no background music but still atmosphere feel of this pub. It is not for everyone, the patrons leave you well alone but acknowledge you. The music is occasionally provided from the back, by musicians just drinking and giving a tune. Different. they have the usual lager fare, but also Budvar and Corona. Plenty of Whisky to get here. An outstanding unmissable feature is the dark arch in the middle of the pub.
4	Get yourself down to Sandy Bell's if you haven't made the trip. I rarely visit but really should make the trip more often. The close quarters, informal live music and rich heritage make it an Edinburgh institution. The bar itself is large for a small pub, so there's not such much fighting for attention as you might expect given it's usually pretty busy - that said, some of the bar flies may well have been in residence since the place opened.Music is main attraction. Sandy Bell's features in the folk and acoustic education of many a well established performer. Its name is dropped into musicians' interviews, city profiles and histories of Scottish music. I shall keep this review short: as I say it's quite a wee place and you'd be better off visiting rather than reading more from me.
4	Small traditional pub for locals in Edinburgh.  Always packed and standing room only.  Inexpensive beers.  Great acoustic Celtic music jams every evening. Didn't try the food.  Be prepared to stand.  No cover charge.  Place has a neat vibe even though it is so small.
4	Sandy Bell's is best known for its nightly session; a lot of sessions can descend into chaos with a surfeit of guitars and squeezeboxes, but on the night we went everything was very nicely balanced. The bouzouki and flautist were especially good and they had a solid bunch of tunes (not just Irish ones) in their noggins.There's also a chess board high up on a ledge round the corner in a small nook; you have to ask at the bar for the box of pieces and the clock. The pieces come in a sticky plastic box that has clearly been baptised in beer many times but they themselves are clean, and the nice big kind you can properly plonk down on the board. For the first time ever, I beat my brother (then for the second and third time. Perhaps I had an unfair advantage in that I was only drinking water and he was trying out the whisky stock...) and the lad at the bar was thrilled to entertain some chess players. Apparently they used to have a chess club but most of the players got barred, so he hasn't seen chess going on for a while!In terms of its interior and atmosphere, it's a fairly standard pub; not much different from what I expect from the word "pub", although my brother was reasonably impressed with the range of whiskies on offer. The highlight for me was a copy of "Brecht On Theatre" on the bookshelves! Now there's something you don't see every day... So: chess, session, and Brecht lift this above the average pub for me. Nice one, Sandy's.
4	Ahhh, what a lovely little pub! It's small and drinks are fairly standard for the area but there's always a group of people jamming out and playing folk music. It's a really lively environment and everyone should go check it out for a change of pace.
5	I got the Steak and Ale Pie, along with an Ossian. The pie was surprisingly good! It is very tasty! The crust was nice and flaky. The meat was fresh and delicious. The Ossian was actually recommended by the bartender. Excellent choice. I don't normally like hoppy drinks, but it went well with the pie. The bartender is really friendly, and place is nice and relaxed on the inside.
4	I went here with my wife on a recommendation from a Scotland tour guide. We were looking for a pub to listen to some music and this place hits the marks. It's a little small so it took some time to find a good spot but the atmosphere inside is great. The bartenders were very friendly and didn't mind dealing with some out of towners.
5	This place is known for nightly group music sessions in back. I usually grab a drink and sidle up. It gets very loud so you come here to listen to traditional music, not talk. The musicians rotate and are glad to have travelling musicians join (byo instrument). It gets quite crowded, and you usually need to push through to get back there. Some patience and luck is required to get a table. Be prepared to stand around or lean on a wall. Otherwise, great selections of whisky. Friendly bartenders. Super touristy.
