5	Just moved to the area and in desperate need of a hair cut.  I read Carolyn B.'s review and thought I would give the place a try.  I thought the little studio was nice, clean, and chic.  Jim and his wife were very nice and welcoming.  Most importantly, I loved the cut and will be going back.
4	Jim Jeon is a Korean stylist that relocated from L.A. to the valley about 1 year ago.  He offers haircuts for men, women and children.  He also does magic and digital perms.  His prices are very good.  Between my kids and myself, we've visited JJ at least half-dozen times since it has opened.  Our experiences have varied.  My sons have had some of their best cuts here as well as very mediocre cuts here.  I have had the same experience.  I would definitely recommend this place to for a magic straight perm.  Mine turned out great.  He generally does an excellent job if you are first timer (for cuts), but it is best to try to go when he is not busy if you want to guarantee that you get a good cut on a repeat visit.
5	I just came back from Jim Jeon Salon. They're even open on Sundays! Inside is small but modern and clean. I got Japanese strengthening/ Magic perm and and got haircut as well. I am so glad that I tried this place. He reminded me of a stylist I used to go see in San Francisco. He said he is from LA. I was always looking for good stylist who know how to deal with Asian hair. Jim is an excellent stylist and their price is great! He exceeded my expectation. No more using flat iron in the mornings! He said they also do digital perming. He charged me $220 for straightening perm and haircut! Salons in Scottsdale quoted me $500-600 for straightening perm. I am going back for coating soon.I recommend this place to anyone especially Asian gals seeking excellent cuts.
4	Tiny shop, super fast cuts, a little spendy. He knows Asian hair.  I like.
2	Finally - someone who knows asian hair! Especially asian men's hair!  Been here 3X, once a month. The price seem reasonable. You can have coffee, doughnuts in the mornings while you wait. I come in early on purpose....   The shop is so small, I hope he doesn't get too much customers (Just looking out for myself!)UPDATE - May 2011...i gave a 5 star before, but have changed it to 2 stars...  Tried to grow my hair long. I just needed some thinning. I googled images of Keith Urban and brought my laptop with me. I explained and SHOWED the images to Jim. He did acknowledged me and started on my head. A few minutes later, i noticed my long hair shorter than it was. Too late to stop him now...   I thought i was hoping to get the Keith Urban look but ended up like Boy George!!!!...
3	Jim does a good job and haircut was only 30 bucks!
4	Although I've only been once, my sister now goes regularly based on my recommendation.  Take your Japanese hair mags over, cuz he can do it... including the hair perms required for them (bonus haircut is included).  Jim cuts fast, so fast you almost have a perverse desire he'd take a little longer.
4	I went back to get cut & color (coating) 3 times since my last review. I still like the cut but the color washes out for at least 2 weeks. If you use a darker hair color, don't wear anything light color clothing before you completely dry your hair. He charges between $70-80 for color & cut.
4	YAY!  I finally found an Asian hairdresser in the Phoenix area that knows how to cut and style Asian hair. A friend and I both had our hair cut here today and it was a great overall experience.  I had a digital perm put in a few months ago and Jim knew exactly how to trim the layers to add shape without taking too much of the curl. He also definitely understands the way Asian hair moves and falls to give a cut flattering for those of us with a round face :) The only thing I don't love are my new bangs...but I may adjust to them after a couple of weeks.  I'm used to a different technique and the bangs are falling a little flat, but may perk up after I style myself.Jim speaks very little English, but seems to understand more than he speaks.  His assistant is very fluent and is available throughout the appointment to translate the conversation between Jim and client. I always give the hair stylist a basic idea what I'm looking for, and give examples of styles I definitely do NOT like, but I like letting the stylist do a cut they think suits me, so the translating wasn't a big deal for me.  Both Jim and his assistant welcomed us and offered refreshments, hair magazines, and talked with us at length about what we were looking for before giving a thorough shampoo.  Jim does cut hair very fast, but he took time to make sure I liked the finished cut, which is when I spontaneously decided I needed new bangs (which might also be why I don't yet love them). Jim does both digital wavy perms, color, and Japanese magic straightening perm. I know if I decide to keep my curls I be back. Jim says he starts his digital perms at $120 - very reasonable for a digi-perm! The salon is very cozy and very welcoming, as well as the staff - Jim has earned a new loyal customer.
3	OK... I have to retract much of what I had previously said about Jim.  Although Jim is familiar with how Asian hair should be cut, and has a good technique, the language barrier for English-only customers is basically unworkable.  Even with a picture of the length and hand gestures indicating the length and angle of the cut I desired, I ended up with a  crooked style that is a solid 5 inches shorter than what I had requested. Some of this is my fault, because he had to go back and cut it THREE additional times in order to give me the shape I had originally sought. Plus, if I had made an appointment instead of doing a drop in, the translator might have been available AND, I had made the mistake of bringing a photo of the length I wanted, and I think Jim may have thought that was the exact cut and style I wanted. However, these would not have been problems if I spoke more Korean or Jim spoke any English. Still, it's a cozy and friendly salon and Jim and his assistant give a great shampoo. The last cut grew out well, but hung a little ragged for the first 2-3 weeks. Jim has a tendency to cut more than requested, so definitely emphasize the length you're looking for.I probably won't return, but I might be convinced if it's just a trim and not a new style.
5	Went today, it was awesome. They are very friendly and helpful, took a picture with me and Jim cut it just like the picture. So to those of you who doesn't speak Korean should be sure to have a picture out. He can do it.
5	I recently moved to Scottsdale from Hawaii.  For those of you who are not familiar with Hawaii.  Hawaii is a diversed state.  Almost all the salons that you go to, there's always someone that knows how to cut asian hair.  I am a licensed hairdresser, and also half-Korean.  I've been hesistant into finding a new stylist that understands asian hair/hairstyles. (Scottsdale isn't really a diversed area)My dear friend had suggested that I try Jim Jeon in Chandler.  I told him exactly what I wanted, which was shoulder length with lots of layers and side swept bangs.  I also told him to texturize couple places that I felt was too heavy, and he did exactly that!  I went home and styled it, and everything fell into place! The drive is so worth it!  I will be definitely go back.
1	I moved to Gilbert about a year ago from Los Angeles, and I usually go back to LA every few weeks. And I patiently wait for those trips back to get my haircut in Koreatown.   This summer, however, I didn't have a chance to go back and after trying to hold out for as long as possible, I simply needed to get a haircut. LA or not.  So after trying to find someone on Yelp that would be competent in cutting Asian hair (my hair is really thick and really stiff), I decided on Jim Jeon based on the decent reviews.Yelp, you have been my trusty guide to so many places for years now. Yet of all the times you could have fooled me, you decide to do it when I get my haircut? Yelp, you so sneaky.I've heard of dramatic or critical reviews mysteriously disappearing on Yelp, so I will try to be as objective, calm and understated as possible: The haircut was horrible.Like I said, I am cursed with very thick Asian hair.  If you cut it wrong, my hair will stick out in all directions like I was holding onto a static balloon.  No matter how much gel or wax you use.  So now I look like I have a black, spiky mushroomcap on top of my head. It's like I'm back in the 80's.  Lesson learned: doesn't matter how long before an LA trip. One always waits. Friends, I'm sorry, but this place is not good.  A simple lack of options is not reason enough to score this place so high. (Lords of Yelp, I used every last ounce of my willpower to hold back the fury within and instead kept this review civil and polite, so please don't make it mysteriously disappear.)
4	They are really kind and give good consultation for hair.I liked this hair studio.I want to recommend everyone to go and try it!!
4	This guy is amazing I brought in a picture of how I wanted my hair cut and he made it happen.. It's not easy to do Asian hair.. our hair will stick up like crazy if cut wrong.. The only thing I would say is parking was a bit of an issue.. Overall he is fast..
5	I've been going here for over 3 years. I can literally walk in and ask him to "surprise" me, knowing that I'll leave happy.  I'll never go to anyone else as long as I live within a day's driving distance of his shop. He is so quick at doing hair that you will be in and out in a flash - with exactly the cut you wanted (or better.)
1	Before I went to this Salon I yelped and read the reviews and I seen a lot of positive feed back from people. So I thought I would check it out. I'm heavily Influence in asian fashion thinking that Jim Jeon Salon would mesh well with my vision of hair cuts. Soon as I walked in Jim greeted me nicely, washed my hair in about a min or 2. Sat down on the seat. He asked to see the picture that I wanted, which I had in my phone. It was a 3 sequence picture with detail on how to cut this style of hair, i got from a korean website on hair fashion week.He literary glanced at it. Nodded his head oh I know...  I thought to my self with a scared gut feeling,hopefully his an expert without looking into any detail on the picture. He grabs a straight razor and butchers my hair from left to right. Looking slowly nothing like the picture I showed him. I tried telling him I grew my hair out for 3 months for this hair cut and it looks nothing like this picture. He nodded his head smiling. Lol he doesn't understand anything I was saying, there was a language barrier between us. Then it was all over after 10 mins of butchering with a thinning razor. My total was $20 and I tipped him 20% just because Im respectful for small business owners.I left very Dissatisfied, I was let down by Jim Jeon salon. If anyone can point me to the right direction to a salon that cuts good hair please let me know.
5	Jim Jeon is quick, efficient and the salons atmosphere is so friendly and family oriented. I love how the cuts are affordable and Jim definitely knows what he is doing. It's also awesome how his wife is at the shop because she is so warm and friendly. Love the family and I love what they do!
5	New to the area, I was in desperate need for a hair cut and style. My hair had split ends and was very flat from the dry weather in AZ. Upon arriving to the store. I was greeted by the wife of the owner. She was very friendly and helped me with my things and prepared my salon coat. We had a nice chat  as she  washed my hair. Found out the couple was from LA i knew i was in good hands.I brought a picture to show what i wanted. There were times i didn't and ended up looking like a korean boy. I wasn't trying to recreate coffee prince, or worseeee MILEY CYRUS. After my shampoo and cut which felt like just minutes I got to see my hair. Jim did magic as he was snipping my nice layers, and giving me a chic A-line bob.  I feel like a kpopstarrr!  My next mission will be to grow my hair to try their Japanese digi perm.Kamsamnida Jim Jeon Salon!!
5	I went into this shop a few days ago because they're one of the few places that do a digital perm. They're also only a few miles down from my work so they're super convenient. Upon reading further reviews I became a little nervous. I arrived today (Saturday) and he immediately started working on my hair. I got nervous and asked if he needed a reference picture and he politely smiled and nodded. So I showed him the picture and he just glances at it and nods again and continues to work on my hair. While he worked on my hair the English speaking worker talked to me about my hair and mentioned he used to do hair in LA. So I figure that's why he doesn't use photos. Although he's nice about it, it's probably insulting and he probably knows what looks best on people. My hair came out great. He seemed more upset about how the curls came out tighter than I wanted than I did. He showed me how to style my hair and then threw in free styling wax (normally $20 and I was about to go buy my own)  he said he threw it in because my hair was so fragile it was going to be frizzier than normal and he seemed apologetic even.  I wasn't surprised about any of this because I did my research and I know that I've done a number on my hair. He was really kind about telling me I had thinner hair due to previous damage, which is nice because most salons act almost mad at me for it. TL;DR-He did a great job-Super nice-When it wasn't exactly how I had showed him; I didn't care but he did so he gave me free product to help heal my hair and aid the curl-they brought me tea while the work was being done- he's a professional, don't bring in pictures and expect the best response or that exact hair cut. Professionals do what will be ideal for your hair and features. Not what some model can pull off.
5	We live in Cave Creek Az, My sister told me about Jim Jeon Hair Studio over year ago and We already had hair stylist that we have been going for over 8 years. My old hair stylist she is very good stylist and we really like her. One day I was out there with my sister and we were talking about my perm that I had gotten over 2 months ago and I was not happy with it. So my sister told my I should go to Jim Jeon Studio and to see if I can ge another perm if he has time since we were having lunch next door. So I got myself a New Perm and I was very happy with it and at that time I had my 12month old son who needed to get hair cut. I was very imperessed with his skills with cutting my son's hair. My baby didnt even cry. Then i brought my daughter to get her hair cut and my highlights done and overall we had a very good experience. My old hair stylist is only 20 mins away and Jim is an hour, although it is a whiles away we are willing to drive there to get our hair done. His english may not be the best, but if you explain to him what you want, it is worth it in the end. He's very fast and very good. We are one of those people who are picky with these kinds of things.
3	I was expecting a 25.00 haircut and was charged 30.00, thats fine, but it was hard to explain what I wanted to have the hair cut as to the hair stylist, he just did it so fast and it felt rushed. It was an okay do but eh.
