5	Thermal Imaging - Infrared to find termites. Best treatment available!
1	I was a customer of Poor Boy for over 15 years and was always very satisfied with their termite treatment where they would drill and trench the entire exterior of the home.  I had this treatment done 3 times, each 4-5 years apart as it was totally effective for that length of time.  In October 2012, I paid them for another treatment, but noticed this time they used infrared thermal imaging and only "spot treated" in the walls and other locations that they found evidence of termites.  This treatment was guaranteed for a year and needless to say, I had termite evidence and damage within a few months.  They came out and treated the same way (for no charge since it was guaranteed), but back came the termites!  After one year, I was given the option to pay for an extended warranty, but they would not agree to treat with any other system.  In my opinion, this latest thermal imaging technology is NOT EFFECTIVE at all!  Don't waste your money as termite treatments are expensive, and the damage the termites cause can be even worse!!!!  Better to find someone that uses the good old drill and trenching treatment!!!
5	When we moved into our house it had been treated twice with a drilling treatment. There are multiple sets of drill holes all over the house, even through the epoxy coated garage. We noticed right away that we still had termites in multiple rooms. Once Poor Boy came out they were able to find all the live termites using thermal imaging cameras and we haven't seen termites for years.
5	THANK YOU Poor Boy Termite, not only did I find myself with pesky termites but I had dry-woods AND subterranean (just my luck) I called and tried to price match with other companies just to make sure I was getting a good deal but Terminex never came out for the appointment I set, Action told me there is no way I could possibly have 2 types of termites and Bills Termites never even called me back. Poor Boy came out within 48hours and showed me exactly where the termites were in my wall with their thermal imaging camera so cool! So they knew exactly where to treat and almost 1 year later still no termites! They are very knowledgable about the pesticide thy use and answers allllll my questions if yore looking for an Eco friendly service and don't have to worry about pets or other critters getting into it call poor boy!This is a great family business I definitely recommend calling them, termites like bed bugs are something you don't want to mess around with or cheap out on. Totally worth the money and got a great deal on a 5year warranty. Thanks Poor Boy!
5	I like this company for a few reasons. The first is that they show up in a truck that looks like it could belong to anyone and doesn't scream " I  HAVE TERMITES" in the wrapper on the vehicle. Maybe I don't want everybody on my street to know my business, imagine that.Secondly, when I moved into this house 12 years ago, the house came with this companies 5 year warranty. They had done the drilling and the trenching like the commenter noted below, and they also do the thermal imaging. I can't say which is better because all of us everywhere we live in the desert have termites. And since I'm not a termite expert, I can't say which is better because both seem to be effective for my needs. Now the trenching, seems like it takes care of regular pest control needs for my house, my house however, has an extended cement patio, around three sides of it. So there would be no where for them to trench, other than the side of the foundation by the dog run.Lastly, I'm selling this house. I had the house treated and got a one year warranty for the new buyer cuz I'm nice and sweet like that. But, the company the buyer wants to use, needed to come and do an inspection. They wanted to see the company's paperwork that was here before they were. I showed them the paperwork from Poor boy, and they were like wow that's a good company,  we were with them for 20 years, before we decided to do our own company.I think that's pretty coincidental. I live way out in Surprise, this company is from Gilbert, and Poor boy is out in Scottsdale. Of all the companies in the valley that could have been the buyers termite  inspector, is the guy that comes out who worked for Poor boy and decided to start his own company so that his kid could work for him, I think that's pretty cool.
1	Not sure how their services are,  but whoever drives the black F150 with the company logo on it drives like an idiot.  He passed us going down FLW today weaving in and out of cars speeding like an a**.. Funny thing is down the road we passed them sitting at a light waiting to turn.  Just because of that.. I would never use them.
