3	Hit the bam-bam guy's new place in the palazzo. nice looking place ...didn't walk around it but what i saw - not too fancy...but nice.  bar area in the front, then they have a food bar in front of the kitchen so you can see them " do their thing."  of course, since i was dining solo - that's where i sat.  not very busy, but hey, it's a monday - most are driving or flying back home from the 3 day weekend.started with a foo-foo drink $14 ,,,some sort of fruit punch mix - nice juice taste..but didn't get much of an alcohol taste. the specialty drinks ...i believe they were all $14they give you parkerhouse rolls ...nice saltiness on the top - decent - nothing special - but goodthey had an apps section ( most around $12-18 ) a salad section...i didn't look at it ...wasn't in the salad mood - i went with a miso cod app with a slaw noodle topping ( not sure why i went with that ) the server told me it would be a 4-6 ounces...that surprised me - my guess - at most 4 ounces and probably closer to 3 ounces ...  - it had a nice flavor..but while i ate it ...kept saying to myself ,  i'm not at tao or social house...dummy !!  even stranger - had a fat tire ale ( $7.50 )  with the cod ... oh well...the mains - separate meat section ( deconstructed...asked the server ...huh ?  he said ...all it means is ala-carte...oh ok ...whatever ! )  filet, sirloin,,i believe there was a rib-eye too....the last item - short ribs ...server said it takes 3 days to make...again...not sure why...but i went with it ( $28 ) .  the special for the day was monkfish, there were also other entrees like rotisserie chicken, jambalaya, a pasta dish - there were 4 or 5 others...can't remember them.  they had sides - asparagus, mushrooms, mashed, all $7 the only expepensive side ...lobster mac and cheese....not lobster mashed potatoes....LOBSTER MAC AND CHEESE...$15...i didn't get it....CHICKEN !!!The short ribs - a large chunk of meat - about 6 ounces ..nice sauce....but a little unusual - like the meat was cooked in a different sauce....i didn't care for it overall.  the mushrooms in a pinot sauce...white shrooms...i think...didn't impress me.for dessert - the chef recommended the white chocolate malasaca's ( sp ) - almost went with it but then i saw the strawberry bread pudding with almond ice cream ...i should've listened to the chef ...the bread pudding was ok...just boring.... cost $9 - i believe most of the other desserts were similarly priced.total bill $96 ( also had a glass of pinot with the main entree )overall - ok - will i go back....probably not.
3	Wasn't our first choice to go to Table 10, and it was actually my first Emeril restaurant.Have to say--for all the hype of all of Emeril's restaurants in Vegas, I was surprisingly disappointed.We were one of the last tables seated and were informed immediately that the kitchen was closing in ten minutes. We both ordered the tomato bisque as a soup. I ordered the kobe sirloin and my vegetarian friend ordered the meat pasta, just minus the meat and plus vegetables. I must say that the server was very courteous throughout the meal. Bread service was good as well. The soups came out within reasonable time. Our entrees took FOREVER. I didn't even notice, but a table of four who sat down after us got their entrees BEFORE we got ours. Our server kindly pointed this out after assuring that someone would be looking into our order. Considering the location of the restaurant, I was disappointed at the speed at which my food came out. Apologies were given, but the quality of the food didn't make up for the disappointment at this point.In Table 10's defense, they did just open so maybe they're still figuring things out. For their sake, I hope they figure things out soon.
3	For starters, the tomato bisque was very good. The Table 10 salad was more or less just a plain salad. The bread, kind of a quasi-portuguese sweet roll, was really good when warm and fresh. The entrees were pretty good, though nothing was spectacular. We all ordered different items, including a couple of the specials. The seafood items were ok and the lobster pot pie had some whole pieces of claw meat. The rotisserie and beef entrees were good, as were the sides. The desserts were nice, but there was no bam to be found. Emeril's wines were surprisingly good. The rhone red blend was decent, the chardonnay much better. The service itself was hit or miss. Everyone was very friendly and our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu. The wine and starters all came out without a problem. Then we moved to our entrees. They were brought under those room service lids and placed on a tray next to our table. Where they sat for several minutes as 4 servers had to be rounded up to simultaneously place the dishes. And they didn't even need 4 because 2 servers gave us the mains while the other 2 gave us the sides - and there were only 2 side dishes. My dish probably wasn't piping hot as it was, but the extra wait basically made everything on my plate lukewarm. Being so close to the opening, I guess they're still working out some of the kinks. Having reservations on OT makes it somewhat more likely that I'll go back to see if they've worked things out.
4	I only had drinks at the bar here in the middle of a Monday but I thought it was a nice relaxing place for such an activity.  And, the bar itself is kinda cool.  The drinks were good (I had something fancy from the menu), the service was good and the bathrooms were nice.  They drinks were awfully pricey, though.  So, I think it's a good spot to chill for a quiet drink and then go back and gamble and get free drinks.  I would like to return here for dinner, although I do have to say that it would take a lot to make me go all the way into this part of the Palazzo for dinner when so many other options are closer.  I would pass others on the way and probably get distracted and go into them, instead.  So, maybe the location is better for drinks instead of dinner.
4	The food was delicious.  I ordered the Filet mignon and Australian lobster tail.  I know there are lots of steak and lobster deals in Vegas, but the quality here was exceptional, even when compared to Emeril's other restaurant, Delmonico's (inside Venetian).  I highly recommend the Lobster Pot Pie.  It was flavorful and probably the best thing I ate on the trip.  The drinks were good, but some were really potent; what else do you expect from a New Orleans style restaurant located in Vegas? The service was friendly and attentive.  The decor was nice, but only so-so compared with so many other upscale restaurants in Vegas.
4	Another delicious meal in Vegas! I've visited Emeril's in the MGM hotel a few times and have enjoyed every meal I've had there. So I was especially excited to try out his new venture at the Palazzo hotel. I was staying at the Wynn, so this was conveniently located "next door" and just a quick 10 min walk. To begin they have these fabulous warm fluffy and surprisingly slightly salty dinner rolls. Yes, salty. I loved this combination. The roll is served warm and buttery and has a light sprinkling of sea salt on top of the roll. Partnered with a small spread of butter it was a great way to begin the dining experience :)My friend and I started our meal with one of the daily specials, suggested by our server, Crab Cakes. Now I'll admit that these were pretty small. It's a serving of three cakes about 2-3 bites each. However, they were light on filler and and filled with crab. Though given their size I would've been incredibly disappointed had they been mostly bread crumbs. For dinner I had the Grilled Salmon. It was SOOOO good! Served atop a homemade chorizo and tortilla hash, with corn and a tomatillo relish. The Salmon had a great outer crust and was flaky and moist on the inside. The tortilla hash threw me a bit but was a great accompaniment to the fish. The tortillas were just tender (not crispy chips) and the chorizo was fairly lean and slightly spicy.  This "hash" would've been a great dish by itself! To share, my friend and I split the Lobster Macaroni and Cheese. WOW O WOW!!!! This truly is a meal in itself and at $17 it could be! This was not your everyday mac 'n' cheese. It was cheesy, creamy, warm, filled with large lobster meat bits and topped with a crusty baked crumb top. HEAVEN! It was soooo good! It  warmed your insides (even though it was 100 degrees outside!) and is simply comforting comfort food :)The service was prompt, friendly and courteous. Our server was warm and funny and a good sport. An overall GREAT experience, I'm just sad that we were too full to sample any desserts....there's always next time!
5	The food was wonderful!  I had the salmon and it was great!  Their seabass, ribeye steak, jambalaya pasta were also wonderful.  The wait staff is soooo friendly and they even give you a taste of something not on the menu, courtesy of the chef.  I guess someone told them it was my bday and so they gave me this birthday strawberry sorbet thing that was SOOOOOOOOO GOOD.  WONDERFUL.  GO HERE AND EAT.  Totally worth your money!
5	Table 10 was pretty much good as hell. The shrimp jambalaya was really good, and you don't even need to eat it with Shrimp. I don't really like shrimp because they are better used as fishing bait than to be consumed by humans. The pre-dinner bread was really great. I am not sure what they do to make it taste so good. Maybe it is injected with some kind of HGH or something. I will go here again provided it hasn't been leveled by the time I'm back in Vegas.
3	Pretty good but not spectacular.  I have to admit, the biscuits that they give you before your meal were really good..or it was because I was starving. The restaurant was fairly empty during the duration of our lunch here, maybe it's more of a dinner place. We started with the calamari which was alright, but after our appetizer we had to wait an eternity to get our entrees. The jambalaya here is wonderful, they use fresh hand made pasta, and the sauce is great but everything else was just mediocre.
4	After looking at the menus of several restaurants in the Palazzo/Venetian area, my bf and I decided to eat at Table 10. Our order: Bread: it was delicious! I think the top was slightly salted and its warm because they bring it to you directly from inside (?) so every time you finish your bread, they'll bring you another hot ONE. Not a basket where the bread will get cold, but one. =)Crispy Calamari (appetizer): it came with 2 dipping sauces. I forgot what they were but I absolutely LOVED one of them and hated the other. haha I like that the "crispy" calamari was soft, not too crispy. I think because of that, my bf wasn't as into it as I was. And it was a bit salty but I love salty food so it was perfect for me. Grilled Dry Aged 1855 Angus Rib Eye (my entree): I was very happy with this. I ordered it medium well and it was perfectly slightly pink. The grilled flavor was perfect especially with a slice of butter already melted on top. It wasn't tender but I wasn't really expecting that. My bf was surprised that I liked it because I tend to like food with rich flavors like with sauces and what not. Pasta Jambalaya (bf's entree): bf wasn't too happy with his jambalaya because he thought the flavor was too "fishy" probably from the shrimp. And he's very sensitive to that. I didn't taste it though because I couldn't even finish my own food!Fruit on the Bottom Lemon Creme Brulee (dessert): we are such creme brulee lovers and wow. This one was spectacular. I really like lemons too so the combination was great. I think the lemon flavor brought out the lightness of the creme brulee. On the bottom were blueberries. They were really sweet so combined it was a light yet fruity sweet (not sugar sweet) tasting creme brulee. mMmMMmm bf said that the creme brulee was the highlight of the meal for him. =)What made this experience even better that the service was excellent. My bf had ordered a half size wine bottle and they would constantly come and fill his cup to a certain amount after he takes like one sip. Our glasses of water were constantly refilled as well. And I like how they make a big deal out of presenting the entrees to the table at once so that we both get our food in front of us at the same exact time. They were very friendly and attentive. Great service!Link to restaurant: http://www.palazzolasvegas.com/table10.aspx
4	an emeril restaurant.  pretty easy to make a reservation for 8 of us at 8pm on saturday.  we arrive and it wasnt full.  the menu has a lot of things that look like they would be good.  i decided on the special which was monkfish with kale and lobster and bacon.  and also we shared some sides - pinot noir mushrooms, brocoli, and lobster mac and cheese.  others had the sea bass stuffed with crab, lobster pot pie, salmon, tomato bisque, and pasta jambalaya.  we all finished on pretty full stomachs.  some of us couldnt finish.my dish was pretty good.  pretty filling.  i tasted the tomato bisque and it was just ok.  it didnt have enough taste i dont think.  i liked the brocoli and mushroom sides we got.a waiter come and said he was our watier.  then some other waitress came to help us.  so that was confusing.  and when they came with our dishes it was all at once in wing formation.  pretty dramatic.
4	Came across this restaurant when I was reading my friend's check-in pamphlet at the Palazzo and Emeril's name caught my eye. Made a reservations for a party of 8 Saturday afternoon for the same night and was able to get a table at 7:30pm, which led me to think this place is not crowded. Arrived at the restaurant and seated us outside the restaurant by the shopping area, which was nice. Since I can only speak for the dished I ordered, I'll rate my dishes only.  I started off with the Sauteed Escargot. The escargots were shelled and sauteed over some sort of garlic sauce, I was surprised how many escargots were there and the texture was slightly chewy, which they should be. It was good but not great maybe because there wasn't enough gaaaaarlic. Then I ordered the special of the day, Monkfish with sauteed Main Lobster, this dish was very good. The monkfish was very simple and tender and the lobster has a buttery flavor, however there were only like 4-5 little pieces of lobster meat. I did not order any dessert but i had a taste of my friends Kahlua creme brulee, it had a very strong espresso flavor and was very smooth.Overall, the service was subpar, food was good, price was a bit on the high side but expected, very friendly ambiance, and most of all I had a good meal with my friends.
3	I give this 3.5 stars.We had a party of 8 and we were seated outside on a patio-like area. The view? ohhhh...a make-up store and escalators. Ambiance? Clicking heels and bright lights. I think dinner would've been much better if we were actually able to experience the restaurant itself...you know..like INSIDE.The bread - I don't find it very tasty...it tasty like a watery dinner roll.The bf and I shared the tartare appetizer and it was DELICIOUS! Two friends had the gumbo and it was really tasty. The Table 10 salad came with a parmesan thing and it was gooood. I really wanted to get the tomato bisque but I didn't want to ruin my appetite.The entree's were okay. I had the salmon and the bf had the seabass. Both were very good. Mine came on top of a chorizo/tortilla mixture of some sort, his..with some weird...we couldn't figure it out. Too lazy to look at the menu again..... Peter L had the monkfish, which sounded good except I don't eat lobster. A few friends had the jambalaya which looked and sounded really good. It was a big big big portion. The lamb was apparently good because my friends plate was CLEAN.For dessert, I shared the Kahlua creme brulee. YUM!!!!!!!I would definitely come back for appetizers, drinks and dessert... maybe a before-a-late-dinner meal?
4	meh. it was ok. We started out with Escargot, which I thought was ok but my honey hated it. Then the lamb. I ordered the lamb and my guy ordered the steak. The steak was meh. It was blend. My lamb was absolutely fantastic on the other hand. My guy also ordered asparagus on the side, and I ordered the pinot noir mushrooms on the side. Asparagus was nothing exciting, but the mushrooms were excellent. So it turns out, whatever I ordered was fantastic five stars but whatever my guy ordered was meh three stars. Average the stars out and you get four.
5	This might just be one of the best meals we've ever had, and that is a lot coming from a couple of Foodies like us. This is an Emeril Lagasse restaurant and we've dined at a few of his restaurants before. We actually called down to the Concierge at the Venetian to ask for their recommendation for a nice dinner for a group. They suggested Table 10 in The Palazzo. The restaurant and the menu was completely unexpected because it is a different dining experience compared to other Emeril restaurants. Everything was a mouth- watering, taste- bud teaser experience. Food for the soul. Some of our favorites include the lobster pot pie, grilled asparagus, and baked lobster mac and cheese. Our friends had the Jambalaya and was completely satisfied as were we. Truly a meal not to forget.
5	I was skeptical about going to a place that "is" someone's restaurant. Also, Emril is a great guy and all, but over the last decade, all I've ever seen of his work is casseroles and gumbo served to grandmothers on FoodTV. So stopping in to table 10 I was very glad to see I was wrong.Dishes we tried:Tomato Bisque: I hate tomato soup and this was amazing.Gumbo: I can't really eat shellfish, but I tasted and it was great as well, i just swelled up a little afterward. WORTH IT.Fillet: Had it medium rare with a side of mushrooms. The steak was cooked just as requested and tasted great. The mushrooms in wine were nothing special at all. It was just some craminis with wine. I've made the same dish home plenty of time. A spring of fresh thyme does not a fancy dish make.Salmon: This was pretty unique and I liked it a lot. It was a grilled salmon on top of what I can only describe as a tortilla bed. Kinda different, good!Lamb: Cooked to perfectionCoffee Cake: This was a great dessert, but it was the doughnut things that shined.Doughnuts: I can only describe these as white chocolate filled chorro flavored doughnut holes with a icing. My brain exploded at this point.
3	The best rolls I have ever had, but that was about it. I had the chicken with vegetable couscous and it wasnt anything special. I was part of a party of 5 and none of us were too happy with our entrees. The Calamari tasted like it should have been in a mexican restaurant and the pork inside of the spring rolls was way too hard, probably cause it was old.
4	Eh, so honestly this is between a 3 and a 4, but I decided to round up because it's friday and I'm in a nice mood. To preface this, I was there for a work dinner so while I did look at prices, I wasn't price sensitive.Drinks: freaking awesome. Interesting ingredients, well prepared, pretty, etc. At $15 a pop they better be!Rolls: I don't get all the hype here.. I'm a carb addict and these were just ok to me. I'd rate the ones at Cut much better.Appetizers: Calamari was very tasty. Pork rolls were just kinda eh, and crab cake (on special) was nothing great. I also got the sashimi trio and this was my fav dish of the night. Tuna, Hamachi, and Salmon all marinated and cubed with different little textured breads in them. YUM, I was quite impressed. A decent portion... for an appetizer ($13) I think  2 could share it comfortably. Entree: I had the much raved about salmon.. while it was good, I wasn't thinking OMG this is the best salmon ever. Everyone seemed happy with their entrees, but no one was raving about them. Dessert: those donut ball thingys are off the hook. If anyone loved them, I recommend you also try the beignets at Bouchon.. nearly as good, and bigger sized!Service was excellent, and atmosphere was nice. I LOVED the open kitchen.. for some reason I find those fun and interesting to stare at. I think the service/open kitchen is why I'm giving it the half star roundup !
3	Table of 9 went to Table 10 over the weekend to try Emeril's new restaurant housed at the Palazzo in Vegas. We went to dinner at 7:00pm on a saturday evening and the restaurant was probably 35-40% full.Decor: Interior decor was nice,  had a modern steakhouse feel to it with an illuminated bar.  Our table was actually outside on the indoor "terrace" meaning we got a chance to people watch people walking through the casino.  Although the tables inside were made of wood, our table outside was made of copper and I could smell copper throughout our whole dinner experience so that did put a damper on the dining experience (I would recommend a seat inside the restaurant).Food: The food is upscale big easy Louisiana inspired seafood. We had a sampling of pretty much the entire menu: creole mahi mahi, seafood jambalaya, halibut, lobster pot pie, calamari, lobster mac & cheese, and crab beignets.  The food was o.k., nothing to rave about on the car ride back to Los Angeles that's for sure and I love Cajon/Creole food. The lobster mac & cheese sounded so good (I'm a huge fan of cheese) but it was actually a little too cheesy and salty.  The two pretty decent dishes were the seafood jambalaya and the lobster pot pie which was pretty creative but at $38 an entree, it should be creative!This was our first Emeril dining experience, too bad it wasn't "BAM".
2	We visited here shortly after it opened, the place was near-empty, and I figured out why.  The food here was just OK, and quite overpriced.  Given the huge choice of fancy restaurants in Vegas, and the presence of an in-n-out burger, I see no reason to eat here.  Portions weren't huge, and my pasta jambalaya was bland and generally lacking in meat.  I assume it's gotten better since it opened, but the impression I got on my trip won't get me in the door again.
3	The comment from the concierge that "the restaurant that you probably could have gotten reservations to is just down the promenade and near the stairs" pretty much sums up the restaurant.The decor is nice, the food good and the service solid.  Nothing too impressive.  My surf and turf was too salty and the appetizers that we got, the lobster macaroni & cheese and calamari, were decent.  Overall, it's a solid place to grab a bite to eat, but with all of the other restaurant options in Las Vegas, this is probably one to skip unless you have a large party and need a place at the last minute.
2	People, let's be fair with our reviews of Table 10.  I could have avoided this restaurant and hopefully would have countless others.  Table 10 gets two stars only thanks to very good service and would receive one star merely on food.  We spent about $100 per head and would have preferred that we had just eaten sushi next door.  The disappointments, in order, were were dry, old biscuits that should have been thrown out; a wedge salad that was swimming in watery dressing; sterile gumbo that Emeril's mother would smack him for serving; blackened mahi mahi that had very little flavor served over bland, soggy polenta; and finally cinnamon-sugar doughnuts (Malassadas) that were unfortunately recommended and had less taste and appeal than two-day old Dunkin Doughnut holes (ok, they may actually have been that old). There were only two bright spots from the food, the fried calamari had a light but flavorful batter and a soft texture and the lobster pot pie was fully of generous claw meat and crispy vegetables (the only crispy ones that were served).  My other compliment goes to the well trained staff who were friendly, attentive, and helpful.  If the dishes they recommended were this bad, I can only imagine what we missed.  What is to be done with Table 10?  I hope close it down and send more business to the well-run establishments like Delmonicos and Fish House in Las Vegas.  I love NOLA (the hickory roasted duck may be the best in the country, better than Gary Danko here in SF) and Emeril's in New Orleans and know that there is a something there I can, or could, trust for well-seasoned, exciting, and fresh food with signature BAM! In one word: Avoid
2	For the price we paid...the food was not worth it. Our group of 4 ordered 3 different main dishes (the salmon, the tuna and the lobster pot pie), a common appetizer (calamari) and individual starters. Before I move on, I need to say that the service was great - my main crib is about the food. Calamari was decent, but you could get better at any local seafood place. I ordered the gumbo to start with and I must say that I was really disappointed. After watching Emeril's show - I expected his recipes to be a lot better. The gumbo was gritty by design, mushy and didnt really give you the fresh seafood taste. After eating this in a couple of joints in New Orleans, I can say that this definately wasn't up to the mark. We all tasted each other's food and I have to say that the lobster pot pie was the pick of the lot followed by the salmon. For God's sake don't get the Tuna.
4	Went here with another couple for a special vacation we all took. We actually got a reservation that same night.We all loved it. We had calamari to start which was great. I had lobster mac & cheese and a lobster tail dish. The lobster tail, was a little tough, but it was good. The place was pretty empty for a Thursday. The service was great. The men had a jambalaya dish and they were loving it. Our other friend had a lobster pot pie, which I heard was very filling but she loved it too.I would definitely return here while in Vegas.
4	Table 10 is right next to Sushi Samba in the Palazzo.. It has a relaxing ambiance of dark colors and glass I really liked the look of this place.. The service was very good the warm fresh cooked bread is so warm and soft...  I had the Mahi Mahi sandwich on fresh cooked bread it was warm and moist and melted in your mouth very good for a nice light lunch..  Not as much flavors as other Emeril spots,  Food I would rate a 3 but Service and Ambiance bump it up to a 4 star rating....
3	Table 10. Hmm.... Three yelp stars. I expected more from the guy who's face is on the hot sauce bottle in my pantry. There were six of us on a sunday evening. We basically had the place to ourselves. The service was impeccable but having worked for years as a server I expect nothing less on a slow night. We started out with wine and appetizers. It's hard to go wrong with wine when my stepdad picks(and is buying for that matter). Calamari and escargot were nothing to write home about. The calamari had a weird texture almost like it wasn't quite done and the aioli was bland. I was even more disappointed with the escargot. Hardly any flavor to it at all. My filet on the other hand was cooked to perfection. Although as long as you don't overcook it filet is good without any help. The smashed potatoes were the best I've ever had. No dessert. Didn't see one that stood out to me which shouldn't be that hard to do. The ambiance was great except for the the way the bar was set up. Every time the bartender set the bar down behind him it was so loud it made me jump. I also loved all the open kitchen and the spice shelves (emeril needs more than a rack apparently) although I thought the Costco size tub of Zatarains seasoning was weird(yes I know he's from New Orleans). One of these things is not like the other.... I would go back but would not be at the top of my list. I just felt a little let down by this famous food network guy.
2	Came here a month ago while staying at the Palazzo (restaurant is in that hotel). Service was good.  Prices, quality, and quantity of food was not. The crab appetizer tasted ok, but was small and expensive. The lobster pot pie didn't have much lobster in it, and had a lot of here and there vegetable scraps or something like that in it.  Sorry Emeril.
4	We ended up eating here NYE.  Since we didn't have reservations at any restaurants, I was just hoping to find a place that would seat us.  The hostess told us they were booked, but that we could eat at the bar, which served their regular menu.  I expected the food to be good, after all it is an Emeril Lagasse restaurant, and was not disappointed.  We had the Escargot, a special salad they had that night and the Lobster Pot Pie.   The sauce served with the escargot had great and different flavors, and the bread that comes with it made the dish so yummy altogether.  The Lobster pot pie looks small, but even shared between two people, it was very filling and satisfying.   Our server at the bar was very friendly and helpful.
2	Not bad but not worth the price.  I had jambalaya, which the server gushed about, but it was made with soggy orzo instead of rice which, being Asian, seems just sacrilegious to me.  My husband had the roast chicken, which was just okay, and he was peeved about having to order asparagus on the side.  Someone else at the table ordered a duck dish that had a nice, round flavor to it.  My cocktail was kind of gross--some monstrosity with big slogs of ginger chunks in it.  I like ginger but I don't like it that much, kids.The best thing about the meal were the appetizers.  I remember the crispy shrimp toast one which was delicious.  If I had to come here again (not by choice, probably), I would like to just get a bunch of appetizers to share.This restaurant made me feel ripped off.  One goes to Las Vegas to feel baller, not ripped off.  Oh well.
3	I thought about this review for a while.  The thing is, I had read about this place in Frommer's and this was a place they highly recommended, due to its reasonable (for Vegas) prices and high quality Emeril fare.  Vegas, as a whole, is incredibly high-priced and if you're not ready to routinely spend about 100 dollars a meal, I wouldn't go.  Unless you buffet it (and even though, that can get pricey).  OK, so I know that's not entirely true, but that's how it felt at least, not wanting to eat food court fare.  Perhaps I'm just spoiled.In any case, we were excited about Table 10, and we ordered a calamari starter, the pork tenderloin and scallops.  All were delicious, although ultimately I believe it gave me food poisoning.  The pork was so tender, and thinking back on it, probably undercooked.  I did, after all, spend the entire next day reversing my fortune.It was good food though, and pretty reasonably priced for Vegas.  If I'm going to go all out next time though, I might just head for the Wynn or Bellagio, I kind of wanted to try out the restaurant Picasso.
4	I was excited to try this place when I went to Vegas. It was difficult to find, for some reason I was under the impression it was in MGM. I had ordered the Lobster Mac & Cheese and the Jambalaya. I was surprised to see that the Jambalaya had noodles instead of rice and even though our server raved on about how filing it was, it looked watery. But he was right, it was really filling & really good! The Lobster Mac & Cheese was okay, worth trying. But I wouldnt get it again.The boyfriend ended up getting the Roast Chicken I believe. With a side that was kind of like rice but tasted like pancit (filipino noodles). The chicken was really juicy and it was really really good. For dessert we shared a Creme Brulee I believe. It was good, but it wasnt worth finishing.The waiter was very friendly, helpful and attentive. I enjoyed my experience here.
4	I'd give this place 5 stars if it wasn't SO damned overpriced!  I mean...really...overpriced.The ambiance is a tad dark and romantic on the interior with a pretty cool glass partitioned room filled with wine dividing two dining areas.  I think if I were to eat here again, i'd request a seat inside.  We sat out on the patio...if you can call it that...more of a gated off section in the mall area of the Palazzo.  It was bright, loud, but great for people watching...I give it that!The service is FANTASTIC...they give you three servers per table and when the food comes out, it ALL comes out...in one swoop.  So no waiting for your honey's plate to come out while yours sits there in front of you cooling off...THAT, I like!As for the food, have to say, quite impressive but not for the cost.  We started with the escargot which was served up inside what appeared to be fried potato skins with a wine demi-glaze of sorts.  Divine flavor...the perfect blend of sweet and sultry.Entrees...mom had the sea scallops which, if you like scallops, were pretty good.  They were served up in a bowl in some sort of corn and sweet tomato sauce.  I had the filet with the add-on of lump crab and chive butter and my honey had the lamb atop mashed potatoes. And funny thing, looking at the menu from their site now...NONE of the things we ate are even on there aside of the snails!  What the?  Most of the items I see on their online menu are less expensive than what we ate...My filet alone (thanks mom for paying for dinner by the way!  whew...) was $38...for JUST the steak!  The crab add-on was another $15!!  And no veggie.  Just the beef and shellfish...$53.  Like I said...OVERPRICED.  Excellent but not worth the cost...The lamb on the menu is listed as $27 but when we had it...$38.  You would think in a recession that they'd LOWER, not RAISE the cost.For desert...we had a trio of dishes.  I had the blueberry bread pudding with lemon and caramel sauce, mom had the chocolate malted creme brulet, and the honey had these little donut thingies which were essentially balls of white chocolate wrapped up in a donut hole and then deep fried.  Yuuuuuuum.Overall...lovely meal but I won't be hitting up the place any time soon seeing as i'm unemployed. :(  I'd suggest saving up and splurging here or just taking your business to another establishment where you might get a little more for your $.
5	A friend of mine set up a chef's table here for me and some of my crazy college friends -- lots of fun.  We ended up with a five course tasting menu of things that are not on the regular menu (other than the malasadas): Course 1: Coriander crusted ahi with pineapple salsa, smoked paprika oil, and sweet soy glazeCourse 2: Seared scallop on mango risotto with chimichurri butter sauceCourse 3: Halibut with sake-braised bok choy, shaved fennel, red onion and shiitake mushrooms in spicy ginger brothCourse 4: Filet mignon on lobster mashed potatoes with foie gras and mushroom ragoutCourse 5: The famous malasadas, but also carrot cake, flourless chocolate cake, coconut cream pie in tuile with chocolate whipped cream, and a malted creme brulee with malted milk ball chocolate shardsEveryone freaking adored the scallop, and the filet was amazing too.  It was really fun just turning up with absolutely no idea what to expect and having tasty food appear in front of us.  Best part: we'd been told to expect to pay around $200 apiece, but even with three (out of five) of us doing wine pairings it came out to $110 apiece with tip.  Chef's table here is not in the kitchen, but it's behind a couple panels of electrochromic glass which they'll switch on for you so you can feel extra special and secret.   The whole experience is definitely a Vegas kind of thing to do!
5	For the reviewer who said with the presence of in n out, she probably shouldn't have come to table 10 in the first place!  When you're in Vegas, be prepared to fork out a couple extra bucks for good food.Table 10 is a unique style.  It's supposed to be somewhat of a fine-dining place, hence the location in the Palazzo Hotel in the shoppes, but at the same time it's supposed to be casual dining as well.  The prices aren't as high as Emril's other fine dining places such as Delmonico's but of course not as low as fast food like in n out. *chuckles*After my friends went to go see Jersey Boys, we met them up here for dinner around 9:45.  The close at 10 but the gladly welcomed us in.  First the bread came out and the rolls were warm and soft!  Very yummy!We started off with the calamari which was pretty good but I've had better.  The parsley lemon aioli was  pretty tasty.  We also got to sample the tuna tartar since they heard it was my friend's 25th birthday!  That was really good too!My boyfriend and I shared the duck which was marinated in coca cola for 4 days and after it was prepared and it created a nice glaze that made the skin so crispy!  It was by far the best duck I've had!!  The portion was so much that my boyfriend and I had split that dish and we both didn't finish!As for sides, we got the baked truffle mac and cheese! Delicious!The mashed potato!  The best also that I've ever had! So creamy!The frites - this I can totally pass on!!The lychee martini supposedly was super good!  The birthday girl got it and her and her boyfriend absolutely loved it!I would definitely come here again!  The food was great and so was the service!
3	Dined solo at this low-key sports-bar joint in the Palazzo.  The friendly bartender made up for the hostess' arrogance.  Fair wine selection, but limited menu options - especially if you are vegetarian.  The design is nice and it's fun to be able to watch the chefs preparing your food in what appears to be their very clean kitchen.  I had the burger and 3 bean salad with a nice glass of white wine, everything was tasty - but I wouldn't bother dining here again unless I happened to be hungry and standing outside.
3	My very first experience at one of Emeril's restaurants, and it was a decent one. Since my sis liked it the last time she visited, she decided it was worth another try. I have mixed feelings about this placeThis restaurant had spectacular service, i have to admit. For our party of 6, felt like there was an army of servers, ready and awaiting our every need.  They were constantly refilling drinks and water and made sure we always had bread on our plate.  My napkin was folded when i came back from the restroom, which i always seem to use as a good measure of service. My favs were the country gumbo with steamed rice and the prime pork tenderloin.As for the prime certified ribeye, I've definitely have had better.  Maybe worth another try? we'll see...
5	So good!!! Although ... I have to admit that I may be partial to Mr. Lagasse ... NOLA in NOLA is FANTASTIC too! Its been some time since I was here last but the Lobster Mac N Cheese and pasta jambalaya is a truly decadent experience! Would do it over and over again ... at least until the button on my pants gives. Mmm ....
2	Ehh.... it was our last meal in Vegas. Maybe we were Vegas out or just had too much wonderful food to compare it to (Buchon and Batali???) But Emeril just couldn't compare. Shared the gumbo and mac cheese - nothing spectacular.  The service was poor.  Not very attentive, water glasse needed re-filling...I am not sure if it was because we were in a large group in the back and they were trying to give us privacy.  Nah - there is no privacy as the back opens to the kitchen and the waitstaff had to pass us. So I guess they just suck.
5	This was our last meal here in Las Vegas and it was really good.  I know I may not go to too many fine dining restaurants and so maybe my opinion would not count so much.  But I had the scallops which had lima beans and crab meat. We had the calamari which was good and they give you a ton too believe it or not and so crispy. I like the sauce as well. I tried the salmon and it was nice and moist hehehe =)  Anyways it was good. The service was pretty good and food came out at a reasonable time .
4	We had a 7pm reservation here on a Friday night. We wanted a great dinner before walking over to the Mirage to see the Love show. We have eaten at one other Emeril's restaurant, not in Vegas, so we had high expectationals because of the reputation of his restautrants. We started with the scallops appetizer which was delicious! We both love scallops so hoped we would enjoy. The scallops were cooked perfectly and the sauce was wonderful. The wine list was pretty good. not the best I have seen, but I had a nice pinot grigio to start and had a pinot noir with dinner...both enjoyable.We both had steak, filet if I can remember for dinner....cooked once again very well...props to the chef...she did a great job with everyrthing...service was very attentive, although we ate early in the evening so the restaurant wasn't full.We would definitely go back...located in the beautiful Palazzo Hotel and Casino.
3	Had reservations for 7 people on Saturday night and they were able to give us a round table. Yay for round tables cuz you can actually talk to everybody in your group. The rolls were tasty and come out hot from the oven. I'm sure a lot of butter was used in them. I ordered the striped bass and it was cooked well. The dish was literally the whole fish, minus the head. The skin was taken off the meat, but it was draped back over the fish for presentation. Didn't choke on any bones, another plus. This seems like a healthier choice from the menu, since it's like steamed fish, but who knows how much butter was actually used!The mushroom side was super buttery as well. No BAM! from my meal. It was a nice dinner with good ambiance. The food took forever to come out.
5	Walked in on a Monday night without reservations. We were seated immediately at our table. Here are some little details I especially enjoyed: * tables were spaced out so we were not on top of other patrons* waiter was completely fine when we just ordered water, no wine * waiter made a good recommendation on dessert (malassadas)* service was quick, friendly, and professional. They even went over all the nuances of the menu with us. We had the: * truffle mac and cheese (very truffly!) * salad with pine nuts, shaved parmesan, and blackberries (that evening's special) * Grilled and Seared Mahi Mahi* Blue Crab Cake (very crabby! no filler) All the food was, as expected, delicious. The only small downside is that the view from the restaurant is hideous, you are basically looking into the shopping mall. Perhaps good if you like people watching though.
3	What a disappointment to have Emeril's name on this establishment. For a Friday night in Las Vegas the restaurant was not fully staffed and service was reflective of that. The food was ok at best. Not near the "BAM" Emeril is known for. Similar experience that is found at a chain restaurant.
1	I had a quick lunch here before some friends were leaving vegas. The food I thought was mediocre. Maybe I had expected more from the name. The chicken salad was ok. I think the best thing was the drinks in which the waiter suggested a lychee martini. Service was good and decor was nice.
4	Got the special steak and lobster tail. Both very good.The Iceberg Wedge salad which was good, but the dressing was missing a little something...Streak was cooked perfectly and very tasty.Bread was amazing. Will definitely be back.
5	We had a great time, the staff was wonderful.  We had the pan seared scallops for an appetizer,  GF had the Monkfish with pasta, and I had the Creole Seared Mahi Mahi.  Food was great, very tasty and would go back to this place in a heart beat.
4	We had 5 pm reservations because we had a 7 pm show to make at the Wynn. We let the waitress know and she was really good at keeping us on track and we made our show on time. Also, there were way too many people waiting on us than necessary. That said, I was really worried that the food might be crappy because we were on a rushed schedule. I was wrong! Appetizers: We ordered crab cakes and calamari. The calamari was good, but we were wondering where the sauce was till the waitress noticed, and brought it. By then we were ready for our main course and they were about 2 min away. The crab cakes were good, but you have to avoid the cream sauce surrounding it. The sauce just made the crab cake too heavy. Main course: Everyone loved their food. It was a table for 11, so we got a little of everything. I'll try to rehash what I can remember. When the food came out, I thought they looked a little small, but I didn't even finish my food! I had the Creole Spiced Mahi Mahi. Sooo good. The chorizo was a little too spicy, and I usually have a pretty good tolerance. Another girl at the table ordered the lobster dome, and it was good, but the cream tends to become too much after a while. Scallops were fantastic, no complaints there. The bone-in strip was cooked perfectly. The lemon & herb chicken was really good and the gnocci was delicious with the sweet corn. The duckling was huge, and fantastic. Slightly sweet but played off the marinade. The butternut squash reminded me of sweet potato fries. Oh also, we got in just in time for the end of happy hour. Everyone loved the mojitos. Can't taste the rum, and the mint wasn't over powering. Some of us (ok, me) were double fisting. We really enjoyed our meal and everyone agreed this was our best meal all weekend.
3	I had dinner here with 3 other people. Two of us got the mahi mahi -- cooked perfectly, but lacking in flavor. I was expecting the spices to hit me up side the head. BAM! But, unfortunately it fell flat. They should have kicked it up a notch. We also got the prime ribeye -- lots of flavor and tender. The last dish was the scallops. Definitely the best of the night. I was eyeing that dish all night after I had a bite and wished I had gotten that instead of the mahi mahi. The service was great. I think we had a team of people waiting on us. It was an enjoyable experience all around but the food just wasn't spectacular. With all the other places to eat around town I doubt I'll be back.
4	My hubby really wanted to try Emeril's table 10....I on the other hand am not a huge fan of New Orleans style cooking, but I'm always game to try something fresh.  We were the only ones dining for lunch because we got there right as they opened at 11AM.  He had the po boy and I had rotisserie chicken salad.  My salad was pretty tasty and he really enjoyed his po boy, so all in all it made for a great place to catch lunch before hitting the tables.
4	Service was fantastic.  So fantastic that when I whined about being "ma'amed" he loudly "missed" me the next time.  Aw.  Thanks server.  Ego stroking is good for your tip.  That sounds filthy, but it's Vegas so I'm leaving it.  The food was good - the group chowed through the calamari and seemed to really like them.  I personally don't eat the chewy little rings.My salad was bomb; I always love the salad dressings at Emeril's restaurants and this was no exception.  It was the mixed greens with a roasted tomato vinaigrette.The table shared the smashed potatoes, garlicky mushrooms and truffled mac n cheese.  I also got a yummy bite of steak from a handsome dining companion and a scallop from the generous Denise F.  Both were phenomenal.  My pork with mashed sweet taters was good, but I think I like mine from Iron Chef Battle Chocolate a bit more; sorry Emeril.  I outbammed you.My spiced pear and ginger collins rocked the house and the Laetitia pinot went well with both the steak and the pork.
4	An enjoyable evening with friends and thanks to Faye M for treating us to dinner. The food is excellent especially the truffled mac and cheese. I had the rib eye and it was prepared exactly how I ordered it. From a value perspective dining here comes up short, you are paying for expensive real estate at the Palazzo Casino and for Emeril's name so don't expect
4	My first thought walking into this restaurant: "Emeril, don't let me down." And he sure didn't. The service was great. Everything was in front of me before I even thought to ask of it. The food was of high quality and very fresh. I had a 3 crab salad, which consisted of fresh crab legs (already split, less work for me), crab salad with capers, and steamed shelled crab. Yum!I We also split the chicken salad as an appetizer, which besides the walnuts, was quite good. Definitely lived up to the name.
2	Totally underwhelmed and it took 45 minutes to bring out a mediocre po-boy sandwhich and a jumbalaya.  We just sat there twiddling our thumbs eating some bread (which was probably the best part of the meal to be honest). We weren't even given any explanation until we were paying our bill.  Apparantly Emeril was in town and was going to drop by the restaurant and everyone was on "pins and needles"...I'd think they'd want to step up their game instead of fall on their ass? Waiter seemed to be pretty knowledable, they must have trained him with a script because the way he described the food (great) did not match up to the final result (not so great). Started off with Calamari, which was about average. The dipping sauces were non-descript but the banana peppers were a nice touch on the top.  The carnitas po-boy was very mediocre. The fried pickles were not worth mentioning and the taste was something I could replicated if I got some french bred, put deli cole-slaw in there with some carnitas from baja fresh.  Keep in mind, perhaps I would only use 1/3 of the amount of carnitas from a baja burrito as there was barely any on the sandwich.
4	Went here for an event dinner with a set 5 course meal. I was expecting a lot since it is Emeril Lagassi's restaurant.Overall the food was VERY rich. Dishes you can really enjoy in small quantities. So I was happy to have 5 courses of different flavors. Appetizers - Mushroom dumplings were actually really really good. Made out of similar wraps they use at chinese restaurants. Other appetizers included shrimp. All I have to say is I've never seen such a big juicy shrimp! man! delicious!Course 1 was a "organic" salad - nothing specialCourse 2 was a serving of 2 big ravioli's filled with shredded bbq pork. It was SO sweet. The first bite was good, but I really hesitated in finishing the 2nd ravioli. The entire thing was drenched in teriyaki sauce. I did appreciate the chesse among the beef, it had a bitter kick to the sweetness. I could see a lot of people appreciating the saltiness of the beef with the sweetness of the sauce.. but I was not a fan.Course 3 was Mahi Mahi. It was supposed to be seared, but definately cooked all the way through.  This was my favorite dish of the night. I could tell the work and effort it took to make all the flavors in this dish come together. The fish was on top of a corn puree with tortilla chips. Almost like a gourmet fish/mexican dish! You really had to taste each individual sauce and component to decipher what it was. But when put together, it worked so well! Fish was DELICIOUSLY cooked!Course 4 - prime rib! Huge portion and i had 2 bites and left the rest of the plate. The meat was on top of mash potatos and asparagus. Most of the prime rib came out medium to rare and made a bunch of us a little queezy. I thought it was delicious, but was too full by this point. Dessert - creme brulee. I was expecting.. crunch on top, light cream in the middle. NO. We got the thickest pudding/fudge chocolate... I took one bite and left the rest there also. But I did hear that their desserts are excellent here. Overall, the food was all very different. Semething you definately can't find most places - especially the combination of ingredients!  Felt like all the dishes were well thought out and put together. And of course - the service was excellent!
5	While enjoying the finer Las Vegas dining lairs, my squeeze and I headed to the Palazzo and decided to ""Grab a bite" rather than fuss with the pomp and circumstance and the fancy filigree at the upscale Wynn snooteries. With no reservation, we were ready for a dinner on a whim. We decided to pick Emeril Lagasse's latest venture, Table 10, billed as an ode to his humble beginning with a menu that leans towards the comfort food side of cuisine. We were seated presently on a Friday night and were immediately wow'ed by the stylish decor and attentive friendly service. But it was the food that upstaged everything. I had the finest grilled shrimp I've ever tasted, and the small filet and mashed potatoes were perfection. My love had pork tenderloin which was just outstanding. The food was rich and perfectly flavored, the kitchen quick but not rushed and the prices fair.. Really, it couldn't have been a better surprise. TIP: If you're single, they have a table bar at the rear of the restaurant that overlooks the sparkling kitchen. Would be a fun place to see the chef's at work.
2	Went there for lunch and had the burger.  Service was very slow.  The bread was very good but the rest of the food was nothing special
3	I had the salt and pepper fish, which wasn't as good as I would have hoped.  The appetizers and side dishes were all very good, including potatoes and spinach.  The dessert was really great, though I was stuffed, I still managed to make room. ;-)
5	We had lunch here and I was very impressed. The food was excellent! We shared a salad, vegitarian grilled cheese, and a mahi-mahi sandwich. This was not your ordinary grilled cheese-- this was amazing- served panini style stuffed with yummy vegatables- it was SO good! Everything was delicous, and the ambiance and service were good as well.
2	This is the second Emeril resturant I tried and once again very disppointed. The food wasn't all that great and the prices were very high. I came here with my family of 14 on Sunday to celebrate my niece's birthday. The place wasn't crowded at all but they had to wait until everyone showed up before seating us. When I looked at the menu, nothing really stood out to me that I really wanted. Since I had a very late lunch I wasn't all that hungry anyways. I ordered the roasted butternut squash. I tried to request to omit the better, but the waiter told me that it was pre roasted, which means by the time I ate it, it was either microwaved or reheated. However, it was good, but something I could have made at home and save $10.My husband ordered calamari and it was something he could have got at the Cheesecake Factory for 1/2 the price. The rest of the family order some other dishes (too much to list). My sister didn't enjoy the food at all. Asteria in Burglingame,CA was better. So we left very disappointed. In fact, one of my sister and nephew had to order room service a couple of hours later due to hunger.I will try my best not to go to another Emeril;'s resturant again. Both time I spent a lot of money and left very disappointed.PROS:-clean placeCONS:-service was slow considering the resturant wasn't busy. We kept on having to ask for more water. Our food nearly took an hour to arrive. We almost got up and left.-food didn't worth the price-DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT order the truffle mac n cheese. It was disgusting. It tasted like throw-up.-The cream of spinach was lacking flavor.
4	The greatest thing about Table 10 is the calamari and the cocktails.  If nothing else, sit at the bar and just enjoy and appetizer and drink.The service is always outstanding.I did have the surf and turf, though, and was extremely disappointed.  It just completely lacked flavor.  Not at all what I would expect from Emeril.  We never said anything or complained, but I did write a comment about it on the back of our credit card receipt (after we'd paid, when we were leaving the tip).  Well, when we got the credit card bill later, they actually did not charge us for the surf and turf.  We were pretty impressed and appreciative of that.
4	We were in town for the CES convention and ate at a number of great and not so great places. This was our first visit to Table 10 and it was a wonderful experience. The wait staff was perfect not distant not hanging around too much. The food from corn chowder soup to scallops to pork tenderloin were all wonderfully seasoned and just plain good. Our 4 person party all had different things and sharing was the order of the day including the Mac and cheese... We had a nice wine and the dinner was just great. I have eaten at NOLA in new Orleans and it has the same feel to it. If I had to say one thing bad about the place was how often when making a reservation the Host told me about the dress code smart-casual attire whatever that is. I wore business casual and it seem to fit in ok I didn't feel under dressed.All in all a great experience.
3	This is the second of Emeril's restaurants that I've been too and it'll probably be the last.  The food is competently prepared but not particularly creative or very flavorful.  Oh, and stay away from the over priced & under flavored Truffled Mac & Cheese.On the other hand, the staff was helpful, prompt and pleasant without being overly familiar or hovering.  Truly great service.  That might be because the restaurant was pretty slow...which was odd since it was Super Bowl weekend and Vegas was pretty busy.
2	Was very underwhelmed with Table 10. After our meal we were wishing we spent the extra coin and gone to Delmonico. We had the calamari, which was pretty good. We also had the ribeye and leg of lamb. The lamb was juicy but chewy. The ribeye was supposedly prepared in the same manner as those at Delmonico, but this boneless cut was no match for the real deal. Service was good.
4	Fun and solid lunch by my lonesome at Table 10!  The corn chowder was amazing, I have no idea why I was compelled to order it, but I certainly am glad that I did!  It was VERY good.  The tempura ahi tuna dish was very good.  The corn, shiitake and cabbage chow chow was a touch too vinegary for me, but that's simply a personal preference issue.  The tuna was prepared perfectly and the sauces that accompanied the dish were lovely and really balanced the chow chow for me.Service was so very friendly and efficient!  Cute decor, well spaced tables and very very accommodating of a solo diner.
2	I really want to like Emeril's food...I really do like the charismatic S.O.B....but this is my third restaurant of his and again I walked out unimpressed. Went for lunch, ordered the most expensive thing on the menu...lobter thermedor...and I ended up with a $40 dish...for lunch mind you..with hardly any lobster, any flavor, and a very unpleasant doughy substance  that I believe was supposed to be the expected flaky pastry that covers the dish but was just plopped unceremoniously into the flavorless muddle of ingredients. The place was dead too, but most of the places in the casinos that do even open for lunch and are considered higher end are dead...obviously this is one that doesnt seem to care about the few that do show up.
3	We had tickets to see Jersey Boys on January 26th, and Table 10 was just upstairs from the theater.  We decided to stop in for a bite before the show.We had several people waiting on us throughout the dinner, and were well taken care of.  We definitely had no complaints on service whatsoever.My husband ordered the Jambalaya and loved it.  I ordered lemon & herb marinated free range chicken.  The chicken had a wonderfully fresh lemon flavor.  My only complaint was that as I got to the end of my meal, I noticed that part of the chicken was undercooked.  I was full, and didn't really want to eat anymore so I didn't bother to send it back.I would go back and would recommend this place, but I would definitely not order chicken again.
4	$$$ My girlfriend treated me to dinner not to long ago and it was exceptional. The service was top notch, best I've had, but thankfully the food was even better. We started with ESCARGO. We didn't regret our PASTA JUMBALYA and the LAMB SHANK it was great.  Especially the shank, cooked perfectly, it was so tender, just falling off the bone. Would highly recommend it. We also had some side orders of LOBSTER TAIL and MACRONI & chesse. Only complaint would be the mac, it was a bit too garlicly for my taste. For both of us actually, it was the only thing we didn't finish. To finish we had the BANANA FOSTER BREAD PUDDING. Doesn't really stick out in my mind, I had to look up the menu to remember what we had, so it was probably alright? OVERALL the experience was great, service and food exceptional and the bill wasn't bad, around $200. We didn't partake in any wine, maybe that's why. Would definetly recommend Table Ten if you like to eat food. Especially good food.
5	I had a great time.  It was not very crowded, and the staff was very helpful.  The popover appetizers, and the malassala dessert was outstanding.  An excellent addition to the fine restaurants in the Palazzo Resort & Casino.
3	Casual room. Fine service. Thursday night. Had reservation but really not necesary.  Grilled Jalapeno & Corn Hush Puppies.  Guess you had to be raised south of the Mason Dixon line to appreciate. Uninteresting.Escargots & Mushrooms. Not your standard garlic'd but with vermouth and fennel butter.  Mmmm. good.Emeril's Shrimp Toast. Similarly delish.Salt & Pepper Striped Bass with skin on.  Full of flavour and done to perfection.  Satisfying .White Chocolate Malassadas Rolled in Cinamon sugar with Vanilla Bean Anglaise.  Have to give the full description.   So many celeb chefs and not so celeb do the 'gourmet' mini doughnut thing.  Not a dougnut, more like a doughnut hole here .  Mr Bam's blows  all the pretenders away with this confection.   Would just come into Table 10 any time of the day and have 2 orders  of these with a good cuppa joe!Worth a 2nd visit.
4	I was pleasantly surprised when I came to Table 10...good food, good portions, great service.  I called in for reservations for 8 and they were able to accomodate very easily.  They had a table prepared and seemed ready for us.  The pork tenderloin was so juicy!  Melted in your mouth practically...The calamari appetizer and garlicky mushrooms were good side dishes.  I tried some of my friend's scallops and there were GOOD!  Or should I say succulent?  Is that the right way to describe scallops? :)  I sort of wish I ordered that instead.  The prices were also pretty reasonable for what you get (considering it's one of those chef-named restaurants).
1	R-I-P-O-F-FThe service was excellent - that's a very major pro.However, I expect that when I pay about $100 a person.Better comparables include:Morton'sRuth's ChrisMastro'sFleming's heck - maybe Lone Star.Seriously - I still can't figure out the theme or the goal of this place - other than it's in a great hotel and pictures of Emeril's food was everywhere.Pass.
3	"BAM"!Emeril...take that BAM back because this place was not all that.  It was decent, but I expected more from you.We get there around happy  hour and start off with a couple of mojitos and chips & salsa.  The chips & salsa appetizer is HUGE, and for $5...a good deal.  I opt for the pulled pork sandwich (with carnitas) and fried pickles.  Husband gets the burger.  I get the concept of the carnitas in a bbq pulled pork sandwich, but I just wasn't too impressed with it.  The fried pickles on the other hand were phenomenal!  My husbands burger was good, but I wouldn't say it was anything special.  Service at Table 10 was excellent.  Our server was very attentive, and refills were never an issue.  There's better places to eat in Vegas, but if you're staying at The Palazzo and looking for a spot during happy hour...this place will do.  They have tvs around the bar with various sports playing, and I must add the mojitos we had were really good.
4	Personally, I've never been that big of an Emeril fan, but the pork tenderloin (medium rare) changed my mind.  It was tender and juicy, and wasn't too strong in flavor.  The service was great.  You're also able to look into the kitchen as they prepare your meal.  A new form of entertainment while you wait for your food?
5	AMAZING FOOD!!!go here! go here! go here!this was an exceptional dining experience. the  food was exquisitely seasoned. wonderful variety of unique (but not too crazy) dishes.ahhhhh! what a pleasure!omgosh can i talk about the ROLLS! AHHH THE BREAD ROLLS! so tasty! we had the scallops with pesto risotto to start and the bruscetta. WOW. wow wow wow. a-ma-zing. we had as main courses the lobster dome, and the ribeye. side of truffle mac n cheese. that steak was MEATTASTIC. ive never had anything like the lobster dome. the dish was like heaven in a bowl. they give you so much lobster you actually get full off the LOBSTER. yeah, the lobster.the service was really great. attentive and courteous. i'll be coming back here everytime i come to vegas. WOOOHOOO!
5	This is Emerill Lagasse's restaurant so you know its going to be great!  The bartender "mixologist" here is award winning and has been featured in national magazines.  The mojito is out of this world.  UNBELIEVEABLE!    We had the waiter recommend dishes and they were dead on.  We had an outstanding food experience.  The combinations were different but not crazy.  The server will guide you to all the best.  This literally brought my husband to tears. Two exactly.  One for the mojito and one for the marispalla dessert.
2	Skip it!The only good thing I have to say about my experience here is that the appetizers were incredible.  The service was quite slow, even though there were more servers than patrons.  There were 5 - 7 staff members chatting at the host station throughout the meal.  Its pretty bad when you have to interrupt their conversation to ask for water and silverware.For my main course, I ordered a steak medium-rare and the potatoes with bacon.  The potatoes were just plain bad:  flavorless and runny.  The steak was also a failure.  It was obviously not rested, as my plate was covered in blood as soon as I cut in to it.  The outside was charred and the inside was cold.  The steak had no flavor accept for the ashy taste of the grill marks.The reason Table 10 gets 2 stars instead of 1 is that they took the steak off my bill (I had 2 bites and sent it back.)  The server asked if he could bring me something else, but my appetite was gone after that meal.If you want an outstanding meal, go to CraftSteak at the MGM or Sushi Samba at the Palazzo.
4	We came here for my birthday and we were pretty impressed by both the service and the food.Service: IMO, the service was perfect.  They were friendly and extremely attentive.  Even if you leave the table just to use the restroom, they will come over and fold your napkins for you.  Sometimes at fancy restaurants, service gets snooty if you dont order wine, etc.  But they were completely respectful of our choices.Food: They start off with bread rolls.  At first they looked like normal bread rolls and I felt disappointed but then i tried it!  It was warm, sweet, and salty at the same time.  DELISH.  We had 2 orders of calamari (the waitress told us the plates were small but actually it was big!  So 1 order should be enough).  As for the main dishes:  nice big portions.  Mmm.  3 of us ordered Creole Spiced & Seared Mahi Mahi.  The mahi mahi was perfect and to have all the other seafood accompany the dish... mmm.  1 of my friend ordered the salmon and she loved it.  Another one ordered the Creole Crawfish "Boil" Pasta.  SO MUCH FOOD.  He can eat a lot but with this dish, he looked like he barely touched it.  Another friend ordered the buffalo.  He looked like he enjoyed it (:*I think you get your bang for your buck at this restaurant.  With the prices you pay and the amount of food you get.. totally worth it.  Definitely a place to try at least once!
3	Service was great. Unfortunately, the food was not so great. I had veggie sides as the only vegetarian options were risotto or pasta, which were the same options at all of my meeting functions. So I opted for grilled asparagus, sauteed mushrooms and some potatoes. I wish I'd gone for the creamed spinach because the asparagus didn't come with anything in terms of a sauce, or even a lemon wedge. Two of my companions had steak and both said they could do it better at home. The appetizers were fair but not outstanding (bruschetta and the jalapeno hushpuppies). The bread was good but I think the breads at Spago are honestly better. Go somewhere else.
2	I guess Emeril is too busy sitting on his laurels to realize that this is one of the worse resteraunts in the Palazzo.  The food lacks originality and more importantly flavor.  The bar tender didn't know anything about the wine selection or how to make a manhattan.  Seriously, they should just move this to the food court, right next to Nathan's.
3	Dined solo at the bar and had a decent experience. The service was excellent - the bartender was very busy covering all of the bar patrons as well as the people at the lounge tables eating dinner, and he still managed to be very attentive and made sure I was taken care of. The major disappointment, however, was the food. I had the hush puppies, which were good, but I did not care for the tomato chutney they came with. The corn chowder was delicious, and that was definitely the saving grace of the meal. I ordered a salad from the specials that had mixed greens, tomato, crab, and some kind of cheese. It was not good. The dressing tasted like plain mayonnaise, and the lettuce did not taste fresh. The crab was also poached, which I didn't remember reading in the menu, because I probably would not have ordered it. Luckily the chowder filled me up, because I honestly could not eat more than a handful of bites of this salad. How do you mess up a salad??The bartender noticed that I did not eat much of my salad, and when I told him I hadn't enjoyed it, he took it off my bill! That was awesome and totally unexpected. I spent a good amount of time trying to decide where to eat since I'm only in Vegas for a few days, so I was disappointed that I didn't have the tasty meal I was hoping for. But at least the service was good!
5	Everytime I dine here I am impressed by the menu choices & sensational service! Don't miss out on the Magnificent Mac & Cheese as well as all of the wonderful meats. Truly a treat!
4	Great lunch here and the service was wonderful too. I will be going back here on our next trip and try it for dinner. Husband loved his meatball sandwich my salad of the day with scallops was fabulous too..
4	Stopped in for some appetizers.  Highly recommend the country gumbo or the calimari.
4	My wife and I went there for our anniversary (reservation through opentable), and it was very pleasing.First of all I have to give credit to their service, they obviously paid attention to details.  The reception greeted us and said happy anniversary, and so were the two main waiters who served us.  That by itself, is very important.  They also gave us a few bite-size appetizer and lighted a candle on our dessert, it's all those details that made the experience special.We also enjoyed the food very much.  We ordered the cream corn potato soup, it's very creamy and smooth, but what I liked was that it's not too rich.  Although I would prefer it to have a little bit more salt and maybe stronger bacon taste.We also got the escargots as appetizer.  Wow, this was REALLY good!  Cooked pretty differently as well, with some kind of white sauce.  The mushroom was very tasty.  The overall dish was just very pronounced and special.  Loved it.  But again, could have used a little bit more salt.Before I forgot, I also want to mention we loved the bread.  It's very different, a little bit sour, but so warm and so soft, it was heavenly!  If we really have to pick on it, it would be the fact that they serve the bread one by one.  So you will have to keep asking them for more.  For entree, my wife got the salmon with vegetable.  Because she's pregnant she decided to get the salmon medium well, but they did recommend medium.  It came out a bit dry as expected (no choice), but the sauce was very good.  My wife still enjoyed the dish a lot and said if she got the medium, it would have been perfect.I got the buffalo with red wine glaze dish together with potato gratin.  They recommended medium or medium-rare and i opted for medium rare.  Thank god I did that.  The meat is so lean, anything more than medium rare I think is too dry already.  Very very different dish, it's not for everyone coz' it has very strong smell (much stronger than lamb), but it was great experience.  The red wine glaze was very good, works very well with the buffalo.  The potato gratin was perfect.For dessert, we got the chocolate cake with raspberry sorbet, we both loved it.  The sorbet was some of the better ones we have had, not over powering, and together with the sweetness of the chocolate cake, they paired up very well!The ambiance of the restaurant was very nice, we got seated in a pretty quiet area, but with some open seating, you can have big parties and still work very well.Overall we enjoyed our anniversary dinner very much, and given how diversified their dishes are, I am not surprised if we will come back soon again!
3	Food was good. Not great. Service was kind of slow. Expected better from a Celebrity Restaurant in Vegas. Not a bad experience, just ok. If anything go in for the appetizers, those were great!
4	This place has amazing food, service and drinks!  You really can't go wrong here.  BUT you MUST get the truffle Mac and Cheese...MUST!It's so good - I can't even eat another style w/o comparing and feeling disappointed.  It's creamy with crunchies on top and....oooh myyy....so worth the calories and carbs.  You're in sin city so might as well go all out!I def make it a point to come here at least once when I'm in town - never disappointed.  Ask for Mikey - he's the greatest!
3	The restaurant is beautiful. Dark, sexy, mosaic tables in patterns that matched the backs of the bench lining the walls - and 10 of Emeril's chef jackets on display, and a bar in the middle. I can see how this would be great dining alone, which I enjoy.The bread was I think the most delicious part of our meal. It was like a brioche with a salt herb crust line across, served warm.The gumbo was tasty and rich, and they let us split it.I ordered the scallops as an entree - it was very good. T hated his crawfish boil pasta - which was ok - but underwhelming for what we thought an Emeril dish should taste like. He's a dude and not a foodie and he didn't think much of it. He didn't even eat half of it. The truffle mac and cheese was meh - maybe it was the penne when we expected macaroni - shape matters. If you call it mac - it should be mac. We didn't eat half of that either and didn't take it to go. We skipped dessert.The service was great.I would come back again maybe to try the dinner menu which might be more sexy. 3.25
4	My review is actually for Happy Hour.  I was uncertain whether to dine here based on some reviews I read, so a Trip Advisor patron recommended Happy Hour.  I actually had a great time and good early dinner!  There were a couple of other diners at the bar around 4 pm but not a huge crowd.  I ordered a glass each of the house cabernet and savignon blanc.  Both were fabulous.  The bartender advised me that both are served during meals for well over double the $5 Happy Hour price.  He also let me sample both wines before pouring my glass (standard procedure here), which was a great surprise.  For food, I indulged in the cheese plate and bucket of shrimp.  The cheese plate was devine!  The shrimp was delicious, but the cornmeal crust fell off when I dipped it in the cocktail sauce.  The bartender was attentive and helpful.  He even discussed the menu with me and other patrons in case we wanted to come back for lunch or dinner later on our trip.  Very impressive.I plan to return for Happy Hour and a meal in the future!
4	In Vegas for a few days and always like to visit the Chef owned places especially Emiril as I am a Louisiana native. Decided to eat in the bar and catch the end of the Saturday game. Waiter/bartender (Hayden, a NoLa native) was very good and attentive. Crab cake was so and oddly lower priced for a Vegas appetizer. Country gumbo was dark and rich and full of chicken and sausage and even okra. My Mahi Mahi with lobster, shrimp and clams was way amazing and my partner's pork tender was well prepared although I thought it lacked a zing. Overall very enjoyable and as others have mentioned, slightly less than many other establishments. Would definitely go again!
4	Great place for lunch alone, which I usually have when I'm in town on business a couple times a month. I usually have a glass of very reasonably priced white wine, the scallop special (whatever it may be) and gumbo, but I've tried many things on the menu.I think this place has the best scallops ever, and I'm not even a big scallop fan. They're perfectly cooked and always amazing. The bread is to die for, and I really like the mosaic tables and the overall sultry vibe of the place. Service is great and the crowd is diverse. I tried the lobster dome thing, but think it is overpriced and overhyped. The pastas are so-so for me as well, but everything else that I've had is great. Try the s'mores dessert!, oh and did I mention the scallops!?
4	We had a very good lunch experience here. We ordered the Bouillabaisse, truffle mac n cheese, and the Mahi Mahi sandwich. The Bouillabaisse was good but not amazing. I feel like it was a really really small portion. The mahi mahi was good and the plates were cleaned. The truffle mac n cheese were also delicious. The best thing about this place is their happy hour. We were lucky enough to be there during that time. Both the bloody mary and the mojito were ahhhmazing. Thanks Mr. Bartender Man. Overall a great mellow lunch spot if you're in the hotel.
5	Wow Table 10! im a fan! After we ate here I believe Emeril Legasi sure is who they say he is for a reason. The service was great and so was the food. Table 10 is located by the shops in the Pallazo. At first, I kinda got the impression that it was a high-end restaurant with over-priced food and mediocre food. But after eating here, it definitely did change my mind. The service was good, the food tasted great and we all had a simply great lunch after a night of partying hard.Their signature "bloody mary" was a little different from the original and a tab bit more on the spicy side, but it worked really well for me. I also noticed that it was dressed with olives stuffed with blue chesse and not celery. Olive stuffed with blue cheese, who thinks that ?! It worked awesome with the cocktail.For appetizers we tried the Seafood Creole Bouillabaisse and another appetizer which was on a special menu for the day. Both tasted fabulous.Main entrees: we tried the Grilled Rib-eye steak with lobster scampi, Carnitas Po-boy, Creole Crawfish "boil" Pasta, and i gotta say, it was blown away by the taste and the food quality. The steak has to be one of the best steaks Ive ever tried! It went perfectly with the lobster and the lemony dressing.  The pasta had some jumbo prawns and house made sausage just took Pasta to another level. Carnitas po-boy had a really tasty marination and lil pieces of fried zucinni on the side. YUM!This place really earned its way into one of my favorite restaurants! Rite on!
4	Great little place in palazzo. The service was 5 stars. I ordered the crawfish pasta which was ok. But the truffle Mac and cheese was amazing. I can't eat a normal Mac n cheese anymore. Thx emeryl :D
5	BAM--Emeril kicks it up another notch!  A hidden gem in the Palazzo-Las Vegas.  Being in the shops it is a little hidden from the convention center business crowd.  This was my second visit here, and I continue to love this place.  Being a soup person, I love the country gumbo with steamed rice.  I had some great starters: jalapeno & corn hush puppies, adobe rubbed baby back ribs, and the truffle mac n cheese.  My entree was a wonderful dish: Seared Maine Scallops, jumbo lump crab, lima bean and tomato succotash, creole tomato glaze, and parmesan cheese.  I added a deshelled Maine lobster tail and some grilled baja shrimp to make a meal of Homeric proportions.  It was truly worthy of the name Emeril Lagasse.  For dessert I had one of my favorites: Emeril's: White chocolate malassadas rolled in cinnamon sugar with vanilla creme Anglase.  It is perhaps my favorite light dessert, unlike Emeril's banana creme pie at Emeril's fish house.  Table Ten is truly a hidden gem in the same Palazzo casino as his more heralded Delmonico, and Lagasse Stadium restaurants.  The next time I am in New Orleans I must pay homage to Table #10 in Emeril's original restaurant.  BAM!!!
1	What a huge disappointment. I could have had a better meal at the bistro around the corner. The pork tenderloin dish was a big mess -- literally: The dish was a pile of flavorless mashed sweet potatoes with some cold meat on top. It looked as if Mom let 6-year-old Billy make his own plate for the first time. My husband's sea bass was nicely flavored and tender, but we've had better. The rest of the meal wasn't even memorable. The mac and cheese side dish was a huge letdown, but then so was the whole experience.
4	After a long lay off (wow, real long) I am back... I am gonna try and bust out a few here...     Ok So,  Table 10, what can I say they had me at the dinner rolls.... so delish.  I actually asked for seconds on these...  my first adventure there I had the vegetarian grilled cheese... it was really good and served with a super fresh 3 bean salad.  My second time there I split a meatball sandwich with my friend and then snagged a burger for myself....  my third time there I got the texas farm raised bass, served whole...  This was amazing!  so fresh tasting, and roasted on the rotisserie with lemons on the inside...   great choice...  I love this place and definitely will go back!
5	Scallops, Truffle mac ... best flavors I've had this year.
4	This is the second time eating at Table 10.  First the service is first rate.  The wait staff is knowledgeable, friendly, and not always over selling the most expensive items. We shared the fried artichoke hearts, there were plenty for the table of 5 and tasty.  I had the wilted spinach salad which was OK, but the rolls are to die for, so the combination of the two made it work. I had the Gulf Shrimp wrapped in prosciutto was OK, except for the polenta was one of the best I have ever had.  Reasonable wine by the glass, and a great evening was had by all.
3	This is probably one of the worst restaurant I ever been to for Emeril.The service was attentive but the food just doesnt match other Emeril's dishes.  We had pasta, which was dry and the sauce wasn't exciting or special.  The Angus beef burger was simply boring,  Very disappointed.
4	Walking around the strip and the hotels make you hungry! Four of us walked into Table 10, as that was the closest, while walking around the shops in there.We were seated and asked for water/drinks as soon as we were seated. Ordered the bloody mary which tasted so much better than the one in trump. For appetizer we got the seafood creole bouillabaisse- twinkly eyes- so good. For the main course bf and brother ordered the rib-eye steak with lobster scampi- took a bite of and the steak was juicy and tender and the lobster scampi tasted woo hoo!!!I as usual ordered pasta-the creole crawfish pasta. For some odd reason I like to try different kind of pasta's. I was skeptical about what is going to be in it. When it came out I was delighted to see my dish. It was flavorful with good amount of seafood and the sauce was awesome. My friend got the carnitas po-boy! She didn't know that it was going to be pulled pork on a bun. She looked over at our dishes and looked at hers and didn't even try it. Well she made a mistake!!! We had taken her food to go, and when we were hungry after a few hours, we gobbled it, as it was so GOOD!!!Giving it 4 stars and not 5, because the plate I received was dirty. Asked for another one, I think the waiter wiped the plate and got it, and it still looked dirty!!!Next time in Vegas, we will be there.
4	Well I was expecting good food but the service was excellent!!  Our meal was excellent we had the shrimp and steak.  Both were perfectly prepared and really tasty.I had Emeril's signature Metropolitan and it was AMAZING!!
2	We ate here for Brunch on Sunday after checking out of our hotel.  It was definitely disappointing for an Emeril restaurant.  I ordered the seared mahi mahi sandwich ($17).  The baked roll wasn't very good as it was very plain and bland.  On top of that, I was disappointed to barely taste pineapple in the pineapple relish.  The fish was okay but also very bland.  It just had way too much bun for the amount of mahi mahi inside.  The cole slaw it came with was very so so as it just tasted like spoon of mayo in your mouth.  I definitely wouldn't come back as there's just too much to eat in Vegas that's better than Table 10.  I think Grand Lux downstairs would be a better option and it's cheaper and tastes better.
5	Place Table 10 alongside the other top restaurants in Las Vegas (not just Emeril's joints either). I see a lot of reviews on lunch and happy hour. This review is strictly regarding dinner. Made reservations for 8 and arrived at 7:45, no problem, immediately seated. The bar area was about 40% filled and the dining area was 60% filled. We were immediately met by our server who took our water order and left us to decide on our cocktail order (easy for me-Sapphire martini, up extra dry with a twist!). The only hitch in the drink orders were mine arrived with olives (eww) and my girlfriend's pinot grigo took about 10 minutes to arrive. We were given the "chef's compliments" small appetizer and munched on the wonderful bread and butter that was brought out. I could have just had the bread and been happy!My girlfriend ordered the Creole Spiced & Seared Hawaiian Mahi MahiClams, Baja Shrimp, Chorizo Sausage & Lobster tossed in Piri Piri with Toasted Garlic Bread. In a word-amazing. The layer after layer of different flavors was incredible. Just as incredible was my Slow Roasted Prime Seaboard Farms Pork Tenderloin Fired Roasted Sweet Potatoes, Spiced Pecans and a Tart Cherry Reduction.We ordered the grilled asparagus and the bacon & blue cheese Yukon potatoes. OMG...enough said there. And understand, these are LARGE portions. My girlfriend couldn't finish hers and I left a little on my plate also. We didn't have an appetizer because the desserts looked so good, but we simply didn't have room for any more.  The prices: Her wine was $14 for a glass. My martinis (I had two) were $15.50 each. The meals were $33 and $34 respectively. So for around $130 we had great drinks, amazing food, outstanding service in a welcoming setting. What more could you ask for, right?
4	My wife and I decided to have a nice dinner before our Blue Man Group show.  We were going to dine at Sushi Samba, but wanted to check out this place across the way.  We thought the items and menu prices were reasonable and decided to give it a try.  We each ordered the Cactus Rose Martini off the drink menu and when we took our first sips, we were surprised how good this was.  Very fruity, light and refreshing.  Could barely taste the alcohol, but knew it was there because I could feel it a few sips in.   For our main course, she had the Cordon Blue pasta, which was surprisingly good.  I had the Special, which was a petit filet mignon, small lobster tail, and included mashed potates with a light wine sauce with pieces of chorizo sausage.  Though the filet and lobster was a bit undersized, it still tasted great and I wasn't overly stuffed at the end.  The chorizo sausages in the mashed potatoes was a plus as it added a different change of flavors as I was plowing through the spuds.  Service was exceptional as our waiter was very attentive and the busser was refilling our waters at every chance.  Would I return:  YesWould I recommend to others:  Yes
3	This place was just ok. I came here with my family and everyone was happy with their food, but it was just overpriced. Now, I know it's vegas, and things are overpriced, but this was a little ridiculous. I got the chicken, and it was just alright, definitely not worth 30$. I wouldn't go here again, especially with some very delicious restaurants an easy walk away.
4	I was there for lunch and had the Parasiso drink which is awesome. As for the food, well I had a burger but since I have IBS I can't eat bread so I only ate the meat and fries which was delicious.I'd definitely recommend it for nothing else you must try a Paraiso!
3	(3.5 stars)Table 10 is located in The Palazzo and it is one of Emeril Lagasse's Las Vegas restaurants.  The restaurant sits in a little shopping/restaurant area of The Palazzo that is a good distance away from the casino.The decor is eclectic but not over the top.  It is a dark space with mostly dark browns (hardwood floor, high bar stools, half booths, walls, etc.).  There are splashes of color though as well as prominent but not ghastly decoration.  The overhead light fixtures are modern and alternate in color (blues and yellows).  Lots of design throughout the room with patterns in the bar seat cushions and the backs of the booths.  Also, the table tops are decorated in multi-colored tiles.  Some metal decoration too including a wrought iron spiral staircase at the center of the bar, which I think heads to nowhere.The complimentary bread was a brioche roll, which was pretty good.  The crust was not much of a crust--kind of like the crust of a normal dinner roll.  There was a pretty good soft and flavorful brioche center that went well with butter.I started with the Seared Maine Sea Scallops With Crispy Fried Leeks, Lobster Tail And Salsa Provencal.  Las Vegas restaurants tend to be very overpriced, but I felt they actually could have charged more for this dish.  For the price, there was a generous portion of seafood (scallops and lobster).  The quality was great too.  The scallops had a nice caramelized sear with a tender and moist inside (though the scallops were a little gritty).  The lobster was tender and sweet. The fried leeks went great with the seafood.  They were very crisp, but they were not oily or greasy.  Good onion flavor.  The sauce was the base of the plate and it consisted of oil, tomato and olives (the olive flavor was very strong).  The sauce had a little bit of spice to it.  The sauce was not bad though not the best flavor and I did not think it complimented the dish (the seafood stood out fine by itself).My entree was seared tuna on a crispy corn cake over a tomato confit base.  The tuna portion was small (though it was a lunch dish).  The tuna was good.  Nice sear on the outside with a rare center.  The crispy corn cake had a crunchy outside and a sweet corn center.  The tomato confit base was kind of like a warmed up salsa and I was not a big fan of it (the sauce really reminded me of a tomato sauce I had at Xiomara Melrose so maybe this cuisine/style is just not for me).  While the tuna was good and everything was cooked properly, the resulting flavors did not really go together that well.I think my disappointment with both sauces/flavors had a lot to due with how each dish had a flavor/ingredient that stood out too much--olive for the starter and tomato for the entree (and not necessarily the best flavor/representation of those ingredients).  It could just be a matter of preference.  They did use very good quality seafood ingredients so I could see how these dishes might appeal more to others.Service was good.  The waiter was soft-spoken, polite and attentive.  Food came out at a good pace.I have never been to an Emeril Lagasse restaurant before so I do not know how this one stacks up to his other locations.  For lunch, the ingredients they use here are better than some of the other Vegas restaurants serving lunch in the same price range.  There are definitely some positives here and it might be worth trying if you are a fan of Emeril Lagasse (or are curious about his food).I walked here, but I imagine The Palazzo has complimentary valet and self-parking like other major Las Vegas hotels/casinos.
4	How many stars I'd give this place depends on a lot on what you order.  The service is great and the bread rolls they give you are out of this world.  But the dishes can be hit or miss.  Haven't really enjoyed some of their pork dishes even though I love pork.  If you go there for lunch you can get a really good burger.  Anything with couscous has been really tasty.Might be a little pricey for what you get.  But it's in a convenient location at Palazzo and you'll rarely have a problem getting a table.
2	I was really excited to go here after seeing the menu, but was so incredibly disappointed! My company took us here, so I didn't have to pay, but had I paid, I'd want my money back. We had a prix fixe menu, so part of it is the lack of choice, but even so, if I am at a high end restaraunt, I expect that the chef will take pride in every dish, so nothing should be substandard, and this meal definitely was.I had the vegetarian menu. Problem 1 was that they didn't give us a veggie first course at all. So there's a dozen people, eating a crab salad course around us, and the vegetarians are just sitting there waiting. Absolutely not ok. How hard is it to make the same salad and just skip the crabmeat. The second course for meat eaters were spicy shrimp that people seemed happy with and smelled pretty good. For veggies the course was creamy risotto with vegetables. Great idea in theory, but undercooked (and I do not mean al dente, I really mean undercooked) and oversalted. And I love salt, so that takes effort.Third course. Vegetarians got pasta. A second starch. Really? We just had risotto. The meat eaters got halibut and gnocchi. I do eat fish, so my boyfriend traded with me and ate my pasta and I had his food. I did enjoy this course. It was also a bit salty, but well cooked and I really liked the veggies mix with it. The gnocchi was just ok.Next, the main course. Everyone received a steak with mashed potatoes and asparagus. Time went by. An uncomfortable amount of time. Some people were almost done with their steak. Then the vegetarian food came. Surprise! They seemed to be fresh out of ideas because the meal was mashed potatoes and a side of asparagus, and a couple slivers of mushroom. As in, they just skipped the steak, piled on extra potatoes, and called that a main course. That's not a main course. That's a side, and after 2 other starch dishes, not even a creative one. Sigh. I had asparagus. The potatoes were good potatoes, but really not what you want as your main course. How hard would it have been to grill a whole portabello? My friend wasn't crazy about his steak either, and he loves steak.Last but not least, dessert was cheesecake. It had a a berry sauce. The berry sauce was cook, the cheesecake completely average. You can't really have bad cheesecake, but I expected great cheesecake, not something equal to the stuff you get at Safeway. So I saved the calories instead, since there was a Bouchon Bakery downstairs that was infinitely better, and life is too damn short to eat average dessert.One positive side - they carry a good selection of top shelf vodka, and my drink was great, which is what pushed my review to 2 stars. The sauvignon blanc was also good.So the overall point is, I got this meal free, I'm thankful to my work for taking us out, but if I am ever given the choice to go again I will be passing on it.
5	Loved this place! I had the roasted chicken with Mac n cheese. The BBQ sauce and rub made this dish SOAR! Friend has the pork tenderloin and loved it! They messed up on drink orders and gave us a free drink so wait staff is nothing but exceptional.
2	Our party of 10 dined at Table 10 at the Palazzo Hotel this past Saturday night.First of all, the food was excellent.  Everyone at the table ordered something different, and we all got to sample each other's dishes.  Fish entrees were cooked perfectly, not dry at all, even including the lean halibut.  I ordered the rotisserie-grilled duck and not only was it delicious, the portion was surprisingly big (thigh and leg).  Highly recommended.Why this restaurant ended up with 2 stars from me, however, was because of the service and other little things.  Let's start with the terrible service.  It started off fine, but unfortunately, after the waitress took our order and brought us our drinks, she disappeared for a solid 20 minutes.  She did come by after that to bring steak knives and take away salad forks and spoons as she "prepared us for the food."However another 10 minutes passed, and now everyone's wondering where our food was.  One of our diners asked the waitress politely if our food was coming out soon, she told him rudely "it's only been 30 minutes."  Sorry for wondering where our food was.  The restaurant was almost empty.  I think we saw maybe 2 other tables that were seated and waiting for food.Our food didn't come out for another 10 minutes.  This timeline is by my best estimation.  Let's put it this way.  We were seated at 8pm, and we didn't receive our food until 9:15pm.  Like I said, the food was delicious, though certainly not worth the wait.Our drinks went un-refilled.  We had to flag our waitress down to ask for refills.  She also did not bother to come back and check on us.  Our waitress's attitude stunk, to say the least, and ruined the dining experience.  What did we do wrong other than to ask where our food was after 30 minutes by her own admission.  There were no apologies, no "thank you for waiting", nothing.Another criticism is the bread.  We were handed out dinner rolls that looked out of place at a higher-end restaurant.  Dinner rolls?  Really?  And they didn't look/taste like they were freshly baked.  They looked like supermarket-bought rolls.  Very disappointing.It's a shame that such a great restaurant is ruined by poor service.
4	Came here for dinner and was happily seated outside (though I wish I got a chance to see the inside of the restaurant).  I actually don't remember much about the service because I was quite busy talking to my friend, but I know I never needed to wave them down about anything.   We got a seafood bouillabaisse and the roasted chicken with bbq sauce and mac and cheese and it was very good!  The chicken just melted and the sauce was just the right and didn't overpower the dish.  It went really well with the mac and cheese.  I also really like their bread rolls as well.  Nommmmm.
3	My husband and I went to Table 10 for dinner before a 9:30 pm show at the Wynn.  Table 10 had decent food and good service, so all around it was A-OK.  I didn't find the food (ribs and catch of the day) nor the ambiance memorable, which is why it's 3 stars and not more.  Unlike other reviewers, I actually thought the service here was very good.This restaurant is located inside the Palazzo and it felt too much like dining in mall instead of a classy restaurant.  While many will say "well that's vegas," I'm generally put off by such high prices given the experience.
4	Creole cooking is not familiar to me and I found Lagasse's Table 10 to be the perfect introduction. The flavors were robust but not overwhelming. I had the Mahi Mahi, and as other Yelpers agree, it was definitely a home run. I was also able to try the Pork Loin, which was executed nicely.Tip: Many reviewers are noting that the entree portions are huge. I can't say I agree. While they are definitely not small, they're not the "southern cooking portion" I congured in my mind when I read that. My little stomach might have been able to enjoy a shared appetizer or dessert...and I did - my first go at a Banana Cream Pie was a nice finish to this tasty meal.
4	I believe something good happens to places when a famous chef takes over, because then their reputation is on the line and so in turn the quality is excellent. And at Table 10 it is excellent in every sense. The service obviously is very friendly and professional. Very nice bar and great selection of drinks. The food is great of course and even more surprising to me were how amazing and creative the appetizers were. I got some varieties of cold crab on a small dish, with a great aioli sauce. But the presentation was amazing, I wanted to take a picture. The fillet steaks we got were cooked to perfection and beautifully prepared in a large, clean, kinda open aired kitchen where you can watch the chefs do their magic. Definitely worth a try if your in Vegas.
3	Somewhere between three and four stars on this one. I came here as part of a bachelor party celebration, so there were eight of us. We wanted somewhere nice but not exorbitant, and this place seemed like a good fit.I think all of us enjoyed our food, but none of us were blown away. I had the chicken, which was well-seasoned but a tiny bit on the dry side. Also ordered were the seafood stew (not as spicy as advertised), the salmon special, and the main pork entree (something stuffed with something else, if I remember correctly). We had a vegan in the group and the kitchen did their best to accommodate him with some fresh vegetable sides. The portions were all appropriate but not cartoonish--just the right amount, I'd say. We also all ordered salads. I ordered the spinach and goat cheese salad, which was very tasty. I especially loved the crostini that came with it--I wanted about 10 more of those. I also tried a bite of the beet salad, which was good.The wine selection is excellent, and the wines by the glass are reasonable (10-14 or so). I had a delightful sauvignon blanc--really one of the better glasses of wine I've had in a restaurant.  I think everyone at our table had either wine or beer (they have an OK beer selection, but nothing fancy, and only bottles).No desserts, so I can't comment on that.The ambience is lovely, though I was surprised that there was no music playing. Eerily quiet. It also wasn't particularly crowded, and we were there on a Saturday between about 6 and 8.The service was inconsistent--fast in the beginning, then slow before the entrees, and then slow again to pick up the check. The whole thing came to something like $450 including tax and tip, which I viewed as pretty good for Vegas. Still, I'd try another place before I'd go back.
1	We had the most terrible meal and service at Table 10 this past weekend.  We wanted to take my parents somewhere nice for their 36th wedding anniversary.  We should have known we were in trouble when there were only 5 other tables of guests at 7:30 PM.  We were quite sad to learn the the wonderful creole menu that we had been attracted to had been completely changed that day, however we were not notified of this change when they confirmed our reservations.Our server was completely unprofessional.  When we had questions about the new menu, we were repeated told that he was "not sure" as the menu was new.  We were all confused why he could not pass our questions on to the chef, but he did not.The final straw for me was when I asked about the type of nuts in the dessert special, as I am allergic to SOME nuts, and he indicated to me that the chef was too busy to answer any questions about the kind of nuts in the dessert and I should just not order it.  Oh, really...thanks.At the end of the meal we spoke to the manager, who was also totally unprofessional, and he just gave us excuses about why our service was poor and then gave us examples about accommodations that were made for others with food allergies - which made me feel terrible, since that same courtesy was not extend to me.I will not be returning, and I suggest that you skip this Emeril restaurant, as there are none of Emeril's flavors left on the  menu except for some mediocre gumbo.
4	Had an impromptu meal here trying to sober a friend up. We stumbled over to Table 10 when I got off from work as food became a necessity. Made it to the bar safe and sound. Tony, the manager, walked up and was gracious and understanding of the situation...he gaves us menus and told us what he liked the best. I wasn't that hungry so I opted for a heirloom tomato and buffalo mozzarella salad...my friend got a bone-in Ribeye, truffle mac n' cheese...and also bananas foster for dessert. The service was lovely at the bar (thank you Mario, Bobby and Tony). They were quick light lightning when we had to have our stuff boxed up due to my friend was about to pass out. Overall....will return for a meal my friend will remember.
2	The food was just OK. The best thing we had was an appetizer of proscuitto wrapped around yummy breadsticks.  Really what sort of put us off was the service.  Our server forgot to put in one of our appetizers so we never got it.  The drinks took FOREVER to arri ve and our server mumbled something about the bartender being slow.  Overall, I would not return and would not recommend.  There are lots of better places in Vegas.
3	Had a bleu cheese burger. It was at least one inch thick and very juicy, but I was disappointed that they don't offer the option of a wheat bun. Good fries. Price was decent, considering it's in the Palazzo where most other restaurants cost a fortune.
5	Our good friend's brother recently took over as Chef de Cuisine at Table Ten, so while we were in Vegas for a quick weekend of hiking (yep, you heard me right - we're not so much into the casino thing) we thought it might be fun to stop by this restaurant to introduce ourselves to him.He (Sean) was previously Chef de Cuisine at Delmonico, another Vegas standout. So, I fully understand that my review may be a bit biased, since we received excellent service and a few creations directly from Sean - he's trying some new things out on the menu, which is a clear indicator to me that Table Ten is supportive of good-intentioned progress. A great sign for any restaurant, indeed. Sean spoke with us and explained his commitment to local, organic food sources - and how he's incorporating some of these items into the new menu.We started out with an incredible array of appetizers - the knockout being a gumbo-style dish. The flavors were completely punch-you-in-the-face delicious and the shrimp was prepared perfectly. We also tried the pork dumplings (my husband's fave, he's never met a potsticker he didn't like), which were wonderful.Organic Kentor Farm Spinach Salad - AMAZING. Perfect combination of flavors, Sean! I could've had this as a meal.I know we had a couple other things, too - all of which were delectable. But of course, Sean treated us to my favorite dessert of all time (how did he know?!) - Bananas Foster.AY CHEE WAH-WAH!It was truly one of the best desserts I've ever had. The combination of warm bananas, ice-cold vanilla ice cream, and caramelized sauce is out-of-control luscious. It was elegant in its simplicity. YUM. I'd highly recommend this place - Sean is doing some great things here, and it will be great to see the changes he implements take hold. I'm sure there's a bit of an adjustment period taking place at Table Ten, but if our meal was any indication, everything is headed in a great direction.One of our best dining experiences in Vegas.
3	So, I gotta start off by saying that I wasn't paying for the meal. If I had been paying for it, I might not have been so happy. I had the lamb, blue. It was pretty darn good. I wasn't a big fan of what came on the side, but that was OK!The chunks of lamb were pretty huge. Almost seemed as if they had cut off the ribs for a couple of the pieces, but I can't tell you for sure that's what happened.I had a nice glass of wine too...though I'll say that a Haute Medoc (what I wanted) is not the same as a Haut Sedec (I think that's how it was spelt). I enjoyed it with my meal, but it definitely wasn't what I was looking for!!!
3	I sat at the bar and had the gumbo, beef satay, and spinich salad. The salad came with a whole roasted garlic which I ate all. The goat cheese was fresh, and the spinach too. The dressing did not overpower the salad. Beef satay was cooked perfectly. The gumbo was very tasty and not salty at all. Solid 3.5 stars.
2	This place is touted as being creole in nature. There is nothing creole aboit it. It is just a steakhouse. The lamb was good, but there wasnt anything about it that really stood out. The veggies on the side were pretty bad unfortunately
5	My wife and I ate here in July of 2010 & I had forgotten to submit a review until returning to Vegas and being reminded. We were extremely happy with the food and the service, our glasses never had a chance to get below half full (I'm not usually a half full kind of guy) nor did we have to ask for anything because our waitress & the management were right on top of it. My wife and I came from homes where pork was cooked until completely done "in order to kill any parasites"... Boy had we been missing out. The pork marinated in rum and cooked medium rare was like cutting a stick of butter tender, it was by far the best prepared piggy I've had to date! If you are reading my review then STOP & just get a table and enjoy. Have a great time!
5	Another one of Emeril Lagasse's restaurant that you can't go wrong with!!!The steaks are as good as delmonicos!!!the service is top notch!!!
3	The chocolate bread pudding and the espresso martini were really, really good. I took it down from 4 to 3 stars because the flat-screen tv/sports bar hybrid concept was weird, and frankly, the amount of Emeril merchandise that bombards you is getting really old.
3	This place was pretty empty but we were dining on a Sunday night.. We made a reservation on opentable and got there in 15 min ! Since the main entrees were a little pricey, we opted to share some of the appetizers so that we could get a better taste of more dishes... for the 2 of us, we ended up ordering the gumbo, crab salad, margharita pizza, lobster Mac n cheese and BBQ ribs. My favorite was the Mac and cheese cooked to just the best temperature, cheesy heaven more lobster would have been good but overall satisfying! The ribs with pickled corn was also very good! Not too fatty or oily meat fell off the bone easily. Thecrab sale was also very fresh although it wasn't tossed well because some parts were extra salty.  The gumbo was ok had much better elsewhere.. The pizza was the worst, it was jusT WAY too oily, it was drenched in oil and the cheese was just barely melted, not browned. it was so oily i could only take a few bites :( wouldn't get that again .  The service was fine, ambience was great. Ncie and quiet.
2	We went to dinner here hoping for creole or Cajun cuisine. However, we were somewhat disappointed. My wife had gumbo which she she said was not anywhere near what she's had in New Orleans. My daughter had scallops which were overbooked. My steak was too salty and chewy. Definitely not worth what you pay for. I certainly won't go back.
1	I normally don't like to bitch about restaurants, but my visit to Table 10 this Memorial weekend really called for this review.  I hope the chefs in that restaurant (if not Emeril Lagasse himself) would do something about this for their customer's sake. I walked in at 7pm on Sat and the place is almost empty (should had taken that as a red flag).  The waitress was nice, but not with an enthusiastic personality you would expect from a celebrity chef's restaurant.  My friends and I pick a few dishes to share.  First disappointment, my friend's lobster bisque soup was lukewarm and watery.  Next the prosciutto pizza (I believe, from the daily special) is quite mediocre and was soaked with oil.  The deal killer, a white fish dish (I forgot what it was, also from the daily special), was completely overcooked as if it sat under a heat lamp for hours.  That dish makes me write this review as I have never seen such poorly executed dish at any restaurant let alone from a big-name restaurant like this.  I surprise the restaurant's kitchen manager even let that dish get out of the kitchen.  To me, if you server a very badly badly overcooked white fish in such restaurant, the kitchen manager might as well go work in a fast food restaurant.  Our last dish, braised veal cheeks, while more flavorful than previous dishes, was so salty that none of us could take a second bite.  Overall, I was quite pissed off by the fact that Emeril lets this kind of quality control issue happening in his restaurant.
5	I was in Las Vegas for a company trip (haha, pretty awesome) and decided to go to Palazzo to check out what they had going on since I had not been. After walking about a bit my friends and I got a bit hungry. We decided to consult the Palazzo directory and spotted Emeril's Table 10 restaurant. We just couldn't pass up this opportunity. We got that and were seated immediately, it was a Thursday around 11am, people are probably still passed out from the night before from partying.Here's what we got:Spicy Sesame Pork Dumplings: I thought, potsticker or soupy dumplings, but they turn out being Char Siu Bao (BBQ pork bun, baked) looking items. Biting into one was like biting into a slightly denser puff pastry and then you are greeted with the spicy pork filing. The word dumplings and look made me think chinese style, but its more of a fusion between french and chinese styles. A good one worth trying.New Orleans Fried Shrimp Po-Boy with natural cut fries: If you like shrimp, this one is a must. The shrimp are a good size and are lightly battered and fried to golden. I don't usually talk about fries but they thicker cut fries here must be double fried because they aren't soft like at most places. They are crispy on the outside and smooth and fluffy on the inside, and so good.Slow Cooked Pork Po-Boy: Nice sweet molasses BBQ sauce in a freshly baked bread, with those great natural fries like above. The pulled pork was good but not stellar, the bread is what set it apart from others.Emeril's Banana Cream Pie: When the plate arrives, you are greeted by a 4-5 inch towering slice of banana cream pie with chocolate shavings, caramel sauce and whipped cream. The pie is made well, since it does not sag in any direction. I ran my fork into it easily piercing through the whipped cream, chocolate shavings and caramel, but when my fork met the banana cream, it slowed to a crawl as my fork made its way through the velvety cream and breaking up the pieces of banana. The final layer was the graham cracker crust which require me to exert a bit of sharp force and with a crunch, my fork made it through. I places the forkful of pie in my mouth and my senses were immediately bombarded with a rush of banana taste and aroma. The banana cream was velvety and just sweet enough. The mouth feel was off the charts because of the crunchy graham cracker crust, mixed with the banana cream, sweet slices of banana, whipped cream and nuggets of sweetness from the chocolate shaving and and caramel sauce. I was sharing this and I seriously wanted to order another slice because it was that good, but then I remembered I was stuffed and really shouldn't eat anymore.The major highlight of this meal was definitely the dessert. The Banana Cream Pie here redefined Banana Cream Pies for me. NOT TO BE MISSED, you will be sorry if you do.    I make a very good banana cream pie, so I always try to taste test banana cream pies where ever I go and nothing ever beats the one I make. But this one! Hats off to Emeril, that man knows his banana cream pie.
3	gosh, i wish i read these reviews BEFORE i came here for dinner! anyway, my friends and i came here for a supppper quick bite. there were only 3 of us girls so we stuck with appetizers and sides (and being poor grad students, we were trying to stay on a budget). luckily, table10 had justtt what we were looking for!we ordered the mac n cheese with truffle oil, the pesto/sundried tomato pizza, and grilled asparagus. before our dishes came out, they served us individual dinner rolls. I could probably live off of warm bread and butter, so i liked it...but in all truth, there was nothing special about the bread. they brought out all the dishes at once and we dug in! everything was great! i highlyy recommend the aspargus - it was perfectly seasoned and crisp. the mac n cheese and pizza were pretty good too! considering we ordered sides/appetizers, the dishes were decently sized. we left the restaurant full and satisfied.
4	Our last visit to Table 10 was #3 over the past few years and I was happy that nothing had really changed. To be honest, I was actually kind of surprised it was still here.  We've always come here for happy hour and sat at the bar. Nothing super fancy but it's got kind of a nice vibe since it's never all that busy. On our last visit we shared the candied bacon. Crispy with just the right amount of fat and sweetness. Yum. Good happy hour deals. The bartender is friendly without being in your face. Unassuming part of the Palazzo surrounded by stores I can't really afford (but can still dream about...). One day I'll definitely have to get around to actually eating dinner here.
4	Just have to warn people, don't get the scallops.  You literally end up with 4 scallops, I doubt anyone can fill up on that.  Everything else seemed to be pretty generous portions though.The only thing to mention is the bacon appetizer.  Its maply, its bacony, its spicy, its perfect.  Normally, bacon is a no brainer, but this bacon is mind blowing.  It will ruin you for all other bacon.  The 4 stars is completely based on this.
2	Meh...they do make a mean jin n tonic though...cheers to the bald headed bartender
4	Excellent food and service.  They were not that busy when we were there so we had a lot of attention from the wait staff.Lobster Mac and Cheese was a definite home run.
3	Between 3-4 stars. My lobster spaghetti was a 5-star dish but my boyfriend had the rib eye and it was over salted. The guy next to us also had it and said it was perfect so we could have just had the one messed up rib eye... who knows. Also you have to pay for the sides and they are rather pricey... The rib eye came with just a few mushrooms, no potato or anything. Nothing really left of Emeril's famed Cajun food.
1	Worst ever Las Vegas experience! The staff seating us seemed un-attentive, the waiter was awkward and actual came across a little condescending (creepy & weird all at the same time!). For the price the food was nothing special, we actually had to return a dish because it was fishy. Wow, what a big disappointment. This had to be the most outrageously priced restaurant we have every sat in.
2	The food was alright.  Had a decent frisee salad with a poached egg and bacon.  For my main dish I tried the porchetta, which is off their rotisserie.  I thought it would be like Roli Roti in SF, but I was really disappointed to find the skin wrapping it was an inedible rubbery casing.  The pork was well seasoned, but just tasted like pork.  My date had the truffled macaroni and cheese which tasted like mac and cheese with truffle oil.  The wine selection was pretty good and we polished off a bottle with our dinner.
4	I will give this 4 stars because the service and the attitude of the servers is usually pretty good. I have eaten at this place 3 times each time going for the mac and cheese. This truffled mac and cheese has rivaled some of the best, from NY to LA. I thought the best one I had was at Cafeteria in NY, but this place for some reason tastes better, maybe they use more truffle or perhaps the cheese just tastes better.Anytime I am craving mac and cheese in vegas, I think of this place. The decor is nice and all of emerils signed chef's outfits are on display. Great job Emeril!
4	This morning when I found out that there were four Emeril Lagasse restaurants in Las Vegas, I almost had to bathe twice! I always loved watching Emeril on television, and Table 10 was my ticket to actually taste his food. BAM!First of all, if you have any children two years old or younger that can't sit still, avoid bringing them to Table 10. While the prices, in my opinion, aren't that steep, this is a celebrity restaurant, dude! Would you bring a mentally unstable baboon to a fancy Jewish wedding? Please note : I'm not calling anyone's child (including my own) a mentally unstable baboon, and my child is not going to a fancy Jewish wedding.The service was great (very attentive and properly mannered staff), the joint was spotless, and the food was borderline bodacious. My party of three went for lunch on a Friday, and we had no wait and a near empty dining room waiting for us. For just under 45 dollars (not including tip) we got a few complimentary bread rolls, a small pizza, pork po' boy with fries, and a Prosciutto Panini with a side salad. The six glasses of tap water I had were exceptional as well. Unlike the water they have on tap in New Orleans. I have not done the research, but even though Table 10 bears Emeril's name, I wouldn't doubt if the man himself hasn't even broken wind in his own restaurant. Hell, I'm just guessing, but Emeril Lagasse probably didn't even create the menu. Hey.... LEAVE THE GUY ALONE! HE'S A BUSY MAN CHOWING DOWN LOTS OF TASTY EATS AND SELLING FOOD ACCESSORIES ON TV! Even if Emeril had little to do with Table 10, I am proud to say that I ate at one of my favorite celebrity chef's restaurants. With the exception of an odd tasting pizza for an appetizer, Table 10 was a pleasant experience. When I go to Mc Donalds tomorrow (and three times a week for the rest of my life. I'm not proud of that.), I'm going to pretend my Mc Double is a Slow Cooked Pork Po' Boy from Table 10.
4	Was in Vegas in the Venetian for a convention, went to Table 10 for lunch.  My girlfriend ate 'the best burger ever' there last year, and we wanted to try it.Two of us ordered the pork po-boy, and agreed it was fantastic.  The third got the burger, and thought it was one of the best he ever had.I'd recommend this place to anyone.  Everything was top-notch (as you'd expect from the Venetian and Emril).
5	Flipping amazing. Everything we tried on the menu was absolutely fantastic. The service is great and the atmosphere is relaxing. I highly recommend a visit and reservations.
4	At the end of last year I visited New Orleans for a long weekend of delicious food and bacchanalia, and came away very impressed with the culture and the cuisine. This past weekend, I went to Las Vegas and after a show was debating where to go for dinner. It was down to Table 10 or the sushi place across the way, and the gf and I decided to go with the Nola flavor (and shorter wait) of an Emril establishment. It was the right choice. The atmosphere was nice, very understated in comparison to the casino downstairs or the bright spectacle of some of the other celeb-chef places, and the music was low-key enough so that you could carry on a conversation with your table without yelling. The gf ordered the scallops and I ordered the beef special, and we both split a bottle of wine. The main dishes were good, though I also ordered a side of the truffle mac and cheese which stole the show. While good, we both agreed that we probably would've ordered a few of the more traditional small plates to split and consulted on the bottle of wine before ordering, but those are minor quibbles about what was a very pleasant experience.
5	I left my new cathouse the Love Ranch Vegas to stay at the palazzo before I flew to nyc to a TV show.  Not wanting to leave The hotel we went Table 10 for a bite. We started with the bacon, applewood with cayenne and brown sugar  and a maple syrup dipping sauce. Simple and amazing Next came the mac n cheese with truffle oil I LOVED IT. then we had an order of the sausage & chicken gumbo  We sat at The back bar and talked to the chef as he grilled as luck would have it he is a cathouse fan.  Loved this place! Can't wait to go back, the service was good, loved the decor, and it was priced fairly.
4	Delicious. Ribeye and lobster mac
4	Actually lunch prices are very decent. The gumbo was awesome, as were the ribs. I tried my friends plate, he had the ribeye sandwich with portebello mushrooms. Yummy, he wasn't a fan of the homemade Worcesterchire sauce but I really liked it.
4	I generally don't eat at Emeril's restaurants, but I'll make an exception when they have amazing sangria and a kickass happy hour.Seriously, the white sangria is reason enough to come.  It's just the right balance of fruit and wine, sweet and dry, and is properly chilled.  Of all the bar eats, the duck fat fries are an obvious standout.  Skip the summer rolls, they were disappointingly soggy and in general lacked flavour.  The BBQ shrimp arrived skewered and head-on.  Despite the mess, they were very tasty with a bit of spice that went great with my second glass of sangria.  As I was closing my tab, my neighbour was delivered an entree of scallops that made me want to sit back down and order sangria number four, but I had to get to an event across the street.
4	We've at at Delmonico and Emeril's fish house so we had to give this place a try. We dropped by during lunch, midweek right after they opened. We were seated right away. I have to say the staff here was awesome. The service here is top notch. What you would expect from the high end restaurant in any city. we had a shrimp poorboy (I love these things) and it arrived in a perfect amount of time and tasted about as close to what you could get in NO without being there. Just like Emeril describes them on any of his TV shows. Skipped dessert because we had a busy day. If your an Emeril's fan and/or like New Orleans food you need to swing by and check Table 10 out.
4	Overall, the experience was good.  The steamed mussels were nicely cooked and had nice flavor.  I also had the porchetta.  This was a whole roasted pig that has the bones removed, then the meat is stuffed back into the skin and put on the rotisserie for several hours.  It is then sliced and served with roasted root veggies.  It was tender and juicy.  The best part was dessert.  I had the banana creme pie.  The filling was thick and just the right sweetness.  Best I have ever had.  On the down side, I was a bit puzzled the the table next to us were served an amuse, but we weren't.  Also, the guy seated near me also got the porchetta and it was about twice as big as mine.  I had pork envy.  Actually, the portion size I had was enough for me, but the lack of consistency was obvious.  Overall, the service was fine, but not at the level I have experienced in the Emeril owned restaurants I have frequented in New Orleans.
4	Mac and cheese with truffle oil is super yummy.  Everything else was tasty but that's mostly b/c it was loaded with fat and salt.This is a great lunch place but not at all where I would want to go for a good dinner.  I don't have a great reason for this, mostly that it's in the middle of a mall and everything from the chairs to the bar to the bathroom feels like a jazzed up chain type eatery.
4	It's all about the candied bacon and luscious desserts.
4	Yum candied bacon! Great service. Emeril does it again!
5	I love Emeril Lagasse's Table Ten.  This was my second trip and for the second time, I was not disappointed.  The stuffed sea bass was one of the best fish dinners I have ever had.  The waiter told us they cook it on some special rotisserie.  It was cooked perfectly.  Was stuffed with herbs and lemon wedges.  Absolutely amazing.  The fillet was a huge hunk of meat, perfectly cooked.  You could practically cut it with a fork.  The short ribs were fall-off-the-bone finger-lickin' good, and the scallops were delicious.  My friend would have preferred a bit more savory, but I thought it was great, but I like sweets of any kind.  It had a nice combo of garlic and raisins -- sounds crazy but it worked.  For dessert the creme brulee, very tasty.  I will definitely visit  again.  Emeril, it was "bam" good;)
3	So we tried to get resi for Carnevino but it was booked and we were staying in Palazzo so figured this should be good enough. After all it's an Emeril restaurant.The ambiance was so so since it was right in the middle of the shops. You could do some people watching. The prices were typical Vegas pricey $30-45 per plate exlcuding tax and tip.Service was excellent. They even brought some chocolate sorbet for the birthday girls. And the food, well it was good, I got the osso bucco with risotto, the special for the night. It was ok but a little too lamby. The rest had steaks and side dishes. All agreed it was just ok. It did the job we felt full and were ready to go out after without going far.
2	I went there for a birthday dinner this weekend for a friend with my hopes set high.  I had never been there before but the fact it was in the Palazzo and suppose to have a great chef really intrigued me.  My first impression of the menu wasn't the best however especially when I read that they had quail eggs and other random items on the menu which is something I AM NOT INTERESTED IN!  After reviewing the menu over and over I decided to order the tomato and mozzarella salad topped with balsamic vinaigrette.  Let me tell you that IT IS NOT A SALAD!! Simply tomato and mozzarella cheese balls!!  To my disappointment there was not one ounce of green in the so called "salad".  Anyways despite eating tomato with cheese it wasn't bad just not what I in vision (I should of asked the waiter before I ordered it).  One of my friends ordered the scallops and was very disappointed.  She said that it didn't taste good and it wasn't even cooked right.  She was more disappointed because it was just four scallops which cost her $10 each.  It was so bad she didn't finish them even though she was clearly hungry.  The rest of my friends complained of the food as well which range from steak, bone marrow and pizza.  The best part of the meal was the butter and one roll they bring out before the meal.  So if you end up going make sure you ask your waiter exactly what your ordering or you will end up with something a bit more disappointing!Let me tell you a bit about my friends.. We are broke college students and don't really expect much to be impressed but when your paying a lot for dinner your expectations level are higher and they were clearly not met.
5	BAM!!! haha I love Emeril....This restaurant is really cool, conceptually. And, if you're a fan of celeb chef restaurants like I am, this is an excellent pick! First we ordered the applewood smoked bacon, baked with cayenne and brown sugar and served with a maple sauce. I couldn't believe we were sitting there with an order of bacon (lol) but it really was sooo good! Next, we tried the mac n cheese with truffle oil Amazing... But I could be biased. I love anything truffle heehee. Next, we tried an order of the sausage & chicken gumbo It was good, but not nearly as mind blowing as the first 2 items.... But i could have just been too full  to fully appreciate it at thatoint. I also had a glass of wine, Which was very good, as they have an incredibe selection and a big beautiful wine cellar. Also,  we got to sit at the bar, which faced an open kitchen. It was really cool to be able to watch them cooking everything and the kitchen was spotless. We were able to see that the food got out really fast too, and was never lingering under heat lamps. The chef was a huge fan of our show, so it was nice to meet him too. We will definitely go back here next time we are in Vegas.Loves itPS there's a more bar like side and a beautiful, classy dining area too, so it's a great pick for everything from happy hours and nights out to business meetings and big date nights....Can't comment on pricing because....well, I'm a girl, I don't pay and its rude to look at the bill if you're not going to pay it, so I don't.... But, judging from the menu, it seemed pretty average to me(average for Vegas, that is)Do it!!
3	I'll be honest, I stumbled in here because there was a wait at I Heart Burgers.Bartenders if you're reading... learn how to make an Arnold Palmer!!  I sent it back twice because of a funky aftertaste... switch-up your lemonade!!  You can thank the Truffle Mac n' Cheese for the 3 stars... otherwise, eh.
3	Some food was good.  Other food was ok.I has the Sea-bass which was ok but just plain.   My wife had the scallops and loved them.  Resturant: 7.5/10Service: 7.5/10.  (Emerils in MGM is much more polished)Ambiance: 6.5/10Cleanliness: 8/10Restroom: 8/10 (as found 7.5/10)Food: 7.5/10 (hit or miss.  Many plates are just plain fish/steak, etc.)Parking:  parking is in the Venetian.  Resturant is in the shopping area.Summary:Although it was ok, I probably won't return.  There are other better options available.   Emerils in  MGM is much better in all categories.
3	Table 10 was a suitable restaurant for a business meal with 4 colleagues.  While it was quite good, there was nothing about the meal that screamed outstanding.  For the price of the meal, something should have really jumped out.As a beginning course, I had a salad with "Salt Roasted Beets."  The salad was arugula, feta cheese, pistachios and the aforementioned beets, with a barely discernible vinaigrette.  While there was nothing wrong with the salad, as I said in the opening, it did not wow me in any way...just a solid preparation of a decent salad.The entree was a Braised Lamb Shank with Pumpkin Risotto.  The lamb shank was done well, but it could have used a bit more seasoning, as I had to add salt and pepper to bring out the flavors.  The risotto was prepared well, but there was no pumpkin flavor to it.Service, as expected, was quite good.
4	Good Jambalaya pasta and the best bread too!  I love good lunch spots in Vegas.  I think this restaurant would do better if it wasn't tucked so far deep in The Palazzo with little visibility.  I ate at the bar and the Bartender was so nice!
4	The iceberg salad with what was kindly called "buttermilk ranch", actually just "buttermilk" i'm pretty sure....was sub-optimal.  The rolls and bread were good, and the special I got the night I went was freaking amazing.  Overall, it was a semi-quiet place to sit and have a meal, the servers were very polite and excellent, I was never wanting for a drink, and everything ran very smoothly.
1	My coworker and I wanted something light, not a $45-a-plate sit-down dinner so we went here.  This place was still on the lunch menu so we were happy.The prosciutto sandwich was horrible.  We both ordered it.  It was vinegar SOAKED... the bread was falling apart, they put the prosciutto (AKA salt cured ham that is NOT cooked) into the panini maker they clearly used... and the entire plate was just a mess.  My salad had brown lettuce and mostly the SEEDS of tomatoes.I ordered a sangria (white).  I should have known better.  It tasted like water, and had an ugly smooshed cherry on top and a tattered looking orange slice.Wait staff?  What wait staff?  We waited up front so long for someone (over two minutes) we thought we seated ourselves.  I said I wanted NO water (we were at a small table and I don't like tap water, why waste the space?) and I was promptly delivered a glass.She came back right after the food arrived and we never saw her again until the, "Shall I bring you a dessert menu?" conversation.I get having 8 people do 8 different jobs... but one to seat us, one to bring us water we don't want, one to deliver menus, one to take an order, two to bring the food... is ridiculous.  Spend all that money on a better chef and I will wait longer for a refill.D-, Emeril.  Very disappointed.
2	I gave another of Emeril's restaurant a try. The only memorable thing about my visit here was the lobster mac-n-cheese. Other than that, I wouldn't return. Some of the food was bland and others were overly salty. I will pass on this place!!!!
3	This review is for happy hour only!  Sunday afternoon in Vegas, walking around needing a sit-down reprieve, we stumbled upon the happy hour here.  Went to the bar and was promptly ignored for awhile.  Finally when opportunity arrived we each ordered red sangria ($6 each) and an order of fried eggplant and squash with oregano aioli. ($6 also).    Despite the most unfriendly waiter on the planet, we enjoyed our experience.  Sangria was refreshing...they take a couple ounces of red wine in a wine glass, then add a pre-soaked mixture that's at the bar to it.  The red is full of orange which I love.  The white one if you want that has a ton of pineapple in it.     Our fried appetizer was simple and good.  Fried well.  Oregano aioli was good, but didn't taste like oregano.  (not necessarily a bad thing).   The only time our waiter smiled was when he handed us the bill.    I was soooooo excited to finally try Table 10.  During our time there we saw some folks eat great-looking chicken wings.  We also saw the same folks send back a raw looking burger.  (we saw several burgers come out but they weren't on either the regular dinner menu nor the happy hour menu that we looked at).   Glad to have had even a minimal experience here.  However, it was not enough to entice us to go back and spend lots of money.
4	The best way to experience the "Emeril" empire.  The food is approachable and packs a flavor punch.  Diverse menu.  And the atmosphere is friendly and inviting; upscale American bistro.As a grinder, the Venetian poker room is a second home.  That said, there is a limit to the amount of food court food I can take.  Table 10 offers an unpretentious (poker players dress code is jeans, tshirts, and hoody), well priced, delicious dining alternative.For starters, the roasted bone marrow is outstanding.  Creamy and melt in your mouth delicious.  Perfect on the toasted brioche.  The braised beef cheeks; fork tender, deep flavor throughout and so perfect with the wild mushrooms and fava beans.Too "Silence of the Lambs"?  For lunch, the rotisserie rib eye sandwich is hard to pass up.  One of the best steak sandwiches anywhere.  Thin slices of delicious rib eye topped with grilled portobello mushrooms, horseradish aioli and fresh peppery arugula.Finally, the roasted suckling pig porchetta is to die for.  Suckling succulence!  Moist, delicious fattiness surrounded by a garlic sauce that packs huge garlic flavor bringing out the incredible sweetness of the pork.Service is very good (can be extremely efficient if you let them know you are under a time constraint like a dinner break in a tourney).Wine list is well chosen.  Prices are fair by Vegas standards.Recommended.
5	The spinach salad was to die for. I never had white Truffle bean puree in this appetizer of Olive tapenade. It was delicious. I love the decor,too. I went to Las Vegas with some girlfriends but the highlight of my trip was eating at this place two days in a row!! The wait staff Edward and Pedro were outstanding.
1	Wow... really sad to say I was extremely disappointed! This was totally a spot a went into thinking I would be paying mostly for experience & some for food.. but never knew the food would be as bad as it was.Went here with my husband & another couple for business purposes. To start service was slow & they were dead.. they brought us an order of calamari that noone had ordered..lol.. but we took it & ate it anyways. I ordered ribs, my husband ordered NY strip. The others ordered fish. The sides were family style. 2-4 people.. Truffle mac n cheese to die for. YuMMy ribs on the other hand were so dry! And barely consisted of any meat. My husbands steak tasted as though it was not fresh & he compared it to hamburger meat..
4	Nice experience at this restaurant! It was pretty and quite comfortable. The staff was friendly and it overall had a very approachable vibe. The bacon appetizer is delicious, but be prepared because it sure is spicy! The sriracha wings were ok as well to much on. The lobster mac and cheese was a bit runny, but still ok. The lobster pasta was nice as well. If you are a steak lover, the filet mignon is very good! They make a great mojito as well, so wash everything down with that! Yum Emerils!
4	the lobster spaghetti and all the sides are amazing.
5	Went here for a dinner before a show.  Told the waiter we were in a hurry.  He said no problem and gave us great service.  Party of 6 - we sat at a round table, better than long table because everyone can talk to each other and see everyone.  This restaurant also had a deal at tix4tonight booths so even though this place was pricy it came out very reasonable!  The food was amazing- everyone must try the truffle mac and cheese!  The portions are large, great place for having family style if you are with close friends.  We ordered the  bone marrow because of the rave reviews here and my boyfriend raved about it.  I tried it for the sake of trying something new, but I wouldn't order it again just because I felt like I was eating a heart attack.  It had a fatty, buttery texture that I was not used to.  I would definitely come back.
2	Oh, Emeril. I don't think this is a love connection.I went to Delmonico's a few years back and found the service amazing, the food over seasoned, but I fell in love with his banana cream pie.  I wanted to give Emeril another try - but I wasn't prepared to spend Delmonico money again.So for lunch, we went to Table 10 on a Saturday.  The food was average or below average.  We enjoyed the rolls and butter. For a starter we shared the Gumbo which we both really liked. Mr. R had the Shrimp Po Boy and liked it - nothing too spicy and it was a good sized sandwich with lots of shrimp.  The fries appeared to be the same ones served at Red Robin - which is nice since we like Red Robin fries - but this food wasn't Red Robin prices!  I got a special of Risotto with watercress, lemon, and shrimp (3).  I am not a risotto expert, and I probably do overcook it at home - but the risotto was so undercooked and crunchy. I was biting down on hard little risotto nuggets all during lunch.  Ew.  The service was disappointing.  We got what we needed and we were served our food, but our server was clearly grouchy and did not smile.  This guy did not like his job, did not like us, and possibly kicks puppies. I felt like we really inconvenienced him by eating lunch in his section.Blah - just not a good experience and not sure if Emeril and I can overcome this.
4	Happy hour review!This is an awesome place to grab a drink and some appetizers!!  I absolutely loved the mojito - it wasn't on the happy hour menu, but it was so good (with yuzu and freshly infused pineapple rum) that I was totally okay with the price.  Best mojito I've ever had, hands down.  I also got a free glass of white sangria for checking in on Yelp, and it was very light and fruity.  Delicious!We had the duck fat fries (pretty good, but a little limp), oyster shooters (too intense for me), and breadsticks wrapped in proscuitto (my husband loved them).  Service was great, the restaurant itself is nicely decorated and classy, and I would definitely return.
4	I wanted to treat my parents to a post-holiday meal and after walking around the Palazzo, we settled on Table 10.The food is decent for the price it is offered at. Plates are about $40-50 a person and sides come out to be around $10-20. We ordered the salt and pepper sea bass, lamb shank with pumpkin risotto, and dry aged rib eye. For a side, we went with the lobster mac and cheese.There was a mixup in the kitchen, and the manager came to apologize for the long wait. To make up for it, he offered a couple of appetizers to keep our stomachs happy: a dungeness crab salad and grissini wrapped with prosciutto. Both were above my expectations and very delicious. I would order both the next time i'm here.When our entrees did make the table, we shared a bite of each dish and all agreed that the lamb shank was definitely the favorite. The meat fell off the bone easily like butter and the roasted garlic on the side intensified the flavors. The sea bass and brocolini were delicious as well. Being a steak-fan, there was nothing memorable about the rib-eye. However it was cooked perfectly and there was a nice crispy and butterfly crust. The lobster mac and cheese put a smile on all our faces as we tasted it. It came baked with a baked crust with large pieces of lobster floating in the creamy sauce.Overall I would come back again. The service is great, the people are friendly and the food was affordable and delicious. Though the food did come out late, the service made up for it with a smile, nice conversation and a couple of free appetizers. Definitely pleased when we left.
2	Lunch on December 26, 2011.  I had the shrimp po boy.  It was not bad, the portions were fine and there were steak cut fries that went with it.  The price was $16.  I was OK, but nothing to write home about.  I would not go out of my way to come here, but if you are hungry and want to get something on that side of the shopping area, it is ok to try.  You can at least say you tried one of Emeril's places.
4	I had a dinner date here with a girl friend I haven't seen for a year. There were so many things we needed to catch up. Table 10 came into my mind because It has very trendy atmosphere with no loud music .(so we could have a nice long talk.) We only ordered couple appetizers and deserts because we planned to eat light before heading to nightclub Marquee that night. Oysters on shell - love its special cucumber sauce, very light and freshMushroom truffle soup - really tasty and creamy with lots of truffle flavorBeets arugula salad - very fresh with just right amount of fruity dressingBeef cheek - it was well braised with balance of sweetness and savory Beef tartar - I was quiet disappointed on this one. I felt it was less seasonedCheese tasting plate - great pairing with honey and grapes, I love everything on my tasting plateOverall I had a great time with their food and excellent services.
1	Not a good experience at Table Ten. My wife and I got seated back in a corner which is fine, but the hostess pulled out the chairs trying to sit us on the side facing the wall. We should've known then to run the other way. Our server had a helper working with her on this evening. We rarely ever saw either of them. Except when they were attending to a larger table next to us. And even then they wouldn't ask how things were. I asked for a recommendation and she said hands down the suckling pig. Was some of the driest flavorless pork I've ever eaten. I'm not a fan of adding salt or pepper to anything, especially when at a restaurant of this caliber. But it was needed just to try and get some flavor out of it. And you would think taking a half eaten plate away would prompt one to ask of the meal was satisfactory. Nothing! Not even when she brought the check did she ask if we enjoyed our meal. If you're in Vegas I suggest you choose one of the other fabulous choices in town.
1	Very disappointing. $100 bill and poor service, sub par entrees. The place has a great vibe but for what they're charging, I expect better service. Even with 2 servers assigned to our table, we never saw either of them. Suckling pig, although recommended by the waitress was very dry and lacked flavor. Sadly disappointed in this one, Emeril.
3	Did dinner with a friend at Table 10 last night and overall had an OK (only) experience.The waitstaff was mostly attentive-but at times disappeared as well.  One app came out over cooked, and they did return it and bring out a re-fired one quickly and without attitude.Both of us also had the signature gumbo-and while the flavor profile was right, as Emeril himself would say-it needed to be kicked up a couple of notches.  Overall, it was bland.The signature banana cream pie was huge and good, the bananas foster was served de-construcred and the flavors never really came together.Overall-the food and service were OK, but you would expect more from Emeril's place.
5	Best lamb shank I've ever had!  Great ala carte sides menu, including both lobster mac n cheese and a truffle mac n cheese.  Others at the table had the bone in filet and the lobster spaghetti and loved it.  Service could have been a tab better, the waiter was having a bad night, but the manager took good care of us with a jack daniels cocktail.  I highly recommend this Emeril Lagassi restaurant.
4	We really enjoyed our dinner at Table 10.  The decor is a little dull but still nice and the service was good.  I had the suckling pig and must say that it was one of the best things I have had in a while.  My husband had the striped bass special and he liked it very much.
3	The ambience at this place is nice very business casual. I enjoyed the brioche rolls very much! I know they are similiar to croissants but they were just the perfect bite! We had dinner for 4 I only tasted a couple of the items so I will only rate those which I tasted. Roasted Beef Marrow Bones - I know that bone marrow is always rich but the one at Table 10 is extremely rich I believe because it comes with toasted brioche which is also buttered I think the combination of both just makes it a tad overwhelming for me. I have had it at other places before such as Charlie Palmer in Costa Mesa and it didn't taste overwhelming like that at all. The sea salt does cut the richness but this dish isn't for everyone that is for sure. Proceed with caution. Dungeness Crab Salad - This dish is basically a ramekin of crab meat with some greens on top and vinaigrette surrounding it. They do give you a good amount of crab meat which is always good. It was a tad over salted and I am a sodium monster so if it's salty for me then I have a feeling it is over salted. Porchetta - I must say this dish is good. The pork is very tender and the veggies that it comes with are beyond tender I had to look twice and see they were baby carrots! I would definitely recommend this dish. Lobster Mac - n- Cheese - must order. very good!Dessert :creme brulee - very good really enjoyed the hazelnut crust underneath pleasant surprise.flourless chocolate cake - was okay.. tasted like a brownie more than anything. I have tasted better. There was also an Ice cream cookie selection - it was good but VERY rich and decadent proceed with caution for sure! covered in chocolate syrup! overall the service was good and the food was good - it was a decent experience for my first time at an Emeril restaurant.
5	I read a review online that talked about Lobster Pot Pie, so when i made reservations I had my heart set on it.  I glanced at the menu and was disapointed to see that it wasn't on the menu.  I asked the hostess who said it had not been on the menu for quite some time.  Just as I was about to see what my back-up dish would be the hostess offered to ask the chef if they would make it for me.  i was thrilled when she said they would be happy to make the exception.  Made my reservation and came back later that night to a wonderful meal!  Service was great, nice atmospher, and the food was to die for.  Polished off with coconut cheese cake.  Yum!  Will go back on my next vegas trip and try other dishes (on the menu this time).
3	Stopped in for lunch today.  I had the steak sandwich and my wife had the panini, both were just ok.  Service was good, very attentive.  Price a little high for the quality of the food.
2	very blah food.. The gumbo was decent. the truffle mac and cheese was ok, but lacked salt. I ordered the salmon and specifically told the waiter that I wanted it close to rare, but the salmon that was brought out was well done. I can understand if you cannot cook the salmon rare.. but if u are telling me that you can, you better bring it out rare. my friend had the porchatta - said that it was ok, but felt like spam. overall, very blah food.
1	I had high hopes for this restaurant but was sadly disappointed. The service was so-so, not very attentive to our table of 12 (maybe because gratuity would already be included). The waiter seemed a little annoyed that we asked for more rolls, but the food was taking forever. But I can handle bad service as long as the food is good!Expecting bold and flavorful Cajun/Creole, I was completely underwhelmed. The food was so bland everyone at the table was disappointed. Not only were the prices on the higher end, the portions were small and the flavor was severely lacking.  I would not recommend nor visit Table 10 again.
5	Love Yelp! I got a free Sangria, food, conversation and drinks were great as I ended my Vegas trip.
4	I came here with a co-worker while we were waiting for our group to show up in Vegas. I will have to say that by the time I got there the restaurant was empty. This was at 10 pm. That scares me. Boyyy wassss I wrong, the food was great, atmosphere dark and trendy. I liked it a lot. I ordered the BRAISED BEEF CHEEKS, it included wild mushrooms - fava beans - Wiser Farms carrots.  It was a great combination of meat with vege's. I was not able to try anything else however, I would definitely go back and try something else. ^_^ ENJOY!
2	Oh Emeril how I wanted to love this restaurant...Then BAM...I honestly thought this place was more Creole inspired, but it was more American tradition. We tried the carrot soup doesn't sound good, but that actually was creamy and good. For my entree ordered the pork dish which was supposedly cooked for hours then served up with some vegis. The pork was very bland and was certainly not the tender dish it was described to be. We split the truffle mac n cheese and that was the best thing I ate along with that bread roll. My friend ordered the chicken dish and the chicken wasn't thoroughly cooked..The rest of the table wanted to order the bananas flambe and their version of "beignets"..The bananas were cooked perfectly and the sauce was pretty rumliscious. The "beignets were okay. Overall, I felt underwhelmed and disappointed and yes..I have experienced better for that price..
4	Good....I ate there with a group of people and we all thought it was a solid 4 star place.  I had the salmon and it was good.
4	Service was incredible.  We were a group of seven and all were pleased with the food and service provided.  We would all definitely recommend and return.
4	Three words: Best. Lamb. Ever.Went to Table 10 during a tradeshow stint in Sin City. There are a zillion places to choose from, but we love the Venetian and Table 10 seemed to have something for everyone.I started with a killer Manhattan and the night just kept getting better. Classic wedge salad was crisp and clean with all the right textures. The lamb shank with pumpkin risotto literally melted in my mouth. The table agreed I scored the winner that night. The lamb was falling off the bone and beyond delicious, the risotto (which didn't taste especially "pumpkin-y" to me) was cooked perfectly. For dessert we all split the coconut cheesecake with macadamia nut crust. The only recommendation I'd have for that is to leave off the sauce - it's a passion-fruit-esque kind of concoction but the cheesecake stands well enough alone.The menu seemed diverse and our servers were fantastic - definitely recommend if you're in the area.
3	We visited Table 10 only because we were in the Palazzo, it was lunchtime and it was there. The dining room was empty apart from one other table. The servers were very nice despite the fact that they were not busy. We ordered the lunch special, which was a vegetarian pasta dish and a prosciutto pizza. The food arrived quickly and tasted great. Not sure about going to Table 10 for dinner as there was not much on the menu that we fancied, but lunch was fine.
4	We decided to do a sampler, tapas style dinner and it was great!  And was surprisingly inexpensive. My husband had the gumbo and said it was really good. We split a salad that was super tasty, and we fought over the truffle Mac and cheese. It was a huge portion and one of the best pastas I've ever tasted - ever!  Also got a seasonal pizza with artichoke that was just good, not great.
5	I love Emeril Lagasse's Table Ten.  This was my third trip and for the third time, I was not disappointed. Beef cheeks, OMG, the best thing ever!  Lobster spaghetti, OMG, the best thing ever!  Everyone in our party enjoyed this place.
4	Table 10 is cozy and romantic, with trip hop music playing softly in the background. Our waiter Chris was great and explained the menu in depth, helping us make our choices. Celery root soup with port crema was amazing (one of the specials) and my husband's bone-in filet was very tender and delicious. I ordered the striped sea bass and and it was good but too big ( a whole fish) and a bit monotonous in flavor. The cheese plate was mediocre. Overall, our dining experience here was good, I would definitely come back again to try some of the other dishes (scallops, bone marrow, steamed mussels).
5	My husband and I LOVE FOOD so we figured when we go to Vegas to try Emeril's restaurant.  We made reservations for 5 of us and were seated promptly upon arrival.  The ambiance is dark and sultry.  It was nice to be seated at a table that could have easily fit 2 more people.  We actually 2 people servicing our table for the entire dinner and they were fantastic and on the ball!!  To start I ordered a spinach salad with goat cheese which was served with a whole bulb of roasted garlic. 3 words:  UH-MAAAAAAHHH-ZING!! loved the garlic it was served with.  The table also ended up splitting Lobster mac n cheese which was to die for!!  i don't even like lobster but it wasn't too sweet and the mac n cheese was extremely creamy and the dish wasn't too rich.  For my main course I had the linguine with clams and bacon...SUPER DELISH!!  it was a thick cut bacon with a white wine sauce that had just the right texture and consistency.  Sometimes they can be watery but not this one!!  We had a trio of desserts including coconut cheesecake, bananas foster and some kind of donuts filled with cream.  I don't even like coconut but the cheesecake was DE-LISH-SHUS and those donuts were ON POINT!!  Was not a huge fan of the bananas foster which is usually NOT the case but the other desserts made up for it!!I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS RESTAURANT based off of my experience. YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY!!
4	What is there to say about an Emeril Lagasse restaurant that hasn't already been said? The food and service are great, and for the cheaper price tag, it's a suitable replacement for the pricier and stuffier Delmonico next door in The Venetian.  The specials here can be hit and miss at times, so stick to the normal menu and you'll have a great meal.
2	Had high expectations for this place and was pretty disappointed.  We came in for lunch and each ordered the shrimp po' boy.  We were definitely underwhelmed.  It was nothing compared to the shrimp po' boy from Brenda's French Soul Food in San Francisco.  Totally flavorless and I had to force myself to finish it.  Had the white chocolate malasadas and was expecting to be blown away but they were just ok.  The good thing was that the wait staff helping us were very helpful and on top of it with everything.  Glad to say that I tried it but I have no plans on coming back.
4	Pretty good and cozy Place for casual dinning.... Steak and lobster bisque soup were really great!!!
4	You can get addicted to a certain kinda sadnessLike resignation to the end, always the endSo when we found that we could not make senseWell you said that we would still be friends at...TABLE 10! - Gotye (somebody that i used to know)Located right in front of the escalator at the palazzo, I've walked past this restaurant many times and when I found out this was Emeril's Table 10, i was excited. I already knew what i was ordering before i got here as the succling pig got rave reviews on yelp. I ordered that while my friend ordered their specialty pizza. When i dish arrived at the table, it looked like a kidney with carrots on the side lol. I wasn't too worried though because the reviews on this dish was so good, and they were right! If i was only eating with my eyes, it would've been oft putting but it tasted so good. It was a generous portion and i finished it all. For dessert, i forgot exactly the name of what we got but it was described to us and recommended by the waiter since it was the only dessert on the menu that has been a mainstay since they opened the restaurant as fried donut holes with warm white chocolate sauce inside with a sweet en glaze poured table-side. Oh man it was so delish, couldn't believe how much i ate that night. Food: 4.5 stars --- Service: 4 stars --- Atmosphere: 4.5 stars --- Price(value): 4 stars
1	Went for happy hour. Bartender was the worst I have ever encountered.  If you are over 40 don't wast your time and head anywhere instead.  Bartender's obnoxious behavior ruined Table 10.  Would NEVER consider going back. Actually put a damper on the whole night. would rate a "0" if I could. Keep in mind, this was all on the bartender.
4	Stop in for sweet snack.  Excellent cheese cake.
2	Disclaimer: This is a vegan's viewI expect most high-end restaurants to be able to put together something vegan, especially if you ask without regard to price. But after being seated here with a fairly large party, I asked what my options were for something vegan. I don't expect miracles, but in Carnevino, the waiter came back and said the chef would take care of me. I ended up with salad and some vegetables, but filling enough and very good. And I had something with every course.At Table 10, I got a response that I'm used to from chains like Applebees. The waiter came back and said that they didn't really offer anything vegan, and only suggested a salad, though didn't offer specific recommendations on which had dressing without egg or dairy. Ultimately I ordered fries, spinach, and charred peas. It ended up being filling enough, but unsatisfying overall. The $9 serving of spinach was ordinary, though the charred peas were good.
2	A group of 7 of us ate at Table 10 last night and were all disappointed.  The service was painfully slow.  We waited about 20 minutes after being seated to get our drinks/wine.  Another 15 minutes to order.  Another 40 minutes to get our entrees.  The food was mostly flavorless.  The fish and steak was overcooked.  The bacon appetizer was good.  The lobster mac and cheese was just OK.  The only great part of the meal was the wine - a Jordan cab.I would not recommend this restaurant.  There are many better choices in Las Vegas.
3	Reasonably priced, average cuisine, good service. A bit underwhelming for being an Emeril restaurant, but an accessible option that can easily accommodate large groups.Friend really enjoyed her Colorado filet mignon, which came out beautifully, paired with spinach and potato puree, served with a red wine sauce. Wasn't impressed with the kobe beef shortrib - beef was semi-grade and surprisingly tough. Served with sauteed spring vegetables and potato puree. Service was friendly enough and attentive. Restaurant was surprisingly empty on a Thursday evening.
5	Ok. Ok.      OK.............Ok.......For real though.....WOW!My fiance and I were in Vegas about to do the whole dinner and a show thing followed by some drinking, socializing, then a wobbly walk home to the room for a nightcap. We got ourselves reservations for TABLE 10 which is a restaurant by the famous chef Emeril Lagasse. It was a toss up because I knew I wanted this to be a great date night and I wanted the food to be outstanding.Well...we lucked out. Not only was the ambience perfect for a nice romantic but not stuffy dinner, but the food was absofrickinmazing! That's my made up word because a normal one doesn't do it justice. We got several smallish dishes to share. The first was in bone, bone marrow served with crispy crostini slices. Slap yo mama good! Seriously if she was there I would slap her. Lightly across the shoulder of course because anything else would warrant me getting a busted lip. I said to my fiance that if any of the other dishes are better than this one I will be a very happy man.Well paint me blue and call me Smurf because I'll be damned if they didn't continue to turn out dish after absofrickinmazing dish. I whole heartedly recommend anyone go and eat there if they are in Las Vegas. You will not be sorry.....Because you will be too busy being happy. :)
3	Dinner at the bar with the wife.  Nice atmosphere with an open kitchen.  Service was okay.  Bartenders were perfectly nice, but had little input regarding the menu.  "Everything is good" is not really the response I want to hear.Anyway, I definitely wanted to try the fried smelt (one of the reasons we decided to try Table 10).  The order is huge for an appetizer and was quite reasonably priced.  The smelt were fried perfectly.  Unfortunately, there was way too much salt sprinkled all over the smelt after they were fried.  Takes a lot for me to say that as I like big taste.  Also, tried the beef cheek appetizer.  This was tender and excellent with plenty of vegetables.  The Gumbo was rather mild and needed a Tabasco sauce kick.  I chose the suckling pig "porchetta" entree and was underwhelmed.  Bland meat with pretty bland sauce.The mixed cocktails were delicious.  Mango and spice was the right combination of sweet and spicy and the agave fresco was very refreshing.  Happy hour is from 3-6 daily and has some nice value.
4	My husband and I ended up at Table 10 by chance while wondering around the Palazzo trying to find a place for dinner.  The good news is that most people eat dinner super late on the strip, so we had no trouble getting a table at a normal dinner hour (around 6:00 P.M.).Service was a bit slow at first but then got better.  They were not busy, so I'm not sure what the problem was.  I'd say we waited a good ten minutes to order drinks.  After that there was a dramatic improvement.I have mixed reviews to offer on the food.  I expected a better cocktail sauce to be served with the oysters.  In fact, we had much better oysters at a more reasonable price the next day at the Palace (right off the strip).  My husband's salmon was out of this world excellent--the best I've ever tasted.  On the other hand, my gumbo was nothing special.  That disappointed me, because of Emeri'ls BAM thing.  My gumbo definitely lacked the BAM factor.  Thankfully, I was saved by dessert.  We ordered and scarfed down the White Chocolate Malassadas, which are little donuts with white chocolate on the inside and cinnamon sprinkled on the outside.  Oh . . . my . . .God!!!!  Yes, they were THAT good.
3	I had the clams and linguine al dente, and shared in bruschetta and prosciutto appetizers.  The bruschetta was fresh, light, but uninspiring. The prosciutto was good.The main dishes took a good 35 minutes to prepare. My linguine was al dente as requested. It was slightly lacking in sauce but I had no other complaints.Service is attentive to the point of almost overbearing. I had my plate changed 5 times throughout the course of my meal and my water filled every 7 minutes.
4	Stopping in for a quick happy hour cocktail, actually ended up staying for a few more, ooops. Ordered the "Sand Dollar," Sammy Hagar Beach Bar Rum, St Germain, Lemon Juice, Lemon Juice, Lemon Bitters, and Orgeat Syrup. Now i usually NEVER drink rum unless its a mojito, but you cant even taste rum! So smooth, nice lemon kick and sweet simple finish. Perfect for summer. Served up with a twist. Paired excellently with a half dozen oysters to start. Mustve been the bright green cucumber sauce the oysters were served with that made it so refreshingAlso enjoyed Emerill Lagasse's bbq shrimp. Jumbo shrimp soaked in a sauce of butter, cream, bbq base, various pepper spices. Different spin on a sauce that im used to , but job well done. Very rich, flavor packed punch. Much of that in what id expect in a new saucy experiment.Lastly, Pork Poudin Blanc. Breaded and lightly deep fried donut hole sized ball of pork and rice. Served with a smpe sweet and sour sauce. Need i say more??Btw, it smells amazing in here! Dont know why its not busier
5	Fantastic. I highly recommend this place. The food is outstanding! WOW!!!  Get the bacon, gumbo & ribs. Yum!
4	Pretty good show, Emeril!  We came here for Happy Hour, but ended up ordering more things off of the regular menu.  I was very pleased overall!WHAT?!?! Checking in using my Yelp app gave me a free sangria?! Hot stuff!! Alright, this is already starting well.  I ordered the Mango & Spice cocktail, which was very interesting. Sweet, but with a jalepeno kick at the end. It got better as I continued to drink it.The service was...just so-so. Our waiter acted like he'd rather be doing something else.  He forgot my Sprite and was generally rather flat and somewhat unfriendly. Turned out, we came at the end of his shift, so we ended up with a different server for the last half of our meal. He was a bit better.The meal started with the best, softest, warmest, most delicious rolls.  They just brought them out one at a time for each diner, so we ended up having to ask for more. I think I could have just eaten those rolls for my meal!!I ordered the lobster mac & cheese and the BBQ shrimp (on the Happy Hour menu) for my meal.  I loved them both! There were just 3 shrimp, but they were nicely sized, and there was plenty of sauce. The lobster mac & cheese was obviously meant for sharing (it was $19), so I didn't finish the whole thing. It was yummy! Big chunks of lobster throughout, creamy mac & cheese with breadcrumbs baked on top.My friends ordered the gumbo (said it was a bit too salty), and the shrimp po boy (pretty tasty).We had a coupon from the Palazzo for an extra 15% off, which they honored with no problem, but I had to send the bill back to get the sangria taken off the bill (thanks again, Yelp!).  Overall, it ended up being quite reasonably priced for a lovely early dinner.
3	I really want to give a great review.I really want to give a great review.I really want to give a great review.But I just can't....We love Emerils food and frequent his fish house a few times a year so we decided to try his Table 10.  Our waitress and the manager were really great but it just wasn't as good as we expected it to be.Gumbo-  Great gumbo as I would expect from EmerilBeef Cheek- very tender and perfectly cooked but not very flavorful...bland, just missing some BAM.Gnocchi- My wife loved it because it had a unique texture.  I like my Gnocchi to be smooth and creamy...these had an oatmeal like texture and it just turned me off.  The marinara sauce was good, if not a little sweet.Add-on lobster-  This lobster was so strange that I had to confirm what type of lobster it was with the manager, he replied Maine lobster.  It was a bowl of big lobster chunks but the consistency was not meaty at all as you would expect but more like mushy white fish that flaked apart.  I have never had lobster like this, we didn't finish it.Spicy maple infused bacon-  This was awesome and unique.  I would go back just to have this again.I wanted to love Table 10 but it just had more misses than hits.  I do want to stress that the staff was really great...we had an error occur with our left overs and the manager insisted on cooking new dishes for us.  He was very generous and very professional.I may return and try it one more time in the future....maybe just for the bacon!
5	Great food.  Loved every bite.  Service was excellent.  The Bananna Cream Pie is the best I have ever eaten.
4	My girl friends and I came here for some happy hour during my bachelorette. We enjoyed their free sangria thanks to yelp. =) We ordered their famous mac n cheese, Siracha wings, and some other small appetizers. Everything was fresh and delicious. I really liked the wings, they were nicely fried and spicy!! Yum.
5	BAM!  Emeril is a winner!  Food and service are great.  We didn't have anything we didn't enjoy.
4	Everything I had exceeded my expectations.My waiter suggested to try the Charred English Peas so we did and they really were an unexpected pleasant surprise. You can eat them the same way you eat edamame. The peas were big and beautiful and firm the way they should be.I had the Ahi Salad and the freshness and quality of the ahi made this an enjoyable meal. The salad was very fresh and was made with butter lettuce, fresh green beans and pitted quality olives.My husband had the spinach salad and the gumbo. He was very impressed with the spinach salad and said outside of New Orleans this was the best gumbo he had.Everything we had was done nicely.The Big Open Kitchen was nice , clean and organized.Service was great!BAM!
1	Went back to see if they got their act together...not. Gumbo was shockingly average coming from a chef that embraces his New Orleans background. Service was slow....really slow.  Truffled mac and cheese was decent. But the food is very average, when I go out I want to eat better than what I can prepare quickly at home. Especially if I am to wait (most of the wait was after the meal to get the check, maybe 15-20 minutes..inexcusable at a non-busy restaurant at lunch time)
5	AGAIN EVERYTHING EXCEEDED MY EXPECTATIONS! BAM!I didn't plan to come back so soon but did because they wouldn't let us have the antipasto menu at Otto Enoteca and it turned out to be a very good thing.I didn't know they have a top ten in the country mixologist here so we tried the special $7 cocktails. All the drinks were very creative combinations and that's a great price for Vegas and the drinks were very good!We shared the YUMMY English Peas that you eat like edamame. My husband had to have the gumbo again since it's so good here.I had the striped bass that's served whole. The fish was as fresh as can be and was prepared to perfection. The dish came with lemon risotto that was prepared perfect and wasn't the traditional flavor of risotto but the lemon flavor coordinated well with the entree. The risotto was garnished with fresh pea shouts and fresh peas. My husband had the whitefish with fresh crab heirloom tomatoes with a fresh cucumber sauce that was delicious as well.The service again was PHENOMENAL!Emeril can be very proud his employees do a Great Job Here!4.5 Stars
4	Really loved the atmosphere, it was so calm and nice in there. One thing that bothered me was the fact that we each got one bread bun, and that was it. I wanted more. That bread was delicious. I'm bitter about that. Fast service, nice waiters and waitresses and yummy food!
5	The service is wonderful and so is the food. Carlsbad Mussels, Rotisserie Baby Back Ribs, Dungeness Crab Salad, Kobe Beef Short Ribs, 2003 Domaine Courvis Red Rhone Wine and Vero's Lemon Bar with Blueberry Coulis - every bit of it was awesome!
3	Rating based on food : 4 StarsRating based on speediness of service : 2 StarsIt's a shame I have to give it only 3 stars. Food was great!  Service wasn't bad, but it was so painfully slow.  They comped our drinks to make up for the slow service, which was nice of them.
5	I don't like throwing down a FIVE star on a restaurant after just a single visit, but this visit was SO spectacular that I'm breaking my rule.  Oh, Emeril, I think I just fell in love with you.  Okay, maybe not you... but Table 10 is my new love in Vegas and I will be going back at first opportunity!Here's how it all happened.  My dad is a Grazie gold member at the Venetian and they offered him dinner for two at Table 10 as a part of his offer this week.  He could care less about food so he sent my mom and I to dine like queens in his stead.  THANK YOU DAD!!!!  Apparently, this offer is for a specific menu and I believe that this menu is available to order from otherwise, too, because it said at the top $75 for two people.  It's your standard Prix Fixe with three choices for each: appetizer, entree, and dessert, but I'm kicking myself because I don't remember all of the options on it, just what I selected!My mom and I both made the same selections and we started with a tomato and burrata salad - what is not to like?  My mouth is watering just thinking about it!  They also brought out pillowy soft dinner rolls that were so warm and delicious!  Our entree was tournedos of beef served over a potato puree with broccoli.  The beef was cooked PERFECTLY.  I asked for horseradish because I love horseradish with my steak and it was spicy and delicious.  The broccoli was crisp and fresh and the potato puree silky and tasty. We were also brought more rolls, oh YUM! But, the star of the night?  The pistachio cheesecake.  This is literally one of the best desserts I've had.  EVER.   The cheesecake was pistachio flavored on a chocolate crust with  whole pistachios on the plate.  It was served with vanilla ice cream.  It was the PERFECT combination of sweet and salty, crunchy and creamy.  I'm actually in love with a dessert!We also ordered glasses of pinot grigio.  It was nice.  My only complaint is that I didn't check in on Yelp until we left and that was when I found out I could have gotten a free glass of sangria from my Yelp check in, if I would have checked in right when we got there since we had arrived just before happy hour ended at 7!  Ah, next time.Our server, whose name I do not recall - sorry, was awesome.  He was professional and attentive, but unobtrusive.  I felt well taken care of even though they knew we were there receiving the free dinner. Our water glasses were kept full and plates removed at the appropriate time and there were no lags between requests, deliveries, and clearing.  The service was outstanding.Literally, I have NO complaints.  They even have their own restroom in the restaurant, which is unusual for a casino restaurant.  This was one of the nicest dinners I have enjoyed and I will highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who asks where they should eat in Las Vegas.
4	Table 10 is located right up the escalators from the Palazzo in the Shops of the Palazzo. If your familiar with this area, it's right next to Sushi Samba.  Our waiter was extremely attentive, really nice, and very informative.  Very unique appetizer selections- my friend got the smelt for like $11 and there was at least 40 pieces, it definitely was a meal if you just added some fries to it.  They also had radishes which I can't stand but we all had never seen that as an app before.  They also have a wide selection of food, from pasta, to steak, to seafood, so there's enough to make everyone hapy.Short rib was very good, very tender.  My friend got the Salmon and he loved it.  Tomato/ Mozzarella salad was very uneventful and probably was plated worse than I'd do at home with mine.  I'd skip that one.
5	My husband and I, along with friends, celebrated our 15th Wedding Anniversary at this restaurant last evening.All of us truly enjoyed our meals and the ambiance at Table 10!The food - Oysters on the half shell, Bacon w/ Bourbon glaze, Filet Mignon, Short Ribs, Linguini and Clams, followed by the doughnuts, Apple Cobbler, and Banana Creme Pie - were so delicious!It was the service that was worthy of 5 stars, though!Table 10 knows how to make a customer feel like a guest!!!I felt like a cherished person, rather than just a person who was paying someone's bills.Chris and his team were amazing, but Chris gave credit to Emeril for training the staff in the proper way. I will recommend this restaurant to all of my friends that come to Las Vegas!
4	i recently tried a resturant which, happens to be one where emril lagasse put his name on it. we had a special offer from the venetian to go here.  the grazie special comes in a seperate menu which is a thre-course menu and your party of two gets to choose any two of the given three items in the three differnt courses : appetizer, main and dessert.My mom chose the salad, the fried bass, and the cheesecake, while i chose the gumbo, tundura steak, and the chocolate mousse.my sister ordered the steak and my brother in law ordered the cajun pasta. everyone shared the dishes with everyone and all the food involved were delicious.My steak: medium rare, very tender, juicy, melts in the mouthmy sister's steak: medium rare, very tender, tastes good w/sauce fried bass: doesnt taste greasy for a fried item, melts in the mouthPasta tastes good, a touch of spice to give it a zesty tasteover all the food is extraordinary, service is okay and i will defintely come back, should my pocketbook allow for it. shoudl it come for free again, im definitely there :)
4	Good ol Table 10... The first time I went here I had the cola braised duck which may have been the best non-confit duck I have ever eaten. Based on this dish alone I would have given the place 5 stars. However, I have been back multiple times and they have taken it off the menu and The food has been good but not great since then. I've had really good dishes and some pretty mediocre dishes. That being said whenever I've had an issue with a dish I was well taken care of. Don't get me wrong, the food is good and the prices are definitely reasonable considering you are in the Palazzo but they set the bar really high on my first trip in and have yet to hit the bar again food wise.Where Table 10 really shines is during happy hour with their app and drink specials. You can get a signature cocktail designed by master mixologist Max Solano for a really good price and if you check in on foursquare or yelp you get a free sangria. Actually if it were not for Max's drinks prepared perfectly by Hagan and Pedro I would probably have given table 10 three stars instead of 4. The bartenders take really good care of their customer and in my experiences here, they are better servers than the servers are. Hagan, who I have worked with most, is always on top of things and will make sure you have a good dining experience and Pedro saved the day one time when I had an issue with the bone marrow. One of the three servings was rock hard and my server told me that when it came to bone marrow that you just get what you get. Pedro happened to overhear that and he immediately came over, took my plate and walked back to the kitchen. Soon after I was presented with a replacement. In the end, I usually start my evening here since most conventions I go to are in the Sands and this is just a short walk from there and they are open early. I start my evenings here more often than not and it's a great atmosphere. I hope that eventually I will hit the jackpot again as I did on my first visit for dinner but in the meantime I am content with their generous happy hour offerings and great bar service.
2	Dined at Table 10 Oct 20, 2012 and was very disappointed.  The soup de jour was mushroom and was OK but was served in a bowl that had to be 20 in wide which equates to 1/18 depth so therefore soup was cold before you could take 2 bites. Lobster was not good, no taste and very mediocre,  Appetizer Smoked maple  bacon was served very in a bowl by itself with nothing to go with it....greasy and just in a bowl. Special butternut squash ravioli had very little taste.  Pasta part was very nice but the rest of the dish was just plain bland. All other foods are very spicy hot as was the bacon.   I expected food that was  prepared with more of a flare. This was like eating at some cheesy pseudo gourmet.   We started with one waiter and mid meal another waiter took over while the first was still in the restaurant....a little different?   I won't be back.
4	Tasty!!!! Everything we had was amazing.... I LOVED the filet mignon!!!! The wine list (and wine cellar) is so expansive and delish!!!! I just wish the atmosphere were a little better/classier.... But I guess "When in Vegas..."..... But if you get past the small, crammed atmosphere, the food is GREAT!!!!! Try the red sangria!!!!! (the white is gross)
4	You must order the scallops -- simply delicious!!!!!
5	BEST FOOD EVER. Customer service was great - we were seated right on time for our reservation. Our server gave us real options based off the most popular dishes and his favorites. We started with the candied bacon - so delicious. There's an amazing sweet bourbon sauce that they drizzle on the bacon that makes it sweet and savory at the same time. BEST beef short rib around. Fall of the fork tenderness and a rich sauce to pair. We also got the pork chop with roasted garlic sauce and buttery carrots. The size portion was such a great bang for your buck. THEN best part was the truffle mac and cheese. SUCH a lingering taste in your mouth hours afterward. So delicious. Please go to Table 10. Great customer service, AMAZING FOOD. Thank you, Emeril Lagasse! BAM!!
3	This review would have been better but I think I caught the restaurant out at a bad time.  The food was excellent.  The fish was well done, the ribs were tender and moist, the veggies crisp.  The food was delivered too hot, though.  The drinks were good but not amazing.  I guess I just expected more considering the premium price.  Our table was in a far corner, next to a table of 8 kids, it made us feel somewhat unappreciated.  We were a pair of reasonably well-dressed adults with good manners, so I'm not sure why they threw us in the back.  There was no bread on the table--apparently there's a guy that makes rounds but he didn't show up until halfway through the main course, then ran off before butter.  It was really odd.  I'd return for the food hoping the experience is better the second time around.
3	Food was mediocre.  Bbq shrimp comes with 4 shrimps, very large shrimps and surprising didn't taste like bbq at all. Flavor was good but for $4/shrimp, I expected a bit more BAM! Also had the Truffle mushroom soup which was very rich. Couldn't finish the bowl because of how rich it was.Halibut with shrimp is a must. Perfectly cooked, flaky and full of flavor. Side of truffle mac and cheese was taste worthy but not a must have.We went for dinner at 7 pm and only 2 other tables were seated. Good time to go on a Friday night. We didn't appreciate how close the tables were to each other. I could hear everything both parties were saying on either side of our table. It would have improved the atmosphere a lot more if we were a bit more spaced out.Service was great. Never had an empty glass and our server's recommendations were right on. Thank you, Josh.
4	Have had some large corporate dinners here 10-25 guests and the service food and staff are amazing , when we have corporate officers coming to town they know to request a dinner here !!!
3	Nice restaurant in a nice mall.  Went here with a large group and was able to get good vegetarian options at a fixed-course meal.  They prepared an excellent squash ravioli as a main course for us vegetarians. Also had tomatoes with fresh mozzarella as a first course (which I don't see on their menu).  We sat "outside" in the mall so did not experience much of the atmosphere of the restaurant.
3	I sat at the bar. Had a glass of Acacia chardonnay...not bad but a little pricey. The bartender recommended i get the scallops since i was looking for something light. The serving size was very small for an entree.The scallops were large but a tad underseasoned. The cauliflower was there but barely. The meal was overall ok. It came out luke warm too. Pros: great location, great low key ambience, good selection of seafood, tasty bread rolls.
3	I wouldn't go out of my way to get here. I was staying at the Palazzo and was looking for something else that was quick besides the Grand Lux Cafe. Was it good? Well, it was all right.There was zero wait for a table of four on a Sunday evening which was nice. My main dish was Emeril's New Orleans BBQ shrimp. It was super salty but hey, it was flavorful. There were only four pieces of jumbo shrimp though. Uh oh...still hungry? Fortunately, the appetizer was the beef carpaccio, which was served with truffle toast. That was good. The bread brought to our table was deliciously soft and squishy with butter. That helped a bit too.Service was good and the prices are reasonable for Vegas. Don't forget to check-in on Yelp to receive a complimentary glass of Emeril's seasonal fruit sangria!
5	If you are looking for a dining experience to go along with one of the best steaks around, then this is your place.  The service was great and the atmosphere was great.  A very lively place. We had some butternut squash soup, compliments of the restaurant. which was great. That was the first time I had ever tried it.  We each got the 8 oz filet, cooked to perfection with great taste with sides of mac and cheese and the hot potatoes. We skipped desert but they brought us banana nut bread cupcake with pudding filing. Great place and highly recommend.
3	We had lunch here twice on two separate Vegas trips. First time, food and service were 4 stars. This time, food was 3.5 and service was 2.5. I was surprised to have such mediocre service at the Palazzo. Our waiter was inattentive, took a long time to bring our drinks, didn't split or check like we had requested. Just not impressed.
5	We came about 9:30 looking for a snack before a night out. We ending up sharing an order of the Lobster Mac & Cheese.OhMy GoshDELISH. The waiters were amazing & the food is beautiful and tastes so good! Eat Here!
4	Great atmosphere and service. Ordered the wild salmon and loved it.
4	Sit at the viewing table (so you can see right into the kitchen) and order the siracha chicken wings.  You won't be disappointed!Oh, and the banana cream pie?  Deee-lish.
4	Located in The Palazzo, somewhere on the second level of the shops, this was a really good dinner once we found the place. They nicely seated us right away even though we were late for our reservation. Thanks to FourSquare (and this app too) we each earned a free red or while Sangria. It was missing the usual glass full of fruit, but it tasted like a Sangria. I got the crab salad to start. I've had lots of crab meals around town but this one tasted a bit fishy. It was good though and about a cup of it came in the serving. My entree however was amazing. I ordered a filet (8oz) medium well. It came butterflied and was cooked perfectly in all portions. The taste of the wood fire was wonderful! Good service and l really loved that steak.
4	Overall, very satisfying meal.  Starters were delicious (smelt, tomato/mozzarella salad), as well as our main entrees (braised lamb, halibut).  Serving temperature of each dish was very hot, which I always critically appreciate.  We ordered a few glasses of wine which tasted as expected.  Service staff was attentive, yet needed to be a bit more personable and knowledgable.  Unfortunately, we didn't have time to check out the desserts. We will return.
2	Very disappointing food, service, and experience.I've eaten at Delmonicos and Emeril's Fish House, so I should have been prepared for the overall poor experience of going to Table 10.  I deducted a star for the taste of the food, a star for the service, and a star for the price point.  Usually when hyou pay for an expensive meal, you way quality tasting food and service.  However, this place was just a disappointment.  I will never go back again.  The only bright spot I can say is that this place is better than the Fish House.  That place is disgusting.
4	Yes, I'm on the quest to try every one of Emeril's restaurants in my life, so I'm on number two now. Table 10 is located in the shop area of the Palazzo and I really wanted to try it. Luckily, my girlfriend and her family indulged me with this little request and we did.Our waiter was a little off, but I'm giving him a pass because the rest of the experience was great. Maybe he had a tough night or something, but we were there for lunch and not sure he wanted to be. That being said, onto the food.We decided to go family style and ordered a few of the New Orleans Fried Shrimp po'Boy's ($16). They were quite tasty the shrimp was fried to perfection, with a wonderful Creole mayonnaise, very similar to Lagasse's Stadium, but even better. They were also served with tasty, fresh cut fries that were devoured quite quickly.We also got the La Quercia Prosciutto Panino ($15). It contained mozzarella, roasted heirloom tomatoes, balsamic vinaigrette and a garden green salad. It was a very tasty sandwich, think high caliber grilled cheese with tomatoes. It would've been nice if the tomatoes were chopped as I felt it needed a little more consistency throughout the sandwich. Quite tasty though. The salad was extremely fresh and tasty. The last shared item was the Kurobuta Baby Back Rotisserie Ribs with a pickled corn salad ($25). There was enough for the whole table to eat. It was a huge portion. The ribs had a great sweetness to them that worked perfectly. It was a whole rack, and the meat just fell off the bone. I've been a little over ribs for a while now, but this brought me back for at least another try.If you want a great restaurant with great food done with Louisiana love, this is the place.
2	This place was just OK for me. The servers were really nice and my food was good, but my husbands looked like it was plopped out of a TV dinner package and put on the plate. Haven't you guys watched CHOPPED and all those other cooking shows? We were thinking with Emeril as your face, that you would have worked a little harder on the presentation. We were disappointed. Maybe we should be looking to something a bit higher class to get the experience we were looking for. They did make a good white sangria (free as a Yelp check in offer). Think that was the best part of the meal.
5	The service was exceptional. The recommended candied bacon was amazing. I had the daily special of two lobster tail with Creole butter sauce and was so happy with it. The lobster tails were cooked perfectly and the Creole butter sauce was what made the meal unique.
2	Salmon served medium rare was a bit dry.  For lunch, this dish is definitely not enough to keep on full.  I'm glad I tried it, but I think I need to aim more for the poboys or pulled pork sandwiches.  I tried to go the healthy route.The service was a little disappointing, sure we were waiting for another individual at the table, but I requested for the server to come and take our order.  The server made eye contact but made no movement towards the table.
4	Tried out Table 10 for the first time at lunch and it was so good!   We ordered the following:Shrimp Po'Boy - the bread was a bit tough but otherwise goodSalmon entree - really goodBeef Short Rib Sandwich - extremely good - soft, tender short ribShrimp and Gnocci - lunch special - extremely good - shrimp was so tasty as was the gnocciThe best for last:  Emeril's Banana Cream Pie - a slab has big as your fist!  Really smooth and lots of bananas in the cream.  I would actually just visit Table 10 just to eat this dessert!
4	Why the less than 4 star rating, Emeril?We had a great experience here. Met some friends for dinner, which for me and hubby meant a couple appetizers and drinks as we were still full from the buffet. And that's really too bad, because what we did get was delicious.Prices were quite reasonable for both drinks and food, service was prompt although it wasn't terribly busy for a Saturday night.We got the grissini - skinny breadsticks wrapped in prosciutto and dusted with truffle oil, a perfect snack (which is what it is on the menu) but don't expect anything more than an appetite teaser from this one under normal circumstances. We also tried the braised beef cheeks and wild mushrooms. The sauce, tender beef, and mushrooms were amazing. I highly recommend both of these dishes.Our friends got the filet and chicken for entrees. Both enjoyed their food. Give this place a try, at least for some small bites - I really enjoyed it.
4	My husband and I went here for our anniversary.  We had high expectations of this restaurant, and they met them!!!  We loved our meal, the food was fantastic.The only reason they got 4 stars, instead of 5 is because they did not treat us as an anniversary couple.  Normally, top restaurants, when they find out it is someones anniversary or birthday, they will send out  a nicely decorated dessert plate.  Not Table 10, they took our drink order and came out shortly after with a one biter, caprese on a toothpick... not exactley worthy of a 5 star rating.  The overall meal was perfectly executed, kitchen was beautifully sparkley and well kept.
3	I'm not much of a meat-eater and I ate here with a large group of friends for lunch, so this is more of a vegetarian/vegan review of the place. I was relegated to a caesar salad. The only other choice I remember seeing was a pasta dish. They did have several other entree salads, none of which interested me. The caesar was pretty plain and uninspired.The group had candied bacon which received mixed reviews and several had sandwiches, which also had mixed reviews. The biggest hit of the entire lunch must have been the drinks, though. There were two mojitos being thoroughly enjoyed and raved about. The bloody mary also got high marks as well. I probably won't return but only because of the lack of interesting vegetarian foods that don't include a salad.
5	Love the jalapeno drink and banana cream pie!
3	Went here for a couple of drinks and an appetizer. Wife and I sat at the bar. Everything was okay, but the place was DEAD -- staff outnumbered customers about 4 to 1, and that was just the staff I could see.
3	Dined here for lunch on 6/7 with family who were visiting from the Philippines. We had reservations for our party of 9. Ordered the baby back ribs and they fell right off the bone...awesome! This place is a little pricey but hey...it's in the Palazzo. The service was right on...I recommend this place if you have the money to spend.
4	Dined here on 6/8/13 for my bachelorette weekend. Even though it was a last minute reservation, it seemed like they had plenty of tables available. We arrived 15 minutes or so past our reservation but it was no problem. We were seated immediately to our table. The ambiance was light and calming. Their menu had a great selection and I had no problem selecting my entree. I ordered the Boneless Beef Short Ribs (sweet potato puree - cabbage au caramel - roasted garlic). The meat was so tender and cooked perfectly. I loved the sweet potato puree that the short ribs sat on top of. It was the perfect combination!We also started with the Sriracha Chicken Wings. It came with a cucumber buttermilk sauce, which was kind of refreshing when dipped on the chicken wings. I would definitely order this appetizer again. One of my friends ordered the Kurobuta Pork Rack (rotisserie roasted rack - Weiser Farm carrots - roasted garlic sauce - Anson Mills grits). When the waitress said it was HUGE, she was not lying. It can definitely feed 2. The pork was also tender and went perfectly with the accompanied sauce. I normally love to order Linguine + Clams (manila clams - NCF bacon - broccolini - chili flakes - garlic - white wine sauce) but I knew I wanted a meat dish. My sister ordered this but she couldn't even finish it. The white wine sauce was a great pairing and it was not overwhelming. I would definitely come back to try the other entrees, and I love that they have generous portions. Would love to try the desserts next time :)
4	I came to Table Ten with pretty high expectations.  It was my birthday dinner, and I had spent a lot of time researching for the place I wanted to go.  My boyfriend and I arrived about 20 minutes early for our reservation and I was glad to be seated despite our premature arrival.  We were seated near the back of the restaurant with a view of what I assume is the chef's table and the kitchen.  I was pretty stoked, since I consider that a pretty cool view.  I think our waitresses name was Elizabeth.  We got our menus and I was very excited about the Parmesan cheese crusted pan seared scallops on portabello mushrooms with risotto and micro basil and a port wine butter.  WHAT? yes.  Probably one of the most delicious things I've eaten ever.  Seriously.  The appetizer helped me decide that I should get the salmon for dinner, it had artichoke hearts, spinach, tomatoes, and wild mushrooms.  I asked Elizabeth if I should get the Riesling or Pinot grigio , and she suggested the latter because the fish was not spicy.  Boy, was she under exaggerating.  The cast iron pan seared salmon was completely unseasoned. And, to my utter dismay, our pepper grinder was not working.  It took until they reset the table next to us to get a functional one, and by that time I was nearly done with my bland and over-cooked salmon (I ordered it medium and it was very well done) anyway, and I was pretty over it.  However the wine did go very well and the two helped enhance each other.  It was a good recommendation.My boyfriend had the lemon herb chicken and got mashed potatoes because he didn't want sour cream.
5	Emeril Lagasse's Table 10 is located at the Palazzo Hotel and Casino in Vegas and in my opinion it is his best. Its name is fitting because it Deserves a 10 on almost every level.  It is pricey but I had a twenty percent off voucher which helped to keep the dollar amount reasonable. We started with drinks and this was really the only part of the meal that could have been improved on. Simone had a Lychee martini and I went with a mojito. They were good but probably not much better then I could find at any bar anywhere at half the price.  For the meal itself Simone and I decided that we would share everything. When I let the server know this he was more then happy to bring us extra plates with each food item. While we waited for our first food items we enjoyed some great fluffy, buttery flaky dinner rolls. Then the appetizers arrived. First was the Grissini Bread sticks wrapped with Pancetta and glazed with Truffle butter. These were as amazing as they sounded. They were handmade in the kitchen and were thin crispy, salty and rich and highly addictive. Next up were grilled salt and pepper Pea pods. Slightly charred and salty sweet, they were drizzled with Olive Oil and Lemon Juice. Upscale finger food at its best, the only small issue I had was that some of the peas were more tender then others but the taste was spot on. Our last appetizer was the Candied Bacon. Hand cut thick strips of smoked pork belly with a sugary caramelized amber crust. These melted instantly in your mouth and were taken up another notch when drizzled with the maple butter then came along with them. For our shared entree we choose the Beer Glazed Duck Breast with Creole seasoned house sausage, hush puppies and lightly steamed Green Beans.  The meal came out on two plates already cut into two equal portions for us. I thought this was a real nice gesture from the kitchen and it was much appreciated as many restaurants don't like people sharing plates but Table 10 actually seems to encourage it.  The duck was the most tender I have ever had and it was cooked perfectly medium as I requested. The glaze was slightly sweet but not overpowering and the sides were equally as good especially when dragged through the glaze. Because we split our meals, we had plenty of room for dessert and so we had two. One was an Almond cake and the Other a Chocolate Mousse cake. The Chocolate cake was dark chocolate so it was not to sweet but was topped with raspberry sauce that made up for it and balanced it out. I enjoyed it, but my favorite was the Almond Cake. It was super moist and rich but was topped with a very light and refreshing homemade Basil sorbet to cut through the deep flavor of the almond.   This was a terrific end to a top notch foodie experience. This will be one of my Vegas Favorites for many years to come.
2	Sat at the bar and had a few drafts and small plates.  Oysters on the half shell were clearly not fresh, shucked way in advance and dried out.  Emeril?  Really?  Ate at Bouchon the next night and they had an excellent selection of beautiful fresh oysters, so I can only conclude that Emeril doesn't care and is just coasting on his fame.  Gumbo was decent, though a small portion.  BBQ shrimp were ok as well.  Nice enough bar for a beer.
4	Great food and service, wish they had a selection of bread/dinner rolls though.
4	We were promptly seated at our reservation time, bread was brought (really, one dinky little roll?!! with no options for more?) and the waiter went through a couple of things.  The spinach salad was great, as were the bbq shrimp, but 4 average size shrimp for $20?  Probably the worst value on the strip, yeah they were awesome with a great bbq sauce but way overpriced for just 4.  The seabass was very good as was the lamb shank.  Coming with sides included made it a fair value. The blueberry cobbler for desert was great!  Will probably come back, maybe for lunch this time.
2	Nothing worse than spending too much money on food and regretting it before you leave your seat.$40 for lunch ,for an app and a lunch plate. I don't mind spending forty bucks, but never have I regretted it as much as there.  Overdressed salad and dry chicken. Was hungry an hour later. I've had better room service food at a 3 star hotel.Normally, I would not complain,as everything is expensive in Vegas. But it was lackluster enough to prompt me to return home and write this review 2 days later.Not good.
5	Have seen advertisements for Emerils restaurants in New Orleans before, but have never gone. I took the family here for lunch and I must say that I was not disappointed!  The shrimp Po Boy tasted just like home.  Although I prefer flour batter to cornmeal on shrimp when frying, the sweet pickles on the sandwich gave it a unique taste that was great.  I highly recommend this place. If you check in on yelp while you're in the restaurant, you might even get a free drink like we did.
3	I really hate giving three-stars to such a fancy place, but here's why:- in general, the food was very salty- timing of courses was shaky: I only ordered a main course and just about DIED of hunger before my entree came out... this was at least 20 minutes after they took away the course before that; in addition, it took forever to get a check- expensive for what you're getting- bottle of expensive wine contained sediments, which results from not turning the bottles in the cellar often enough, yuck... I expect more from a fancy $ placeRedeeming qualities:- server made sure to check that the dish I was ordering did not contain any allergens that I noted- 4 courses for $45- free sangria with Foursquare check-in
3	Good bacon and pork. Was disappointed by the gumbo.  A little on the heavy side.
4	Visits: Once, a couple of months ago.Apps to try: Candied North Country Farm Bacon is tasty, hot, and has a kick. Too much of a kick, actually. I'm a wimp with spicy foods so it was too much for me. The Lobster Mac-n-cheese was fantastic. It was really difficult to share. Lots of cheddar, lots of lobster, and lots of flavor! Also, the bread they bring out when you arrive is GREAT!Entrees to try: We only had apps/sides. Desserts to try: White Chocolate Malassadas. So.Good. I love malassadas normally, so these were an exciting treat. Service: Fantastic. The servers were quick to respond and very friendly.Establishment: Nice place...very cool. The ambiance was great and so were the furnishings, place settings, etc.Restroom: Nice! Clean!Parking: Not sure...we were in Vegas and not driving from location to location.Stay away from: If you aren't a fan of spicy food, stay clear of the bacon!Special notes: This is one of Emeril's restaurants!
4	My experience of Emeril Lagasse's restaurants is that they are generally of a high caliber.  Unlike other celebrity chefs, I do not get the impression that Lagasse is content to rest on his laurels, instead he gives the same quality attention to the menu and quality food that made him famous.  Table 10 does not disappoint.  We wanted to go to one nicer restaurant while we were in town and this was the consensus choice after perusing menus and prices.  It certainly is a little more on the pricey side, but it is not unreasonable given the quality of the food and service.  I will begin with that: the service was tremendous.  Our waiter was vigilant and took good care of us.  He even honored our check-in deal of a free glass of sangria even though it was slightly after the check in time.  Needless to say, he got a good sized tip.  My friend and I had the tasting menu which was incredibly reasonable for the price of $45 dollars.  For my first course I had the bacon.  It was perfectly cooked and not too crispy at all.  It was cured but not dripping with sugar as has happened at other places.  Given the sauce it had a bit of a bite which was quite pleasant.  For dinner I had the scallops and they were perfectly cooked with a rich and creamy flavor.  They literally melted in your mouth.  I would recommend it as a main course for anyone; even if you aren't a huge fan of scallops these are well worth it.  Finally, for dessert I had ice cream which was delicious but not necessarily anything to write home about.  If you're looking for a good meal on the Strip, this place is well worth it.
2	Make sure your food is hot...fries I got were cold. Went for the Lobster Rolls during Lobster week and my BDay weekend, not that good...need more lobster and less bread and mixture, also $10 bucks for 8 french fries is a little extreme even for Emeril....Me and My wife were not impressed.
5	I can't believe I waited so long to enjoy a meal here! I came here on Sunday after seeing the huge line at the Grand Lux on Sunday. Apparently they are trying a breakfast buffet which attracted a different vibe than I was going for as I was entertaining my future sister in law... The Vibe at table 10 was perfect! Quiet enough to have a conversation and still considered a casual lunch. Service: Absolutely fabulous. I made sure to let the manager know before I left.  My water glass was never half full and the server made sure I was informed on the Sunday menu special. Food: Hummus was great! The salad was slightly smaller than I expected, but I was still plenty full by the end of the meal. I recommend adding chicken if you are making a meal of it. Dessert: I had tea so it wasn't chocolate cake... but it was great! They have a nice selection of teas. They aren't exactly a vegetarian's paradise, but they have plenty of options.
5	This is one of Emeril's restaurants located at the Palazzo. The food was absolutely amazing! For $45 you can get a 4 course pre-fixe meal which is an incredible deal. Don't bother buying the discounted voucher from tix4tonight because it doesn't work on this special and you will end up paying the same price for one entree as the 4 course special. Since I did buy the voucher, my fiance and I shared the 4 course meal and I also got a salad and truffle mac n cheese. The pre-fixe meal is honestly more than enough for 2 people so I recommend sharing if you're with one other person. The candied bacon, barbecue shrimp and filet mignon were incredible. The spinach salad was also delicious, but I've had beet truffle mac n cheese. Of course, you must try the banana cream pie, it's AMAZING! Even my fiance loved it and he doesn't like bananas. The atmosphere was pretty quiet, great for date night :)
4	Well I was very impressed with Table 10.  The wife and I went to Vegas for a couple of days at the end of our vacation.  As I was rollin dice at Palazzo I saw a sign for a special 4 course tasting menu at Table 10 for $45.  I know a good deal when I see one so I made a reservation for later that evening.  I have to admit that a 4 course tasting menu can sometimes not be too filling but I was pleasantly surprised at how large all of the portions were.  I started out with the candied bacon.  Not that I would ever complain about bacon but its kind of like a maple bacon you might get at a lot of places.  The wife got a crab salad which was excellent and had a surprisingly large portion of crab.  For 2nd course, I got a Boston Salad which tasted....... just like a Boston Salad.  The wife went with a beef carpacio.  The carpacio was sliced soooooo thin yet packed such a large amount of flavor..... genius!  For main course I got the Kurobota Pork rack.  It was a huge piece of pork and after I was done I was completely full.  Cooked perfectly as pork can get very dry if overdone.  The wife got scallops which was tasty but maybe the only dish that wasn't a heaping plate of food.  After we were both completely stuffed the waiter asked us what we wanted for desert.  I managed to stuff down maybe half of the banana cream pie I ordered.  Excellent pie and full of banana chunks.  The wife ordered a trio of sorbet and unlike the vast majority of restaurants that give you 2 tiny teaspoons of sorbet Emeril gave us 3 large ice cream scoopers of sorbet!  Very impressed by this joint.  Would highly recommend.  But I think the 4 course tasting menu was a summer special so it might not be around much longer.
2	Being a Massachusetts native and having eaten at Emeril's other restaurants in Orlando, Vegas and New Orleans(Commanders Palace when he was there), I wanted to like this place, really I did.  Emeril despite his attempts at upscale dining makes food I usually really like.  His Cajun/Creole offerings are very good, not Paul Prudhomme good, but close.So we showed up at this place around 9:30pm on a Fri night, place is half empty.  Oh oh, bad sign.  I read the Yelp reviews and understood what I was in for, or at least I thought so.  Another dumb hostess, seriously do they breed these airheads on a sub off the coast?  She says there is a 20 min wait, umm check again we have a reservation and I can see 6 empty tables?!?  So we sit down to wait, 5 mins go by and now she is ready to seat us, at one of the 6 empty tables...nooo.  She marches us into the area in front of the kitchen door, no lie and points to the table.  I don't think so!  I tell bubble brain I don't want to sit in front of the kitchen door and point to the 6 empty tables, requesting one of them.  "We aren't using them tonight, we don't have a waiter for that section"...wtf?So great, now we are in the traffic pattern. Its too late to go anywhere else on a Fri night except this dump and eat before 11.  Should have gone to Beijing Noodle #9, better food, hotter hostess, no damn kitchen to sit in front of.Waiter shows up, along with bread, water boy etc and we order.  Wedge salad for me, carppacio for my dining companion.  Both were good, salad slightly over dressed.  I ordered linguine with clams and counterpart ordered diver scallops.  Here's where it falls apart.  Linguine is over cooked, can't anyone in this town cook pasta?  It is a solid ball of gunk, put my fork in it and pick it all up.  I signal the waiter who comes over and I demo.  He looks at me and says I kid you not, "Is there a problem"?  Seriously, he had no idea.  I tell the wunderkind that it is over cooked and he says "Oh".  I would have laughed if I wasn't so incredulous.  So he goes and gets the manager, who at least understands its overcooked.  So back it goes, I eat bread and wait and wait and seriously it takes 7 mins to cook pasta, less if its fresh are they farming new clams?About 15 mins later I get another dish of linguine and clams, but get this, they used the same clams.  Including the one that didnt open the first time they cooked it!  The diver scallops were ok, nothing great.  Dessert was a weird flourless chocolate cake that I have had before elsewhere, but this one was tasteless.  Not a hint of chocolate, kept thinking nah its got to be me, but dining companion agreed.  How do you make a chocolate cake that is tasteless??
5	Where else on the Strip are you going to find a four course dinner fresh made for you dinner that might include COLORADO FILET MIGNON for only $45.00?Table Ten is running a special summer menu where you can pick from many items of the regular menu and create your own four course menu for $45.00.I didn't want to eat the rolls but they were piping hot and fresh with steam coming out so I couldn't resist.I started with a salad made with fresh marinated artichokes arugula and fresh mozzarella. The balsamic dressing stood out to me and seemed very high end.Whisper thin maybe 50/50 pasta (semolina and flour combo) with bite to it carefully made raviolis were stuffed with tasty mushrooms in a thin but creamy butter laced sauce.I wasn't expecting a full sized Filet but received a delicious one with a tasty seasoned crust cooked a perfect medium rare. The supporting spinach was fresh and seasoned just right with garlic, salt and pepper. The red wine sauce wasn't necessary since the steak was very good on its own but completed the plate.I never had a Banana Cream pie before and always thought I wouldn't like it because I imagined Jello Banana pudding but when you get an Emeril's Banana Cream pie you get banana's on steroids. It's mostly ripe fresh bananas adorned with the best accompaniments.  Just right amounts of caramel, fresh REAL whipped cream and chocolate shavings.Everything including service exceeded my expectations.BAM you did it again!
4	This review is for drinks only! My stepmom wanted to come here yesterday afternoon because she loves their sangria, so we all decided to drive over to get some drinks.We arrived 10 minutes before happy hour, but the awesome bartender gave us happy hour prices anyway. We ended up ordering ten drinks over about two hours (there were five of us) and the bill was only $70. I tried the white sangria, red sangria, and the mojito. WOW. The white sangria was very refreshing, very peachy. Loved it. The red was quite tasty but a little strong on the red wine taste for me.The mojito? AMAZING!!! Best mojito I have ever had! They infuse their rum with pineapple and basil, then muddle the mint with simple syrup, seriously fantastic. I had two of those. I could have had more, but I was pretty buzzed ;)Four stars only because this is a restaurant and I did not try the food. But when in Vegas again, I will definitely make dinner reservations here. If the food sucks, at least I will have the mojitos to fall back on!Oh yeah, really pretty, super clean bathrooms!
1	Terrible Service!! Takes approx 2 hours to eat a meal thereService is so sloooooooow!
3	Heard this place was Emeril's restaurant and instantly had high expectations, but I'll admit this is not the best way to approach Table 10. Located inside the Palazzo, my party and I arrived at a pretty empty restaurant. Bad sign? Anyways, our server (don't remember his name) was super awesome from beginning to end so 5 stars to him! As for the food, I was expecting more! It was good, but it didn't wow me! I did love the... - Gumbo - BBQ shrimp (best entree that night) - Biscuits I didn't love... - Seafood linguine - Scallops - Malasadas I think my okay experience was due to my food choices. Hoping to give Emeril a 2nd chance!
4	One observation that can be made about Emeril restaurants is how solid they are. I have yet to experience an unsatisfactory meal at one of his places. It is not over the top or grandiose, but always enjoyable.We came here for Fall Restaurant Week 2013. I was not expecting to be as full as I was, but left stuffed. I started my meal with the BBQ shrimp. Three beautiful pieces in a Creole spice based sauce. Each one cooked to a perfect consistency. The rosemary biscuit was flaky, but on the salty side. With the seasoning and the shrimp, it got to be too much. Next came the scallops. They had the perfect sear on them. I loved the pairing with grapes, almonds and a parsnip puree that enhanced the natural sweetness of the shellfish. To finish off, we got to choose any one of their desserts. I got to taste the tiramisu, his famous banana cream pie, and the almond cake. The latter was definitely the winner of the night. It was light, spongy and soaked up all the flavors well. I could have eaten this for all three courses.
5	OMG the China Ranch Dates during happy hour are the best thing I've ever had!!!I have been in Vegas all week and "started" each day with these!Yum!
1	I was really disappointed.  I read the reviews and was really excited to go here.  I got the special, which was the quail and butternut squash gnocchi.  My husband got the lamb shank with mushroom risotto. My quail was super dry and the gnocchi was nothing to write home about. My husbands whole dish was very bland.The service was great, which is why I gave them 1 star.Sorry Emeril, I really wanted to enjoy this!
5	We had a fantastic dinner.  The gumbo appetizer was delicious.  The flounder and bone in fillet was exceptional.  The service was superb.
4	Pregnant hostess and Bartender were not the friendliest. Maybe that is why they are pretty dead for lunch.That said, the Mojitos were great. The fried smelts and srachacha wings were top notch as was the arugula and lady apple salads. The sandwiches and entrees looked great and seemed priced reasonably for lunch.  If service had been friendlier, i may have been back.
3	This place was dead when we arrived.  Nothing changed in the 2 hours or so that we were there.  We had the tasting menu and it was good but not great.  The service was good but slow beyond words.  We asked to pack our dessert and take it back to the room because we were getting tired of sitting there for so long.  With so many culinary options in Vegas, Table 10 needs to step up it's game!
4	When you come up the escalator and approach the host stand, I don't know what it is, but the incredible smell that comes out of table 10 is insane. Excellent service, prompt, thorough, courteous without being cheesy at all. Very professional. I had the scallops. Perfect. 4 plump scallops paired with Spanish almonds, grapes, and capers. A very small plate for ~$40, but the best scallops I have ever had. Makes you enjoy every bite. Hush puppies are a guilty pleasure. 2 of 3 were chewy. 1 of 3 over salted. Disappointing. Tiramisu was excellent. Fresh, balanced with salty pistachio brittle. Open kitchen concept which is always entertaining. Very Vegas. Overall, excellent service, mostly tasty food.
4	Solid food, solid service and solid wine list. Do yourself a favor and order the king crab legs and rib-eye steak. 11 out of 12 of us ordered it and we were all glad we did.  They accommodated our group of 12 on their semi-private indoor patio at a giant round table, and believe me when I tell you, a large round table is hard to find in Vegas. This is yet another great restaurant in Vegas that must be experienced. Cheers
3	Came here for lunch with my husband. At the time there was a check in for a free sangria so I chose their white one. It was slightly watered down but overall sweet and refreshing. I got the bbq shrimp for my appetizer and it was really good. Very flavorful, a good portion, and I loved the rosemary biscuit. For my entree I had the mac and cheese and that was unfortunately a bit disappointing. In my opinion it didn't have enough of a good crust at the top and I wish it had been stronger in the truffle flavor. My husband got the pork po boy and it was only okay. Overall good, but we expected a bit more being an Emeril restaurant.
3	If the ambience were better this would be a 3.5 star review.  You're essentially sitting in a mall, whether you're sitting in the "outdoor" indoor space, or "inside the gates".The service was attentive and friendly.The boston lettuce salad with chive buttermilk dressing was good -- although, ironically (for all the bitching Emeril does on Top Chef about lack of seasoning) there was virtually no seasoning in the dressing or on the salad.  After adding salt and pepper, it was a lovely salad with heirloom radishes and bacon ... although there could have been more of both.My husband very much enjoyed his margarita pizza.  Great crust and flavorful and fresh tomato sauce with quality cheese.The chicken and andouille sausage gumbo was the best I've had (I have not been to NOLA).  The rice was perfectly cooked and a perfect amount of it.  The "gravy" was dark brown, spicy, and had a perfect medium body texture to it.  Yum ... I'd eat that every day!I'd say to skip the banana cream pie -- too many thick sliced bananas, cream was too thick, and whipped cream on top was flavorless.  Can't hold a candle to Tom Douglas's coconut cream pie ... now, THAT is a cream pie!
2	Two second Review: Grabbed a quick bite here for lunch (only because there was no line). I had a half of salad and half of pizza - I was not impressed by either of them. I heard this restaurant is very good, so I am going to chalk it up to the items I ordered.
4	A business colleague and I decided to try Emerils Table 10 in the Palazzo Hotel. We where promptly seated at the time of our reservation and our waitress was fairly familiar with the menu but was not very engaging or in my opinion friendly. We selected several appetizers that included EMERIL'S SIGNATURE New Orleans style BBQ SHRIMPAnd CANDIED NORTH COUNTRY FARM BACON with Noble Tonic #1 both where awesome and I highly recommend for the main entree I had SEARED SEA SCALLOPS with grapes - marcona almonds - capers - parsnip puree - chervil it was delicious we split a side of Lobster Mac and Cheese which was to die for. All in all it was a pleasurable dinning experience and would recommend
5	Finally had a chance to try some food here!My boyfriend and I met up with some of my family and their friends for appetizers. They were having dinner, but we didn't have time for a full meal.He ordered the Margherita Pizza appetizer and I had the Mushroom Ravioli appetizer. Both of these portions were big enough that it was like a full meal. His pizza was great, fresh flavors, nice crust. My ravioli was awesome! Very creamy, richly flavored, lots of leeks and mushrooms. Loved it.I was able to try a bite of the Truffled Lobster Macaroni and the Bolognese Pasta - both were phenomenal. Of course, I had to have a couple Mojitos, and they were just as good as last time! I talked to everybody who had a complete dinner here the next day and they all loved it. We will definitely dine here again in the future.
4	Came for happy hour after wondering around for a while. Very nice restaurant! Love when you can see into the kitchen and the wine rack is HUGE!We started off with red and white sangria. Both were VERY tasty! I couldn't resist and ordered 2!For food we ordered lobster mac & cheese, bbq shrimp, popcorn shrimp, a andouille link platter, and Emeril's gumbo! The dish that stood out the most was most definitely the lobster mac! My, my, my!!!! We were supposed to be sharing it but I couldn't resist hogging it like my own lol! Full of lobster chunks and delicious cheesy penne noodles! Crazy thing is I didn't even order it lol! I ordered the least favorable dish, the gumbo! I was kinda surprised it wasn't better but it wasn't bad either. I expected a bit more flavor and maybe a little kick in the spice department.The popcorn shrimp were actually a good size. Crispy, fried shrimp, served with a delicious mustard! There was more than enough to share amongst 3 people but I ended up scarfing that down as well lol! The bbq shrimp were tasty but not knock your socks off amazing. They were 3 large battered shrimp in a semi sweet bbq sauce.The andouille platter surprised me! Im not a huge fan of sausage on its own but this was delicious! It was accompanied by a creole mustard, bread, and SUPER tangy/sweet pickles. Definitely worth $9 to try!The appetizer portions are worth the money, drinks are delicious, and service was great! I can't wait to return to Vegas!
4	Almost two years later and still just as good. I couldn't resist trying the lamb shank again and I was just as impressed as I was the first time.We switched up the apps this go-round and I'm happy to say the hush puppies and bone marrow were absolutely delicious!  Table 10 is a solid establishment - easy location and stellar food. Winner.
4	I finally have some time to write my review for Table 10. Over the summer I was able to attend a bachelorette in Vegas and the beautiful bride to be, some pretty ladies and myself had reservations here for dinner before going out to get into some trouble, I mean, have some fun. I decided to share my plate with one of the maids of honors. We ordered the:-Sake Braised Beef Short Ribs $35The meat was tender and cooked to perfection. The short ribs were soooo tender that they were fall off the fork soft. The glaze over the short ribs was delicious and very savory. The plate comes with sweet potato puree which surprisingly wasn't too sweet for my taste and it had a few roasted garlics on the side which we all truly loved and didn't regret eating when we got to the club haha. The plate was big enough for myself and another girl to share without feeling too full or still hungry after the meal. I swear, the roasted garlic here is truly delicious and one of the best I've had. -Truffle mac and cheese $11The truffle was good, I wish it was a bit more truffle-y though. The mac and cheese was still good though. Creamy, cheesy and a perfect side dish to add to the short ribs. You must try it.Our waiter was really nice and even brought the bride to be a dessert to congratulate her on her future marriage. He made us laugh a few times when we were joking about the check and was really sweet when making sure we all were satisfied with our meals. Needless to say, it was a great experience and a great way to start a celebration that weekend.
3	Mood: Quiet, dark, cozy. But you are kinda looking out to mall-like atmosphere.Service: Very good.Food: Good to very good.  With so many wonderful dining choices, this didn't grab me and make me want to come back.Prices: We had the price fix, nice choices, portions small and meant for one person I am sure.Poor choice of beers, wine choice comparable to most in Vegas top dining.2 people--1beer -2 wines --one 'extra salad and desert =$120 with tip.I don't  know about everyone else, but I am really tired of every 'dinner for 2' racking up a tag over $100.  I am always searching for good, reasonable priced places that want local customers to be happy and come back.
3	Had Christmas dinner here and it was pretty good.  First the bad.  I hated the fact we sat by the kitchen so I smelled like food afterwards.  The womans bathrooms were disgusting.  No toilet paper and feminine products on the toilet, i had to complain to our server, thats just disgusting!!!  Server was aloof not on top of things unlike the runner.  The rolls were like store bought.  The 4 course for $45 is great.  Plenty of choices.  BBQ shrimp is a must, the sauce is divine.  Crab legs were meaty.  Lobster mac and cheese is worth the price with big pieces of lobster, rich.  Malsadas werent great but tiramisu was amazing.  6 people with 5 drinks was over $400.  The food was good but not really fine dining with dirty bathrooms and slow service.  We saw what seemed to be the manager but not personable at all.  Didn't check up on us as I would think for a special Christmas dinner.  It's in the Palazzo shopping center.
4	We went here during our last Vegas trip. I'm from the South so the idea of a Cajun theme appealed to me. I ordered the sea scallops and a side of sauteed lobster, both of which were excellent. I did not order a side and regretted that since I feasted on seafood alone. The presentation of the scallops was excellent. My fiance got the chicken. It did not look appetizing at all. It looked like an underfed chicken sprawled across veggies. He did not enjoy it as much as I enjoyed mine. I guess that may be what you get for ordering "chicken" but I think chicken at chain restaurants is more appetizing so I would expect more from this establishment. For dessert, I had the milk chocolate mousse cake. It was rich and divine!This restaurant is very good, but if you are new to Vegas, I might recommend another option for more bang for your buck.
4	After the experience of eating at Lagasse Stadium, I was a little worried about eating at another Emeril establishment.We came for lunch. I pre ordered the rib steak the day before since they do not regularly serve it for lunch. And it was with it. Cooked perfectly, and great flavor. The truffle mac and cheese was fantastic as well.I would come back.Only a 4 star rating since it does seem like eating in a mall.
2	Service was horrible, the waiter didn't seem like he was interested in even being there. When we asked for suggestions he was not very helpful and right as we were going to ask something else, he had already left. Didn't come back for 10 minutes....The food was OK. The BBQ shrimp left a lot to be desired. The Mac and cheese, truffle was ok, a bit watery for my taste. I expected a lot more from an Emeril establishment.In a word, disappointing....
4	Last year, we came to Table 10. We were so happy and satisfied that we came back this year. We both got the winter prix fixe menu. $45 for 4 courses. The first 3 courses are slightly smaller than the regular plates, but the dessert is in regular size. There were definitely more than enough food. We were so stuffed. For the 1st course, I had lady apple salad. It was ok. Just tons of apples, some arugula and a slice of cheese. My husband got the CHICKEN & ANDOUILLE SAUSAGE GUMBO. Intense flavors. It was pretty good. For 2nd course, I got MUSHROOM RAVIOLI. Earthy, umami and creamy. That sauce was so delicious. My husband had EMERIL'S NEW ORLEANS BBQ SHRIMP. It was the BEST dish of the night. Perfectly cooked shrimps. So flavorful! We soaked up all the BBQ sauce with the biscuit and bread rolls. Highly recommended! I ordered the ANGUS SHORT RIB for main course. Unlike most braised short rib. This one was very juicy. I love that charred cauliflower puree too. Amazing. Husband got the bolognese pasta. It was fine. Light. The pasta was al dente which I like. But it is still a bolognese pasta after all. Dessert! Berry Cobbler & EMERIL'S BANANA CREAM PIE. The cobbler was light and tasty. We like it. But nothing can stand close to the banana cream pie! Flaky crust, tons of banana, sweet caramel sauce and chocolate shaving. Great combination. Delicious! No doubt we will back when we are in town. Emeril, you didn't disappoint! I love your food!
2	Where do I start? Much like everything in Vegas this place is artificial. By artificial i mean the wait time. You walk up to an empty host stand with 5 open tables in plain view and they tell you there is a 25 min wait?Once you "check back in" in 5 mins(they give no buzzer) a table miraculously is open.  Either they don't have enough wait staff at lunch or they are trying to act like they are a "hot spot." I watched them pull the same move on the couple behind usThe gumbo was flavorless.Peace
4	Table 10 is always a must go when in Vegas. If I can't get dinner (LOVE the truffle mac and cheese! Cheesy heaven! Also perfect scallops.) I will always stop by for happy hour. I love that Table 10 has a fab wine list and great pricing for happy hour. It a perk that the bartenders and servers are knowledgeable about their wine. Beer and spirits are also quite reasonable at happy hour. I personally love the location of Table 10- away from the casino floor. Nothing better than a fine wine, great meal and "Ding, Ding, Ding!!! Winner!!!" Huge bonus in my book that Table 10 is located away from that headache.It's worth checking out- if not for a great meal, a great drink.
5	We go to Vegas often and explore restaurants, Table 10 is now a new standard destination! The food is Amazing!! The tasting menu was the best and to top it off it was very affordable. I cannot say enough about this place. We have dined at all of Emeril's and they are all great, and  this one did not let us down. It is causal, and excellent! * DON'T miss happy hour and the goodies on that menu either!!!Thank you to the staff and see you again in a few months!
3	I liked the food ok. There are so many places in Vegas that are mindblowing, so maybe my standards were too high at this point, but I found Table 10 to be a little overrated. None of the food really jumped out at me flavor wise and the servers all seemed to have such low energy. Actually the best thing I had there was a cocktail. They have a great whiskey cocktail menu. That was one of the best drinks I've ever had. They seemed grumpy and lethargic. I would give this place another chance, but only if people I know wanted to go. There are so many other places to try in Vegas after all.
2	Very disappointed, the food was not at all what I expected, tasteless and small portions. Service was just ok.. not the best. I do not recommend eating here especially when there are so many great choices in Vegas.
5	In my opinion, this is a better lunch place than dinner. That being said, the Mac n cheese and gumbo are amazing. Most every dish I've had here is tasty, an the free bread is quite fantastic!
4	I enjoyed my meal at table 10. Found this restaurant by accident during a shopping trip.  Had the gumbo for appetizer and the grilled chicken BLT sandwich. Both were good. I must say the Gumbo wasn't that flavorful though. It was good not great. I wish the gumbo had more Cajun seasoning.Service was GREAT. The waitress was so professional and hospitable. She knew the menu well. I was impressed.
5	on Feb 12, 2014 I was going to Sushi Samba....but it was very noisy so I saw Table 10 next door and decided to forgo Sushi for Emeril's place. I will be short with my review: Food was 10/10, Service was 10/10, Value was 10/10. Note, I ended up doing the 4 course for 45 and I thought everything was delicious, Fresh, and the atmosphere was perfect.....not too loud, not boring just a nice place and I will go back.
2	Very low key location in the Palazzo Hotel near sushi samba. Owned by Emeril I expected something great but very so-so. Gumbo with chicken and sausage was fatty and pretty bland. Shrimp with bbq glaze very salty. Service very polite but somewhat overpowering. Short ribs with kale. Kale again over salted but short ribs were really good. It all ended abruptly with a waitress handing over the check before we had a chance to finish the berry cobbler (which was so-so). Overall not recommended.
4	Recently tried Table 10. Pretty good! I have been to several of Emeril's Restaurants and this one is worthy of bearing his name. I've even been lucky enough to have him fix me something special when he was at Commander's Palace. That was a treat. Back to Table 10.Walking in, I felt like I was back in N'awlins. The decor is clean, classy and welcoming.Service is spectacular! Attentive, polite, knowledgable, friendly. It doesn't get much better.On to the food.Roasted Beef Marrow Bones were decadent, luxurious, mouth watering. Perfection.Chicken & Andouille Sausage Gumbo was awesome! An authentic Big Easy soup.Emeril's NOLA BBQ Shrimp were okay. A bit over cooked. Croque Madame was fantastic. Flavorful ham, eggs cooked perfectly. No brown edges, yolks thick and rich. So good... My mouth is watering.Pork PoBoy was really tender, juicy, flavorful.Truffle Mac N Cheese was really good. A bit watery, but that didn't stop me!My biggest thrill was the fact they serve Abita Beer and had Crystal Hot Sauce!!!!Only thing missing was Bread Pudding. Com'on Emeril, It's a New Orleans based restaurant. Where  da bread puddin at?If they would have had it, five stars.
5	I adore Table 10.  We're local, and love to try new places on the strip.  We keep coming back because both the service and food are consistently great.  We've tried a lot of things...wings, gumbo, marrow, BBQ shrimp, filet, pork....and it's all excellent.  And the pie...oh the pie.  This is a hidden gem that I consistently recommend.
3	I was excited to try Table 10 after reading their menu on the Las Vegas Restaurant Week website (http://www.helpoutdineoutlv.org). Unfortunately, when we got there, it was the old "bait and switch."The waiter informed us that the menu we read was posted incorrectly. So instead of discussing what I THOUGHT I was going to have (grilled octopus salad, a lobster roll, and Emeril's banana cream pie), I will write about what I actually ate.My husband ordered off the "new" Restaurant Week menu, which for him was a bibb lettuce salad, a hamburger, and (thankfully) the banana cream pie (for $30.14). I was not impressed with the other Restaurant Week selections, so I ordered off the regular menu. The daily specials included parsnip soup ($9) and a pork loin sandwich on ciabatta bread ($16), so I took a chance. Although the soup was great, I'm not sure it was $9 great, and the bread for my sandwich was dry and unappealing. We both got fries with our entrees, and they were nothing to write home about either. Luckily, the pie was exactly what we wanted -- and it was the whole reason we came to Table 10 in the first place. (We've had Emeril's banana cream pie before at Delmonico, and it is worth the trip any place it is served!)Our waiter was friendly and our $45 bottle of Benton Lane Pinot Gris was great, but I'm still craving the meal I thought I was going to have. My advice: If you're going to visit a place for Restaurant Week based on their online menu, be sure to call ahead to make sure that's what they will actually be serving. (I am a HUGE supporter of this event, but I've been burned like this a few times before. Never again.)And one last note: The Palazzo self-parking lot is CRAZY! Although there were plenty of spaces to park in, there are also plenty of exit signs that lead you in a round robin around your level. GET ME OUT ALREADY!
5	We love this place! A couple of tops: sit at the chef's bar.  It's so much fun.  You get to see everything going on in the kitchen.  Second, the truffle mac and cheese is delicious.  White cheese sauce, the pasta is al dente, and the crumb topping is perfection.  You can make a meal of this.  One last tip, try the malassades.  Little cinnamon sugar donuts with an amazing custard filling.  Yep, the calories are worth it!
4	Shortly after I posted my initial Yelp review, I received an email from the restaurant noting my concerns. They promptly changed their menu on the Restaurant Week website, and I applaud their great customer service!Although I initially gave them 3 stars, they've moved up a step in my book. Thank you, Table 10, for respecting your diners!
3	Another Emeril restaurant, about what you would expect. Rolls were slightly scorched and fairly tasteless. For appetizers, I had tartare, which was excellent, served traditionally with quail egg, and normal garnish. My wife had blue point oysters, which would have been good, but whoever shucked them drained all their natural juice off, losing most of their flavor. For main course, I had duck which was good but ordinary, moist but not a lot of flavor. My wife had linguini with Manila clams and broccolini with chili flakes and white wine, which was very nice. Prices for what we received were a  bit steep, but given the area not unexpected.
2	Was so excited to go here for restaurant week for lunch. I had to start with a Ginger Peach Martini delicious cocktail and cheese plate.The menu on line was different than the one in the restaurant. I had there Chicken and Andouille gumbo bland not how its done down south. Then I had the Roger Farm Chicken breast with caramelized Lemon honey, thyme sauce,Sweet Peas, Pee wee potatoes.  Reading it sounds flavorful not so much the chicken cooked prefect no flavor bland no salt could not find honey thyme sauce. Potatoes not all cooked. Peas where great nice and sweet even though they come frozen they tasted like fresh. For dessert had to try four : Banana Cream Pie, Tiramisu, Carrot Cake, White Chocolate Malassadas with raspberry sauce. The Banana Cream Pie was suppose to have cream was full of banana's little cream not balanced. Tiramisu the lady fingers where not soaked long enough the lady fingers where hard. The mascarpone tasted the same as the cream cheese on the carrot cake.  I will try this again in the future.   .
2	Everything started out pretty awesome. The beef cheeks were amazing -- I had to refrain from licking the bowl. Unfortunately, the pork po boy was very pedestrian, which was a huge disappointment from an Emeril restaurant. The sandwich really lacked flavor altogether. And fries that came with it were just fries...perhaps my expectations were a bit high, but for a $30+ for an app & a sandwich (no booze), the bang for the buck was low.  Although, the beef cheeks alone were 5 stars, but the po boy & price really zapped the overall rating. Service was great.
5	My wife and I went here for our anniversary dinner and had a great time. The lobster mac and cheese was excellent as many of the reviews claimed. Likewise, the bbq shrimp were very delicious as well. They only come with three though, so don't expect to be sharing these. The bbq sauce was almost like a mole sauce. A little dark and caramel colored. Maybe a hint of peanut butter. Not sure, I'm just guessing. It was good though. Nothing bad to say about the fillet. It was perfectly cooked to my liking. Pretty much rare. I had the chicken corn chowder and thought it was pretty good. And for dessert, I had the banana cream pie. That was excellent. Loads of bananas. One recommendation I would say is I wish they had given us a plastic fork in our to-go box. Sadly at 3AM when you want to eat the leftover lobster mac-n-cheese, hotel rooms don't really have forks available. I almost called room service, but I didn't want to be "that guy" who called room service for a fork at 3AM.
2	I stay at the Palazzo where Table 10 is located so it was very convenient to visit.  But "Meh. I've experienced better" is exactly how I felt about this place.  The salad was "meh", the entree was "meh" and my dessert, some sort of carrot cake was not good...not even "meh"  I really wanted to like this place but I should have just went to one of the other eating establishments on the property.  I really wanted to like it because is an Emeril place but I just didn't.  My mother didn't eat most of her food. Our male waiter did offer to replace her items with other choices and she refused.   Oh, I did have some sort of mushroom gnocchi that I did enjoy.  But overall everything was "meh".  Also, we 2 servers.  One was a guy, a cutie, can't remember his name but he was awesome! Very polite, on top of everything and always had a smile.  I hate that I can't remember the name.  The second server, a female was..you guessed it "MEH"
5	After being in New Orleans recently Emeril's restaurants have impressed me.  So a friend and I tried out Table 10 in the Palazzo.  I must say we were not disappointed.  Fantastic ambiance, very friendly service, and the food was fantastic!!I had the halibut simply prepared.  It was extremely fresh and I was quite impressed.  My friend had the beef short rib and could not stop raving.  I also have to mention that my friend is the farthest thing from a foodie.  He could care less about what hes having and rarely comments on the quality.  One of the highlights was the bread served prior to the meal.  Apparently it is bread from the Parker Brothers Bakery in Boston?  I have never heard of them but again for such a simple ingredient it added a great element to the meal and experience.Our server(s) were extremely polite and helpful.  This may be my new favorite spot in Vegas taking over for B&B which has held that rank for me for the past 5 or so years.  For me that is a big step.I highly recommend you try Table 10
5	The food and service is amazing! Table 10 has become one of our favorite restaurants!
5	Amazing! The spring tasting was just phenomenal! So much so we canx our Gordon Ramsey Steak reservation to go back here again this week! Great service, better food, wonderful experience!!!
5	Amazing staff and service, the food is pretty good, and the drinks are to die for. I would recommend getting the mojito!! That's my favorite drink! I also love to eat the candied bacon, it has a spice kick to it. The grisini is also good. The beef cheeks are soooooo good!!!! It just falls apart and melt in your mouth. BBQ shrimp is huge and it's really good. All in all, I love this place. Always come back to have a drink and eat small plates!
5	I ate here for lunch and I was first person to arrive.  I had the Boston  salad which said it came with Boston lettuce, bacon, chive buttermilk ranch dressing and heirloom radishes. I got excited because I love radishes and had never heard of "heirloom" radishes alas it was misprint on menu because salad came with tomato instead of radishes! Lol salad was good and way too big. For my entree had the gnocchi which was excellent. The mushrooms were the best I ever had. I asked waiter what kind they were because on menu it just said spring.   Waiter looked at my plate and said "well looks like maybe a portobello. The chef just throws in whatever is fresh." So I guess I will never know what the best mushrooms I have ever had truly are! Lol
4	Delicious dates wrapped with bacon! I love their dessert wines selections! I did not like the BBQ shrimp. I have been to New Orleans and trust me, this is not like it. I sent it back and got a different and much better shrimp dish. I'm surprised no bread pudding or beignet.
4	I'm surprised by some of these negative reviews.  My friends and I had a tremendous meal here with great service.  We did not have any entrees, though, and opted for splitting about a dozen apps and side dishes.  The oysters with the cucumber sauce was a real standout as was the sweet pea tortellini.  The bbq shrimp were delicious, the bisque was light and flavorful.  The ricotta gnocchi was a little heavy on the mushrooms, but the hush puppies and mac and cheese were decadent!
4	Being my first time at one of Emeril's restaurants, I was quite excited. Menu size is not too overwhelming, but I still had a difficult time figuring out what I wanted because a lot of the menu items sounded so appetizing. I finally settled for the truffle Mac and cheese. It's more of a side dish, but it was really good. You can really taste the truffle. It's definitely their very own Mac and cheese because I've never had it made that way before anywhere else. However, this restaurant deserves four stars for their service. They weren't busy at all, but our waiter was really nice. What he did which will forever be in my memory is that he asked if we wanted to split the check before we even asked him. No one, in my entire life, has ever done that. Kudos to him!! ^_^
2	Table 10 did not meet my requirements for bomb Louisiana/Mississippi Delta food We went because its a Creole and Cajun place and I like that kind of food.  I stuck with the basic at a place like this: shrimp po boy.  A shrimp po boy is the cornerstone oof any legitimate Cajun spot.  Its not the the po boy was horrible just wasnt great. Too basic nothing stood out.  Not enpugh flavor for me.We ordered the truffle mac since its a favorite of many people who come here.  Unfortunately, I had to compare this one to Boteros and there was no comparison.On a positive note, Table 10 is not a 1 star, I just did not like the food and the service is a little slow.  I did like the decor, the wine cellar, the bar, so maybe I would have had a better experience If I was here for a drink, but I was here for lunch and it was a duece.
3	I really would rate this 3.5 stars.  The food was good, not great.  I honestly expected more.  My hamburger and fries were greasy.  I will say the service was very good on my visit however.
3	Being Emeril's restaurant my husband and I expected it to be pricey but $38 for 4 pieces of scallops!! He ordered the Seared Scallops and took his time eating it, in tiny little bites because otherwise he would have been done eating in 3 minutes and watch me while I eat the rest of mine. I ordered the Creole Roasted duck, I expected it to have a Louisiana twist since it's a 'creole', but it wasn't. Nevertheless the flavor was good. There were three good size pieces of duck, a sausage, green beans, a fried ball of something, maybe a cornbread? So mine was filling, and not bad at all. The Blood Orange margarita was pretty good but I added a little water because it's a little too sour and  I'm such a lightweight. Overall, we had a nice experience.
4	Bacon wrapped dates. Period. Get them!I lived in NOLA for almost three years and this place is better than any creole restaurant there. You'll pay for it but you get what you pay for.
3	I have had better.  The food was average.  For the price I expected more.
5	Had lunch with my husband yesterday, Great Time! Sat at the bar with Daniel and enjoyed a selection of cocktails, Mango MaiTai is The Bomb! Shrimp was Amazing! Had to get a second order! As well as extra bread for the sauce!  China Ranch Dates were a perfect combo of sweet salt and tang with the blue cheese! The Arugula salad was perfect! Thanks Table 10 for a great lunch!
2	Went out for an early dinner and was quite disappointed. Started out great with the BBQ shrimps, they were delicious, but the main course , steak frites, did not represent what you would expect from an Emeril restaurant. The steak had far too much fat, almost half the steak, and there were no frites but just some fried potatoes. Maybe this is Emerils interpretation of frites, but I was really disappointed. And for the cappuccino or latte the milk was frothed for about a minute and all that was left from the milk is a burned hot white liquid. Quite pricey and unfortunately not what I expected.
3	I have been to a few of Emeril's restaurants and I found this one unremarkable.  I kept hearing its "Cajun themed" and having been and lived in New Orleans, I never saw it.  I had filet and lobster.  I did order the gumbo, but outside of that, I have this place unremarkable.  I think there are better steak houses out there and better options with the Palazzo to eat, but for you - it might be worth a try.
5	Great restaurant.  We tried this for the first time tonight, we did the 4 courses for $45.  The first course was the gumbo.  It was great.  Has more of a black pepper spiciness to it, sausage and chicken were really good.  Second course we had the BBQ Shrimp and one person had the Bacon.  The shrimp were really good, if you have had BBQ shrimp elsewhere, some have more of a garlic/lemon/butter sauce, these do not.  The bacon was awesome.  Thick bacon, syrup to add if you want it a little sweeter, spicy after-burn. The entree was the filet mignon, I had the chicken.  Both were excellent.  Tender steaks.  For desert we had the berry cobbler which I liked  but a few at the table didn't because it was not crispy on top.  I do prefer the crispy topping, but it was still great.  The lemon bar was the desert to get, doesn't sound like it, but it was excellent.
5	Fantastic food!!!!   The staff was perfect with just the right amount of attentiveness. The summer tasting menu was excellent.  Nice ambiance away from the smoke of the casino.
5	My fiance and I went to Table 10  on our vacation. I was very excited because I'm a HUGE Emril fan!  I used to watch Emril LIVE every morning and he pretty much taught me how to cook.Anyway, Table 10 blew us out of the water! I had a chicken dish and it is BY FAR the best chicken dish I've ever had the pleasure of eating. My fiance had a Salmon dish and he LOVED it. We ordered two cocktails (ones that were recommended by our waiter) which were amazing as well.  We also had a unique dessert that neither my fiance and I would have ordered before, it was sugar doughnut holes that had filling which you also dipped into a frosting (waiter recommended). We were really surprised by how amazing this dish was because neither of us are huge doughnut fans.We loved how accommodating and knowledgeable the staff was and the food was so great! Next time we are in Vegas we will 100% be coming back to Table 10.
4	Another quality meal from Emerile.Salads - Boston and Caesar were perfectly fresh and very tasty.Gnocchi with mushrooms was among the best I've had.  Prawns were OK.The braised short ribs was tender and tasty and the filet was the best tasting meat dish I've had in Vegas this trip.  It was perfectly cooked and had just the right compliment of sauce and accompaniments.Desserts were fine. I subtracted one point because I originally ordered the chicken, but when it looked more like a Cornish Game Hen, I said no.  They were remarkable in their graciousness and delivered up the filet in moments.Nice wine list.
4	I've been here several times now but this my first review of Table 10.  We decided to take the family out for brunch to change it up a bit from the usual buffets out there.  The location is great.. being at the end of The Pallazio, you get to wander and enjoy the sights of the Venetian and The Pallazio.  The restaurant is beautifully done with ample seating for all group sizes.  They have tables outside also for those that want to see as well as be seen.For service, it was well staffed.  We were seated promptly, even with no reservation maybe partly because there were plenty of empty tables?.. Our waiter was very attentive and his assistant was always there to refill our glasses and pick up our dishes.  Love the open kitchen where you can see the dishes being prepared.  The food was great. Kids had the Croque Madame and Angus Beef Burger and the plates came in full. My lady had the Shrimp Po' Boy and that too looked great and filling.  Also enjoyed their Truffle Mac N Cheese.. Good flavor but a bit on the runny side.. still good. Only gripe was my lobster rolls. They came in looking like sliders.. 3 of them, almost in the same bread as they give in the beginning with about a tablespoon of lobster in each, so it gives the impression that you were shorted on the lobster. It was still good, just wish it had more lobster in it (Boy, do I miss their shrimp toast! That was Yum-ME!!).Overall, the experience there has always been good.  The food is a good amount and it doesn't set you back far in the wallet.  It's a good change from the regular cafes and buffets and hey, it's from Emeril.. BAM!
4	I personally only thought this place was a 3-star place (and for it's price tag, that could easily slip) but it's ambiance completely won me over.Intimate, well-lit but still romantic lighting, the type of chill lounge music that I listen to looping for the one hour that I was there and attractive decor that simply drew my attention. I was alone (quite possibly one of my first times ever eating alone in a sit-down restaurant!) so I had time to peruse over the menu and establishment. I sat at the bar hoping maybe I'll run into someone else waiting for their plane flight to come up. Well, she never spoke to me if she did make it to that bar.Onto the Happy Hour! Ordered:Beef Satay - No lie, I thought this dish was going to be horrible. I had it set out in my mind that I was going to hate it. However, I really enjoyed the grilled satay beef skewers. The lowest cut of beef they seemed to have use was chuck, the beef was flavorful and melt in your mouth tender. I normally don't like sriracha but the light satay sauce that came with it blended nicely with the sriracha sauce.3 oysters: I don't have a thing for raw oysters and while they were not the best that I've ever had, I did not find them unenjoyable. Plus they come with three different types of dipping sauces? Yes, please!Cheese Plate (3 different kinds of cheeses): I wish there was a description as to what sort of cheese I was given but alas, they were nowhere to be found. Each cheese came with a small pairing piece by it (jam or honey) and complemented the cheeses very well. Something I can sit and slowly enjoy. I was given a piece with the entire rind on the underside, which bothered me because I don't really like the wax. When I pointed it out to my bartender/server, they immediately rectified the issue and brought me a new slice.No Happy Hour is complete without drinks, of course!  Ordered the house pinot grigio, house pinot noir, aqua fresca and vodka tonic. House wines were surprisingly not as bad as I thought it would be. Aqua Fresca and vodka tonic were perfectly refreshing.The damage? Less than $50! I ordered so much stuff, the SO thought I went with someone else!Happy Hour is daily (sat and sun included!) from 4-6PM.Oh, and yes, service was attentive. My water stayed filled and I was consistently checked up on.Enjoy!
3	The restaurant has a great atmosphere but the food has gone down hill recently.  I am all about the Vegas food and will pay the price but here I do not feel it is worth it.  I also don't eat a ton and I felt the portions were pretty small which is saying a lot.  Definitely a better place to go for lunch then dinner.  If you do go be sure to try their maple bacon!
5	Wife and I each had the 4 course / $45 special. Serving sizes of the apps were slightly reduced, but we still couldn't finish everything, so still plenty of food. And the variety was great, especially for the price. Gumbo, BBQ shrimp, bacon, & Cesar salad were as good as any dishes I've had anywhere. Dining at the bar was great as was the service and pace. The peach chicken was juicy & flavorful like dark meat but was a meaty breast -- I never order chicken for a nice dinner out, but this was really good and would recommend. Did I mention the roasted bacon appetizer? They use thick and lean cuts, apply brown sugar and cayenne pepper then roast. Served with a maple dipping sauce - really unique and so good. Was a tad on the spicy side but worked for me. If there was anything that wasn't a '10', I'd say the skirt steak. It was very good and lean and flavorful but I've had that elsewhere. Since it was 'only' an 8, it really underscored how great the rest of the dishes were. Finished with chocolate mousse which was also very good - wife had lemon bar which she said was top notch. We may not stay at Venetian next visit to Las Vegas, but we will absolutely come for dinner at Table 10 -- it was great. Emeril came out of New Orleans and his roots and passion for this style of cooking come though 1000% at Table 10.
4	We were lucky enough to attend during "lobster week" so we had some things that may not be on the regular menu.We had:-gumbo (always on the menu)-corn lobster soup (holy crap....if you EVER get a chance to eat this there, do not pass it up. It was absolutely incredible)-lobster rolls (they were okay....not typical lobster rolls but they tasted good)-lobster gnocci. The description was a little deceptive. It's regular gnocci with loster bits sprinkled in at the bottom of the plate. To be fair, the lobster pieces were pretty large and it tasted rich and hearty.We would try it again but I'd probably opt for Grimaldi's next door. It's a quicker bite and it's more affordable
4	This is great place for dinner that is low key but has awesome service and very good food. It's a bit pricey but you definitely get what you pay for.I had my Bachelor Party dinner there and it was easily one of the best service I have ever had. The reservation process was seamless and it was just a nice getaway from the madness known as Las Vegas!I highly recommend this place and I will be back!
5	A small group of us had a lovely lunch here! We had intended to get pizza, but the pizza place next door had their ovens closed, so we headed here. The decor was great- just intimate enough, but still casual enough for lunch. This may be weird, but one of my favorite parts was the bathroom design and decor- I like the layout, and I love the floor tile. We decided to order a bunch of small plates and mostly share, instead of each ordering an entree. We also had some wine. We tried the Caesar salad, the gumbo, the stuffed red peppers, the flatbread, the salumi plate, and lobster ravioli, and the gnocci (there were four of us). Everything was great! The gnocci was delicious- moist, light, and pillowy. The peppers, stuffed with goat cheese, were fantastic, and the flatbread was very good. I didn't try the caesar salad, the gumbo or the lobster ravioli, but all three looked good (and I was told they were). The salumi plate didn't stand out as anything extra special, but it was good, and came with an interesting mustard. I did order an espresso after our meal, and that was tasty. It was bold but smooth, and came with the customary piece of lemon peel. Everyone else ordered a dessert, including an ice cream dish, a banana cream pie, and tiramisu. I tried a bite of the banana cream pie, and it was really fresh-tasting. Pictures of everything are uploaded! Overall, this was a much better experience than I was hoping for based on other reviews. I would absolutely return, and try additional menu items.
5	Delish!!!Dined at Table 10 this afternoon during happy hour and it was delicious!*Lagasse Lemonade ($7) great light cocktail with amazing taste!!! Great recommendation by our helpful waiter!!!*Emeril's BBQ Shrimp ($9) packed with bold flavor definitely a must try!!!!!!*New Orleans Fried Shrimp Po' Boy ($17) pretty tasty. If you don't want the bread and or fries I recommend the popcorn shrimp!Will definitely return love the ambiance.
4	Gumbo is just perfect, makes a jazz musician smile! We got the $45.00 price Fix menu, lots of choices the BBQ shrimp is bursting with flavor inviting the diner to indulge once bite after bite. I you are not allergic to shellfish and you don't order this I recommend that your wife kick you! It is that good' The peach chicken crispy(no breading!) and juicy with savory bread pudding (think Yorkshire pudding) with oyster mushrooms! Wonderful ! The trademark Banana creme pie did not disappoint! Recommend you ask for the seating facing the kitchen bar style -- you can chat with the culinary artist while the cook your meal!
4	Went and had the Prix Fixe three course meal while rushing from trade show event to trade show event. Gotta say I was impressed; Bacon appetizer to start, filet mignon entree and a chocolate flourless cake to end it. I'm okay with this. Bacon was about as spicy as all get out. Not for me...but I'm sure it's good for other people. Steak was good, very tender and good flavor, really enjoyed it. Cake was cake. Didn't eat. Hilariously enough, I was too damn tired to finish, I was struggle-bussing to stay awake. The staff was great, kept my water filled. I'm kinda particular about that. Usually just tell em to bring another glass, most just bring a vessel. This guy just kept it filled. Good to go. It was mid-day, slow and no one else was eating, so that worked out quite well as service was quick. Didn't blow me away, but definitely good to go...and $35 for three course at an Emeril joint ain't bad.
1	Really Emeril? Really? This is one your restaurants in the U.S.?After landing and settling at our Palazzo room, we came down here for dinner. One of the few restaurants I haven't gotten to try here at the Palazzo so decided to go here to knock it off. And let's just say I was fine with Table 10 not in my history of places i have eaten at. The appetizer was decent, nothing special. Lobster Mac n Cheese and their Caesar's Salad was good. Then came the main dishes... Oh boy... When the entrees of pasta came, I was over my dinner after 1 bite. My bolognese pasta was one of the most blandest, basic entree I ever had in life. The other pasta dish, shrimp pappardelle one of my friends got was even worse. How the hell are you going to be an Italian restaurant with shit pasta dishes?! And everything was way overpriced for the crap they dish out here.  I could have spent the fraction of the bill and had a better meal at an Olive's Garden.The service was solid, but that doesn't make up for the food overall. No thank you, and Table 10 is on my shit list. Blah! Bye mediocrity! Bye Felicia!
4	Our first visit was great! We ordered the 4 course meal on a Thursday night. Each dish was a delight, and very delicious, except the meat dish that we ordered was tough to eat. The restaurant has a view of the chefs preparing their dishes in the kitchen. The waiters were very friendly. I would come back to try the other dishes when I can. The restaurant is located in the Palazzo Hotel, on the 2nd floor.
4	There are many celebrity chefs flooding the Vegas market. Emeril has been here for awhile so I think his standard fair at his restaurants are tested and true recipes with service that has been honed over time. When going to an Emeril restaurant you are most likely going to have a good meal with good service.My mother and I ate here for lunch on their Restaurant Week 2014 menu. My one and only dining experience for this season's RW, unfortunately. We arrived shortly after they opened and were seated in the empty front dining area. Our server was prompt and courteous, continually checking on us throughout the meal and our drinks were topped off consistently.My mother and I both started off with the Boston Salad that came with big, leafy greens, giant tomatoes, big chunks of bacon, and buttermilk ranch dressing with fresh cracked black pepper. Phenomenal! I could have this salad just as an entree and be fine. The quality of the lettuce was exceptional and each bite was crisp and enjoyable.Next, my mother chose the peach roasted chicken and I wish I had gotten it too! It was flavorful, tender, and juicy, with a crispy skin, and spiced perfectly. It came with a savory bread pudding and grilled mushrooms. I opted for the lobster ravioli which was disappointing. While the raviolis themselves were well cooked and stuffed nicely with lobster the tomato butter it was served in was terribly off-putting for me and I really disliked the Cajun flavor to it (I know, Emeril's cooking style IS Cajun!), but still just not great in my opinion and very lackluster. It came topped with cuts of asparagus and not even they could pick the dish up.Lastly, dessert was delish. I had the Chocolate Mousse Cake, which was so so decadent, but fluffy and sinfully sweet. My mother opted for the very famous banana cream pie (which I have had before), and she said it was exquisite. Overall the disappointment in my main entree was balanced by the good service, salad, and dessert. I am sure this miss with the entree is an exception, not a consistency.
2	Dear Mr. Lagasse:I'm a long-time admirer of your work.  In the mid-90's, I can recall sitting down at my television set, waiting enthusiastically for your television show to come on.  I watched it religiously and learned much about cooking--good cooking--from your show.  So, when I recently visited Las Vegas and was looking for a final lunch before heading to the airport, I was pleased to have stumbled upon Table 10, and was even more pleased to learn the restaurant served lunch.  I was thrilled--really thrilled.  I sat down at the bar and asked the friendly bartender about his favorites on the menu.  The first thing out of his mouth was the chicken sandwich.  I said, "Sure, let's do it." I ordered a tasty cocktail and waited anxiously for the meal/lunch to arrive.  What did the sandwich look like upon arrival?  Great.  Stunning!  The visual presentation was spot on.With mouth watering and a smile on my face, I picked up half of the sandwich and leaned in for the first bite.  The result?  Simply put, the texture of the bread was wonderful.  It was a pillowy ciabatta.  I then caught the taste of the chicken as I continued my bite.  It was perfectly seasoned, with just the right amount of salt and spices.  For a split second, I was in heaven.  Then, I hit the chicken.  Or should I say my teeth hit the chicken.  Initially, I thought I had bitten into a toothpick or some other hard object.  I was stunned to learn I had not.  It was the texture of the chicken!  Tough, leathery--almost jerky-like--I had to grind through each bite of the chicken pieces until I finished the sandwich.  Should I have gone no further than bite one and just simply sent it back? I suppose I could have done that, but it's not my job to demand that I be served a quality sandwich.  Rather, it's the kitchen's job to nail it on the first try.  The kitchen served me the sandwich I got.  I ate it.  It was truly disappointing, as I've admired your work as a culinary giant for many years.  It was almost a great sandwich, but for the chicken.  Regards, Tom D.
5	Great food! Everything tasted awesome, I'm really surprised when I read some of the reviews on here. We were a party of four, we all had the 4/45 course meal! Everything from the bass to the skirt steak tasted perfect. The salad dressing used for all the salads was creamy and tasty. Oh my the dessert was perfection. Our service was great! I will admit though, I honestly didn't find any of their cocktails that good neither did the rest of our party. They were ok. All in all it was a great experience. Thank you chef!
4	Good food quality and decent price especially considering this is Vegas.  Had the Croque Madam (ham cheese fried egg sandwich) very good.   The gumbo was good also.
5	Whenever I have visitors in town Table 10 is a MUST! I have tried so many of the amazing dishes here and have yet to be disappointed. Typically we sit at the bar for a more relaxed environment where they still serve the full menu, which is AMAZING for such a high end restaurant on the strip. The other major reason we sit at the bar each visit is because of the friendly and personable bartenders they have behind the bar! Hagan and Daniel are simply fantastic, as long as those two are there I will continue to stop in a few times a month! Overall great atmosphere, employees, and of course the fabulous food!
4	We made lunch reservation and we were seated right away. Service was very prompt.  We couldn't decide on an app. So thought why not...we ordered two: Roasted Bone Marrow and Steak Tartar - yumm!  Croque Madame for lunch. Exceptionally tasty. Loved the potatoes. Have to use a knife and fork for the sandwich. Very tasty!
4	Good place, a lot of food for the 4/$45 deal. Liked the uniqueness of the food, the bacon app was amazing!
2	Server, Julia was very friendly and patient with my friends who spoke broken English.  She saved what ended being an overall disappointing experience. Sad to say, all down hill from here. Hands down, worst oysters in Las Vegas. They were tiny, mostly black and every one came with bits of shell. Manager's explanations was "that's just the way we get them. Some are good others are like this" which amazed me. After more discussion he did reluctantly bring 3 more but the lack of quality control and the tone of this manager put me off for the remainder of the meal.
3	When I saw that this was Emeril's restaurant I was happy to enjoy some good Cajun cooking.  I was disappointed.The food was good and pretty looking when served, but a far cry from Cajun cooking.The service was great and the staff was friendly and joked with us, made for a great experience.But I think Emeril needs to revisit Louisiana and learn how real Cajuns cook.
3	They have daily happy hour so that was nice. Happy hour drinks were great. Got fried shrimp and Emeril's shrimp both for $9 each. We got 6 pieces of fried shrimps which was nice and crunchy with great sauce, however we inly got 3 of the Emeril's shrimps. Service wasn't so great to start with, then got a different server and he was nice.
3	Don't order the beef tartar! Awful! Basically just raw hamburger. BBQ shrimp was good but drinks very pricey. Overall ok but beware of cost and don't order the tartar!
4	I had the opportunity to return to Table 10 last night and had a huge turn around compared to a prior visit. The quality of the food, recommendations by the servers and welcome by management was all spot on. I highly recommend even If not in the mood for a full meal try stopping in and trying a drink from the specialty bar menu.
4	Compared to some of Emeril's other restaurants, I found this one moderately priced. Also the servers worked in teams so each table had multiple servers. You never waited long for service. The gumbo was awesome!
4	A friend who lives in Vegas who is "in the know" about all the restaurants on the strip (and elsewhere), suggested we meet for lunch at one of Emeril's newer spots, Table 10 (opened December 2013), since I was at the Sands Expo on business close by.  She was raving about the Banana Cream Pie.  Hmmm, not exactly my favorite, but sure, let's give it a try.We both ordered the quiche, wow, huge portion and we could have (should have) shared.     Drumroll: That Banana Cream Pie was absolutely delicious!  So fresh, cold, not frozen, the graham cracker crust and whipped cream so flavorful -  and there was very little, if any sugar!  I highly recommend going out of your way to try a slice or share a slice as we did!
4	The bf and I were in Vegas celebrating his birthday this past August when I decided to take him to dinner at a fancy smanchy place haha. We were walking around The Palazzo trying to figure out what to eat. We were originally going to go to the sushi inside the casino but then I saw Table 10 at the end of the walkway. They had a prefix menu option that night which we decided to go for. It was $45/person which isn't bad considering the pricing of the rest of the menu. We absolutely loved the food. I will not lie, the portions were a little on the smaller side but nevertheless they were delicious! After dessert and all we were pretty full. Now that I think about it, I am glad the portions were not huge or else we would have leftovers and noone wants to carry leftovers when they are on vacation, that or we would have let it go to waste. The lobster bisque and shrimp appetizers were delicious! We both had steak which was really juicy and tender. I had the banana cream pie and it was delicious! Definitely a place worth trying if you are in Vegas!
3	Decent restaurant for lunch but certainly not the best around. And not at these prices. I stopped in for a quick lunch by myself and it still took over an hour. Disappointed with the slow and inattentive service. Food was good and interesting combinations.
5	Anniversary dinner with my wife. Got to Table 10 at 6pm for a great meal. We ask our delightful server Rafael to take his time we were here to dine, which was executed very well. We are enjoying our coffee at 8pm about ready to go. The staff split all of our items which was a nice surprise. We enjoyed the Smelts and butternut squash as an appetizer, continued onto an awsome mushroom soup with a truffel cream. Wow! The rest of the meal was just plain great topping it off with the House Special Bannana Cream pie and pineapple gelato which was complementary for our Anniversary. Will gladly recommend!
1	Had lunch here,  ate the lobster roll. Can't taste the lobster. No presentation at all. Worst of all,  I got very sick afterwards. Ruined my whole vacation. This is what happens when you get too big and famous. You can't possibly know what all your restaurants are doing. Sad! You can't even pay me to eat here again. Everyone in my party were disappointed.
5	Reviews look to be a bit all over the place for this establishment and I'm probably not about to convince the masses one way or the other being that three of us happened upon this place on accident and then ordered an appetizer and sandwiches, hardly running the gauntlet that the menu provides. But even with that chance encounter, that slight sampling of the items offered and the fact that we were in and out of here within an hour, Table 10 is still a hidden gem in a crowded pavilion of "me too!" eateries that do not give you as much flavor and freedom from the touristy masses.Admittedly, our luck in Vegas seemed to be solely related to food as it was blind chance that took us here: we were shopping around The Venetian and The Palazzo, and because these centers seem like they were designed with the sole purpose of disorienting you despite you being completely sober, it was not long at all before we ended up at one end of the boutique shops and found this place sitting before us. It rests near the end of one side of The Palazzo storefronts and is kind of ordinary looking: a hostess desk outside (but still indoors) sits alongside a brief patio to the right, as well as in front of a theatre-in-the-round bar that has this spiral staircase in the center of it that is either a great decoration or ascends into the Batcave.We were seated in a small dining room to the right adorned with metal fence work on the wall, and within minutes our waiter greeted us and took our drink order. This guy seemed to be fielding every table in every dining room, as it was not unusual to see him through the open windows tending to other guests on the patio. And yet, despite walking more miles in the hour we were there than most people walk in a week, the man kept the pace up and the satisfaction of all his tables equally high. He really did a stellar job with being attentive but not suffocating like an ex when it came to refills and when to order food.And the food... I was still nursing the huge breakfast I had prior to this, so I opted for an appetizer of beef skewers. Sounds lame, maybe, but when those six skewers arrived, they smelled heavenly and tasted probably akin to what the gods are used to gorging on after a day of smiting. My folks went the sandwich route, going for the pork po boy (with molasses BBQ sauce!!!) and the "perfect '10' BLT." Dad had the po boy devoured, citing it as among the best he has ever had. The fries that came with it were decent, but really, when french fries are the least memorable part of your meal, that's a problem along the lines of not driving your third Ferrari because the color of the leather seats clashes with your sunglasses. What I'm saying is the po boy would have been the best item any of us ate if not for Mom's BLT.By now, anyone over the age of 14 is sick of the Internet culture adopting bacon and ruining it by repeatedly bringing it up, much like zombies, cats and zombies playing with cats. But trust me when I say this bacon is worth the price of admission alone. Mom was gracious enough to spare a slab for both Dad and myself and I'm pretty sure I lost track of time and space while eating mine, like I was having an out-of-body experience without leaving the table. I guess the rest of the sandwich was good but hey, bacon that good is a tough act to follow.Like I said, we were here for just an hour and had an appetizer and sandwiches. Not really the full Table 10 experience but in no way indicative of some of the disparaging reviews I see below mine. Give Table 10 a shot - it stands out by not trying to stand out, and that's worth a minimum of five stars in my book.
1	Gosh what can I say?We went to this place with very high hopes of having some great food..and God willing service. But alas..food that we ordered was sriracha chicken wings..and roasted chicken..the one and only poultry dish for us chicken eaters.Wings..well the sauce and cucumber ranch although a little runny but ok. Chicken ..well..we had to struggle to eat these so called wings..they were that hard and chewy. Roasted chicken...hmm..I'd say this one was ok..but all I could taste was butter ...butter and butter. Did I say there was a ton of butter..? I had to add some pepper to it to add at least some type of flavor to it..and still it tasted pretty much bleaah !Oh darn...I almost forgot the service..it was terrible! The place was half empty..yet the waiter had to be reminded twice..to get straws for our water, then to get drinks menu..and then to take our drinks orders...seriously ?Drinks were served in just regular glasses...my mock tail tasted of only one thing...sugar. The glass it was served in..meh!So Mr.Emeryl ..we won't be coming back to this one or to any of your other extremely pricy..but overrated and uninspired restaurants!
1	My family and I were excited to come here for dinner.    Unfortunately, the food doesn't measure up to Emeril's name.  Most of the food we ordered was bland, no taste at all!  Such a disappointment....
1	Excited to visit, left ashamed.Food:not impressed, jambalaya was very commercial tasting, in fact almost like canned jambalaya. I really don't have much words. just bland, boring, and i have had real jambalaya and it is way better than the crap this place served me. the  sausage was good and the only thing i ate.it was also very mushy in texture like it was overcooked.ServiceNon existent. place was empty when we arrived and now i know why.waited 15 minutes for the waiter to come back so we can get the check and go far away and never return.overall: anyone can make better at home from a box. so disappointed!!!
2	Food (lunch) was decent but hardly memorable. And this review is written within one hour of paying.  Service was extremely slow, as I think there's only one or two waiters scrambling around in the restaurant.  Management really needs to step it up and schedule its staff better... Lunch took about two hours because everything took so long. Six empty cups and we had to work hard to flag down another waiter, as ours failed to check in for so long.  Waiter later threw down desert menus without even looking at us. Came back ten minutes later to throw.down plates as if he were dealing cards in the casino floor. I dont recall any eye contact the whole time... To avoid seeing the obvious disappointment in our eyes? Watch your bill carefully, one of our entrees was priced $10 more than on the menu. This could have been missed easily because of the way they individually divided and repriced items on the set menu.
5	This was a rare find in Vegas.  A 5 star restaurant that was also quiet, elegant and reasonably priced.  My wife and I visit vegas quite often (5-10 times per year) mainly to enjoy the shows, restaurants and shopping. While there are many fine restaurants by some of the world's top chefs - few also offer this rare combination of a quiet dining experience (in Vegas!) plus world-class food, reasonably priced, AND with reasonable portions.  On a Saturday night, my wife and I went to look for a nice restaurant for a quiet dinner.  We saw a few small signs for Table-10, and found it in a rather discrete location  (away from the concentration of restaurants and shops, pleasantly perched on the second floor)).   When we got there, we were pleasantly surprised by several things:1. there was no wait!  (for such a restaurant on a saturday night - this was astounding).2. the restaurant was not crowded, and it was quiet enough for us to enjoy and have a conversation.3. they had a $45 dinner special - 4 courses - with a variety of choices that were memorable and delicious.One notable part of the meal experience ...  the portions.  One of my main complaints about Vegas restaurants (and about everything in vegas) is stressing Quantity over Quality.  Most restaurants cater to the tourist who wants value (quantity) for their money, and thus they pile on the portions to the point where you really cannot appreciate the meal.  Table-10 ... the portions were just perfect:  Satisfying but just enough to truly appreciate the cooking and to look forward to the next course.Last - I will echo some of the other recommendations here - the Banana Cream "cake" - was amazing  (while I expected the entrees from an Emeril restaurant to be 5-star, the deserts were also memorable)-   Highly recommended!   But keep it a secret so we can get another quiet table next time!
3	Well the atmosphere was nice ,I sat at the bar during the Alabama/Ohio state gameWe were cheering our team on and were told to keep it down, so beware it's not a sports bar friendly attitude4 course meal deal is a great ideaLove the smaller price 45.00 but be aware that gets you smaller portions but that's ok too..Food is good service greatI would get a table next time and enjoy some of the more expansive items on the menuImpressed? Not so much but the waygu skirt steak I could cut with a fork..nice
2	The food is still awesome (see my prior review) but our service was terrible. Not sure what's up as the place was not busy.  Too bad cause the food is great.
1	This place was once a 5 star restaurant, but not anymore. We dined here Jan 4th 2015, and it is now close to 2 star. The atmosphere and pricing are still 5 star, however the food is not. The quality of the steaks we received was on par with a $10 meal, not a $150 meal. Both of our steaks were full of fat, and were so tough that it was nearly impossible to cut with the steak knife. They were seasoned properly, but the cut of meat we each received was well below that which should be expected in a nice restaurant. The truffle mac and cheese was also well below par. They were out of lobster, so we could not try that. I have eaten here many times, and in the past it was top notch. It has now become a less than desirable restaurant. Being out of one dish is inconvenient - serving sub-par cuts of meat is unacceptable.Lagasse should be ashamed to put his name on this place - it should be called "Table Turd" now instead of Table Ten. I will not be returning to this restaurant again, even though I often stay in the Venetian, and it is convenient.
1	Cold food and bad service .... Don't get the wagyu skewers served cold and no flavor... only the bread taste good here
5	Delicious and excellent service. Will be backThere wasn't very many people in the restaurant during the lunch hour that we visited.  Shared a lobster bisque soup, spinach salad and pulled pork sandwich.  It was enough for us since it was a late lunch.
