5	Grand Opening today!  I love the Hurricane Colada! This one is a really big location.  It has lots of seating, open on Sunday's, and they take credit cards.  I'm so happy we finally have one here in South Chandler!
5	If you haven't gotten on the shaved ice bandwagon yet, then hop on. Bahama bucks has so many options and variety that you ll please everyone. This new location is clean and has lots of seating. I imagine it could get crowded being next to a high school and kids swim school so might wanna keep an eye out for that. I haven't tried it all yet but I'm sure I'll find a favorite. Price 3.5/5 about the same price range as Cold Stone or Baskin Robbins Atmosphere 5/5 Food 5/5
4	This place is huuuuge and actually opened when it says it is unlike the others. The store is clean and that is always a plus. When I came there were two employees (youngins) they had some of their high school friends come in and be loud and obnoxious, but luckily for me they gave me my order quick enough to get the f out.
2	Hopefully it was an anomaly but my shaved ice tasted of freezer burn... I've been to several Bahama Bucks in the past, but never had THAT experience before...
1	This is by far the worst experience I have ever had. I've always loved Bahama bucks and never had a problem. But today I ordered ice cream flavored shaved ice and get a cup of ice cream and shaved ice. This is ridiculous...
5	Best shaved ice. The first time I had Bahama Buck was on Mill Ave by ASU in 90's. And then it was gone. I was so heartbroken. Then I heard one opened Rural and McClintock and I was saved. Now I have one even closer. There is a god!Call me lame but blueberry with cream is the best. Might sound boring but its like heaven in your mouth.
5	love the location, love the soft sno, love that youre open on sundays but i beg of you: bring back polar berry!!!
1	Awful. When I came in there was nobody else there (I should have turned around and walked out then) and the workers were just standing around talking. (Which is fine. Is there's nothing else to do.) When I ordered the girl at the registered roller her eyes at me when I changed one of my flavors. Then when I got my sno I noticed it was bad sno. Really chunky and full of ice chunks. There was hardly any flavor and the flavor we did have tasted like colored water. I definitely won't be returning. The cooper and Warner location is MUCH better. I wish I could give 0 stars.
4	Really great shaved ice. They have a large variety of flavors. I have been to this location twice. The first time I would have given it five stars, service was excellent. They lost a star on my second visit when it seemed like they didn't get the right flavor cherry on my shaved ice. I wanted black cherry not regular cherry. The store was not as clean the second visit, there were sticky spots on the floor from the syrups.  I think it depends which group of teenagers  are working on any given evening.  It is close to Hamilton high school so I imagine the owner hires a lot of teenagers.  I will go back though the ice is delicious and I really enjoy  the different flavors I've tried. I like that they allow you to have samples of
