5	I was drug here kicking and screaming by my hair! Imagine you are out with your "friends" It's late OK very late or maybe early around 3am ish any way.. Your drunk and starving what do you do demand Waffle house or Jack in the Box! No such luck with this bunch, they pulled in to Village Inn. I am not a happy drunk at this point. I finally come to terms with the fact that our designated driver will not drive me elsewhere and begin to review the menu. I decide on a patty melt with onion rings. I am whining about my choice and just generally being a belligerent drunk wanting to boycott. Then the food came and quickly I might add. Holy rye bread drenched in butter and grilled to perfection. This was a damn good patty melt. I wanted to order another! I have been back 3 times since sober to get it and it is good. The onion rings I get with it are decent too. That is why they have a 5 star from me the deliciousness of that little patty melt they get 4 snaps in a circle!Damn Patty is like a monkey on my back now, Just gotta get my fix!
4	We came here because we figured it wouldn't be busy; we were right. But, to our amazement, the food was really good. I had an extremely flavorful cheeseburger that was as good as any burger I have had in Phoenix. Thankfully, herd instinct will keep the masses flocking to lesser establishments like Lenny's, In-N-Out and Lucky Boyz so we can have Village Inn practically to ourselves.
4	Huh, would have thought there'd be more reviews of this place.Ok, I've been to this Village Inn loads of times as I am not someone who eats at usual times.  The food here is GOOD.  I don't go as often as I used to as I live further south now but still make the trek on occasion of need for post-work meal so it does inspire.I think my favorite thing about Village Inn is  the food quality does not go down in the overnight hours.  Many of their competitors in this absolutely do.  Yes, the items available are smaller in number but they do them right.In addition there is pie.  Lots of flavor choices for whatever is tickling your fancy.The only downer is that when you get up to pay you often have to wait a few minutes for someone to decide to come and take your money.  I wonder how many walk-outs they must have not having a staff member required to be at or in sight of the register at all times.Being off the i-17 this is an awesome place to meet people up!
3	Sorry to break to you but  it seems another Village  inn has bitten the dust...
