1	AVOID this location. Eat N Park is a nice chain, but do NOT go here.I have been a happy Eat N Park customer for my 22 years of life, and this location used to be decent, but it has gone far downhill. My last three experiences have been horrible- long waits, bad, inattentive service, and awful food. This evening, it took the waitress 18 minutes just to bring us our drinks and silverware, and my burger, when it finally arrived, was dry and charred, with most of the cheese dribbling vomitously off one side of the patty. To add insult to injury, the waitress gave us the wrong check at the end of the evening. That mix-up took more than ten minutes to sort out, by which point the waitress had forgotten she had been asked to bring a take-out container for one guest's food.The problem wasn't just with my server, either. The salad bar apparently wasn't being attended- many stations were low or empty, and there were no soup spoons. Its selection of "baked goods" consisted of a tray of crumbs and a few slices of white bread.Like I said, I gave it three chances over the course of about two months, and it's clear by this point that this location has become dysfunctional. Any place can have one bad night, and that's forgivable, but it's pervasive here. Don't let this review put you off from Eat N Park in general, though. As I said, it's a really nice local chain. Just go to another location. There's one in Squirrel Hill and one at the Waterfront, and while I haven't been to either of those recently, I'm sure they're providing much better service than the abysmal location at Edgewood Town Centre.
1	I hadn't eaten here since March, when I wrote my last one-star review.I had hoped that half a year would change things for the better at this location (after all, it was still in business) but I was wrong.Here's a blow-by-blow:My party and I walked in and waited by the podium. No one was manning it, and no one was in line- the restaurant wasn't even busy. About five minutes later, someone finally noticed us, came over, and seated us.After we had been sitting for close to ten minutes, a waitress finally stopped by and took our drink orders.Ten minutes later, the waitress walked by again, still without our drinks. She stopped short, looked over at us, said "Oops," and scurried away. Another two minutes later, she came back with the drinks (apologizing that she had forgotten about us) and took our food orders.The food was basic breakfast stuff, but it took nearly 30 minutes for it to come out of the kitchen. That's not too bad of a delay in and of itself, but on top of the long delays we'd had so far, it was aggravating.The food wasn't as plainly BAD as I remember it being half a year ago, but there was one major error:I ordered a vegetarian omelet, but there was a chunk of bacon in it. Not a whole strip or anything, but a segment about a half-inch long that was clearly bacon. I guess it got mixed into my food on the grill by accident, left over from a previous order or something. Luckily, I'm not Jewish/Muslim/etc, so I didn't have any religious reasons to exclude the pork from my diet, but frankly, the restaurant dodged a bullet there, mixing pork into a dish that was explicitly listed as vegetarian. You'd think a restaurant would know how much of a Big Deal it is to be careful to keep pork out of non-pork dishes, especially considering that Pittsburgh has an enormous Jewish community.All in all, it took us about an hour just to get a simple breakfast, and the service (both tableside and in the kitchen) was clearly awful. Again, the restaurant wasn't even crowded... There's simply no excuse for providing service that bad.ADDENDUM: January 1st, 2011I was talking to my father, and he mentioned that he had stopped in at this Eat 'n Park for breakfast a few weeks ago on his way to work. He said he couldn't believe how bad it was. I agreed and told him that I'd only gone to this location twice in 2010, and it was terrible both times, so I'd decided not to go back.
1	Its actually worse than it sounds in Bill P.'s review. If you're starving, park here and walk over to the Giant Eagle right there - anything in their cafe will be better.
3	It's an eat 'n park... don't expect miracles. You go there for a cheap breakfast, decent salad bar and late night munchies. The staff have always been kind, I've heard a lot of dick head customers being really nasty to these people and they've handled it with poise.Okay, so I didn't get that last cup of coffee, my waitress went on a smoke break...again and damn it,I said hashbrowns, not homefries. chill out or go to Wendy's
2	This review is really for their drive thru service.  I had called my order in while I was in the plaza at another store.  Giving me ample time to finish what I was doing and then head over there before I headed for home.Never using the drive thru here before I was a bit leery when I used the drive thru lane.  It's quite narrow and hard to maneuver through.  Especially since it runs between the building and trash area.The food, even though it took me five minutes to get home, was nearly cooled the whole way through.  I know I could have heated it up in the microwave, but I kind of expected it to be at least lukewarm.  This made me think that the twenty minute wait I was to have was an over estimation.Not even the tiny smiley cookie they gave me could make up for the lackluster meal I received.
