5	Amazing!! I have been to 13 different places for extensions and I thought that the messy and painful process they out me through was normal. I thought my real lashes were supposed to rip out with the extension. Then I found Alexa! I can't explain how different and wonderful the experience is. Everyone asks me where I go and are amazed at how long mine last and the condition of my real lashes. Thank you for being such a perfectionist and so framing my eyes so perfectly!
5	I have been seeing Alexa for eyelash extensions for well over a year.  She is so talented.  I Love my lashes.  They are very low maintenance, and always look great.  I would not hesitate to recommend Alexa.  Her technique is painless and she is a true professional.  I usually fall asleep on her comfy table while she is working away! I always look forward to seeing her, and although her schedule is full of happy clients, she is always most accommodating.  You won't regret using Alexa for your lash extensions!
5	I never right reviews for anything, but I have to let everyone know about Alexa (Lash Out Couture) I've been going to Alexa for about 9 months. She is nothing short of AMAZING!!! I would go as far as saying she is the BEST in AZ!  I was referred to Alexa by a girlfriend of mine that has been going to her for over a year. When i was considering lash extensions, I almost made the mistake of going to a place that was advertising on Groupon for 1/2 the cost.  My girlfriend convinced me to go to Alexa and pay full price (which was only $30 more than the 50% off price)  My lashes turned out so amazing the first time and has every time after. I get compliments on my eyes ALL the time. My lashes last for about 4 weeks, which is usually unheard of by other salons. The process is very relaxing, I fall asleep every time :) If you are considering Lashes or you currently get lashes some where else, I would consider trying Alexa 1 time. You will NOT regret it and You will definitely go back!!!
5	Alexa is the best! I have followed her for several years to different locations because after meeting her, I would not trust anyone else with my lashes. My previous experiences with lash technicians simply don't compare. Friendly, caring, and professional, Alexa is doing an outstanding job. It is amazing how much full eyelashes dramatically add to one's look! I also recommend her facials, which are among the best I ever had.
5	Alexa is so professional. I love my lashes. I had gone to other places and my lashes would fall out or i would lose my real lashes. She is a perfectionist and I love her.Her place is so relaxing and I love her music that she plays when she is doing any service.I drive further to see her, but she's worth it. I get compliments all the time and she really has brought my confidence up, cause my eyes pop out with the beautiful lashes.Thank you Alexa
