4	I ordered a cheese pizza for take out.  It was ready sooner than I was quoted.  The employee was very helpful and friendly.  I almost fell over when he handed me my pizza box.  It is so HEAVY.  I have never had a pizza like that.  The cheese tastes fresh and like a high quality mozzarella.  I will order from here again.
5	Best pizza in phoenix to date. It stinks this location doesn't have dine in, but its ok. My fav? The "classic combo" on thin crust. If you don't like this and the flavors don't explode in your mouth, I'm at a loss for words. The absolute best pizza money can buy. I have NO problem paying $20+ for a large combo pizza when the end result is this. I can't get over how amazing it is.They are pretty busy so make your to-go or delivery orders early. The staff is really nice, even when they are super busy. On each pizza box, they have coupons you cut-out. Save 12 of those up, and you get 50% off any pizza of your choice.The wings are also excellent.A+
4	Double dough classic combo. Really good pizza. The crust could have been better. I would go again tho.
3	This place is all right.It's close enough to my house that I order from it.I'm a fan of Chicago style thin crust and they do good by it. That's all, nothing impressive.Their wings and side items are decent too.One thing this place is not is:"Best pizza in phoenix to date"Do not believe this.  Also, the double dough is not good.  As thin crust it's good, but when you double it up, you can taste the dough more and a floury lack of yeast/rise time flavor comes through... I make better crust at home honest.Also one thing this place is not is bad.It's decent and with their coupons it makes an easy delivery option that won't leave you hanging.I have yet to try their deep dish, but judging by the double dough and phoenix's track record with deep dish, I'm not compelled to venture in that direction.I'll stick with my lazy night option: thin crust and wings.
1	I love their pizza, but ever since the new owners have taken over it has been nothing but a disaster. Last night we waited almost 2 hours for a pizza, I finally called and they said their driver was pulled over by the cops and had his car towed so there was a delay. SO instead of making us a fresh pizza, they delivered us the one that sat in the car for almost an hour. They have no concern or care for their customers.
3	Take-out only.  I've never tried the option, but if you place your order online, you can get 20% off your bill.  Mom's tried and liked the meatballs here (they're OK), and the fettucine alfredos I'd ordered were good  when I craved for the dish a couple of times- I needed something quick and didn't have a way to check out other options.  It's a Chicago-chain which I never cared for while I lived in the Chicago-area, so I rarely order from here now...
1	I used to love Rosati's Pizza, but something happened and now this location is horrible. The guy at the front counter won't answer direct questions and the double dough sausage pizza I ordered was very thin and had barely any sauce, cheese or sausage. All around it was a horrible experience and I definitely won't be back here.
1	Groupon offered a $1 lunch deal yesterday at Rosatis, so I thought I'd give them a second chance. It turns out I just wasted my time. When I showed up to pick up my order I was told that my $1 deal was supposed to be a $15 deal and that if I wanted to pay an extra $14 I could get my food. This is wrong on several levels, one of them being that it seems pretty obvious they were trying to cheat Groupon. Venders get 50% of the Groupon price, so if it was really $15, they would have only received $7.50. I left without my food, which I assume they had to throw away, because they wouldn't honor their Groupon.
4	I had friends in town from Chicago this month, and they saw the Rosati's and wanted to try it, being long time customers of the chain back home. This place was good once, but had really gone downhill in the last year or so. After agreeing reluctantly, I ordered a Chicago style deep dish combo for pick-up. The guy on the phone sounded very enthusiastic when I told them I wanted to impress my Chicago friends and assured me the pizza would be ready in 35-40 minutes.When I arrived precisely at 35 minutes, prepared for the usual wait,  the pie was literally coming out of the oven. The guy at the counter, Patrick, was all smiles and "How are you doing, Phil?" like he knew me-so clearly he was new. We chatted for a moment as he opened up the box and showed me the pie (something no place has done for me before, and I must say, I really like) and it looked perfect.He offered me cheese and red pepper packets (something they were nearly always out of in the past) and gave me a new menu and a sheet of coupons for next time. I remarked that what had happened here because the food and service were night and day different from what I was used to. "We've made some changes here, and if you have any problems with your pizza, you can call and ask for me personally and I will take care of it for you. Let me know how your friends like it." he said, and shook my hand.The pie was fabulous, and a big hit with my guests "exactly like Rosati's back home", and I have to say, so was the service. If this is how they "changed" things, bravo-I will definitely be back.
2	I had never been here before but my boyfriend insisted it was great. We went inside, ordered a pizza and sat down to wait. There was another couple next to us waiting also. An older lady came in and said she was there to pick up her order, which she placed on the phone. She had a $50 and the manager went CRAZY. He began scolding her in front of everyone about how he could not accept bills larger than $20. She said she had no idea, no one told her on the phone. The manager said, "Well, you should have told us when you ordered that you'd be using a $50 bill." All of us laughed at the guy, how ridiculous is this comment?! The manager then said," OK I'll accept it this time but I'll probably get into trouble." The lady said she was sorry, but her total was about $46 and she thought it made sense, a $50 bill is legal tender. The manager acted like he was doing her a huge favor, was very rude. About 10 minutes later when our order was ready, the manager said to us, "I'm sorry about that outburst, that was unprofessional. But some people just do whatever they want!" It was awkward and unprofessional for him to discuss it with us. His yelling at an older lady for trying to use a $50 bill had nothing to do with us. Anyway, the pizza was a little burnt, tasted just ok. I am pretty sure we will not be going to Rosati's again, simply because a) the pizza was not that great and b) I don't want to get yelled at.
5	I ordered the smallest sized Chicago style pizza with meatballs as the topping to be delivered, it cost me around $20 and the pizza is amazing - crispy crust (though I don't eat the ends because they're too crispy), plenty of cheese, lots of tasty tomatoes and "mama mia!" meatballs. This pie will feed me for a week. I will definitely be ordering again when I get a hankerin'.
1	For some reason my co-workers continue to want to order food from this restaurant every Friday when the boss is buying. All free lunches have their tradeoffs, and for me, this one is no longer worth it. On a couple of occasions I have tried the individual pizzas, which taste a lot like the cardboard they come in. One of my office mates raves about the meat ravioli; tried that once and as another reviewer indicated, it tasted like it came out of a can. I am going out to lunch today and buying my own food (better to escape the smell of raw onions one of these "ladies" likes to cram onto her meatball sub). In the several times I have tried to order off this menu it seems like something listed doesn't actually exist in their restaurant. No, we don't have sun dried tomatoes; no, we don't have balsamic dressing... Today I thought I would just get a salad, but I didn't want the heavy garlicky dressing that they usually thrust upon you and asked for olive oil instead. I was advised they don't have olive oil. I understand maybe in this neighborhood the sun dried tomatoes aren't a popular item, that they might be out of balsamic (actually I don't really because, although they have been listed on the print and online menu for the last 8 months, they never have had those effing tomatoes). However, how can any Italian restaurant not have olive oil?The descriptions for a couple of their dressings mention that they are made in house. Perhaps these people use canola oil in their dressings rather than olive oil, which sounds kind of Italian. It's actually Canadian - in case you were wondering.
5	Just like home!  Had a Chicago Style double sausage and it was amazing!  This is my favorite pizza place in Phoenix.
3	Good pizza, but kind of pricey.
1	Horrible not because of the food but because of the lack of integrity in the employees and not taking ownership for a system that advertised 20% by ordering online but then did not honor the discount.   Neither of the employees could explain how to get the 20% of off either. I then showed him on the Web where I ordered it from my phone and there was no coupon button as he suggested.  Very disappointed as I really wanted to like this place but I will take integrity over quality anytime.
5	While staying at a Best Western in Tempe, ordered Rosati's for delivery. The pizza was delivered in promised time frame. It was a thin crust, and was baked to perfection - cheese covered the other toppings and was nicely browned. The salads we ordered were crisp and garden fresh with high quality dressings (Ken's), and packaged croutons.  I had failed to mention the 5$ off coupon I had while ordering by phone, but called while delivery person waited - person on phone was extremely pleasant and happy to make the price adjustment.
2	When we first walked in we were surprised to find that it is a pick your pizza up and go home kind of shop. It was our first time so we asked Felipe, the employee up front, a few questions. He was short and not very friendly with his responses. We decided on our favorite, pepperoni and pineapple, on their double crust. Felipe described it similar to Dominos. I should have walked out the door then because I don't like Dominos pizza. The menu says double crust is a little thicker than the thin crust. We found a coupon online for a free pasta so we added a spaghetti to the order. We paid and he said it would be ready in 20-25 minutes.  As I was sitting in the lobby, I could see a small tv on a table in the back kitchen area. An employee walked over and turned the tv, made me question how sanitary it was back there. After tasting our pizza, I would compare it to a frozen pizza from the grocery. I was so disappointed. I really did not like their sauce. It was thick, clumped in various places of the pizza and weird tasting. The crust was dense and flavorless. The cheese was fine but they could have been more generous with the toppings. My husband hasn't tried the spaghetti yet, but I won't be trying it as I'm sure the sauce is the same as the pizza sauce. I won't go back there. If I want mediocre pizza, I can go to Little caesars for 1/3 of the price.
3	They make that pizza where you think it's just a slice of cheese, but hidden beneath all that cheesy greasy goodness is the good stuff (pepperonis).
4	New Owners!! Jeanie was super nice over the phone and our lunch was quite delicious - we had the cheese ravioli with meat sauce (large) the size was enough for three or four to eat a good portion.  The garlic toast was a little dry but otherwise the rest was great.  SO glad they are back and they deliver which works well for us as we are always crazy busy!
1	This place recently re-opened after being closed for a little while. My family and I decided to order some pizza's for dinner. Just awful!  Worst mistake ever. BIG BIG disappointment. Little Cesar's $5 pepperoni is better than this garbage. I used to like Rosati's but this order ruined it for me. I'll never order pizza from this place ever again.
5	Open defiantly not closed!  and simply the best; sausage, cheese, crust and sauce. I'm from Chicago and rate it a perfect 10.
1	I ordered my Pizza and wings and I wanted my wings extra extra crispy.  Well I picked up my order on my way home and when I arrived home my wings were not extra  crispy and there was No ranch.  I called to let the manager know this and I mentioned there was no ranch and he said they have a new cook and he forgot to put it in there and the he can take a dollar off my next order or I can come and pick it up.  I let him know that I didn't live in the area and we picked it up on the way home.  He said he can have someone deliver it but  he would have to charge me three dollars. You can imagine my surprise when I just spent $30 with them and they want to charge me three more.  I told him why should I have to pay for the cooks mistake and he should take the money Out of the cooks pay.  Needless to say  I will Never order from them again..my wings were under cooked and not cooked as I requested and the Pizza is salty.  If this is Chicago style them I'm good with not having it in my life anymore.  Please be cautious when ordering from this place because their mistakes will cost you.
4	Tried it for the first and my gf wanted it again for breakfast the next day and I almost agreed. We had the thin crust pep, jale, and bell pep and it was amazing! The employees seemed friendly and the pizza didn't take long at all.  We ate there again a few days later (same pizza) but this time I wanted to try the "jumbo wings" once again we loved that pizza but I didn't like the wings at all.  The wings could be crisper and I got a bunch of mutant wings (weird shaped and a bunch of broken bones). I'll def be back again but never for the wings.
5	Idk why they are stating it's closed and that should be changed this location is still up and running :/ I will change my review once I get my pizza but I just wanted to make ppl aware that it's not closed
