1	I totally agree with Em C on this one, it should definitely not be considered a hotel.We had two beds and what sounds like a little more space, but the conditions were filthy and the shower practically should have no doors since they achieve absolutely no purpose. I'm glad I only needed a few hours to crash, because if I was spending any time in that room I may have just jumped out the window.The concierge is not always there, and there is no automated building entry system so if you're late, you're screwed. The breakfast? I can't even go there. I felt like I was invading on the concierge's personal breakfast set up. Got my coffee and had breakfast somewhere else!They did have underground parking though, which was nice. However I think it was a shared unit and there were always people in and out (that couldn't all be staying at the "hotel") so I'm not too sure about security.Find another place to stay unless you're looking for a cheap place to crash for a few hours.
3	The last two reviews scared the hell out of me. This was a no more/no less than acceptable place to stay for one or two nights. My sister and I wanted to be close to Crescent st and St. Catherine for a concert, and the hotel was in perfect location, and it was cheap. The website was well done, but the reviews were the only thing throwing me off. My sister and I arrived at 3pm, and were given the opportunity to have a 2 double bed  room instead of a 1 double. We wanted this, but I made sure to ask WHERE the new room was, they said the basement. Thank God I asked. They found a 3rd floor bedroom which was fine. They offered us a parking spot inside their 10 car garage. The fee was included with our stay, as long as we booked the $10 extra 2 double bed room. When we didn't understand them at times, and asked them to repeat themselves, they became a little frustrated, but all in all, customer service was fine. When we got to the room, it was incredibly tiny, even up the stairwell was claustrophobic. And of course, when we got into the bedrooms, we had to check for bed bugs... as much as we could see them anyway. Nothing. Slept perfectly fine, no problems, shower/bathroom/air conditioning and TV was fine. We payed in Canadian cash, right around the corner was an ATM in a little convenience store, and behold a grocery store right across the street. One street away from St. Catherine and a few blocks from Crescent!Despite other reviews from a few years ago, throwing us off, this was a 'fair' place to stay, and a good deal in the city. But make sure you don't let the customer service crew talk you into better rooms, they are all identical, and pricing should never be too high.
3	After reading a few negative reviews on Hotel Le St.-Malo, I was a little spooked before arriving. Here's the scoop: it's a no-frills hotel (no gym, no pool) but it's inexpensive (we booked through Hotwire), clean and located downtown. There's free Wi-Fi, parking ($15/night) and a continental breakfast. The service is just fine.If you're looking for an inexpensive place to stay down, this fits the bill. If you want a "big hotel" experience, you'd be better off staying at the Holiday Inn, Best Western etc.
