3	its just ok. not a-ok. the veggies and everything else are pretty great. Local milk and butter (real farm butter). a nice suprise when in an indian grocery. the to-go mini food bar is my complaint. Tried it out. its 3.99 a pound and it was fine. good amount of veggie options. my big complaint is that the chai tea tasted like cigarretes. It's $1 and Styrofoam plastic cups. Though this place is bigger- koli's still has my heart.
4	I like this store since it is bigger than your usual Indian grocery store. Aisle are narrow like their peer but they have a much bigger selection of grocery and food items than the rest.Staff is friendly too.No Parking is a bit of a pain though.
4	Best all-over Indian grocery in and around town that I've been able to find. They have an extensive section of fruits and vegetables that are hard to find in other grocery shops, a whole wall of freezers packed with a plethora of foods, and aisles of various dry goods. There is also an aisle endcap that houses a large amount of Indian desserts. As previously mentioned by other writers, parking can be tricky at times at this busy intersection.Additionally, this shop has a hot food bar, where the items are supplied from India Garden restaurant. Food is spiced decently--about or just below medium I think. There are consistently 2 meat entrees and 4 veg entrees as well as rice. It is the cheapest meal in town that you can get, coming in at $3.99/lb. Samosas are also available for about $1.
5	A grocery store that mostly sells real food!  You know the basic layout of most grocery stores: the two edges sell real food (produce on one end and dairy/bread/eggs on the other), and then the middle is stuffed with expensive stuff that doesn't really do you right (with the exception of grains, sugar, spices, cooking oil, and such somewhere in the middle).Bombay is my go-to place for just about all of the staples.  They have really great, cheap produce, including delicious things like okra and little eggplants and curry leaves that you can't easily find elsewhere.  They have a whole aisle of affordable spices.  They sell local(ish) dairy products, including really good commercial yogurt.  They have more legumes and nuts and rice than you can shake a stick at--and all for waaaay cheaper than "health" food stores.  Oh, and they sell flax seeds for cheap here, too.The free meal with a purchase of over $30 or $35 or whatever is great, too, but it's seriously hard to spend that much money at Bombay unless you're just buying, like, frozen meals and giant packages of incense.
1	this place is so horrible and I can't believe the rice they sold is mixed with really bad one. And they would never return it and exchange it!!!!
3	A decent and clean Indian store that's close by.  For the most part they have a good selection of Indian staples.  Their fresh produce can be iffy.  You have to go on the right days to get to the fresh veggies, which is on Thursday.  Their products are moderately priced, and the staff is friendly and always helpful.
4	This is super close to work/home for me, so I go there when I'm in a pinch. They have things like milk (which I don't drink, but should be noted), yogurt, some veggies and fruit, and tons of authentic Indian food stuffs (which I LOVE but have no idea how to cook with, Sadness!).They also have a hot food bar that looks a little sketch, but I've never tried it. The place is a little dirty, but cleaner that the backroom at the 2 big box grocery stored that I have worked at, so don't let that put you off, because your GE cereal has seen a floor much dirtier than this one. I wish they had more snacky stuff. I have often wondered in there looking for naan and dip or something, but there is nothing fresh (at least not that I have seen). I realize that my perception is probably swayed by the fact that I don't know what 70% of the stuff is, but it seems like a decent store.
4	This market carries every Indian cooking ingredient that I cooked fathom and more. The store does a good job of providing ingredients for customers or all different cooking levels; that is, Bombay sells products that let you cook from scratch, half-scratch, or just heat up. I also liked the Indian desserts for sale. They have the widest variety that I have found in Pittsburgh, but, without local competition, the dessert prices are a bit steep. The prices of everything else is pretty much on par with the average prices in Pittsburgh. You may actually find a bargain on some varieties of rice and spices.
3	I felt a bit unwelcome walking in to Bombay. The workers were hesitant to move aside for me as I perused the aisles (I do have manners, mind you). I'm not sure if it was because I was obviously not Indian or if they didn't trust me because I had a backpack on. Seeing no one else has mentioned this, I wonder if they were just having an off day?Customer service aside, I was especially impressed with their vast selection of Indian foodstuffs. I was excited over the mango pulp as well as the seemingly endless supply of chutneys. Do check the dates on these things, though. I'm not sure how I feel about the produce either....I will definitely give this market another go, but I still prefer the friendlier, though smaller, Kohli's Indian Imports (which is just down Craig Street).
1	Never seen a worse food store like this... I felt really really unwelcome when coming in and store staff never step aside even i said "excuse me" twice.I told a staff what i need and he lead me around, and then walked away without saying anything!! When I asked again, he pretended not to hear and just did his own business.
1	Okay Bombay mart we know you have wide selection of Indian groceries. It looks nice and food items are pretty fresh. But if the price tag says $1.99 DONT charge me $2.29 for that item. This happens to me a lot but only at Bombay Mart. This is just bad customer service.  So people really need to be careful when you purchase from Bombay mart.
5	Been here a few times and love it! $1.00 samosas... Takes me back to the streets and markets of Delhi.
