3	There are about a trillion (ok, maybe about 5 or so) Rum Runners around town and until just a few weeks ago I'd never set food in any one of them.  And really, I wasn't missing much.It's your typical strip mall bar.  Dark, smokey, TVs showing all different manner of sportscasts.  And, hey, sometimes that's what you want.  Sometimes that's the environment you need.  Usually you've just been dumped or your dog's just died, but that's beside the point.  Awesometastic bonus points: shuffleboard is available (although we couldn't figure out how in the world it was supposed to work and no one wanted to ask the barkeep), there's also shuffleboard bowling which, although ridiculously easy, is worth the 50 cents or whatever, and the cheap-o burgers you can get at the bar.  You fill out a card to build your own burger, give it to a waitress, and sooner than you think you'll have a fresh burger in front of your face for all of $2.25.  Hooray!It took quite some time to get a bartender's attention a few times, although we were drinking some pretty spendy drinks (especially for them, I'm sure.).  Sooner rather than later, we ended up getting a 12 pack and going home.  We had a better time there.
5	Best cheeseburger and onion rings I've had in a long time. Great value too. If you live in Vegas, I'm sure you've eaten here. If you are visiting, venture off the strip and go here!!!
5	Skip The HardrockDim lit bar, $1000 sets of 9-ball in the background, and the jams..or chilling in truck beds with bums and swigging whiskey.According to my chicken scratches on an envelope:Free drinks with $20 electronic poker, juicy wings & tasty beer battered fries (12 different flavors 12 for 5.75)2.95 build your own 1/2 poundernext door there is a kitchen counter that our friend mentioned has "som' down'ome country food" diamond bar tables + 1 valley bar table tilted mirrors on ceiling for aerial view of pool matcheselectronic juke - lots of classic rock and rollJager dispenserstainglass36 cameras, no micros phones25 cent candy machines$5 cigarette machinesarcade games, pin ball, & dartswomen's restroom is cleanmen's restroom is not so clean big parking lot with lots of cool bumsboth plasmas & outdated tvssmokeThis bar is bustling at peak hour but the best time to be here is after the crowd dies down.. for some conversation with greats and weirdos.
5	Best Burgers in town really i think they're better than IN & Out, also great chicken wings, i enjoy the teriyaki wings, the menus are simple and easy to use. the seating isn't fancy so its not a place to take a date.  great prices for great food.
4	The wings with teriyaki sauce is awesome!
5	There isn't much to say about this place but. Smoke Friendly (I try not to smoke) great prices, good food and an overall good time...Visitor or Local make sure you come here!
3	I used to actually go here quite a bit but haven't been going much lately. It's a pretty basic sports bar which is good I guess if you like the Packers. Here's what I like: $2.25 build your own burger, yum! Cheap big beers, yum! They usually have some random $1 Schnapps's shot, yum! Other good food from the Badger Cafe next door, yum! A few unique/old coin operated games, fun! Shuffleboard, fun! Several very nice pool tables, fun! Friendly staff. What's not so good: It's another strip mall bar, ho hum. Usually rather smokey, cough cough. Once in a while there's some dudes in there that are even creepier than me! yuck! If you're not one of the regulars it can take a while to get the bar staff's attention. Overall, check it out, it's nicer than some of the other Rum Runner locations. If you're a Packer Backer the atmosphere during the Packer games is pretty fun.
4	Was looking for place for my visiting parents and spouse to watch the Pack and Vikings play last season (08).  Had a blast for the Packers game even though they (barely) lost.  We sat at the bar and played the machines while watching the game.  Had the halftime burger special and lots of beer.  Just a great, great time and memorable.  My dad loved it: cocktails, the Packers, and gambling all at once!  Woo hoo!  Will definitely go back.
4	Went here after finals to celebrate NOT failing. It was a good time. ALERT: $1.50 Pabst blue ribbon SOLD!!!  I mean lets be honest it isn't worth much more than that anyway. Wings are good, the server is like the nicest lady ever and I liked her alot. I ordered way way more than our group could eat but I ended up eating them later so no waste here. Overall, I would say a solid place. There are few places in town that I would drink, play pool in, use the bathroom AND eat in. This is one. Clean (enough), cheap (very), Jukebox (yes REAL punk rock!!) and food (yes its okay to eat NO food posioning yet) What are you waiting for? lets go. i will even buy the 1st round.
3	This is one of those places that you will never go out of your way for.  But if you're in the neighborhood and you're getting hungry, it'll be one of your first choices depending on your mood.  Best thing about this place: build your own burger.  Yes, nowadays you can do that at other burger joints and create your dream burger, but I'm pretty sure you can't do it for under $5 at those other places.Rum Runner has two sections, a bar and a restaurant.  It's a typical PT's type bar with several flatscreens showing sports, a couple small sized pool tables, video poker at the bar.  I always sit in the restaurant section because there is a wall and a door separating it from the bar area, which means I don't have to deal with smokers while I eat.  It's set up like a diner, with the corresponding old diner waitress serving you.The burgers are slightly above average, but it's the slightly above average burger that *you* created at a value price.  When you sit on the restaurant side, each table has a card with all of the possible ingredients listed in list fashion.  Start at the top, and work your way down, circling the ingredients you want.  Your meal will be around $5, including fries and drink.  Thats just the way it is, with additional toppings either being free or very cheap.  I believe the other side of the card lets you create your own wings, but I haven't done that.If you're nearby and craving greasy food (ie drunk) this place will satisfy your cravings.
4	If you are a Wisconsin transplant here in Vegas, such as my boyfriend and some of his friends, then this is the place to go! Packer fans get pretty nuts and this place is full of fanatics. So.... needless to say, don't ever ever ever come here during football season if you are rooting for the Bears or Vikings. Packers, Badgers, and Brewers fans will run you out. Sports talk aside - cheap drinks, gaming, good bar food, and raffle giveaways made my night!
4	Went there with the coworkers for a birthday. I will start off with the fact that this place is a packer bar...as a vikings fan I was sick to my stomach from all that ugly green and gold but after I got over that...this place kicks ass.They have pool, shuffleboard, darts, golden tee, cheap beer, and some great food. The burgers are cheap and good (burger and fries for under $5) . Everything the group ordered was prepped quickly and looked amazing. They have a good selection of beer, and a well stocked bar. The staff was friendly and my glass was never empty.I will probably not go out of my way to go to this place (packers suck), but if I'm around campus and looking for a cheap burger or a cold beer, I will duck in.
4	I really enjoyed this place. My friends and I were looking for a relaxed place to just sit, chat and have a few drinks on a Friday night. We found a great spot away from the bar and settled in for the night. The place was quite lively and full, but it wasn't overly crowded or loud. What a great balance.The service was excellent, they were quick and helpful and always ready with refills for whatever we were drinking and the drinks were cheap, bonus points!When we started getting a little hungry our waitress was quick to grab a food server to help us out. I have to say all the beer battered yummyness was pretty fantastic. Piping hot and fresh out of the fryer. The food was cheap as well, double bonus points!All in all great experience, we'll definitely be back!
4	I used to go here all the time, I still do from time to time. The service there is always great and very nice. Love the burgers and wings and definitely the cheap drinks! Good place to chill after a hard day of work. =)
1	The Good: It's cheap and it wasn't on fire when I went. Also apparently shuffleboard?The Bad: Everything else. No food available when I went. The beer list is shameful. For a bar that prides itself on being a Packer bar, and as a result a sports bar, there were shamefully few televisions. Did I mention their version of a craft brew is Michelob Amberbock? And the bartender stared at me as I filled out my tip receipt. Don't stare at me Mr. Bartender, leave me to judge you in peace.  There was no service that was not the bartender. I did not like it here.Avoid.
5	I don't drink, gamble, or smoke.  I'm a stick in the mud.  That said, I like the Rum Runner Lounge.  I also happen to LOVE the Badger Cafe, which is attached to it.  So this is like a package deal to me.The atmosphere is always so chill.  Not in a bad way, like you'll be drinking with grandpa or something.  It's just not wild and crazy like a few places we've been, which is a plus in my book.  The people here seem insanely normal.  It's a good place to get some grub, shoot some pool, and just chill out.  If you see a very nerdy looking guy holding a frou-frou drink and playing some foosball, you've spotted my fiance.  Feel free to come say hello and harangue him about his lady drink ;)
5	For real they have had one of the best burgers for years i love this place a little far from home so i don't get to visit often but when i do I'm never disappointed
5	We landed at the AIrport one hour before Packer-St. Louis Rams Football game.   My son and I chose to watch the Packer Game before we went to the strip at one of the Sportsbook Places.   Were we glad we took the Packer Bar approach.  I felt like I was in Green Bay with all the Green and Gold around us.  The bar was loaded with TVs, and more important beloved Packer Fans.  The hospitality of the owners, the friendliness of the customers (Packer FANATICs) wanted me to go out there again and watch this week's game.  If you are in Vegas, I would strongly recommend watching our beloved Packers here.  Brats were served at halftime.  Food and the PBR was really really good.  This place rocks.  If you love the Packers this is a great place to enjoy the camaraderie.
5	Hands down one of my favorite dive bars in Las Vegas!!!!!! I have been here a few times with my coworkers and have had such a blast.  They have pool tables, foosball tables and shuffle boards. Along with a jukebox that has music galore!!!  The food is pretty delicious from the Badger Cafe, always got to eat a french fry with every drink....!!! DRINKS ARE SUPERRRRRRRR CHEAP!  Where else can you go and get a vodka cran for $3........say what!  Yes I said it, $3!  Most drinks are $3-$6, cant get better then that!  The staff here is great.  They usually have 2 bartenders so sometimes it takes a little bit longer on busy nights to get your drinks, but they are so nice.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a fun night out with friends, or just looking to grab a drink with a friend.
4	I've always loved this joint! I really hate the way I wreak of smoke when I leave, but it's to be expected...Would be cool if there was another shuffle board table as it can get BACKED UP some nights. (I will admit me and my friends have been known to over run it from time to time but we are never rude!) They also have foosball, pool tables. Service, food and prices are always right on. Always a damn good time, well from what I can remember.
5	So. Being a Packer fan I used Yelp to help me find this place. It's on the other side of town from where I live but I don't mind the drive.  I have been coming here since week one of the 2012 football season and plan on coming back. Katie always takes care of me and does a wonderful job. The owners are visible and friendly. Overall just a great place. As for the food they make a great burger. Also there is something about their fries. They are awesome! Plus $3 mugs of beer during the games. Tough to beat that.
4	I've been coming to the Rum Runner for a few years now. Almost once a week. I used to come here several times a week, but apparently the word's getting out that this is the place to go for some reason. I wouldn't go that far, but it's still a really cool  place to hangout if live on the South East side. Typical experience: dark, smoky, lots of sports going on big screen TVs at all times, and hustlers playing pool. A lot of people who come to this bar are Wisconsin transplants or tourists (so hoping you're not from Minnesota) this is actually pretty welcoming. Don't be surprised if a drunk falls into you. That's how they roll out there apparently. I've never seen a hobo in this bar (which is good for this area). I've seen them passed out on Tropicana around there, but at least 200 yards away from this establishment. The atmosphere can get really intense during Wisconsin college games to freaking nuts during Packers games - which makes it kind of cool. You can get a lot of great food from the built-in diner (The Badger Cafe). Lots of Wisconsin fare - cheese curds, Johnsonville Brats, etc. are the norm.  Which is pretty awesome and hard to find around these parts. You can also eat at the bar. I like to eat at the bar because you can get 25 oz PBR drafts for $3 anytime. Which can't be beat in Vegas. The staff is basically very friendly whenever I go there. Sure, you'll run into a scumbag or two when hanging out at the bar, but (at least) that's why I like to go there. It's diverse.
4	I probably should give this bar 5 stars because it's essentially one and the same with Badger Cafe. Heck, it's the same thing for the most part and it should be one and the same. This is a strong 4.5 stars for a sports bar. I come here with my coworker even though we both aren't from Wisconsin (Michigan and Minnesota) but it's a great bar. The appeal of this place is very similar to Badger Cafe, lots of Packer Fans and Wisconsites come here to watch Packers game and other home town related games as well. It gets completely nut! I don't live to far from here but it's my go-to bar.  They have the occasional drink special (Last week 2 dollar shots) but you can't beat the $3 tall PBR. It's the stable of this place. The bartenders are quick, friendly and fast.Everyone who shows up there is pretty much from the Midwest, so for me it's like a home away from home.  Beards as far as the eye can see. I hear once or twice a week there is normally some sort of fight or scene that happens, I keep missing out.They upgraded most of their bar a few months ago. Massive widescreen TV's around the bar as well as darts, shuffleboard and pool tables with arcade games to keep you entertained.There have been times where I sit down and people just hover over me nearly sitting on my lap because of how packed it can get, as well as there have been times where I almost trip over sleeping hobo's outside. But for me that's part of the charm.On top of that, with Badger Cafe bringing food to you, it's a damn good bar. I probably wouldn't want to wear my Lions Jersey there anytime soon.
3	This place is a cool hangout after work. I like the atmosphere and the huge tvs at the bar my negatives about this place is the food. I ordered the 3.99 hamburger. This had to be possibly the worst burger i had in my life. The meat was absolutely dry, they advertise that the burgers are never frozen, i believe they are par cooked and then reheated. First off my 1/2 lb burger came out in like 5 minutes, and was well done. That cant be possible without the use of a microwave, and if it was freshly cooked it should still be juicy even if it is well done ( i ordered med well btw).  The price was cheap, you get what you pay for. The only saving grace about this place is the bartender Melissa, shes super friendly not to mention gorgeous. I woukd frequent this place for their friendly service and atmosphere but not the food
5	I don't normally do bars, but this one is amazing. I went on a friday night, and it was lively, but not elbow's in your back crowded. The food, as mentioned elsewhere, is amazing, on par with some of the best burgers I've ever eaten.  They did recently raise their price, although 4.99 for a base is still darn good. The waitress was quick and remembered who ordered what with only some minor corrections, due to a seat shuffle when she was gone. The bartender who served me made one of the best gin & tonics I've had in a sports bar, quickly, and it wasn't an outrageous price. If I didn't limit myself to one drink, I'd definitely have more. I didn't play the pool tables there (or do much other than eat and converse with co-workers), but they were in constant motion. Pool players should have no problem with finding a fun game.
4	It's Packer season and that means it's time to visit a Packers bar here in Vegas.  I was meeting a bunch of friends here to watch the Packers play the Bengals.  I was excited because I didn't get the opportunity to visit this place last season so today was the day!This specific location is on the corner of Tropicana and Spencer.  It's in a typical strip mall, by the Pinball Hall of Fame and Goodtimes bar.  This location includes foozball, shuffle board, pool and more.  For the Packer game, they moved all games on the side and set up a lot of tables and chairs, since this bar was about to get filled up and boy did it!  Just a huge sea of Packers jerseys and WI natives.  I was excited.  The servers were in referee outfits, seemed really nice!  We ordered a huge beer spout for only $16.  Filled with Bud Light, it was capable of having about 10 beers in each.  What a steal!On top of that, the Rum Runner is attached to the Badger Cafe, so we could order food as well.  For starters, we got the cheese curds for $4.99 and the Badger Bites for around $5.  The cheese curds were super delicious, I wouldn't expect any less!  Light batter and really flavorful curds.  YUM if you like cheese.  The Badger Bites were little smokies, sliced jalapenos wrapped and fried in a won ton wrapper.  This dish was also very good.  I love the jalapeno, which definitely brought a punch.  The dipping sauce was also on point.  For my meal, I wanted breakfast, so I got the ham and cheese omelet for $5.99.  I chose to substitute my toast for a half order biscuits and gravy.  The omelet was big, small chunks of ham and what looked like Kraft single cheese on the top.  Served with hash browns.  It was alright, nothing really good or bad.  I was content.  The biscuits and gravy were not that good.  The gravy seemed pretty cold and didn't have your typical sausage flavor.  A little bland than what I prefer.  Overall, really great experience, although we didn't win.  I'll definitely be back for another game.  It's nice to be in a bar with a lot of great vibes from other Packer fans.  Thanks Rum Runner!!!
2	I'm writing this review because I had a TERRIBLE experience at this place Sunday October 20th. Went there for a Packer game(as always) and I ordered food and they said it would be awhile. I checked on my food 4 times(within 4 hours) with them (the cafe attached to Rum Runner) they WOULD NOT BRING ME MY FOOD! After checking with them 4 times to see what was up they told me it would be another ten minutes and by the end of the game still nothing. I asked them why they didn't want to give me the food I ordered, they said they lost the food ticket. I said, nope I was just in here an hour ago (the third time) and they said they still have it and they are working on my order. Everyone at my table thought it was funny because maybe they didn't like me? (maybe it had something to do with the tattoos and me being the youngest one in there. (33years old) I'm not sure why they didn't want to make the food I requested? A man said don't feel bad, because he had ordered potato chips and 4 1/2 hours later, he didn't get them either?? On top of that I ordered a beer from a waitress and 2 hours later, still NOTHING!!! IT WAS BUSY, YES, BUT GET MORE WAITRESSES OR SOMETHING, OR GET ONES THAT CAN DO THE JOB!!!! GREAT PACKER BAR WITH TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE OR SERVICE IN GENERAL. TOOK MY ORDER, AND I DIDNT GET ANYTHING OTHER THAN - SORRY ABOUT THAT...
2	I was very excited to go to this packers bar during the game, but I came back truly disappointed. The bar has a lot of things going for, affordable drinks/food  and good quality tvs. My main issue was with the server Amber. I dont think I ever had such a bad service in my whole life.  We saw she was having issues with the people sitting on our right when she forgot to bring their brats. Then the people on the left side had issues with her because she lost their order and Of course we were not the exception. We placed our order and our burger came back without the guacamole even though we were charged with it. We were still waiting for our chicken wings, but they never arrived. When we asked her about it she was very rude and told us that she didn't see the back of the order sheet. She then told us she was going to put in the order for us. We waited for 40 minutes and she came back telling us that she decided not to serve us food because we had issues with her. Everyone around us was shocked to learn this because they were all witnesses of the poor service she provided. We raised our concerns with an older gentlemen but I'm not sure if they really cared!! It's sad to have such a bad experience at this bar because not everyone was this way. However, after talking to some loyal customers they mentioned that they always had a terrible experience with this individual.. If this is the case i'mSurprise management have not done anything about it! Eventually people will get tired of this!
5	We were here for superbowl 2014.  We own a decent timeshare on Tropicana.  We love some of the "nice" places, but so tired of the over priced places, and fake people pretending they have money.  We come here twice a year or so.  Sometimes business, sometimes to bring relatives or friends, and sometimes, just for the hell of it.  Just spent another 4 day wknd here and wanted to find  nice "Locals" kind of place.  One with good yet reasonably priced food.  I love finding the places that the locals go to.  Love locally owned, or mom and pop places.  I searched on yelp, trip advisors, etc... this was one of 3-4 places we drove around to check out what they had to offer for Superbowl that wasn't some kind of crazy "party"  Tired of these paces you pay a fee for "all you can eat or drink", etc etc etc...  This place had no gimmick.  and.. they were attached to a great little restaurant. Great food!!!  Great prices!!  and the bar is large with many things to do.. pool, darts, games, etc etc.  The people were GREAT. The staff was AMAZING!!!  And after eating all day while there... on top of the free food they offered... then giving out a bunch of free promotional T-Shirts... I was absolutely amazed, and overwhelmed by such a great place.  I even ordered additional food to take home with us because I loved it so much, (even though I was so full I felt I was waddling out of ther!)  You gotta try the "blackened wings"... They are amazing.  And if the smell of the burgers from the parking lot doesn't draw you in....  Well you're crazy.  The burgers are fantastic.. and very reasonably priced!!Do yourself a favor while in Vegas...  GO TO RUM RUNNERS!!  It's wonderful!!!   Thank you staff.   Thank you Shannon!!
4	First let me clarify that this review is for the food side of Rum Runner- NOT the bar side. I love this place. I've seen all different people eating here- young, old, teenagers, families, groups of friends, businessmen- so many. When a place can appeal to so many different people and their tastes, it is a very very good thing.I'll be honest, I haven't been very adventurous here. I've only tried... maybe 4 things on the menu. When I come here, I only really come here for two things:Wings. and Burgers.They have a flavor of the month sauce- always interesting, mostly good. Though I usually stick to teriyaki (my favorite) and get the wings blackened. They're usually pretty good about this... you mark teriyaki and blackened and they will do all the wings like this- dipped in sauce and then blackened. Though recently they served us a plate with 3 blackened wings and 3 teriyaki. I was kind of put off by it but I was hungry and the server was kind of... loud anyway so I just shrugged and ate my food. I would surely clarify in the future though.The burgers are delicious. I think its now $4.99 to build your own burger. They have allllll the toppings- bacon, grilled onion, pickles, thousand island, fried egg, etc. All they need is to add some avocado (not guacamole- very different) and they'll be set! Being from california I tend to be a little picky about my burgers. A good burger to me is a diner style burger with the bacon and avocado deliciousness- and while this isn't Pauls Place or Angelos, its about as close to home as I've found so far. Ps. Since this is connected with the bar you can order coke with grenadine (cherry coke) and it is much more delicious than that generic spray stuff.
5	Out of the way from where I was staying and from most everything else, but I'm glad I made the trip.  Such a random place to find out the secret to Louisiana collared greens.Awesome service.  I asked for what was cheap, and Shannon the bartender said PBR's were $3.50, so I was beyond surprised when she brought out a 32 ounce mug.  Needless to say, I had several of those.I really only hung out at the bar, but they have plenty of pool tables and at least a couple dart boards.  A big money pool tournament broke out about 1 am the night I went, but I didn't play.It was mainly guys, but there were a couple cute girls there.  The people I shot the shit with were pretty cool.  I happened to meet the lead singer of Otis Day and The Knights from Animal House.  (At first, I actually thought it was Charlie Murphy...  LOL)  Also, I wouldn't have believed it without the iPhone pictures I saw, but Coolio (of all people) goes to Rum Runner when he's in town.
5	The rum runner burgers are awesome. everything they make really is delicious. On some weekends my family and i like to meet up there and enjoy some delicious food. we kept the tradition strong since 2011, constantly meeting up there at least twice a month.
1	They don't take care of the league players at all. No practice table. Stuck listening to the radio. Staff was not pleasant
5	Great burgers way cheap, awesome wings, and a full menu of additional offerings. I simply do the burger there because they are the bomb and a fantastic value.If you play pool, there are some of the best players in Vegas at the RR. If you play the machines, it's the typical routine, but they have a slot club that gives you free money during your first session, and there are bonuses after that.There's a drawing every hour for slot players where you can win anywhere from five bucks to ten thousand...it's something for nothing, and I'll take that anytime.Ice cold beer on draft and a great environment to watch sports with numerous big screens close to the bar stools. Great service in the evenings when certain people are behind the bar, ice cold a/c...to me it's what a locals Vegas sports bar should be.
4	The exterior is not promising. What you see is the name largely written on a windowless wall, in what appears to be a small space in a strip mall. Once inside however, it's huge. The interior has most of the standard features - high bar stools, slots built into the bar, and pool tables. The crowd is older, but fun. We didn't step of the standard platform when ordering drinks, so I really can't speak to bartenders mixing abilities. The service and energy of the place is what earns the stars. It's more fun that you'd expect.
2	So I'm not use to do bad reviews but... We have always excellent times in rum runner the bartender Darryl is a great guy ! But the last time of we been there order 2 simple stuff and I indicate the girl to take the food orders "no tomato in my good I have allergy to that"  my food quesadilla and fries come 35 minutes after quesadillas full of tomato... And her just take the food and leave don't let me any time to request a change or anything! I love the place as bar but the food service sucks! The picture of I place there are of other visit because we go all time there :/
4	Good ol Rum Runner aka The Badger Cafe!!! Me and my wife love this place, and have been frequent customers since 2009. Its a low key bar for Packer fans(blah), located in the Central section off Eastern and Trop. They serve alot of different bar food varieties and tend to mainly locals. I wouldnt know anything about any of the food on their menu besides the popular Build Your Own Burger. Now a couple years back, it use to only be $3.99 w/most of the toppings for free and .75 cent fries. Fast foward to 2014, and similar to gas, prices have rised. It's now $4.99 still most of the toppings are free, however cheese and fries are both $1.00 even. I would always get one with all the free toppings(onions, grilled onions, lettuce, mayo, 1000 island and pickles), bacon and swiss(f*ckin delicious). My wifey would get the same except she would add avacado and tomato for an additional .75 cents each. Back in 09', our total would come out to a lil under $13 bucks. Now 2 weeks ago, we came here and we got the same thing(minus the bacon) and the amount came out to $16.85 to be exact!! Also, wifey always orders hers medium rare and I order medium well, both burgers were well done. A lil bit to well done and a bit on the overcooked side. Nonetheless, aside from the slight rise in the prices and this one hiccup, they have been pretty consistent over the 5 years we've been going to them. Even with the rise in pricing, this burger still beats ANY and EVERY fast food joint in town(not named In-N-Out). Love em and cant wait till the next visit.
4	Great place for good cheap drink and friendly bartender are always helpful. if like to play pool. pool tables are $1.00 to play and some are $.50 lol depends which one you play on.the restruant makes awesome Chicken wings and burgers to go with your alcohol.
1	I'm a regular at the other location. I stopped by this one for the first time. The bartenders were very nice. The older manager \owner was a complete jerk. I've never been treated or treated a customer so rudely before.  There are so many other bars in town, go somewhere else.
4	Glad this place is still around.  Haven't been there recently, but this was a great spot to stop at after work for a beer and a burger.  I think they were under $5 with fries and beers were cheap as hell.  Quarter pool.  Good times. Nothing fancy.
1	Three strikes and they're out for me. First bar I been to where I need to chase the bartender for service even when business is SLOW.  Was just there and waited almost 10 minutes without even a "hello, ill be right with you" That place will never get a dime from me again and I will be sure to inform EVERYONE who wants to go to a good bar that this place is NOT the place to go.
5	Great place!! The build your own burgers are amazing!! Beer and burger after work... Perfect spot!!
5	i love this bar. period =)
