4	I love the Town and Country. Theres only one problem with it. It has hardly anyhting there. Everythings pretty much gone. It all started when the movie theatre left and everything pretty much followed. I don't see why noone want to go in there since is such a lovely place. Poor town and country...*sniffle*
2	I remember spending an obscene amount of time at Town & Country when I was in highschool, whether it was loitering around Jutenhoops or sitting on a bench...I thought the ambience was so charming. Very sad that nothing is there anymore.
3	It's unfair to review this mall on what it was - since it no longer is (and what it is isn't as good as what it was). It's also unfair to review this on what it will be - since it isn't that yet. Today, it's a mall I rarely visit. Apart from a few stores I would visit out of convenience or necessity, there's not much to offer compared to what it used to have. The fantastic movie theater, Jutenhoops, Alpine Ski Keller, Bear Cover, and even Ed Debevics are all long gone... oops, there I go bringing up the past. Seriously though, these were painful to lose - one by one.So today, there's a Linens 'n' Things which is hardly unique, and a Trader Joe's which is nice to have in the area, and also a Sister's Attic and Closet upscale thrift stores which add a bit of much-needed flavor. The Chili's, the Bookstar, and Black Angus are still around. So is the jewelry store that has never really offered a compelling reason to enter. They've wedged an LA Fitness here and they've also added a Blimpie and an Arby's... all very healthy choices. Besides all of the generic shops and eateries and standard offerings, there's still a few unique experiences - though nothing like it used to... shit, there I go again. Anyway, so there's a few places that aren't screaming "standard mall" such as Pita Grill, a pipe and tobacco shoppe (you have to spell it that way in this case), a place to get eyewear, and some other small and uninteresting businesses. In that sense, I suppose this is has become a decent and convenient neighborhood strip mall. This is a shame really since it's lacking most of the key elements that made it really special. It's still a beautiful outdoor mall and the architecture alone makes it a unique alternative to the cookie-cutter malls that strategically litter the landscape of America. I'm worried about what they'll do to the architecture when they renovate this place someday, but I think the fact that this mall isn't terribly interesting anymore in general means it won't be so terribly missed when they lose that last remaining bit of "special."
3	The set-up of this shopping area is nice with a Spanish motif and a nice big fountain to greet you at the entrance.  The stores at this outdoor shopping center include a range of retail shops and restaurants like Trader Joe's, Black Angus and Bookstar.  There's also a Courtyard Marriott located inside the center so if you are a guest at the hotel, you have a spot to walk around and you won't get bored.While this isn't a typical "mall" sort of shopping area, they do have some good stores you can walk through and since I'm big fan of Trader Joes, that's a huge plus!
5	While it's not quite the upscale retail that the Biltmore touts just down the road about a mile and there's no movie theater to speak of, two of my favorite spots in Central Phoenix are located here. Nordstrom's Rack and Cypress Grill. Town and Country has stepped it up with a new expansion. They've now added to their quiver a Nordstroms Rack, Five Guys Burgers, Potbelly Sandwiches and Cafe Rio. Well Suited, their 'My Sister's Closet' men's shop, has been added, replacing My Sister's Attic, their second hand furniture store. Aside from bargain shopping at Nordstrom's rack, I do enjoy visiting Cafe Rio on Tuesdays for $1.75 tacos all day long. If that doesn't tempt you, Bianco just might. His newly re-branded Italian Restaurant Tratoria Bianco and Pizzeria Bianco might just get you to swing by.I tip my hat to you Town and Country, I'm gonna show you some 5 star love - cause I like you so much. I used to only swing by when I needed a thing or two from Trader Joes, had a hankering for an awesome Gyros from Cypress Grill, or wanted to stare in awe of the gym rats coming out of the LA Fitness - I still want to know just how do I get my abs to look like that? I'm guessing less froyo from Yogurtology would be a start, but that would be a sacrilege - let's not speak of that again, ever. Now you can find me here for shopping and dining more often than ever before.Happy Yelping Phoenix.
1	I was disgusted this morning to drive by and see a Whole Foods being put in this center just down the way from Trader Joe's.  Shame on Town & Country for even allowing this and shame on Whole Foods for such an underhanded move.  Wrong.
4	This place is pretty cool, old school style mall (open air), pretty large if you walk the whole place, many shaded areas to relax and people watch.Plenty of parking. They have restaurants, trader joes & a lot of smaller boutiques to choose from.Stop by & check it out.
