5	I recently moved and couldn't find a good alterations place near my new house, so I did a Google map search for something near my office and Narmin's popped up.  It's too bad I didn't find her sooner! I stopped in on a late Friday afternoon.  Narmin was busy working on an item (of course) but was friendly and welcomed me right away.  I only needed two pairs of jeans hemmed and I'm pretty picky about this kind of thing.  She was patient and made sure she'd pinned them exactly to the length I wanted...no rushing me out the door.  I then asked whether I could have the jeans back by the following Wednesday.  She said it would be no problem to have them done by the next day, and no extra charge!    Even though I said Wednesday would be fine, since I wasn't expecting to be back in the area until then, she called by about noon on Saturday to let me know it was complete.The jeans look great and turned out exactly as expected.  To top it off, Narmin's prices are very reasonable - the jeans were $10 per pair (and no extra charge to keep original edge).
5	I needed some jeans hemmed and found Narmin's after searching Yelp. She had one great review so I gave her a try. i was very happy with the quality of service and reasonable prices. While I only had jeans hemmed, she gave me a price list for all of here services. She does everything from replacing zippers to altering suits and coats. I will definitely come back again.
1	I brought several articles of clothing here after reading these excellent reviews. Most only needed to be hemmed a few inches, but I also needed a suit to be taken in 1-2 sizes. The clothes were ready within 5 days and the total cost was very reasonable. But when I looked closely at my suit pants, the waistband and seat were pieced back together very poorly. The only way I can describe it is that the fabric is very puckered on the waistband and there is a lot of excess fabric in the seat area that looks terrible. And for some unknown reason, one of the belt loops has a very sharp corner and poked into my side when I walked around in the pants. The suit jacket is also still too big. I thought about bringing both items back to be fixed but honestly I was too apprehensive given how poorly the pants were done. I only have 1 year of high school sewing class experience, and even I would not have been satisfied with leaving pants in that condition. It seems like the alteration was rushed. Even though the service was very quick and reasonably priced, I would not go back. Now I have to pay someone else to fix my suit, which adds to the overall cost and hassle.
5	After a good experience having some jeans hemmed here, I took some drapes to Narmin for hemming. Again, I was  very satisfied with the quality of work, the quick turn around time, and the reasonable prices.
