4	I believe that like the Orchard, the Gilcrease Bird Sanctuary is somewhat of a labor of love by it's owners. Yes, it could use a little TLC, but the basic premise of having an animal sanctuary in NW Vegas is something I'm thrilled about. From what I know, they are a non profit organization, who adopt homeless animals and work towards readopting them. In addition to all of the birds, there are various other animals including goats, llamas, burros, and ostriches.
4	I am a Gilcrease Bird Sanctuary Fan! I have been bringing my kids here for the last 4 years. It is a small quaint escape to a place where Las Vegas children can see animals from horses, pigs, llamas, and donkeys, to exotic birds of many kinds. The sanctuary suffered a fire this last year which destroyed some of its buildings. The organization is still there and actually working on outreach to make the park bigger and better for valley families. Don't miss the art festival in April which always offers unique crafts and booths from local animal rescue organizations. Well worth the $5 per grown up and $1 per child admission. Plus bring either your own food for the animals or quarters to buy from the machines.
5	Attention cheesy karaoke fans and those who love to sing in the shower: no matter how off-key your warbling, there is an audience that wants to hear from YOU! And they won't laugh or throw beer cans at you, either!I'm talking about the hundreds of birds at the Gilcrease Bird Sanctuary. Most of these parrots, macaws and other exotics were donated or abandoned by long-time owners, and they are lonely and starving for human company. They love nothing more than having some random wannabe come up to their cages and sing to them. Seriously! On my two visits to this awesome place, I crooned endless Doris Day and Bing Crosby songs to a rapt audience of caged birds who cocked their heads, fixed their beady little eyes on me, and started bobbing up and down! It was a win-win -- I got to indulge my inner pop diva, and the birds dug the attention. I came away from the sanctuary feeling totally re-energized and fortified against the ugliness in life: f*ck the haters; the birds dig me!Aside from the birds, Gilcrease also has a collection of farmy-type petting zoo animals including pigs, goats, deer, ostriches, peacocks and chickens, as well as a duck pond. It's a fun place to spend an hour or three, and you'll feel like you did something good! Bonus: on the way back to the freeway, you pass Retro Bakery, which makes these big obscene gourmet cupcakes. YUM!
4	As a mother of a toddler, I am always on the hunt for fun, low-cost family outings in Las Vegas.  I am so glad I saw an advertisement for an "arts and crafts" festival at Glicrease.  I would not have stumbled upon it otherwise.   Warning: It isn't fancy or fully developed, but this was actually quite refreshing.  In fact, some areas are still under construction.  After spending a lot of time on the Strip and the lights, crowds, and constant stimulation- it was so nice to go somewhere that was peaceful and serene.  It is far from quiet, as there are so many types of birds squawking, talking, and chirping.  There are also goats that you can feed, ostriches, emus, llamas, horses, pigs, and peacocks.  There is plenty of shade and a nice grassy area that is perfect for a picnic.  My daughter and I spent an hour and a half there, and we will definitely be back.  As long as you don't have high expectations of it being like San Diego Zoo or Wild Animal Park, but rather just a quaint little sanctuary- you will be more than pleased. I came on a weekend when the entrance fee was free, but regularly admission is a $5 donation for adults.
4	If you go on a good Spring day, not too hot, not too cold, this place is lovely.It's a very nice nature walk filled with all sort of birds and animals.  The pathways are nice, as are the staff and volunteers.  I went here after hearing some good things about the place, and the positivity is justified.  It's the sort of place where you could could just sit in their little park area with a book and while away some time.  I don't know if they allow food inside, but it would make for an excellent picnic spot.It's bigger than it looks, and with the exception of some of the more jungle-type animals, it seems more diverse than the zoo that is in town.  The place caught fire some months back, but the damage is gone, and apparently the animals are all well on the mend.You can apparently even adopt some of the animals with a donation and the promise of a good home.  I am set on adopting a chicken so I can have it run around and eat bugs, but also because I want to be "that guy" in my neighborhood.  You know, the guy who randomly owns a chicken on the block.  We all have dreams, and this is mine.Finding it is a little off the beaten path, but I am somewhat entranced by the place.  Besides, it seems like everything done here is for a good cause, and I find myself in support of what they are working to do.I like it.  Quite a bit, actually.
5	Great place to bring your kids! They have dozens of breeds of rescued parrots including cockatoos, macaws, lovebirds, African greys, cockatiels and parakeets. There are chickens wandering around and a big pond full of ducks and other waterfowl. If you're a bird lover, this is the place to go. For years Gilcrease was one of the few places you could bring abandoned birds of any breed. The parrots (cockatoos especially) love it when you pay attention to them and talk to them; one of them loves to say "What's the matter?" over and over to you! We spent hours walking around talking to each parrot and they loved it. The hardest part was leaving.
5	It only takes one visit to fall in love with this place. The sanctuary is open  from 9am to 4pm 7 days a week. $5 for adults, $4 for seniors, $1 for kids.They have a large number birds, goats you can feed, miniature horses, a deer, emus, ostriches and other animals as well.I could spend hours talking, singing, and playing with these birds.. Definitely a hidden gem in vegas, and worth supporting.
5	We had the time of our lives there !!!!! Tom the friendly guide there told us all about what the park does & all about the animals ! Plus we are veterans & so was he & another guy ! (Good on Gilcrease for employing Vets ) We sang to the birds (we were laughing at ourselves).  The Cockatoos were yelling & whistling !! We fed everything we were allowed to, Swans, Ducks Geese ! Even a very rare black swan !The Pot Belly Pigs were friendly.  As well as the Turkey that came over to my side of the cage to holler at me !2 Mini horses & an elderly donkey that is (i believe) 34 years old !!We had the time of our lives.  Im going back next week !!!!!!!!
5	I love this place. It's not fancy and does have areas still under construction but it's come a long way since the first few times I had gone. People will give this place a lot of gripe but they provide a home to many animals who have been abandoned or given away and they do the best they can to provide a safe and loving home for them. A lot of the parrots want nothing more than for you to talk to and play with them; they also have a pond for water fowl and yes, you can feed them. Gilcrease is also home to other animals- all of which are in good health. I have nothing bad to say about this place.
4	Just like at the Farm on Grand Teton, I witnessed most the people come in here, enjoy the environment, take lot of pictures, and leave without leaving a donation. Today I saw this guy pretend that he threw money into the donation bucket, but you could clearly see that there was no money in his hand. They have a 15 year old cat that has cataracts in both eyes. It's really nice and friendly. Though, I have never seen such a beaten up looking cat.The burrow they have here is really affectionate, but most all burrows are like that. The wild burrows at Blue Diamond Park will eat from your hand and lay down next to you, but the locals in that area always call the cops if you feed them. Here you don't have to worry about that.They got a Mule Deer.  Where else in LV can you pet and feed a large deer. There is a bunch of those parrots that imitate things that you say. They also have this parrot that they trained to say hello to every single person who walks into the area he is sitting at. What sucks is that he won't say hello twice to the same person. The Koi pond is really dirty and you can't even see the fish because of how murky the water is. The duck area smells extremely bad. I spend a lot of time on farms, but that was excessive. At the Farm on Grand Teton you can actually pick up and touch the tortoises, here you gotta just watch from a distance. And I can't believe that they mislabeled the tortoises as turtles. Also at the Farm, they got one of those gigantic tortoises that weights over 100lbs and loves being touched. Here, they don't seem to have anything like that.There were many big beautiful swans but there were pissed for some reason. They kept hissing at me. The man working here is very interesting and is always happy to tell you about the history behind the Gilcrease properties. He is actually the most entertaining part of the sanctuary. Personally, I like going to the Farm better than coming here. At the Farm, the animals are much more affectionate and social. They literally fight for your attention, and many of the animals follow you out the door when you are trying to leave. I guess the only advantage that this place has over the farm is that it is open 7 days a week, while the farm is only open on the weekends. I still think this place is a good place to spend the day. It's good for what it is.
5	You get 5 stars for serving your purpose and not trying to do more than you need to (like Jack-in-the Box's menu off 2000 items)I appreciate that they ownership specifies that the animals are taken care of. The reason why I give this place 5 stars is because it is great for kids and it allows them to get personal interaction with animals for a very good price. I didn't know this place existed but I'm glad that its here.
5	Wow! This place has heart & they shouldn't be attacked for their efforts. It's not the Taj Mahal by any means: it's a safe haven for abused, unwanted, or "once upon a time" neglected animals....Now, with that being said, the sanctuary can't run on love alone. They need funds to keep it a float and instead of being negative & complaining-maybe you should make a difference; get involved & do something further to help improve the needs of these cast-away creatures & your community. I recently moved here a few months ago & have visited the wildlife rescue a few times. The very small handful of volunteers they do have work hard (giving their blood, sweat, & tears) with no profit to be made. I applaude them.. Maybe the ponds are discolored, some birds plucked their feathers due to stress & the pigs have a fowl odor, but simply ask the question, "if there's something you can do to help?" I have donated funds, toys, & simple items to the santurary in the past & next will be my TIME! Like all successful non-profit organizations; passionate volunteers & charitable contributions are the HEARTBEAT to any animal welfare group. Keep up the good work! I found the animals to be cared for in the best conditions they could be-with the "means" you have to work with... May you be blessed with motivation to continue & the resources to meet those needs! Thank you for simply giving a damn.. not to mention: I love your antique burros, stray blind cat, and your birds that poop & talk with attitude!
5	What an awesome place this is.We (adults) were charged $5 per person for admission and we didn't mind at all. What a cheap price to help such a neat place.There were tons and tons of ducks. The pond was so cool! They had exotic birds, they had turtles and burros. Near the pond we saw tons and tons of eggs just lying there it was a cool scenery to see.I loved feeling like I was out of the "city" for a bit. The people there were very friendly. They have a wish list of things they need on a constant basis. We brought empty toilet paper and paper towel rolls I mean come on we all use those things so why not save the empty rolls and drop them off even if you don't plan to go inside. They also need real pine cones so next time you are up at Mt. Charleston why not pick some up and collect them in a bag to donate to them.I recommend everyone experience this place at least once and try and donate what you can!
5	Great place to see all different types of birds and some other animals. They take wonderful care of their animals here at the sanctuary and it's a great learning experience for kids too!
4	I have driven past it many times. So I talked my wife and the boys to go. Not disappointed! It could been better. But it was still fun. I love parrots! They had only a few molters but considering the season I was expecting more! The boys had fun, and no bitten fingers! But if there was I would blame my child not the owner! Lots of chickens! I should of asked for eggs! Had a fun. Time and we will probably go again! Thanx!Btw the prices are 5.00 adult, 1.00 for out 12 yr old, and free for my 4yr old.
4	This is a great place to bring the kids to especially if you live in Las Vegas!  Not only are the employees very hospitable but there are many different types of animals to see.  They have a pond filled with gold fish, the entrance adorned with so many different species of birds, and a petting zoo to feed the goats.  As you continue to walk through the mini zoo, you will be amazed as you encounter ostriches, emus, llamas, deer, turkey, swans, mini ponies, and so much more.  The price is extremely economical and although it might a drive to get there, it is definitely worth it!
4	I have always loved this place since I was a kid. They use to take in pretty much any animal that needed help- they use to have a TON of rabbits, but they stopped after they got too many. Now they have mainly birds, which they get mostly from rescuing them from homes that abused them or abandoned them.I have rescued many birds, from baby ravens to ducklings, and they will take them in. This is such a great place for kids to go to and get to see animals they wouldn't be able to otherwise. Plus, it helps to educate them on the responsibility it takes to have such a pet.You can get chicken eggs and peacock eggs from here to eat, or to hatch yourself. But be warned, they might be a little pricey, and they are not guaranteed to hatch.
5	This is a really nice day trip to take with kids. Its only a few bucks to get in, I believe it was $7 total for me & my three kids. They have a lot of birds like chickens & peacocks wandering the grounds. There are also a few other animals such as ostriches, ponies, burros, a couple of pot bellied pigs, and a tortoise. They have a small petting zoo with goats you can feed. Bring lots of quarters for the animal pellets, and have fun !Sidenote: no people food available here so plan to eat elsewhere.
5	Everything about this place was wonderful. The staff is incredibly hospitable, and upon learning it was our first time visiting, we were given a friendly welcome and a brief overview of what there was to look at.  It seems nothing was really off limits, so there wasn't much intimidation walking about and there are nice places to sit and look at the animals at just about every section. The petting zoo was great and the goats weren't at all aggressive. All of the animals seemed very friendly and well-fed, snacking on fresh fruit and just lounging around. We were followed around the whole place by two ducklings and it was a great time. Highly recommend paying a visit!
4	This is definitely a quality place to go. They are still recovering after a fire a couple of years ago that burned down a lot of their buildings, but after getting a grant and a lot of help from the community they have really come back. They're always on the lookout for volunteers to come down and help out with the animals and chores around the property.
5	This place is awesome in what they do.   Gilcrease really is a sanctuary as they take in pets that are no longer wanted by their owners and gives these pets a decent place to live.   They have lots of cockatoos, parrots and even a Tucan.   Some of these birds live 50-70 years and I'm afraid people might not have thought that through before getting them.    The cockatoo room is pretty noisy, and you'll hear the birds chirping whatever sayings were taught to them.  It's sad in way but I'm glad Gilcrease gives them a place to live.   They also have a large duck pond with some rather tame ducks that will eat right out of your hand.   (See photo.)   They have lots of ducks, geese, chickens and a few swans.   At Gilcrease, they also have burros, goats and a deer.  It's worth going to Gilcrease because you get to see some of these animals close up and you get to help support their care.   Good job folks!    Will I be back?   Heck yeah I will.
5	This place is so awesome! A very inexpensive place for family fun! It's so nice that you can interact with the animals. I just love it. Very well taken care of and maintained.
5	This place is very good! There are lots of fun birdies to see and some farm animals too! The duckies are the best part because some of them will eat right out if your hand and all of them are fun! The staff is friendly and the animals seem well taken care of. I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking to find some fun animals in this desolate wasteland!
4	Great to spend an hour or two with kids.
5	This is an awesome time. It can fill an afternoon on a boring day. This is our new spot to go.
5	It's a perfect place to take the kids and at 2 dollars a kid 4 dollars an adult it's a great place to spend an hour or 2 the birds actually talk the cockatoos especially say hi hello and pretty bird make sure u bring some quarters for feeding the goats and sheep my 4 and 5 year old had an awesome time and we can't wait to go again and the workers there were very nice and helpful when my kids asked them questions
1	I seriously do not understand the positive reviews of this place. We've lived near here for 3 years and finally decided to check it out. Sad, dilapidated buildings and cages holding depressed animals. Maybe it's because I know what real farms look like, but this is NOT how animals should live. Not sure what the admission price goes towards, obviously not the grounds or the animals.
4	This place is so cute! Living in Vegas I am so used to just going to the movies or shopping or whatever, but this place is a nice change of pace. The goats are so friggin cute! Bring quarters so you can feed them too. Perfect place for kids or just going with friends.
