5	Great Italian beef sandwiches! Italian beef is a Chicago staple, and I got hooked on them while living in the Windy City. Tootie's is as good as anything you'd find in Chicago.Skip the gyro and pizza places that plague the Southside and go for an Italian Beef instead. Make sure you get it dipped!
4	refreshing new addition to the sea of mediocre pizza & gyro places along Carson .no seating .  across the street from where former Pens player Max Talbot used to live .i'll be back many times.  hope they stay in business .
3	Tootie's is not gourmet or health food. Tootie's sells 2 types of meat - spicy Italian Beef and Sausage. You can get either on a sandwich or a mix of both. The sandwiches are very dense and meaty which makes up for the fact that a 4" Italian Beef costs more than a Subway footlong. If you get the 12" at Tootie's, you should also invest in a bottle of Tums. The actual storefront is tiny - with a counter and not much more. Plan to take your sandwiches in a bag to eat in the street or at home. As others have said, these sandwiches are a good counter-balance to the hot dogs, gyros, and pizza you can get elsewhere in the South Side. So far, I've only had the sandwiches for 2 very filling lunches, but I'm looking forward to enjoying them as late-night drunk food. Stop in if you're hungry for a filling, juicy, beef sandwich. You won't regret it.
4	Delish Italian beef!  The recipe was perfected by the owner's mom  -- and it's worth every bite.The menu is simple as is the space. In this case, simple ingredients deliver an awesome sammich.
5	This place is awesome. I'm glad that something like this has come to the south side. It is a welcome addition to all of the pizza places.The food here is really great. Don't expect a sit down meal. It is street food. The guy who runs the place is very friendly and the food is awesome. They also take credit cards which is something a lot south side restaurants don't do. I have probably eaten here 5 time since they opened.
5	Best Italian Beef Sandwich in Pittsburgh.  No one even comes close.  Vegetarians need not enter, nothing for you here.
4	Ever since watching my first Rick Sebak tape, I've made attempts to develop myself into the ultimate Pittsburgh tour guide--not for KDKA, but rather for my friends and family members that came to visit the city. Casually known to my visitors as a place of despair, consistently lame weather, and awful sports fans, I take pride in hearing the variations of "Holy wow, I never realized Pittsburgh was so awesome" at the end of visits.And so, in my quest to spot out everything worth it in Pittsburgh, I stumble in to Tootie's on a Saturday afternoon. Greeted by the owner, he initiates friendly conversation before telling us that this is his mother's beef recipe straight from Chicago. I go ahead and order the smallest option, not expecting too much.Biting into the sandwich was kind of like that part in the Wizard of Oz where all of a sudden everything bursts into vibrant color. Notice that the menu has one option: beef sandwich. Yeah, you can get a sausage, but that's just a small filler on the bottom of the delicious beef sandwich. If you really want (and I am wont to really want), you can add provolone, green pepper, onions, or even marinara sauce (they call it the Benny, named for the guy who runs the Rex and goes wild for the combination of marinara/onion/green pepper). Tootie's is the perfect addition to my Pittsburgh tour. Convenient location, open late, friendly atmosphere, and unbelievable sandwich. Ask for it dipped. You're welcome.
4	Tootie's is basically a carry out shop.  One high table and two stools....that is all there is.  Very tasty italian season beef with perperoncinis on top with a few other veggies including onions.  Tasty, tasty, tasty.  Nice and filling.The only other option on the menu is Sausage or a combo of sausage & beef.  Very friendly service.
5	Yes.  That's all I really have to say.  Yes to Tootie's.I stopped by last Saturday after the South Side Soup Contest to take advantage of $1 off sandwiches.  I didn't think I was hungry until I got home and started eating my Italian Beef sandwich.  And then I was sorry I didn't order 2.  The meat was juicy and flavorful and moistened the bread just enough.  If I still lived in the South Side, Tootie's would be seeing me way more often.Tootie's is not very big so don't plan on staying to dine in.  The menu only includes a few items, basically beef or sausage and different sizes depending on your appetite.  Any place that isn't another bar is a welcome addition to the South Side!
5	This was an epic place! the best italian beef and sausage I've had. Awesome service, they grilled fresh veggies for me rather than give me the ones that had been sitting out, the guy did this on his own without me asking and at 12 am. He was funny and friendly. It made my day.
5	I REALLY enjoyed my experience here!  I had heard a lot of good things about the place and had gotten to speak to the owner one night after working at a bar down the street.  Sadly, he was closed up by that time.I came back a few weeks later and he really bent over backwards to give us a good experience.  Where to begin?  I went there with my wife and two friends.  He set up seating for us outside, gaves us samples of his new chili, gave us samples of the chicken and the beef, the sandwiches were HUGE, and he checked on us regualrly to make sure everything was going well.  I highly recommend this place.  Definitely different than all of the other food offered on East Carson.
1	From Chicago this was the farthest thing from it.  The beef was just shredded in juice. Had no real taste. Bread was blah and giardinera was super week. Pittsburghers don't know the difference unless they have gotten real beef in Chicago before. This was not it. Won't be going back. Should be called shredded roast beef sandwich. Guy that served it was nice though.
5	You know that scene in When Harry Met Sally where Meg Ryan fakes an orgasm in Katz's? Well, that's the reason why Tootie's only has one table. One bite and your eyes will roll into the back of your head and you'll be making sounds you've never made in your life. These sandwiches are really *THAT* good. Try the Nicky T. - it's the best of both worlds with both chicken and beef. You'll wish you'd ordered at least two, so you may as well just give in.Bonus: Small, family-run business, owned by a genuinely nice guy.
5	You walk down the street on the south side and this off the beaten path hidden gem practically calls your name. You walk in and are greeted by a huge wooden counter where all of the magic happens. The sandwiches are piled high with meat and made on fresh rolls. The chili is TO DIE FOR! It comes with I can only describe as a cornbread pancake and cheese sprinkled on top. I have never had anything that I did not like here. This is a must visit on the south side!
5	Why have I waited so long to try this place?!One rare night while partaking in some Carson Street livations I walk by Tootie's and noticed the short line out the door. I though of some of the Yelp reviews of the place and decided to give it a try.Once inside I realized that it was pretty much a take out shop as there really isn't anywhere to sit other than one small table which was already taken. If you can't decide which meat to get you can ask for a free sample to help make up your mind.Your choices are four different types of sandwiches:Famous Italian Beef (Slow-Roasted, Shredded, Seasoned Beef) available in 4, 6 or 12" sizes. Hot Sausage (Uncle Charley's gourmet hot sausage) on a 6" hoagie bun.Tooties Famous Chicken (Slow-Roasted, Shredded, Seasoned Chicken) also available in 4, 6 or 12" sizes. Specialty Sandwiches which are a combination of two or more meats, available in 6 or 12" sizes.Since the place is called Tootie's Famous Italian Beef, that's what I decided to go with. I went with the 6" Juicy Italian Beef hoagie filled with Italian Beef, Giardiniera, and Provolone Cheese. I flew home to eat it as the smell was intoxicating. Let me just say that it was not only the best Italian Beef sandwich I have ever had but, one of the best sandwiches I've ever had period!Tootie's Famous Italian Beef is a great sandwich to help you sober up after a night of bar hopping on Carson Street and is something different than going to Primanti's which everyone does. I highly recommend this place. Five stars!
5	Mama Mia ... I just had "the treat", a 6" hoagie roll filled with hot, delicious Italian beef and an Italian hot sausage link ... topped with giardiniera and provolone cheese. All this is moistened with the hot and tasty au jus in which the beef was cooked. If you've had Chicago style Italian beef sandwiches before, you will not be disappointed. If you have never tasted one before, welcome to your new addiction! I can't wait to go back. Go there ... why are you still reading this ... go eat!
5	Carl was way cool and has the best back story... An absolute must part of the sandwich experience!Split a six inch beef sand b/c we were on our way to dinner, but Carl threw in samples of the mac and cheese and turkey chili as well...Next time I'm in the 'burgh, will definitely stop in at Tooties!
5	This food was amazing! Karl, the owner, was super nice and gave is samples of his delicious food while we tried to make up out minds. Highly recommend the mac and cheese, and make your sandwich a need AND chicken!
5	Fantastic sandwich. Juicy, little spicy very good value. Both the chicken and beef rock. Beats any Italian beef I've ever had.
5	My boyfriend and I ordered from here tonight and it was delicious!! We both got the Italian beef sandwich and 6" was more than enough to fill his huge appetite. I loved the giardiniera and pepperoncini that came on the sandwich. I love all things pickled and it was a nice surprise on the sandwich.  We did get some chili to split and I only had enough room for a couple of bites, but it tasted like chili mom used to make. We got the food delivered and the food came really quickly and was still hot when it got here. We will definitely be trying the food out in the store very soon.
4	Good quality, delicious food. Fast and friendly service. Highly recommend stoping in and giving one of their sandwiches a try. A nice unique option when you need something quick.
5	I only had enough time and appetite for the beef sandwich. It. Was. Awesome. The owner was very nice too.  Can't wait to get back and try the rest of the menu.
5	Just stopped in on my way home from a movie at The Waterfront. It was about 20 minutes before they were going to close. I'd hate to have people stop in while I was getting ready to close, and I apologized, but they apologized back for it being a little messy!I had a Groupon for a 6" sub, and they were happy to take it. I don't make it over here that often, and figured I'd stop in since i was nearby. So glad I did. They told me it was good for any 6", but I just HAD to try the Italian Beef. Loved them in Chicago, and I can tell you these are the real deal. Delicious roll stuffed with beef and giardiniera were fantastic, with a great tang. And couldn't believe that the whole thing actually held together better than the wrapper!Can't wait to go back and try something else, but it will be really hard to steal me away from this outstanding combo! Easily as filling as a Subway footlong, but not even in the same taste/quality league!
5	Chicken with Mac n cheese is incredible!!!  Great beef and service. The owner is a really nice guy too!
5	My wife and I have only been here a couple times but we will definitely continue going. The food is great, huge portioned and well seasoned. The workers have always been pleasant and open to conversation while they make your food. I would definitely recommend this place.
3	I've had my fair share of beef sandwiches and this was no different from any other.  We had the beef sandwich with pickled vegetables. My favorite part of the sandwich was probably the bread, but the beef seemed to be lacking.
3	I am not the biggest fan of tons of spices. The fact that I am able to give this establishment a 3 is a testament to how good it is in spite of all the seasonings present. Been wanting to come in here for a while and finally made it in. Was a bit sad that I couldn't get any macaroni and cheese -- they were out of the sauce -- but I decided to go ahead and try the beef sandwich I had read so much about.The interior of this establishment is VERY small, so be certain you have a plan on where to eat the goods.I will eventually return, but until winter arrives I will most likely get my beef sandwiches at Donatelli's Italian Grocery in Bloomfield on Friday. Less seasoning just seems to be my thing.
1	If you do not have two hours to wait for your food do not order from here. Also the sandwiches are not made for delivery and come extremely soggy. Would not recommend.
5	Ordered this yesterday. First, they were busy because of the Pitt game but both Carl and the delivery driver called to apologize and let us know it was running late. This is a pretty big deal to me because it wasn't that late but it helped to make them stand out from other delivery places. Second, the sandwich itself was great. I've never had an Italian beef sandwich before so can't compare it to another experience but I loved it and fully intend this to me my new "Home alone and hungry" meal.
3	The place is small and there is exactly one table and two chairs for those wanting to dine in. It's definitely more of a to-go place. The cook is super friendly and helpful. I tried their beef sandwich because I heard it's the most popular item. To be honest though, I did not think it was all that. The meat was on the bland side and the steamed vegetable didn't really spice things up much. I got bored after the first few bites. Maybe I didn't try the right thing. Overall, the beef sandwich here was just average. I honestly prefer Subway or Jimmy John's over the bland sandwiches at Tootie's.
5	When all I can say is wow I think that I might need a sixth star. This place was great. Tooties is located on 16th right off of Carson so as far as location goes it couldn't get much better. The place is slightly bigger than a mouse hole. There is space for the hot line, counter, a cooler and a single table with 3 stools. It's definitely geared toward takeout and delivery. But the space is warm and clean so I like it. The service is awesome too. I stopped in around 10 on a Thursday and the only one there was the owner. He was incredibly friendly and had samples for is without even being asked. Big points in my book. Getting our stuff after ordering took a little while but that was due to the fact that he had to make some of the thing we ordered from scratch. I am more than ok with this. It's nice to see a business put care and effort into their food and I will never complain about waiting for fresh cooked product. Now for the main event: the food. For me great food starts with a great aroma and the scent of slow roasted beef pervades Tooties. Your mouth starts watering as soon as you walk in. The sandwiches are awesome enough to backup the aromatic promise to boot. The beef is succulent and juicy. The bread is soft and chewy and soaks up all the juice. The giardinera is crunchy and tangy and the sandwich as a whole leaves a wonderful spicy sting on the lips for the better part of 20 minutes. I would also suggest the Mac and cheese. It is cheesy and creamy and awesome. They do use bacon in their Mac and cheese which is almost cliched nowadays but come on, bacon. All in all I loved Tooties. I can't wait to go back. They make a Chicago staple that I feel is a welcome companion to our beloved Primanti's in the late night sandwich pantheon.
5	I was hungry and turned to Yelp for ideas. Checked a few filters, sorted by rating, and this place popped up on top. Never heard of them, but decided to give them a try.,OMG! I am *SO* glad I did!I ordered the "Tootie Time #1 Combo" and selected the Hungry Hippy (6" pan fried tofu, teriyaki mushrooms, sauteed onions and green peppers, provolone cheese, marinara sauce.) sandwich and the (8oz) mac n cheese (with bacon!). The Combo also comes with a can of soda (Diet Coke in my case) and a brownie. All for $14.99. (With delivery, tax and tip, my total came to $20.)The sandwich was to die for! The mac n cheese was kind of so-so, but what can help but be better with bacon? And the brownie was a very nice treat as well.And in spite of a 45-60 min delivery estimate, the driver was at my door in just under 30! I haven't had delivery service that quick in I can't remember how long!I am DEFINITELY going to be ordering again.  I'm thinking the Tootie Time #5 Combo(6" Barnyard, 16oz chili, 16oz mac n cheese, 2 sodas, and two brownies.) next time.
