4	The overall experience was pretty cool. The staff from signing up/registering to staff up top we're all very friendly. I like that we got to take our time and watch others, plus got time to just enjoy the view from Voodoo lounge during the day, with no pressure to hurry up and leave. Cons: it's a little pricy $27 per person during the day... That's a lot considering the short duration of the actual zip lining. Lastly, the route from registering to actually getting up to the 51st floor is sort of like a maze. There were no signs or directions. We had to ask for assistance... But the dude was really nice and actually walked us to the hidden elevator. Recommendations: Offer discounts to TR members, or offer locals discount! The place was pretty empty so maybe a Groupon would help bring more business and get ppl interested. We plan on coming back for a night time soar!! This was a great experience and I think everyone should try it at least once!
4	Before last night I was unaware that there was a zip line at Rio. I was very excited to learn that it run at night. I have been sky diving before so I am not scared of heights. But I was nervous as I signed the release form. The zip line looks a lot scarier then it is. It's a very smooth ride with great views of the Palm hotel. If you are going to go on this go at night. Your allowed to wear a dress and heels and enjoy the club after.
4	The VooDoo Zip Line and I are actually quite similar.  How?  Well, I'm 5'1'' and the zip line is about a minute long.  Which means?  We're both quite short.This is the first zip line I've ever been on, so I cannot really compare the experience to anything else.  We zipped down from one of the Rio buildings to the other and then were pulled backwards back up to the building we first started from.  Going forward was very fun!  I didn't know that it would go as fast as it did, and I squeaked a little in the beginning.  (The worker ended up laughing and asked me if I was scared because he heard my scared yelp.  How embarrassing.)  Going backwards was fun as well but made me a little nervous because there wasn't any bar holding us in our chairs.  Instead, a belt was strapped low across our waist (kind of like a seatbelt).  It was exciting being so high up and having absolutely nothing below our feet!!  (The seat holds two people so you can face your fear of heights with a partner.)  Although we went during the day, I can just imagine how beautiful it can be during the night.  What's nice is that before and after going on the ride, we were able to spend as long as we wanted on the roof, just enjoying the view of the strip.  (Definitely bring your camera and take lots of pictures!)  The staff were so friendly and accommodating; every single person had the happiest smile on their face and told us to have a great time or asked us how we liked it afterwards.  They made everything that much more pleasant and the memory more memorable.  Although it was quite short, it was very enjoyable!
3	Something new to do in Vegas for the regular visitors. They give club card discounts do be sure to bring your card. Very high up and you can't bring anything with you. Super friendly staff and amazing views. Wasn't scary as long as you don't have a fear of heights as it doesn't go very fast. Glad that I did it but wish I would have done it at night.
3	Before I go on with my review I will say I have zip lined the downtown Las Vegas 1 on Fremont street, 8 different lines in a Fijian rainforest and 1 in the Philippines. So needless to say, when it comes to zip lining, it better be worth it. I did this one at night and paid $44 the weekend of the grand opening. Yes, it's pretty up high but unlike other zip lines I've done, you are sitting strapped in a TRON like chair and it pulls you across to the other Rio building. The best part of it was when you reached the end and you flung a bit forward as you came to a halt. As you are waiting to get on, there is a very nice view of the Vegas strip but once you're on the zip line chair/seat you are no longer facing that view.  All employees were nice. You can say they care for your safety as they will wave a metal detector across you right before you step on. 3 stars cause I would rather recommend riding the Fremont zip line than this one.
5	Voodoo Zipline is not a regular zipline by any means! It's a zip line that's 500 in the air and gets you traveling through the air at 33MPH..It's an amazing feeling to be hanging 500 FT in the air and looking strait down or looking around at an amazing view.Regular zip lines are solo, But with Voodoo Zipline it's a 2 seater and you can experience this exhilarating ride with a friend.If your visiting vegas or if your a local, I would definitely recommend stopping by the Rio Hotel & Casino and trying out Voodoo zipline.
4	I actually walked into the Rio with plans to get a new tatt, but the Voodoo zip line sign right next door caught my attention. We walked in and the staff was very friendly. I thought it was pretty cool that unlike traditional zip lining I would be belted into an automated seat; it holds two people but the hubs chickened out on me. After paying for the ride we caught an elevator upstairs to a bar/lounge but decided to skip the drinks and head straight up to the deck where more friendly staff awaited me. First they used a metal wand detector which I thought was kinda odd(maybe someone has tried to off themselves mid-air?!... Yikes!) Anywhoo... Once I cleared the wand down, I was told to stand in this little box space where they weighed me before I was strapped into the seat. The strap was secure and weeeeeeeee!!!!!  I was on my way to the other side. When I reached the end there was a quick jerk and boom! I was gliding backwards toward the starting point. It was a fun experience and I would like to try it again at night!
4	This was a pretty fun, but very quick thrill ride.  All of the staff really enjoyed their jobs and treated me very, very well.  I just recommend trying the zip line at night rather than during the day- that's a reoccurring theme.
3	It wasn't as fun as we expected.  But we bought groupon's with 2 for 1 drinks but they weren't alcoholic drinks so we weren't happy about that.  The actual ride wasn't all that.  It's akin to an elevator ride just in the fresh air instead of a hot box. We were wishing we'd done the coaster at New York New York instead. Spend your money elsewhere.
4	We got a groupon for the voodoo zipline ride.  Fun experience.  The ride is about 1min10 seconds long. I was Strapped in well, I felt very safe going down. My husband doesn't like scary rides but for some reason he agreed to do this. Lmao I laughed so hard I cried.  He was terrified!
5	Best experience ever. It is very nerve wrecking but so much fun!!!!!! Do it at night and then have a drink after on the rooftop bar!!!!!! It ll be so much fun!!!!!!! The only scary thing is the way back because you cant see where you are going but it is definitely worth the craze!!!
5	Make sure you do it at night & be prepared to walk through the Voodoo lounge/night club to ride. Bring your camera for photos on the roof top deck. You will have to remove all loose items and change etc from your pockets. Nice thing is they have a locker there right before your ride to protect your property. If you purchased the zip line and hotel stay package through the Rio you will have major issues trying to ride. The Rio is very disorganized when it comes to their package deals. My husband and I had a terrible experience with the Rio's package on 09/05/14 however the owner of the zip line was kind enough to take care of our ride even though Rio never paid them. You are better off purchasing your zip line tickets online.  Voodoo Zip line is an awesome Las Vegas experiance. Its about 1 minute 30 sec total but you will never forget it. :)
3	Very fun but due to battery malfunction and other undisclosed problems (the batteries only power the lights for the camera on the zip Line ride not the ride itself) we waited about three hours to finally get our turn due the malfunction and lack of communication amongst the ride staff, but right before we were ready to get on, a couple of douche bags were being escorted to the ride, we were like wtf is up with this, the staff adviced us that the 2 douche bags were 7 star guest, 7 stars meaning they spend in excess of $750,000 in Las Vegas a year. we finally get our turn, very exciting, a bonus is if you look to the left of the "chair" youll probably catch a glimspe of folks "hanging out" in their hotel room, wont get into the "hanging out" part, hehehe!TIP: if you folks wear glasses you will be asked to remove them, this rule will ruin the visual part of the ride so please pack a lanyard for your glasses or you can purchase one for like 3 bucks at  "photo kiosk" adjancent to the ride.
5	We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. From the guys at the ride scaring the crap out of us, to the ride itself.  Sooo intense to be 51 stories In the air! Great staff , we didn't have a wait to get on at all (Thursday night about 7) perfect place to celebrate a dirty 30 bday! Thanks guys!
4	This was fun to do.  Definitely should do at night as the views are great, especially just hanging out at the top waiting.  We timed it well so didn't have much of a line to wait through.  The zipline was fun though it was pretty short.  And, it didn't seem to go that fast going down, except for the last little bit at the top of the other building.  Fun thing to do!
4	Best time to do this is at night and bring a camera. Lots of photo opportunities with a view of the strip since it's at the same location as Voodoo Lounge. Fun thing to do at Vegas least once. Great place to take a date if you two are adventurous. You are seated, two riders max, buckled in and zipped down to the other Rio tower and then pulled back (going backwards) to the original tower. Your picture will be taken a few times throughout the ride and can purchase them after. They let you pick which one you want to buy. The staff members are super friendly, upbeat, and professional making everyone feel comfortable and at ease before and after the ride especially for those scared of heights. I saw one lady in tears after the ride and the staff did everything they could to comfort her for several minutes. You can lock your stuff up (purse, shoes, phone, etc.) in the free lockers provided right before you actually zip line.
3	It's worth a try at least once. Just to say you did it. I expected it to be a bit more impressive, but it was fun. It lacked speed, usually zip lines go very fast which is what adds to the thrill factor. This zip line runs rather slow, but then again it lets you enjoy the stunning view you get from being that high up in the air. Can't say I would be opposed to doing it again.
5	Took my lady here for a surprise come about 5:45 pm cause it's  beautiful  to take pics and the weather is perfect. Had a amazing  experience  1st time  ever doing it and yes its a must. Your 450 feet in the air which is awesome. Looking for the locks for ur shoulders  lol only thing they use is a seatbelt and then your on your own lol awesome will  do it again. Local in vegas price cheap for ride and if visiting YES it's a must
1	Bad service and super long wait! Not worth the time!We were told it was a 25 minute wait and when it was all said and done it was actually 2 hours and 2 people out of our 4 person party didn't even get to ride because of undisclosed "adjustments" they needed to make to the cables.  Overall pretty much just a waste of time!
1	We were so looking forward to this. Grabbed a Groupon and headed to Rio. Got there at 9:30. The girl said. 45 minutes. No problem. A few seconds later a party of 27 walk in. That pushes us back to two hours. No problem. They text me and we head to the entrance. A short mouthy bouncer grabs my bag while still on my shoulder and searches it. I pulled it back from him angry. He asked what I had in there. OK. If you are going to check bags, check everyone's bag. We go to the 51st floor, the outdoor club. It's packed. There were probably 20 others waiting. People are frustrated with their tickets out. She let's 2 other parties with later time stamps ahead of us. The party behind us notice she is letting them go first and get angry. Finally it's out turn. The ride was fun, but the staff was so rude I will not return.
4	I have an idea, lets go 490ft in the air and the swing from building to building with a only a nylon seatbelt holding me steady. S'go!The VooDoo Zipline is not only a fun ride, but the view up here is amazing. I came here for a media event and ended up riding the zipline about three times. My first time around I wasn't so brave, not a good idea to look down before you decide to hop on something that's over 490 ft in the air, but a few glasses of wine later and I was all in!When you ride the zipline you're  basically on a ski lift type chair, then you get strapped in with an airline seatbelt, and get shot from the main Rio Tower across to their sister building. Then you get to experience the ride all over again, but in reverse. Did I mention it goes about 30mph? This is a fun thing to do with out-of-town friends or with the homies, plus it's pretty fairly priced compared to other attractions in Vegas. The best part about this location, like I said, is the view. Once you've tempted fate on the VooDoo Zipline, pop-in to the VooDoo Steak house, grab a drink, and take in the Vegas Strip in all it's glory.
4	Went on a Saturday night at around 6pm...Service was fast and didn't have to wait. The ride was really fast but enough for me to get a good thrill. Purchased the deal through Groupon don't know if I would pay full price for it. Selfie's not allowed as they require you to lock up all your belongings before entering, but they do take pictures of you before and during the ride that you can purchase of course. Overall, it was fast but fun!
5	BEST and ONLY ZIPLINE EVER!!!!!! My bff and I decided to do the VooDoo Zipline after I bought a Groupon. I was scared, but she was scared S*%tless, she squeezed my hand so hard, that I lost feeling for 3 minutes. she screamed, well I screamed too. Overall, I had THEE best time.
3	The ride was okay.  It's about 30 seconds.  Not worth full price, but luckily we had Groupons.  Get the Groupons!  We went in December on a Saturday afternoon very short line.  The view on the roof top is beautiful.  Great for pictures.  Wish it was longer.
5	Unless you're deathly terrified of heights, this zipline is actually not that scary. It's one of those things that looks more scary when you're watching somebody else riding, but once you're on it, you go "hey it's really not that bad." Does that make sense? I almost chickened out after watching several people go on it but I'm glad I didn't! We went on a Friday afternoon and only had to wait a couple min. Staff was cool and easy going. I had a Living Social and had no problem whatsoever redeeming it. To the guy who said he's "flown solo in a plane, parashooted and scuba'd down 70 feet in the ocean" then said he was freaked out by this zipline....wow man, Idk how you could sound like a macho guy's guy and a little pussy all at the same time.
3	Located on the very top 51st floor of the Rio Hotel.Personally, I'm not scared of heights but this ride looked quite intimidating.It is $27.49 per person. They offer discounted tickets if you want to re-ride it again.Sometimes you can find deals online, but it's not that much of a discount to begin with.They text you when your ride is ready.The view on top of the Rio is ABSOLUTELY STUNNING.They take your picture as you enter and pictures as you're going up and down the ride so remember to smile or pose!They have lockers with keys where you can store all loose clothing, accessories, and belongings before you go on the ride. They do also screen you with a metal detector to make sure you have no weapons on you.It is FREEZING up there so DO wear a jacket.Overall, the ride was a very very short thrill. It was ok. Wish the ride was longer.P.S. Photos are $20 each, and $10 for each additional photo.
3	Well, I Chickened out on my friend and didn't do it.  Flying across Vegas was very intimidating but I COULN'T do it.  The view looked stunning and the staff were very nice and understanding. I thought it will be a piece of cake after my airplane jump, so I convinced my unexcited friend and took a cap ride from the strip to Rio hotel. The second They strapped me on the seat just with a lap belt and nothing else.  I freaked out and was about to suffocate and they took me off the seat. That was the smartest thing to do.Drama free. My friend,however, surprisingly enjoyed the experience. I gave 3 stars because everything was great. Friendly staff, reasonable fare( if you get them with a coupon, ) stunning view from the deck, exciting experience- per my friend. The  problem was my fear from open heights and the seat issue!
3	Disclaimer: I did not do it because I was the 3rd wheel and didn't want to go alone because that's lame, not because I'm scaredSo we got a living social deal to save some money, I'd say it's a once in a lifetime thing, you do it, then never do it again. However, I must say, the view is spectacular from up here, we went in the morning and it was beautiful.When we went, the elevator broke and they had to let us use their other elevators that are usually off to get up there.
