5	This is a kid friendly chill out cafe with lots of the same food that Anna offered at the Downtown Market. We're so glad to have this restaurant in downtown with great choices for breakfast, lunch, or an early dinner.My son's favorite is the Gypsy Stew, a wonderful blend of fresh vegetables, squash, and garbanzo beans. The panini sandwiches and quesadillas are also a big hit. We're looking forward to trying one her new breakfast menu items on our next visit.
3	This place was a long time in coming, but well worth the wait. The food tastes as though it were served off your own stove, with grandma at the spoon. It's homey and tasty. I had the chiken potato soup (the daily special $6.50) and it was very tasty, accompanied by 3 toasted baguette slices, served dry for dipping, and a mixed green salad with a fruity vinegarette. The portions were perfect. I ordered the morroccan mint tea with much anticipation, but to my dismay it was not what i had in Morroco or Tunisia. I guess serving a tea glass filled completely to the rim with mint and tea will have to be a home made thing. ( Thinking back to my travels i wonder where they grew all that friggin mint? They had to sell it in bushells with the amounts in each glass.) My nephew ordered the chicken panini and it was delicious, but cost $7 because it comes with a salad.There was a steady flow of patrons, so the food will rest assured be fresh. Not to many people know about the place which makes getting in and out easy. Best part is this location is directly across the street from ShopDevious.com so you can shop and eat on your lunch break with time to spare. On the bad side, i tried to sit outside to enjoy the fresh air, but the street was so unleveled i ended up sitting sideways at the table which was on a downward slope, and my soup seeped over the edge until i could make a dent with the spoon, ending up all over my tray and plate. Next time i'll sit inside. Good thing the food was too good to notice the slope after the first bite (i even picked up my bowl holding it in hand at one point) it was so delicious.
3	The first thing you notice about Sapna Cafe are the windows pouring natural light into this neat, white space. (For shape, think of the Flatiron Building in New York on a tiny, tiny scale.)  The windows are covered with thin 15-foot mix-and-match drapes tied to reveal Grand and 13th Ave. views.  The vaguely triangular dining room gives way to a door frame through which you find the blackboard menu and register, where you order.I took two friends on Saturday during Art Detour for a late lunch and the place was about half-full with the owner and one other person working.There are two daily specials, and I had the Garbanzos and Eggplant in a Coconut Milk Curry, which came with brown rice, baguette pieces, and a side salad of field greens modestly but flavorfully dressed, all for $6.50.  The curry was rich, warm, and filling, and the firmness of the garbanzos went well with the butter-soft eggplant.  A great lunch for the price.My friend Katie had the messy but delicious tabbouleh and chipotle hummus wrap, and my friend Kelly had a large salad with cranberries, almonds, goat cheese, and manchego.  It was dressed with balsamic vinegar only (no oil?), so the flavor was mostly sweet and tangy.The drinks, we agreed, were on the subpar side.  The orangeade was inventive and attractive on the menu, but was mostly diluted and unsatisfying for $3.Sapna's seems to be sorting out the ordering, serving, clean-up system, not to mention operating the register.  Ringing up sales took about 3-5 minutes per patron, and you pay at the end.  The half-eaten and abandoned sandwich at the adjacent table remained for our entire hour lunch.Nevertheless, I am so grateful for fresh, interesting food on Grand Ave., and I'm confident Sapna Cafe will work out the service issues.I will return.
4	This charming little cafe made my day-  the atmosphere is charming, clean, bright and warm....and the wait staff and cook were friendly and welcoming.... but the food?  the food was the best part.eclectic, delicious AND reasonably priced.I got an eggplant panini--called espaniclata or something- which came with a side salad.  The quesadilla I split with my coworker was surprising and sweet- good for a snack or dessert.  I wasn't a big fan of the chai (I stole a sip from a friend)---it was Indian, just not what I am used to- not as sweetAnyways, I went on Friday for lunch, and liked it so much I had to go back Sunday.  Again, fantastic.  I think I found a new love.
4	Our tradition on vacation is to seek out breakfast spots. We either find something near where we plan to go, something in route, or just plain go out of our way to have some place that has gotten killer reviews. This place is not the third one yet, but was on our way (mostly) to Goodyear. We were headed out for a ball game (of course). From the direction we were heading, there was no real perfect exit to get off the 10, so we did a little round a bout thing. But, we got there and found it. Take a good look at the pictures, it helps when you are searching for this place. We got parked with no difficulty and were worried that the place might not even be open. It is pretty desolate around this area. Not too "scary" as Matt K's sister thinks, at least not at 10am in the morning. THe place is cute. A triangular building with lots of windows. No huge sign to advertise, but maybe just being on YELP will help them. We walked in to the small main dining area. Lots of white ikea tables and chairs with cute flowers on all of them. Bright drapery covering the sunny side of the building's windows. Lots of natural light in here and very inviting. The staff greeted us right away and asked us to order up at the counter, as they do not have menus printed yet. So, I assume that is coming. We walked through the doorway into more of a kitchen area that had a counter setup and a large board with menu items. There are daily lunch specials, about 6-7 breakfast items, a lunch menu and a heafty list of specialty drinks. This place is really a true "Asian" Fusion, incompasing all of Asia. But, with a dabble in a few extra places, we will just call this world fusion. There are lots of really creative dishes and things that I would not necessarily have put together. But, they work. I ordered a Calcutta Egg wrap. This was really unique. The tortilla and the egg were like one. Inside there were veggies (too many onions for me, I will omit them next time), including carrots, cilantro, and tomato. They give you a side of sweet chili sauce to top it. Other than the onions that I fished most of out, this was DELICIOUS. I am not sure how they did the egg, but I do not have to know. I just have to eat it. SG ordered a scrambled egg plate with stir fried asian veggies. He loved the combination and was surprised to find how great it all was together. We both stepped outside our norms and also got a specialty tea. We ordered the Indian Chai. It was very good. There were lots of other choiced that tempted me, but this one struck me first. I would love to go back and try the Ginger Lemonade. I am a sucker for ginger!Overall, this is a good little place with some really fresh, tasty, creative menu items. I hope that the lunch traffic can sustain them, since they have such potential. COME ON YELPERS, get in there and check it out. It is close enough to stop in for breakfast or lunch and get a little bite, even if you take it out, rather than eating in.
5	The food here is amazing.  They have vegan, vegetarian, options, which is so refreshing!  I have eaten there three times and it has been great every time.  The prices are great too - $7 and under!
3	3.5 to be exact...Came here for lunch yesterday, and enjoyed the gorgeous weather over a glass of...gazpacho? The space is really bright and airy, we went up and ordered at the counter and then slipped outside and moved our table into the sunshine. The man-friend and I split the veggie pasta special, the veggie sandwich, a glass of gazpacho, and each had a glass of ginger lemonade. Our lemonade came out first, and it was good. Not as gingery as I like it, but not surprising. I like a lot of ginger. Next out was the gazpacho. The chef (and I think owner?) mentioned that she was from Spain, so I knew I had to give it a try. It was listed under drinks, but I didn't really imagine that it would actually come out in a glass with ice and a straw. I got over the presentation quickly. This was THE BEST gazpacho I've had in years. Totally pureed, garlicky, with breadcrumbs in the mix so it tastes a bit creamy. Basically, the real freakin deal. It didn't take long for the rest of our meal to make it out. The pasta was really flavorful, with heaps of veggies piled on top of a hearty serving. The veggie sandwich wasn't a new favorite, but it wasn't bad, either. Both came with mixed greens salads and a vinaigrette. The salad was tender, the dressing was alright. We had a bit of a glitch with our bill on the way out. Everything is manually entered into the system, old school style, so take a closer peek at your check. There were lots of other tasty looking things on the menu like the Gypsy stew, pear and gorgonzola sandwich and some breakfast items, so we'll definitely be back.
3	The best thing about this place is the price, everything is really reasonably priced and the food is decent.  Three stars for the extremely slow service.  When I went, there only one other table in the place and it took our party of three over thirty minutes to get our food!Overall: Decent food, good price, slow service.  Don't go if you are on any sort of time constraints
4	This place can't be beat in the downtown area in terms of creative, yummy food, relaxed atmosphere, and fair prices.I've sampled about half of the menu, and while the red curried noodles and veggies wasn't really spicy enough for me, I've otherwise thoroughly enjoyed everything!  The gypsy stew is probably what comfort food tastes like in heaven.
4	This is the cutest place with great healthy food options.  I love the decor and shape of the space, triangular, light and airy.  I had an eggplant and onion panini and some ginger lemonade.  Totally fantastic.  Great little spot for a light brunch after Mass.Looking forward to visiting again!
4	Solid menu choices. Great customer service. Sapna Cafe is a breath of fresh air along Grand Avenue. Robert M and I drove past this place after arrive home from a vacation in San Francisco. Having dined out daily there, we were in no mood to cook but a bit apprehensive about eating somewhere that would disappoint. Sapna came to the rescue. We split the Croque Monsieur panini and a tomato salad. The panini was fabulous; the salad a little too bitter for Robert's tastes but otherwise good. They don't refrain from their use of garlic in the latter, so it's best to share this on a date. Apparently, this space can be rented out which would make a great party spot. Plus, they're working on getting a liquor license.
5	This place makes me happy. As a native San Franciscan, Sapna reminds me of the cute neighborhood cafes with amazing food and great prices. I had a delightful brie + pear combination panini, which was served with a salad lightly dressed in vinaigrette; to drink I had a ginger lemonade which tickled the tongue. Plus...the colors of the building are incredible. Can't wait to go back.
4	Cute decor but uncomfortable seats with odd table heights and slouching chairs. The menu selection was neat and small, which is refreshing. Prices were good and  the fresh portions were a perfect size. They have very well blended perfect pairings of exotic foods. I was going to get the indian soup special until the waitress announced that it wasn't spicy, as a sales pitch. Some of us love spicy.
5	I love the long colorful drapes and decor.  The waitress was very friendly and the food was amazing!
4	Sapna. I wonder what that means?The first thing I noticed was the bright airy space that felt like an oasis coming in from 100 degree mid afternoon weather.The girl working was totally adorable and sat us down with some menus. She immediately started gushing about the lentil salad, so I didn't get much time to look closely at the menu. I was too worried about hurting her feelings NOT to order the lentil salad, so we settled on that and the eggplant panini sans cheese. best.salad.ever.Extremely fresh tasting, local greens, lentils, and other veggies in a barely there lemon vinaigrette.  And some pita on the side.The panini was okay. Yummy rustic whole wheat bread.As we munched, I noticed the lush little patch of garden growing by the telephone pole outside. A grip of basil just basking away in DIRECT SUNLIGHT and looking fantastic. WTF I couldn't keep mine alive for a week! Anyway.Total for the sandwich and salad was around $14. Not mad at that.I'll be back for nopales and a tofu scramble breakfast burrito.
5	Sapna Cafe is one of those places I would have missed had it not been for the Urban Spoon App on my iPhone. I love to try new places and this place is certainly worth trying. The staff is very friendly and the food is very fresh and tasty. I had one of the daily specials. It was sort of like a breakfast burrito with eggs and other goodies in a tortilla with a side salad made of fresh greens. I also had the Ginger Lemonade and even fresh Strawberries and Creme. I wish them well, I will be back again.
4	I've deeply enjoyed Anna's stall at the downtown farmers' market and am delighted to [belatedly] learn she finally opened her cafe.  We went yesterday and had specials - a libation of gazpacho with beet instead of tomato as a base [surprisingly delicious and thirst quenching] - her filling take on a Spanish omelette and a pasta dish garnished with carmelized onion, bleu cheese and crushed walnut - again suprisingly delicious.  A word traveler who has mashed diverse sampled cuisines with a taste for what's good - Phoenix is a richer place for her sojourn here.
4	This is a really nice, unique neighborhood place - the decor reminded me of South Beach a little. The menu is nice, although the pricing is a little odd. The $5 goat cheese and red pepper marmalade quesadilla was delicious but tiny. Meanwhile, we got a bigpiece of pound cake for dessert that was just $2.50. And my ginger lemonade was $3. I'd say both food items should have been about $4, and the drink $2. The paninis are priced right - $7 for a nice sandwich with a small side salad of mixed greens. All-in-all, the food gets a solid 4 stars. The service, however, is their weak point. It took 10 minutes for our server to come over to take drink orders and another 10 minutes for her to come back to take food orders...not a place to get in and out of quickly. Sapna is a great addition to this Grand Ave. area - now they just need to hone their service.
2	Not a fan. A group of us swung by during June's First Friday around 830PM. We were seated relatively fast and our orders were taken in short order, but after that service came to a grinding halt. The menu is limited in general but the sandwiches looked great, of course that was not what I ordered. I went for the $5 gypsy stew which was really tasty, but I was served a portion that should have cost $1.25. I mean seriously, soup is the classic poor people food, this had like 16 garbanzos, a few random veggies floating around in it and a little bit of potato. For $5 I could have made at least a gallon of soup. Please at least serve a portion that isn't blatant about ripping me off. Thank you. Because I'd gone light on dinner I ordered the olive oil cake thing I'd seen at the register with a tag on it that said $2.50 a slice. The cake came out with a side of 4 cantaloupe cubes and 1 strawberry in some glaze. The cake was nice, pretty much the consistency of corn bread and no heavy olive flavor. I'd never had it before so weee, new things in my mouth.  When it came time to pay my $2.50 slice of cake morphed into a $5.50 dessert. Say what? I am infinitely annoyed by price gouging and none of this food is spectacularly intricate or worth the wait. When I tell you that we waited 30 minutes for 4 sandwiches and 1 cup of soup I am not speaking in hyperbole. We didn't leave sapna until 10PM because the server forgot to serve me the cake slice i'd ordered at the same time as the soup.  Yeah I guess I'm a little bitter about it.
3	The food is really very good. Always fresh and interesting. My favorite thing is the gazpacho. Today, I went for lunch with a largish group of people. Even though the dining area isn't that big, we were all accommodated nicely. They even split up the tab for us! (there were 9 of us) I love that they have really tasty vegan fare which in this city can be hard to come by. Here are my issues. Although the owners/servers are nice, the service can be really really bad. I'm not a pessimist, but why would a waiter only fill up a glass of water halfway? Also to describe the non-vegan special today, our waitress said "oh, you know, it's like fish and rice and tomato sauce" appetizing....  I prefer my servers to have social skills. BUT I still recommend going here. The food is good, and it is a locally owned establishment.  I can't wait to come back and visit Phoenix when the Grand Ave area really explodes.
4	i love this place.  the food is always delicious and well prepared.  my favorite dish at the moment is the tofu scramble with veggies, it never disappoints me.  the space is clean, airy and bright.  the staff is friendly and attentive.  i took my (picky) sister here for lunch when she visited from out of town and she made us go back for brunch on the way to the airport!
5	When I was a kid, and a restaurant would close that my mom & dad liked, they would always say, "oh, darn, I guess we didn't go there enough."Sapna Cafe is one of those places that I plan to go to enough!   It is so darn CUTE, great adaptive reuse of an unusual space on Grand Ave.   But most importantly, the food is AWESOME.   Friday night I stopped in for dinner solo - warmly welcomed.  But, sadly, only two other tables were occupied.   Two more came in while I was there.   Now there are only maybe 12 tables in the place, but still.    Based on the tasty food and the almost anachronistically low prices, this place should be rockin' every Friday night. Constantly changing menu, because everything is fresh-fresh-fresh.    I was also offered numerous off-menu options, by the lovely and friendly server, Paris, and settled on a linguine pasta with shrimp and pesto sauce.  Oh my it was so good I snarfed it right down, and wanted to pick up the plate and drain the remaining yummy olive oil pesto sauce into my mouth.  (But I didn't.  Really.)     Dessert was homemade Tapioca pudding, yum! If you do Facebook, fan them and you'll get the planned special as an update every day. Go, really - it's awesome.
2	While on the walking tour at the Grand Avenue Festival I thought I'd stop in for a quick bite. I'd heard great things and was excited to try something new. The place was busy, sure, but not packed. After my experience today I can say I'm not impressed. The people working seemed flustered and disorganized. No one seemed to be in charge. It was chaos. I ordered toast. It took 40 MINUTES to get my damn toast!!! I don't care how "busy" any place is, 40 minutes for toast is unacceptable. The snarky worker gave me attitude when I asked how much longer it would be."Well, we're busy" was the reply. But when I pay $3.79 for toast with butter and I don't have it 40 minutes later, being "busy" isn't the response I want to hear. I don't really care how great the food is. It could be the best food in the entire Valley and I wouldn't go back. But if you chose to go, make sure you bring a novel and have no where else to be the rest of the day.
4	I had the brie and carmelized onion quesadilla and my husband had the calcutta egg roll.  Can't wait to try everything on the menu.  Ana was our server for our early saturday morning bruch.  When I first saw the small space and fold out chairs, I worried I had made a wrong choice, but when the food arrived we were blown away.  Never would have expected such depth in flavor.  Ana took the time to come out and answer questions about ingredients used and even went back to the kitchen to bring us the jar of an ingredient we'd never heard of.  Great place, amazing food.  I only wish I could have a calcutta egg roll everyday.
3	Sapna.Been here twice. Second instance first Friday. Met with my precocious sister and a girl with a similar hair style. The waitress was charming and fresca like a cilantro roasted lime creme fraiche. As she explained the menu, she remarked on my visage and stated that I appeared unimpressed. Either I am easy to read or she is good at detecting mannerisms.I ordered the quesadilla with goat cheese and red bell pepper marmalade. It was tasty. However the inner portion of the tortilla was soft and soggy from the cheese yet the ends were crisp and too brittle. All in all the dish was a good combination of flavors and adequately priced for the ingredients.The coffee was good. That is a huge plus. Finally they changed service in between our visit. A bit weird. An introduction would have been nice. They did not offer to refill my coffee nor served us water. Was their a shortage that I was not aware of? Anyway, it is spartan and white with copious amount of window space. Not sure if I like it, but it is definitely a style.I am excited that Dominique from Palette. is coming on board to come up with some ideas for the menu. YAY!
2	I want to like this place a lot. Grand desperately needs some strong eateries. Sapna seems like it should be excellent: cheap, healthy food in a unique triangle-shaped setting. So what went wrong?I've given this place several tries. Every time the service is terrible. They're understaffed (even when we were the only table there... one person working at a restaurant isn't possible), and if there are more than three employees there at once, they always get confused. I'm not sure what the reason is...the place only has like eight tables. Second, the atmosphere is depressing. Sapna has a really different setting in the tip of the Bragg's Pie building. If anything, the atmosphere should be the automatic winner. Instead, it's a plain white room with plain white plastic tables. Last time I was in there, the one painting hanging on the wall fell off, hitting a patron in the head. Then it took several minutes for the server to get him some ice. He had a nice ole welt. I like the quesadillas here a lot. The food is fresh... just not always tasty. The ratatouille is strong. I have yet to find a really great salad on the menu.
4	Each time I've been to Sapna the food has been excellent! I've only had breakfast here and each time I order the frittata of the day. My husband has ordered the pumpkin pancakes and oh my god, these are some of the best pancakes I have ever had. The syrup is so yummy. I'm drooling just thinking of them. We have also had the Calcutta egg roll, which is worth a try, but not sure I would get it again and the pork tacos which were just delicious. The Moraccan mint tea is very tasty. A very refreshing iced tea with fresh mint leaves. I love the food, but have to say the service is a bit hit or miss. As other Yelpers have said, you could be the only person in the place and hardly see your server. It's a small place, so I don't know how one person could go unnoticed. Really, the service isn't much to complain about as the food is so good I can kind of overlook the service.I think once this place catches on they will have a line out the building like Matt's Big Breakfast and rightly so as I think the food is far more superior.
5	since we were downtown to pick up our chang marathon packets, we hit this place up for breakfast. it's been on our "to do" list for months, but you know how it is....we just sorta get sucked into our 2mile radius of home. this place was so cute. small and cozy, yet trendy and hip....simple, basic, with focus on the food. everything non-food is from ikea, so it reminded us of our condo. we were the only 3 people there and simply enjoyed having the whole place to ourselves. i hope that's not a bad thing and that more people showed up later, because the owner seemed extremely sweet and nice and it's so sad to see a personal, home grown, passionate business go under. anyway, i ordered the pumpkin pancakes, and holy syrup man, they were freaking delicious. at first i thought no way would these four little measly pancakes fill me up, but afterwards, i could barely finish my side of home fries. they were crispy and sweet, slightly dense but not heavy. with walnuts, the perfect balance to any pancake. my girl had the baked eggs with chipotle and it was tang-ilicious. our guest had some sort of veggie burrito item and it was large and she said it tasted soooooo good. the coffee was rich and strong, but they charge .50 for a refill, which is a little lame, but happily paid for since our meals were cooked to order, and we'd rather pay 3.00 bucks for home town service than shopping mall chain. cost us 25 bucks for 2 people. great food and a good deal. check this place out.
3	Wow, I have to say we were both underwhelmed...and I had hoped for so much more. I loved the building from the get go...had been there before and thought it was brilliant to open a restaurant in that space.  How cute!  Cozy and charming.  Loved it.  We arrived at 2:30 on a Saturday and we were told to take a seat - and then we waited quite a while for someone to come and take our order.  They never asked us if we wanted water, and the drink I had ordered was not available so we both ordered cold drinks - he had Ginger Lemonaide and I had Orangeaide.  Loved the Ginger flavor, but both the drinks were syrup sweet - which was not what we were hoping for - we like our citrus to have some tang.Then we ordered a bowl of soup, quesdilla with brie and onion marmalade (both for me) and a turkey sandwich with cheese and mustard sauce (him.)  Both our plates arrived and were very nice...but no soup ever came.  Then we waited, thinking the soup and the silverware was coming, and we waited...and waited...and no soup - and still waiting.  My lovely companion got up and stole some place settings from somewhere else and in doing so we snuck into the kitchen to inquire about my soup.  They said they forgot - which was cool - but apparently they had put it away and it was going to have to be reheated which meant we ended up sharing everything...except the soup.Now for the food.....it was good - but not great.  It was somewhat bland.  It had great, fresh ingredients, but everything was tainted with something sweet.  The soup needed salt (they don't have any on the table) and the other items were meant to be sweeter - I guess.So maybe this is a GREAT restaurant and I was just tainted by the slow service.  Or maybe we should have ordered something else.  I promise to go back - I refuse to give up on this place...It's just too damn cute!
5	Best gazpacho soup in town. (In a cup with a straw, yes!!!)Many of my friends have told me to dine at Sapna.Each time I have has been more than enjoyable ( Vegan options! esp. Breakfast! )Great staff and intimate atmosphere.
1	Now I know why Emo guys can fit into jeans made for tween girls, they eat at places like this. It would make sense; this must be the target audience with this location.I arrived just past noon with a co worker, luckily there was a police car parked nearby so I was not afraid to leave my car in this less than ideal neighborhood. From the outside it looks modern, trendy and bright. Inside are white tables and chairs, seating is limited but their business also seemed to be a bit limited. After hearing about the specials and looking over the menu I chose the Blue Cheese Quesadilla with tomato Marmalade as I do love blue cheese. When my meal arrived I was shocked how small, pale and pedestrian it looked. Unlike the photo provided my quesadilla was much smaller made with an out of a package soft taco sized tortilla. Accompanying it was a small almost garnish sized dollop of rice salad on top of some baby spinach greens. The rice salad was cold, and flavorless, cold rice is rarely a good culinary choice. My quesadilla was under done and unevenly browned, there was plenty of marmalade but not too much cheese. The flavors just did not work for me even when I tried to pair it with the apple garnish. My coworker ordered the lentil soup special of the day. It came in a small cup with a challa spinach and cheese Panini on the side. When a ~100lb female says hr portion was small you know it must be small. She enjoyed the soup, and felt the Panini was just mediocre filler. My second drink refill, when it finally came was warm as they had no ice in the pitcher.I see no reason for me to try another meal here.
4	simple decor but sophisticated cuisine and healthful ingredientsmake this place a pleasure. Low prices don't hurt either. There isfenced parking across the street.  This is a BYOB place.
3	OK, having read the hot/cold reviews on Sapna and having a free Sunday to spend with my sweet baboo...off we went. First of all...service issues listed in prior reviews are mostly true. This is not a "get 'em in, get 'em out" kind of place, so we didn't see our waiter that often. I was prepared for a slow experience, so it didn't bother me...much. That said, I do want a cup of coffee more frequently than every 20 minutes. Our server mentioned that a fresh pot was being brewed, so I understood the delay for the first cup. When he came out of the kitchen and refreshed all the cups at the other table, I was already itchin' for my second cup...DENIED! Didn't even come near our table to check on our caffeine level 8(We both ordered brunch specials. I had the much bally-hooed pumpkin pancakes, which didn't taste all that pumpkin-y. I haven't yet decided if that is good or bad. The cream cheese/walnut topping was awesome and they were not skimpy with it. The pancakes were moist and delish. The leftovers (which didn't really fit into the chinese leftover box I was given) will be wonderful tomorrow a.m., I'm sure!Hubby had a baked breakfast casserole. It smelled delish and he claims it was wonderful. It had spinach, chorizo, egg, tomato and cheese (and other stuff i'm sure) and was baked. It looked a bit runny, but after mixing it all together and slathering it on top of the home fries (which he claimed were good), it lost its runny appearance. Go figure!I felt that the room could have used some sound deadening, as the group at the other table was a bit loud, but the front door was open and the street noise was non-existent. Cute atmosphere...all IKEA, all the time!Our check was exactly $20 without tip/tax, so I felt like it was a successful outing. Great weather, great food, good (if not slow) service. I look forward to a return visit to try other menu items, as many looked like stuff right up my alley!
2	this was my second trip for breakfast to sapna and again, i was the only customer in there for over an hour. not that i was in a rush, but damn man, it is like molasses in there. so slow....the waiter guy....just...just...i don't know what it is about some of these uber hip places....like the orange table....couldn't give a rat's ass if you ate there or not, just as long as you look forlorn, angry, or wearing an emo-mullet. coffee was cold and like other reviewers, feels like forever to get refill. and this time, my portion seemed a bit less filling. a baked scramble with tofu, tomatoes and cheese, it was wicked hot and i nearly suffered 3rd degree burns when i rotated my plate. i felt like i could've eaten 2 more....good, but kinda small. i've had better. but the kicker came, and i don't know why i didn't fuss about this in my last review was the price. 10.75 for that small portion and 2 cups of coffee. i know, i know, i'm so hypocritical....i want good, local ingredients but i don't want to pay the price (did you know you can get an enormous breakfast that would fill 3 people for under 5 bucks?). what's a cheap bastard to do? in the end, not a great exprience this time. will check back later....
4	The one thing that I always think when I see a small menu is, "these better be good." Sapna's menu is very small - about 15 items - but what they do have they do really well. A friend and I shared the Goat Cheese and Red Pepper quesadilla (awesome), we all had the veggie panini (mmm-mmm good) and drank Moroccan Mint Tea (perfect). The red peppers in the quesadilla were actually in marmalade form and tasted fantastic - I'd love to try the bleu cheese and tomato quesadilla. I loved the simplicity of the panini; all of the veggies were cooked just right. The sandwich didn't fall apart, but it was fully stuffed with goodies. And if I could drink the Moroccan mint tea everyday, I'd consider myself the luckiest woman in the world. The decor inside is simple and the service was friendly. I love the sprigs of basil as the table flowers. We waited an average amount of time for our meals (approximately fifteen minutes) and the waitress was available when we needed her. There were a few other people inside besides my friends and me, but it was Phoenix on a Saturday night - I wouldn't have expected a crowd. I can't wait to go back to try the Gypsy soup and get another cup of mint tea.
4	finally got to try this place out! i went for lunch on a friday but arrived early because of warning of slow service. these rumors seem to be true. i ordered the watermelon rosewater beverage which was refreshing and not too sweet, and the goat cheese and red pepper quesadilla which was heavenly. the only problem with it was that it wasn't six times bigger. i seriously considered ordering another. and another. the red peppers are made into a marmalade, so they're sweet; sweet and unbelievably delicious.i also ordered the eggplant and chick pea salad because they were out of the lentil salad. the dressing was citrusy and light, but there was a little too much of it on the salad. otherwise, it was delightful. a simple salad. service was friendly, albeit slow, but they easily accommodated my friend who was unable to eat starchy products. they cooked up an off-menu delicious spanish-style vegetable dish with eggs and chorizo. she was smitten. my only complaint was that it was very, very hot in there. true, it's august, but i was sweaty when i left. and they were all out of dessert which may or may not be a bad thing!
4	This is my new favorite local foodie spot.Came in for Sunday brunch with my girlfriend and we ordered two of their specials, the salmon/rice/egg scramble and the blueberry pancakes with homemade whip cream and honey syrup.  Also got their "orangeade" and moroccan mint tea.the salmon/egg/rice scramble was FANTASTIC. came with a side of spinach with this delicious dressing that we both devoured.  it totally hit the spot and was just the right temperature (i have a problem with things either being too hot or too hold when they're served).  i wish this was a regular item on their menu because i'd be in here every day.  the blueberry pancakes were wheat i think, which made them not as moist as regular pancakes, but the blueberries inside of them provide the perfect amount of juiciness.  Honey syrup was different but what really made the pancakes was the whipped cream.  My girlfriend commented on how it was "just like her grandma made it".  Always a good sign :)Like most of the other reviewers said, service can be slow, but I didn't mind, as I wasn't in a mood for things to move too fast.  Can get a little hot in there, as it seems they don't have A/C, just fans and a swamp cooler, and the art on the walls could use some help.  But I love the simplicity and design of the place, and considering I moved just down the street, this will definitely be a regular spot of mine to hit up.  Can't wait to try all of their menu items!
5	wow what a cool little placei adored itstopped in here for brunch on sunday? and it was a perfect experienceother than being a little hot insidei ordered the andalusian toast for $2, delicious!this is what i would consider the pinnacle of toastthe paragon of toast reallyi thought i was good at making toasti feel ashamed, and embarassed. The skill with which a couple of simple ingredients were combined to make such wonderful toast astounded me. I could go on and on really, I happen to love bread that much (not the 70's band of course).i also ordered some coffee for $2all in all $5 for brunch, in a lovely little homey settingthe owner/chef made you feel very comfortable and relaxed. Its really cool how much Grand has changed over the years, Sapna is a great example of that change, and I hope other trepidatious small business owners take a lesson from Sapna.Do yourself a favour and stroll down Grand ave. sometime and hit up all the cool little shops and bars and restos, im sure you'll be pleasantly surprised.The only bad points of my experience were beyond Sapna's control: note- huge table of older yuppies behind me who were loud and judgemental, i vividly remember this one old douche exclaiming "excuse me but we were the first group here and the last to order!" to our sweet young little waitress, the look of embarassment and reticence on her face pained me, i couldnt help but think, 'Really? Really? cause i seem to recall your big group coming in AFTER me...but no no go ahead and complain please!' love sapna and will gladly be coming back when they have more of that gypsy stew in stock!
5	The only place I know of in Phoenix where you can get a fresh vegan breakfast, with new specials each week. I love the tofu scramble, sometimes they have a tofu and veggie breakfast burro which is absolutely to die for. The owner and staff are always very friendly and have always been happy to accommodate any special requests I've made.
3	My mom and I tried this place today. We are both avid cooks - and picky but appreciative eaters as a result.I've got to say, we were both pleasantly surprised by the special: Moroccan lentil soup served with bread and salad. The flavors were fantastic! And the soup was hearty.There are options for vegans, vegetarians and meat eaters here. The food is Spanish and Moroccan inspired. The ingredients are incredibly fresh. The service is friendly. And the prices are affordable. All in all a good experience.As other reviewers have noted, the pace is slow. This is not the place to go if you are in a hurry.
4	Sapna is one of the best restaurants in Phoenix, and I am so fortunate to live just down the street. The owner, Anna, is from Spain and has travelled the world, and she competently reflects her time in Spain, India, Mexico, and elsewhere in her dishes. The food is most important, and this is where Sapna shines. A regular at the Downtown Farmers Market -- both as a vendor and a buyer -- Anna's food is local, fresh, organic, and filled with vegan and vegetarian options. Rarely do I order off the menu, as Sapna's specials reflect what just came off the farm. Yes, I have had a dish or two that didn't wow me, but the homemade pasta is some of the best I've ever had, and the paella is right out of Spain (when it is included with the specials).The space is small, but charming. Shaped like a slice of pie with large windows on both sides of the angles, the spot in the Bragg's Pie Building is fun, casual, and filled with local art for sale. The floors are unfinished, the furniture is from Ikea, and the tables have basil or whatever is currently growing in the outside containers in small vases; and sometimes they are growing roots in the water. High end? No. Quirky? Sure.The service is friendly, but can be slow if the place gets full. If you want fast and typical, Sapna is not for you. If you like fresh and local from a talented Phoenix owner/chef, put this place on the top of your list!
4	update - Sapna is now closedSapna is one of the best restaurants in Phoenix, and I am so fortunate to live just down the street. The owner, Anna, is from Spain and has travelled the world, and she competently reflects her time in Spain, India, Mexico, and elsewhere in her dishes. The food is most important, and this is where Sapna shines. A regular at the Downtown Farmers Market -- both as a vendor and a buyer -- Anna's food is local, fresh, organic, and filled with vegan and vegetarian options. Rarely do I order off the menu, as Sapna's specials reflect what just came off the farm. Yes, I have had a dish or two that didn't wow me, but the homemade pasta is some of the best I've ever had, and the paella is right out of Spain (when it is included with the specials).The space is small, but charming. Shaped like a slice of pie with large windows on both sides of the angles, the spot in the Bragg's Pie Building is fun, casual, and filled with local art for sale. The floors are unfinished, the furniture is from Ikea, and the tables have basil or whatever is currently growing in the outside containers in small vases; and sometimes they are growing roots in the water. High end? No. Quirky? Sure.The service is friendly, but can be slow if the place gets full. If you want fast and typical, Sapna is not for you. If you like fresh and local from a talentePhoenix owner/chef, put this place on the top of your list!
1	I have been here a couple times and liked the place and the menu.But recently Sapna offered a Groupon, of which I bought two, and soon after she closed! I heard she was having a tough time keeping afloat and maybe this was a last minute attempt to bring in traffic, but what the heck! it was valid from Nov 21 till May 21 and I haven't used even one. This is just pure... nonsense!
