1	I purchased a fridge on a Monday that I was told was available for next day delivery. I scheduled the delivery for Sunday and was called the day before and told that the fridge was not in stock, but they would have it on Wednesday and they scheduled a Thursday delivery with me. I schedule the day off and receive no call with an estimated time of delivery. I wait until 10am (when they open) and call my salesperson... "funny I was JUST about to call you... the fridge isn't here". This was a complete waste of PTO, and with no answers from the salesperson, I chose to contact the manager directly. He admitted to me on the phone that even though I came in and paid for a fridge they said was "in stock, available for next day delivery"... they shipped it to a customer who had come in and bought the fridge AFTER me because they were able to set up an earlier delivery date. This business practice was unbeknownst to me... and the manager just said that the salesperson "should have" let me know. Apparently the salesperson "should be" calling me every day with an update as well.  Best part is, the manager has no idea when the next fridge will come in. I find it very odd for a company to have no estimate at all when a product is coming in from their vendor, and to be giving out product that they obviously don't have in stock for the customers who have already purchased it. I am now 2.5 weeks without delivery of a product that I was told was available for next day delivery.Unfortunately I opened up a credit card with Conn's to get the 0% APR, but after this experience, I will never do business with them again. I don't mind being patient and waiting for my product, even AFTER they told me it was in stock... It's the miscommunication and poor business practices of not keeping me informed and wasting my PTO/time that makes me most angry. Go somewhere else where they actually know when their product is going to be available to be shipped to you, and not lie to you and give you the runaround.
2	The only thing I don't like, is when you apply online for credit.  The sales guys calls you up, like really?!? I went down and talked to them already and I just wanted to see if I could apply online without them talking to me, because I already talked to them at the store, but at that time I didn't want to feel like I was pressured into buying something right there and now.  So I figured applying online and see what kind of credit I can get. so that way I feel like I can take my time on choosing the product I like within my range of credit.  If I knew applying online would have them call me then I would not even try to apply online, defeats the purpose on telling everyone apply online, but will call you anyways.  :/
1	We spent $5000 on a TV, surround sound, blue ray, and wall mount. The sales person told us the old wall mount would not work. It actually did. We came back to return wall mount and buy a new kitchen table only to find out there was a restocking fee of 15% for the wall mount. Needless to say they would not accommodate us. Taking our business elsewhere.
1	While the credit application process is very easy to complete on line, that was where the good part of my experience ended.I found a reasonably priced leather love seat on line, for a little over $700.00. It said the center console was sold separately for an additional $100. When I get to the store to look at it.  This love seat is actually closer to $1600.00. Come to find out the love seat comes in 3 pieces,  each sold separately. The matching sofa was only $1300.00.  I do not think I will be back.  I found them grossly overpriced.
1	I won't bore you with a lengthy review. If you buy electronics and have issues with it just be warned Conn's service center is flat out horrible to deal with and this stores manger is absolutely no help in getting my issue resolved.Beauty is only skin deep. Conn's service/repair facility is horrible to deal with and the salesman that sold us an extended warranty for a laptop lied about having to send a defective item in for service. We were told we could exchange the laptop for a new one if it failed and that's isn't what happened. They have had the laptop for 9 days and counting and haven't even looked at it yet.
