1	seriously, how hard is it to make a decent fast food teryaki chicken bowl? and marble sized shumai?  what in the world?  if you're totally destitute and you can't find any other restaurant to spend your last dime on, then go ahead, you have been forewarned.how do they stay in business is my question
1	I probably should have yelped it before I went there.  But I was on the road and craving a rice bowl.  The place is dark (makes it dingy for me) and it was so quite for a lunch crowd.  Ordered the house chicken togo.  The taste of the sauce was weird...  not to garlicy, just blah...  Very disappointed...  Never going back!
2	I was hoping to run into a Yoshi's, but I was on 32nd Street instead of 24th, so I went to this place instead. I ordered the #1 (teriyaki chicken and rice) with all white meat. The chicken was decent, if a bit on the dry side, but I didn't mind. The rice was good and sticky.  But there was merely a drizzle across the top of the bowl of teriyaki sauce. I got it to go, so when I got home and saw it, I was just disappointed. It wasn't bad, if I had ordered a dry bowl of rice with chicken on top...but alas, I won't be going back unless I am in dire straits and am out of options. It was just kinda bleh.
1	If you like your service poor and your food with hair cooked in it, you've found the right place. Nummy!I let the hair thing go ONCE. After all it's not as bad as MY cooking, but the second time it happened I let them know they had permanently lost my business. Their food is below greasy spoon quality as they do things to meat (at least I THINK it's meat) that are unholy. Like cooking their hair in your food and using salt by the pound on any dish. I used to love Kyoto bowl back in the nineties, but  I can see why so many of them are closing now. Bad food, bad service. Steer clear.
3	This is a frequent lunch spot for me, either to hang out with a good book or take it to go and eat at my desk. My favorite item is the Spicy Teriyaki Chicken bowl with brown rice. It's plenty hot (both in temp and spice), the chicken is moist and there's more than enough sauce to thoroughly mix with the rice. The place is always clean and there's usually a decent but not overwhelming crowd.
1	This place is nasty, the spring roll tasted liked it had been frozen for 50 years.  The  beef broccoli tasted like  dead cats.  The shrimp was stinky, like it was not washed, the chicken strips were tiny and had no flavor at all.
1	looks dirty and my simple to make teriyaki chicken bowl was drowned in the watered down sauce, but I was HUNGRY. So I ate it. mid way through I almost choked on a very sharp chicken bone and all for the low price of almost ten bucks for a bowl and small drink? The staff can barely speak English... dont think I will return.
5	Always a fav for fast food!! I been going to various locations and this isn't anything more but easy fast and yummy!
1	This place serves a poor excuse for japanese food. I dont understand how they keep their doors open with the product they serve. Nothing on the menu is worth trying. The man behind the counter is unfriendly and gave me a annoyed look when i asked for wasabi.
2	Not terrible food, but not good either.  I'd never go back because good food is very easy to come by out here.  I had the Sukiyaki beef bowl.  It was beef, cabbage, and onion over rice.  There was a sauce used, but it might have just been soy sauce.  I got salt and umami out of it.  It was pretty much just overcooked beef and veggies over bad rice that was very salty.  It was $7.XX, but I should have gotten a hamburger at Wendy's or a salad at Safeway, because that would have been better.  I dislike it when reviewers waste my time talking about decor, but holy straight out of the 1990's!  Really dim, none of the signs are on, and the wall menu was one of those big black panels with yellow lettering that was backlit.  It really set the stage for the D- food.  It felt like walking into a Bradley's or Caldoor in 1993.I don't want to give 1 star, because 1 star places really did something to deserve it.  This place was just extremely underwhelming.
3	Good food but the place is puzzling. Why so empty? The food when it's served could be hotter but I can't complain. I Iike the calorie count chart on the wall, I DONT like the way when I asked about it, the young lady behind the counter served a little bit of attitude. All in all I'm satisfied.
