4	I've been a semi-regular here for a couple of years now - I defy you to find better roti. I always go for goat, since I like saying the word 'goat'. The hot sauce is so good I bought a jar to take home. Intense but not too much so, and yet, you can taste the bitter/hot components.
1	I hate to spoil the party here, but I have to say that this was the worst restaurant experience of my time in Montreal. I must preface this sad review with the note that I was so super excited to eat here, I looked forward to coming for days and days while we had other obligations. But this place was a huge disappointment. The first problem we encountered was showing up at 8:30 PM. I admit I like to dine late, but Montreal is a late city - I have never heard of a resto closing so early. The problem was their website and door said they close at 9. But the owner, who was really nice and yet surly at the same time, said he could not seat us because they were closing at 9. So days went buy until I could return. I was really excited about the idea of having French-ethnic food...something Montreal should specialize in. But I later found out that this restaurant serves food from Guyana, not French Guyana - so it is actually a British colony. And we all know how British food is. Maybe that explains what we found - some of the most bland, tasteless, unspiced food I have ever eaten. This was not Caribbean food that I am familiar with; I worked one summer in Canarsie, Brooklyn - a huge Trinidadian community, where I dined on splendid roti every lunchday...beautifully spiced, wonderfully tasty food. I Not here. To be fair, we are vegetarian, and only had the chick pea and potato roti and main course (which was exactly the same, sans roti)...and I heard some repeat customers come in after us and order it with pumpkin. Apparently this is off-menu. And they did provide a bottle of hot sauce on the table. But the problem is that the hot sauce is too damn hot...and the food itself unspiced...so you have a choice of burn-your-mouth spicy or tasteless.And because I can't review a place without talking about atmosphere - they make an attempt here but it is a kind of pathetic one. The cheap chairs and formica tables aren't that bad, but a flashing sign in the window that reflects into the restaurant makes you feel as if you are dining beneath a peep show sign. It's that annoying.
4	Delicious! Yes, they close early and the decor is well ... meh. But this hole in the wall mom and pop joint is great for takeout when you don't feel like cooking but don't care for the standard takeout fare of pizza or burgers. I really enjoy their jerk chicken meal, the lunch size being perfect for me, the dinner size a bit too big (but then I share with my boyfriend). This isn't the kind of place I would necessarily go out of my way for, but as a neighborhood place I can pop into between errands to pick something up to have at home, it's great!A few reminders/fyis: they close pretty early and they only take cash.
5	Best West Indian Roti in Montreal.A few years ago my friend showed me this place after a long day of golf, and it remains as one of my favorite places to eat. First off let me start with the Roti. Roti is kind of like a burrito, but made with traditional 'roti' bread that is native to the west indies. The bread is stuff or wrapped with a curry mixture of your choice. I have two favorites and combinations - goat & split pea with or without pumpkin. The key to the pumpkin is that it adds a nice flavor and a little sweetness, this goes great with their homemade sauce - watch out the sauce packs a serious punch.A few other items that are my go to are the potato palouri & peanut punch. I have not tried any of the other meals, but from the reviews of friends they are great. This is a small establishment, ran by a husband and wife from Guyana. They are extremely nice and very friendly. This gives you a nice feel when you strike up a little conversation with them. Try it out for yourself, you will no be disappointed!
4	Went here on Monday and had a very good and reasonably priced jerk chicken dinner, after a starter of goat mulligatawny. The soup was fantastic, spicy broth with tender pieces of goat and vegetables cooked just right. Both the chicken and rice were top-notch. The salad that came with dinner was so-so, but everything else was a hard act to follow. Also they really need an air conditioner or at least more fans, it was a bit hot and stuffy. The food made it well worth it, however.
5	They do one thing right here...and that is everything on the menu! The decor and ambience are not worth noting...as others have said it is a bit of a hole in the wall. But remember, Alice went down a hold and it was magical. The food is prepared with attention and care. The tastes jump on your taste bud. The Jerk chicken is well spiced and very flavourful...not just spicy. The roti is excellent...make sure to ask for pumpkin! Looking for a Caribbean treat in the midst of our miserable winter...duck in here and enjoy. As a bonus...you can go to the little cupcake shop across the street for some dessert.
4	Typical '' mom and pop'' restaurant were the focus is on the food and not on the setting. Don't come here for the decor but for the food.I always get their goat roti to go, it tastes like heaven. I randomly get cravings for it.Their spicy sauce is also one of the best I've ever had and I'm a spice junky. I can't say how the rest of the menu is, as I always stick to the roti.
5	Best roti I've found in Montreal. The chickpea and pumpkin is my favourite!
5	Caribbean food, how I've missed you. Hello Guyana, thank you for existing, and you have an outlet just a couple of blocks away! Basically my new go-to, add some pumpkin to your favourite roti and savour the finest hot sauce in the region. I keep pouring it on, I keep feeling the burn, and I keep doing jumping jacks in my skull...the flavours are killer, you won't be let down. And the actual roti, wow, just delectable, perfect texture.Sweeeeeeet mom & pop spot with the chillest, happiest people making the most satisfying food. The pholourie is real nice too, and they have beer.I want to marry every meal I have here.
5	yes, you can jerk my chicken anytime!i was in the mood for some caribbean love and some jerk would have satisfy my craving. well, they did deliver!place was a little bit hard to find since it's tucked away on busy park avenue. found the place, saw that they have the yelp love logo thingy that you see here and there. knew that you can't go wrong.place doesn't look much at all. reminiscence of the good old church's basement. owners were in the kitchen busy doing their magic while i stood in the middle of the restaurant like a dead fish in water.. eventually, i got service and away they go. service is prompt enough.the jerk chicken: tender, moist, falling off the bone, packed with flavor and spices for one hell of a bite! there's some heat to it but nothing to sweat you off. it came with some rice and beans which was really good and some salad. salad did its job which is to cool your mouth a bit but that vinaigrette.. tasted like those kraft ones. i could bypass the vinaigrette.drink: got myself a pineapple drink which turns out to be a soft drink. tasted a bit pina colada-ish but nothing to write home about.there's a lunch and dinner version. i got there a bit late for the lunch but the dinner plate is not that big. its filling but you can still eat some more.they only take cash so bring cash. jerk chicken + drink cost me $15
