3	P.J. Clarke's opened tonight in the Forum Shops at Caesar's.  Our regular Friday Night gang met there last night for the last of their "soft openings."  In the interest of full disclosure, our dinner was comped, and was mostly limited to the evening's featured "softie" - burgers.  I say mostly, because when we got there, late, victims of the traffic that engulfed the Strip due to the influx of CES tourists, our friends were already gorging on a plate of raw oysters, and that wasn't on the list we were given.   We, too, were coming from the Convention center, and it took us 45 minutes to get to Caesar's, then another 10 to get the car valet'd, since that, too, was full.Hubster and I don't eat oysters, so our friends managed to convince them to bring us shrimp.  And gawd, those were the biggest damned shrimp I've ever seen.  They were terrific.The real freebie consisted of wine or beer, burgers, fries, and salad.  We're white wine drinkers, and there was no Riesling, just Chardonnay and Pino Grigio.  The Pino was super dry, so I had some Merlot.  The salad was one big disappointment, just a pile of ugly greens with a few thin slices of the tiniest baby radish I ever could imagine.  Your eight bucks won't get you anything else, not even a crouton.The burgers were great - fresh, meaty, not oversalted - but the buns were just ordinary.  I ordered mine with Vermont cheddar, sauteed onions, and mushrooms.  Toppings are $1.20 each, so that brought the burger close to $14, which I guess is par for the Strip, which is why we stick mostly local.  I also ordered a cup of coffee, and it was cold.What really drowned this place for us, though, was the water, pun intended.  The waiter asked whether we all wanted water.  I said "no," but got it anyway.  It was served in small glasses slightly larger than juice glasses, with no logo.  There was no brand to approve, no cork to sniff, no swirling nor sniffing.  Yet when we got the pretend bill, we noticed that THEY CHARGED FOR THE WATER!!!  What the hell are they thinking???  Has Lake Mead become a designer label??  And that, dear reader, is my death knell for this restaurant.The service was spotty.  The place wasn't more than one-third full, yet our waiter had some trouble keeping up and getting things right.  Service picked up tremendously when Marty, who said he was a busser, joined the team.  A young and earnest full-time Type A, he went over and above to see that we were satisfied.  He was definitely worth the price of admission.P.J. Clarke's is a venerable New York institution, in business since 1884, and that's no typo.  They're suddenly pushing to go national - they have a branch in Chicago, one that just opened in D.C., and now, Vegas.  I tried to check the website to see what the full menu is like, but the links on the Vegas page aren't working, at least on Firefox and Chrome.  (I don't go near IE).  IMHO, this is symbolic of the lengths they'll need to travel to distinguish themselves from all the competition in this town.  And if they persist in charging for tap water, it's going to be a long road to travel.
5	After an evening with Cher (along with 400 other people), Jeff and I were looking for a bite to eat.  We walked through the Forum shops and stumbled upon PJ Clarke's.  Given that it didn't have music blasting, a crazy-looking clientele or a line, we walked up to the menu board to check it out.  What we saw made us walk in.Our server(s) made us stay.Pretty much every person working tonight stopped by to check on us.  Most of them were eager to share their favorites, share a story or offer us something else.  At first, I thought I was going to be annoyed, but later I appreciated the genuine honesty and desire to serve of the staff.  We split a crab cake.  It was, in a word, delicious.  For the price, however, it had better be!  The crab cakes is mostly crab, there was only a slight crust on the top.  Jeff ordered fresh clams and oysters.  He said that they were fresh and good.  (I was slightly grossed out watching him eat them.)  Jeff had a burger.  He inhaled it, so I assume that it was good.  Rather than get fries, he asked for sauteed spinach.  It was fresh-tasting and perfectly cooked.  I originally was going to order the fish and chips, but they had run out.  The waitress, Lisa, suggested the trout.  Oh my goodness.  It was unlike any fish I've ever tried.  It is pan fried, in a cast iron skillet.  On top, they have sliced potatoes, bacon, capers and mushrooms.  I know that it sounds strange, but it is absolutely delicious.  I asked for a few pretzel rolls.  They came with a bit of dijon butter.  All of that together, even better.  I almost licked the plate.  It would have been a perfect meal, had I not found a piece of plastic wrap under the fish.  No big deal.  I had already finished, but I did want to let our waitress know, so that the kitchen can be more careful.  Lisa took the fish off the bill.  Super class!  I will return here, the next time I am in town.
4	The wife and I went here to see the Steelers beat the Jets in the AFC championship game. I've been to PJ Clarke's in NYC a few times so I wanted to see how this was. The location on the 1st floor of the newer Forum Shops area is kinda weird but the set up is pretty nice. I can't believe Villa Reale was in the same spot a year ago. It was pretty easy to find 2 stools at the bar. Beer prices were standard for the strip. I can't justify paying $7 for a pint of Miller Lite so I opted for $10 bottles of Duvel. You're pretty buzzed after 3 of those babies. The bar has an interesting widescreen TV built into the wall. Its a set of 8 screens that combine into one and can separate to 2, 4 or 8 things showing. It looks like a mirror when the TV is off which is kinda cool. The lines between the screens still annoyed my when watching the game on the full screen though. The bartender told me the bar was able to obtain this pre CES and its the only place in the US to have one. He also said it cost more than 6 figures to purchase and install which is kinda crazy. We also got an order of fried calamari Rhode Island style which had a lot of hot peppers on it and tasted great. This is also the only place I've ever ordered calamari where no tentacles were served. I dig the tentacles!! Raw bar looked awesome but its hard to compete with Joe's right across the way. The bartender also said they haven't done any marketing for the place yet. What's taking so long?
3	We received the wrong order but still a good meal.  Could have been an epic fail but worked out okay.I ordered the chopped sirloin and received the skirt steak instead. It worked out since I really liked the skirt steak but that is a big mistake to make since it's a totally different cut and about $10 more per person.  It was well seasoned and not tough, order the sauce with a little spice (can't remember the name) on the side as it goes perfect with the steak. Along with the skirt steak I had the french onion soup which had a great sherry taste and lots of onion. I would definitely recommend it with your meal. If you don't want to do "fine dining" and are tired of gorging at the buffets, this place has a varied menu and is worth checking out if you are in the Caesars Palace area. I wouldn't make a special trip to go here, however as I thought it was somewhat overpriced.
4	Visited this gastropub on a sat night. The service was great & for what we had ordered I definitely enjoyed every bite of it! Onto the food review:*Crisp Monterey Calamari (Rhode Island Style)*  -has a spicy kick to it with garlic & jalepenos!  YUM!*Cripsy Duck Salad*   -the pomegranate seeds & vinaigrette complements well w/ the duck.  -the duck portion was big -  DELISH!*Steamed Penn Cove Mussels & Fries*  -a whole pot of mussels with cherry tomoatoes - YUM!*Bubble & Sqeak*  -it was good but nothng special, tasted like a big ol tater tot/    hasbrown cake.
4	I initially found out about this place from our cab driver. He told us the owner spent 8 million dollars building this restaurant so I had to check it out. This place knows how to make a burger right! When you say medium rare, you actually see and taste the differenceI got: "The Cadillac" Smoked Country Bacon & American with swiss cheese with sauteed mushrooms I also tried the tater tots, sweet potato fries, and the pesto chicken sandwich which were all very good. And on top of all that, this place is actually very well priced for Vegas standards. I think my burger was 18 dollars after all the additions. Definitely check it out if you plan on shopping at the forum shops.
4	Great staff with food to match.  Cocktails are superb.  These folks now how to run a restaurant and make sure everyone has a good time. People are just learning about the place in Vegas, so go now before everyone finds out about it.  It will be everyone's favorite place soon!
4	I originally went for a job, haha. And, from there, I learned how extremely friendly and cheerful the staff is. Granted, I did no get hired (their loss, there's always next time!) I went back to follow up on my status and decided to eat a little something. I absolutely adore the atmosphere! It's very Irish pub, LOVE! The menu is amazing. Since I was on my own, I decided to order an appetizer and a soup. I sat at their gorgeous bar and met Woody, another Las Vegas native! Wow! First came my French onion soup. It arrived piping hot and gooey with Swiss cheese. PERFECT!  Next came the  Crisp Parmesan tater tots with roast red pepper aioli! Yup, I said tater tots! And the texture was not Ore-Ida!!! So smooth inside and so crispy on the outside. I'm not a bell pepper fan unless it's a red bell...and the aioli has red bell in it! So different. At first I said 'What the...' and then it was ALLLLL-RIIIIIGHT! I'm taking my brother for the pastrami and I, myself, will try the oysters, next. I can't wait!!!I don't think they cater, but they host parties! yay!
2	Wine selection very average, so I decided to get a beer.   Glass/beer smelled strongly of bleach and bartender got annoyed when I asked for a new glass.   WTH?
5	So glad I stopped in here for lunch on my way out of the hotel. I had a Fried Oyster Po'Boy, chips and a beer for about 25 bucks - not bad by Vegas standards. The sandwich itself was delicious. Homemade sea salt chips were an excellent side. Service was incredibly attentive - overall a great experience.
4	Located in the forum shops of Caesar's Palace and is definitely a great place to have a affordable and delicious meal in Vegas.Went in late Saturday afternoon for lunch and sat down immediately. It was actually the Saturday before Superbowl so the waiters/waitresses were talking about how the place gets crowded and popular to watch the game since they have a wall of TV's set up in the restaurant. The service was great. The food was even better. I ordered: "Roast Free Range Turkey Club, Smoked Bacon" I personally don't like the chibata bread all that much because it's a little tougher than I can handle but this sandwich had a lot of flavor and was plenty chewable. They're known for their burgers which I had a bite of which was an A+ "The Cadillac Burger" - Smoked country bacon & American. Added on swiss cheese and sauteed mushrooms. One of the juicest, well cooked burgers I've had yet. For less expensive but better food in Vegas, definitely check out P.J. Clarke's!!
4	In my never-ending search for the BFH (Burger From Heaven), I had one at P.J. Clarke's.It was quite good, but not sublime. Certainly not in the same league as Burger Bar or Bradley Ogden.Most notable single element was mozzerella as a cheese choice; I wish more restaurants offered that. The service at PJC, however, was some of the best I"ve ever had at a Vegas restaurant. From the host, to the wait staff and busboys, it was : prompt, friendly and efficient. You know how some times you leave a tip because you think you have to...In this case, I wanted to.And by the way, there is a back-room dining area that is quieter than the more touristy front area, and has a juke-box (free) with some of the best music ever: from Sinatra to Ray Charles to Nat Cole to Stevie Ray Vaughn. That makes everything better.
4	Pj Clarke's is decorated similarly to it's neighbor, Joe's Stone Crab.  Lots of pictures hung of long gone celebrites, brass and wood and leather, but with red checked tablecloths.  The room is really cool.  Check out the details of the ceiling and the light fixtures.  Totally cool.Service was outstranding.  There was barely anyone in there.  The food was great for the most part.  Not light at all.  Menu reads like an American, East Coast Bistro and even looks, physically like a bistro menu.  I've read people erroneously referring to PJ Clarkes as a "gastropub", but that is not the case.  Wishful thinking on local forgotten foodwriters' parts that Vegas get it's first real gastro.  This place is a lot more like Mon Ami Gabi than Longman and Eagle.Regarding the food, the bacon dates were the best I've had outside of Firefly.  The clam and oyster pot was rich as hell, but tasty.  The famous burger didn't do much for me.  Reminded me of the greasy, 2 inch thick burgers on a cheap bun my mom used to make us on the stovetop way back when.  The bun soaks up the grease and sticks to the patty, forming a doughy shell around the meat.
1	Avoid!! My gastrointestinal system and I deeply regret those tasteless $1 oysters :( Also, my friend ordered a French 75, the bartender had no clue what it was and, instead of admitting as much, looked it up in a book and ended up simply pouring champagne and gin into red wine glass, which was not really what we wanted (to pay for). Also when we asked for the check, we got the wrong person's bill. Sigh.
5	The husband found this place in search for a streakhouse.  The menu offered a variety of food from Seafood to burgers to steaks.  Their steaks were a little pricey.  But there's one item there, 1/2 the price of their high end steaks.  It was the Steak Frites and it was delicious.  It was very tender and flavorful (although, it depends on the sauce you choose, in this case, I chose the classic sauce).  It's a skirt steak (I think), so it's a thin steak.  But it was good.Service was outstanding.  Our server checked up on us frequently and the best part, there was no wait.....considering it was a Saturday evening.
4	Nice bistro menu.  Loud, pub / sports bar atmosphere, but certainly tolerable.Had a prime steak - best cut of meat I've had in months!  Well prepared, well served.  Sides were good as well.Great meal - just make sure you don't go in thinking price range is the same as Applebees.
5	Such a good place to eat! The service was seriously fantastic and the burger was soooo damn good. I dont remember the names of the desserts we got it was a couple months ago when I went here but my GOD where they AMAZING. One of them was their own home made cinnamon ice cream... wow. Please try it.Can't wait to go back here next time I'm in vegas.
4	I saw this place on my previous trip to Vegas and recognized the name from trips to NY. The place wasn't very busy but it was the day after 4th of July and a Tuesday. We were seated promptly in an "outside area" inside the Forum Shops. We had a great view of the constant mob of humanity parading in the Forum. Our waiter was friendly, efficient and willing to make suggestions. My wife and I enjoyed our wedge salads, cold crisp lettuce, bacon, blue cheese chunks with blue cheese dressing. My wife had the French Onion soup and enjoyed the hint of sherry in the broth. I had the Skirt Steak with shoestring potatoes and the 10 ounce portion was cooked medium rare as requested, served with a generous portion of crispy shoestring potatoes with an herbed butter (at the waiters suggestion) that was about perfect. The whole experience was very relaxed, pleasant and entertaining. Put the word out folks, this place is really pretty good. Not gonna blow you away, but it ain't gonna break the bank either.
4	I love NY institutions, but didn't know anything about P.J. Clarke's until I saw an ad on Las Vegas Magazine.  Established in 1884, this Vegas version at The Forum Shops at Caesars caught my eye for the "Oyster Riot" Happy Hour they have from 3-6 Sunday-Thursday.  You get fresh shucked oysters for $1 each!  I had 6 and they were very good.  Not only that, you buy a drink and get one free, including wine by the glass.  The Tater Tots were also tasty. The ambiance does have a NY vibe, but I wish the music stuck to the classics and standards.  I only heard one Sinatra song when I was there.  Next time, I wish to order a Cadillac Burger, since it was recommended by Nat King Cole.  I hope I will be enjoying it while listening to a Nat King Cole tune, and not a country song.
4	The New York strip au poivre was fantastic. I had Yukon mashed potatoes with it, also really good. The only knock on P.J. Clarke's is that it's basically in the shopping mall that is Caesar's Palace. We sat out front, which didn't help the ambiance. My advice is ask to sit as far away from the hustle and bustle of the tourists as possible.
4	Pretty tasty food! The Cadillac hamburger ($17.90) is really good!  My husband and I asked to share it and they actually brought it out cut in half for us on two plates.  So nice!  The parmesan tater tots ($9.90) are also pretty amazing.  We also got the selection of east and west coast oysters ($32), which is a nice number of oysters.  Some were a little grainy but others were quite creamy and delicious.  Ask for the server to recommend the best oysters and just get those.The servers were very attentive.  It's located in the far back section of the Forum Shops near the entrance to the strip.  If you park at Caesars, it's a pretty long walk.The restaurant has a private room in the back called the Sidecar.  If you ask for Sidecar membership (it's free!) you can get free access to the room.  Great for large groups or a private dinner. And there is no extra charge unless you ask for special catering.  If I get a chance to use it, I'll re-review.
4	I tried $1 oysters for their happy hour and a caesar salad. They were yummy. Staff was friendly. I forgot my credit card there and they were beyond helpful with helping me locate it.
3	Tater totts are just OK... There is no kids menu.. Waiter seemed in his own world and wasn't really there. The burger is not bad, not great tho. You can get a better burger at Bachi burger off the strip.
5	Great place for happy hour. The oysters are fresh, smell and taste like the ocean, hard to resist. Let's not forget the 2 for 1 cocktails! Highly recommend!
4	Fresh Oysters are the best during Happy Hour here....99 cents oysters during happy hour! WOW...That's Vegas!
3	P.J.s was Ok - over-priced for the quality of food, but that is about standard for the strip I guess.  My wife, a couple friends and I stopped in for a quick bite before heading out of town.  In general the food is pretty good, but there are some execution problems.  French fries where over done, Caprese salad was drowned in vinaigrette, and the fish and chips were drowned in grease.  The other entrees we got were fine - I got salmon which was very well cooked and my two friends got a burger, and mini-tacos (I have never seen tacos that small...but he reported they were good)The atmosphere is nice - close and intimate.Overall, I would recommend passing on P.J.s
3	Date/Time:  Tuesday - 3pmOccasion:  HH, post-shopping at the Forum ShoppesParty of:  TwoLocation:  Caesars; definite bar/pub feel. Ordered: Two dozen pebble beach oysters, french onion soup, and french dip sandwichTotal incl gratuity: ~$60Pretty cool place to go to for HH.  We spent the morning and early afternoon wandering the forum shoppes and built up our appetite for HH.  Afterall, who can pass up $1.00 oysters?  As expected, the place was really quiet for a Tuesday afternoon at 3pm.  We were seated at the oyster bar and we ordered two dozen fresh shucked oysters.  The mignonette the oysters are served with was tart and tasty!  We couldn't get enough.  The oysters were a big yet flavorful.The french onion soup was so salty but SOOO good.  I was really impressed.  The broth was very strong; one of the best I've had.  The only complaint was the aftermath.  I was dying of thirst afterwards.  I sat down at the tables to gamble and downed four bottles of water.  I only had a nibble of the french dip sandwich.  Soggy bread isn't really my thing so it definitely wasn't my choice entree.The servers at the oyster bar worked very quickly, efficiently, and were very friendly.  Service is definitely above-par.  Total bill: $60.00 - a little steep considering it was happy hour, too.  Might return for some of that french onion soup.
4	I came here on a comp dinner deal so I didn't even look at the menu and our lovely server brought us delicious meals.Drinks: some mixture of grand mangier and sweet fruit juice. Just sweet enough for my girly taste and enough alcohol for the guys to love and make me in a jolly mood.Starters: tuna tar tar mini tacos - a bit small to fill my taste buds but pretty tasteybrocolli and cheese dip - SO deliciouse, especially getting some of the burnt cheesy parts to eat with tortilla chipsSalads:Ceasar salads - was a bit upset that it wasn't anything unusual but it was good and the croutons tasted like they were made fresh. Tomato Onion and Mozerella Chesse - The Cheese was so rich it almost tasted like nothing but melted in the mouth. Perfect combo with the tomato and onions drizzled in sweet balsamic vinegar. Dinner: Cheese burgers - Not a fan of the choice but the meat was very tender Fish Sticks - way too many fries compared to the fish but the fish tasted sooo yummy. Chicken Pot Pie - my favorite dinner dish. I think it would taste fine without the chicken (being a vegetarian fan) but i will admit the chicken was good and it made me think of my grandma. haha! Desert:Chocolate Cake - Way too sweet for my taste buds but is definitely rich and if a chocolate lover, a must have.New York Cheese cake- Delicious, i love cheese cakes, this desert was finished first in our table. Other than food, Service is AWESOME.. one of the best servers and managers I've encountered on the strip. Definitely makes you want to come back to enjoy a good time. :)
3	meh. while Justin B. enjoyed his $1 oysters for happy hour (i think daily from 2:45 to 6pm), there really werent any options for a non-oyster eater like myself. the entire happy hour at PJ Clarke's consists of only the $1 oysters haha. from reading previous reviews and from even searching online, i was at least looking forward to happy hour 2 for 1 drinks but was sadly informed by our oyster-shucker, Danny that they stopped that drink promotion :( he kindly let us do 1 round of 2 for 1 since we mentioned it...but was a bummer that i couldnt get more to drink at happy hour haha. Justin B. seemed to enjoy his 3 dozen oysters at the bar and i ended up ordering the Cadillac Burger since i noticed a sign in front of the restaurant that dubbed it the 'best burger in vegas' - it was actually pretty good and i did enjoy it but probably wouldnt go as far as saying its the best out there...overall enjoyed my experience here b/c Danny was such a helpful and attentive server, but i sure do wish that PJ Clarke's will expand its happy hour menu selection. Danny assures us that something is in the works for that so maybe next time that im in town, i'll be curious enough to check it out...
4	came here for $1 oysters during happy hour (4pm to 6pm) and was very happy with the food. Oysters: very freshParmesan Tater Tots: SOOO good!Crab Cakes: also very good, very little fillers and primarily lump crab meat inside. Tuna Tartare Tacos: good, but portions were a little small for my likingCalamari: very good, like breading on calamri. good dipping saucewould go back for more :)
4	Pros: $1 oyster happy hour from 2:45 to 6Cons: No drink specials during happy hourCraving a midday snack, my fiancee and I happened to see a sign for $1 oyster happy hour from 2:45 pm to 6 pm.  I love oysters.  I love oysters for $1 dollar even more.  We sat at the oyster bar and our service was pretty good.  I ended up eating 3 dozen oysters by myself. Yippie.They have a pretty good burger here too, but you should definitely come for the oyster happy hour. Only bummer was there wasn't any drink specials.
4	Cool, relaxing place to grab a beer/cider in Caesars.  The atmosphere is nice...love the tile floors.  The service is friendly too!
4	I came here and had dinner with my fiance a few weeks ago and we LOVED IT!! The staff was very helpful and was able to recommend a delicious wine with our meal.The appetizers were good and my steak was amazing! :pI would def. go back there again!
4	I had never heard of this place until I saw it on the Restaurant Week line up.  I had the parmesan tater tots which were not like the tater tots we used to get in school (is that good or bad?  you decide).  They were smooth like mashed potatoes on the inside and crunchy on the outside.  The salmon was nicely cooked, but I didn't care for the sauce.  The kalamata olives overpowered everything else.  The cheesecake was good.  My companion had the steak frites which was huge.  The steak was perfectly cooked and tasty.  The fries were nothing special, but not terrible either.  The service was a bit strange.  I had to ask for the Restaurant Week menu which earned me an eye roll.  I imagine that the servers don't like this menu due to the price point, but it is irritating to see them express this.  Beyond that, the service was sometimes great with the glasses being refilled promptly, etc.  About halfway through the meal, I think we were forgotten as the service level fell off considerably.  I liked the atmosphere in general and would come back to try it again.  this time, I'll give the eye roll a free pass, but next time, I'll let it be know how rude this is.
2	I have about a 70% success rate with Yelp. 70% of the time, I will agree with the average ratings.  Lunch here however was in the unfortunate 30%.The $15 classic burger was tiny ... and not just because it was already cut in half for us.  It was tasty but I didn't think worth $15.  That's okay though, everything in Vegas seems more expensive.  They were out of sweet potato fries.  I feel that things shouldn't run out in Vegas. So we ordered the "shoestring fries" instead ... I don't know about your shoestrings, but my shoestrings aren't the size of telephone cables.  Most of this wouldn't warrant a 2 star review since service was fine.  BUT when Fred gets 4 bug bites on his leg and I get 2 bug bites all from sitting there for lunch, it's time to get up a go.  I don't know if it was fleas or what ... but our ankles itched and swelled up and we needed to hightail it out of there.  Who knows, maybe (and hopefully for them) a unique incident - but not one we're going to come back to test again.
4	I came here strictly for the $1 oyster happy hour. Boy was that a good call on my part. I sat at the oyster bar and ate 2 dozen oysters that were that day's happy hour special and also tried 1 of each of the other 4 varieties that were regular price ~$3 each. All oysters were very fresh and tasty. I will be back there when I'm out in Vegas next time.
2	Not really that impressed.  It looked like it could have been a really cool place to eat, so I'm a little disappointed.We got our food to go and ordered it from the bar.  The bartender wasn't the least bit friendly.  He seemed irritated that we were there at all.  He was however, very nice when he told us we needed to move.  The burger that I ordered was alright, I kind of gave up on eating it...it was one that you put together yourself and the ingredients that they gave me to do so weren't cooperating with each other.  I ended up covered in ketchup and at least half my burger uneaten.  The fries were soggy too, like maybe they had a light rinse before they were thrown in the box.The clam chowder was really good though.  But I don't know if that's even saying much, I'm pretty sure nobody makes their soup from scratch these days.I may venture back for the $1 oysters though.  Maybe.
3	In a word: Bland...We arrived and had no problem getting seated right away even though we were a party of 7 without a reservation and this was a Friday night in the summer.Our waiter was best described as an aspiring actor because from the word go he was 'on stage' trying to entertain us while going throught the usual excercise of telling us about his favorites on the menu, the story behind the restaurant, how they prepare their food, etc. For the most part it was entertaining until we asked for regualar ice water instead of bottled and he launched into a speech about how bad the water from Lake Mead is to drink and that its 'filled with discarded anibiotics' which he said make prescribed antibiotics less effective at best! Huh?? I've lived in Las Vegas for over 20 years and I've never heard this and I've never had a problem with antibiotics being less than effective. At this point it became obvious he was just trying to do a hard upsell on us to get the bottled water. I insisted on the tap water and he got it for us.As far as the food, the waiter was talking up the 'amazing, incredible, signature appetizer' which was tater tot like potato cakes. Well after a buildup like that, we decided to try a few orders for the table. We discovered that they were exactly like regular tater tots except perhaps the texture of them was a bit creamier than the store bought version. Strike two for the waiter's credibility.I also ordered the clam chowder and this was the absolute highlight of the evening, hands down the best bowl of New England Style chowder I've ever had. Next we ordered our entrees. I ordered the fish and chips and my daughter ordered the steak. We were told by our waiter that the place is know for their beef in particular because its sourced from some ranch in the midwest where the cows roam on 20,000 acres, etc. My fish and chips were absolutely bland as bland could be. I had to resort to drowning them in malt vinegar and tartar sauce to make them edible. As for the famous, incredible steak they are known for...tough and it had a strange texture. Strike three.All in all this experience was very hit and miss at best, probably more miss than hit. Were it not for the clam chowder, I'd rate this at two stars. I won't be going back.
1	I give the P.J. Clarkes at the Las Vegas, Ceasar'/ Palace  one star only because my order of lobster mac and cheese was really good, otherwise this deserves a negative star if it were possible. i am glad the place now shows 3 dollar signs on yelp,because it had 2 at the time i looked with good reviews ,which was the main reason we went in the first place.When i visited in July  the place was supposed to close at 12am, when my party of 5 came in at 10.50, we were informed before we even said how many, that the kitchen was going to close soon and asked if  we were sure we wanted to come in.  Not enirely sure how that's good business, but we stupidly sat down anyway.  The waiter started off pretty rude, but started telling us about an annoying group he had waited on before us and then got nicer, which I understood, but still what do I care if other people suck its his job to be cordial to customers.  Then after giving us flat soda, and forgetting two times to get us new drinks, and 15minutes of waiting, we finally ordered.  Two orders of Fish and Chips,  my lobster mac n cheese, the famous pj burger, and calamari.  ten minutes later the waiter informed my boyfriend that they had run out of hamburger (which i think is so stupid for a restaurant to do), and asked if he wanted anything else.  so my boyfriend ordered a filet mignon neat,  the waiter said he would go ahead and throw in some fries for the inconvenience.  then he came back 3minutes to say that the chef didnt want to serve a steak with fries.  SERIOUSLY, what kind of a pretentious jerk says that? my boyfriend asked to talk to the chef if it was going to be a problem, but the waiter quickly said he would take care of it.  finally we get our food.  somehow the steak is dry as hell and bland, weird because it was ordered medium cooked.  everything else tasted pretty good, the problem was that both people who ate the fish and chips, ended up with the runs and it defintiely was not from anything else they'd eaten earlier.  it just was a sucky experience. one of the few times yelp really let me down.  :(
4	Walking by the forum shops at Caesar's Palace and Christine S spotted the $1 oyster happy hour deal. Starving foodies that we were, we popped in and sat at the oyster bar.Ordered:Parmesan Tater Tot Appetizer -- holy smokes were these good!! Simple, delicious fried semi mashed potatoes rolled in heavenly crust sprinkled with parmesan. I left Vegas thinking about these tater tots.$1 Oysters, extremely fresh. + the tiny tabasco bottles were adorable & fun. They were very generous with the oyster accompaniments as well.Burger w/ mushrooms, came with fries. I was impressed at how tasty this simple burger tasted.Sweet Corn Side -- I'm not much of a corn lover but Christine liked them OK.Service... the oyster bar shucker man rocked! He shucked, held conversation, took our orders, served us food all while shucking oyster after oyster after oyster.... I would've put 3 stars for this place but the tater tots & our oyster shucker server ROCKED so 4 stars it is =]
4	Vegas SEVEN Magazine - Article Reads: "..fresh, coarse French grind of Meyer Ranch Red Angus beef..intensely beefy taste." Geeeez, I'm sold!"'The Cadillac'": Smoked Country Bacon & American plus a side of Bearnaise sauce: I was gonna go simple but I was cravin' bacon. The burger came just as described except they tucked away onion slices underneath the burger.. Yeah, if you want it then pull it out and add as you please (never seen that before). The burger was Phenomenal! Definitely Top 3 I've had here in Vegas, thus far.. The burger was Perfectly Seasoned I mean another dash of salt would of been too much.. The Meat just sang to my taste buds, that Beef Flavor was Not to be Reckoned with! Nice couple thick strips of meaty crunchy bacon was Excellent and Cheese just Brought some Wholesome Creaminess! The Bearnaise sauce, Just forget about it!! I love bearnaise sauce and their rendition was mouth watering! Burger + Bearnaise Sauce = Worth Crying Over!! "Crisp Parmesan Tater Tots with Tomato Jam": Only 8 pieces of normal sized Tater Tots and a dip.. The Tots were okay, heavy and compacted (I'd take Sonics - airy, crispy, salty tots anyday over this one). The dip was kinda sweet and I didn't care for it much.. I love Tots but these didn't deliver in my opinion. Not to mention they were almost $9 Bucks!!Located at one end of the Forum shops (Las Vegas Blvd. Side). If your just aiming to dine here, you may want to park at the Valet located at this end of the hotel or your gonna have to hike it a bit (maybe a good idea considering the calories packed in this one meal). The Server/Bartender was real mellow and composed, Atmosphere kinda like a pub and The Burger was a Vegas Treasure!!!!!
5	Happy Hour $1 oysters!!! You can't find a better place for delicious oysters than PJ Clarke's. The servers are fabulous and extremely efficient. I don't think my water glass was ever empty.  They really do go out of their way to provide excellent service! The host will even pull out your chair for you.
4	Great food.  Nice ambiance.  Helpful super dooper awesome staff.Expensive!  And I hate feeling like I got ripped off.
5	Amazing food. Spicy calamari and tomato soup spectacular. Nice to watch the people walking by. Terrific service.
4	Came by here last sat night and got seated right away.  French onion soup great, oysters were great and the filet Oscar style was delish. Gotta love our waiter Matt who made our night really fun, he was hilarious!  We sat out front and had a fab time!
4	Good food and service.  Food is expensive.  We stayed in the seafood catagory.  Claims to have the best burger on the strip, don't know, didn't try it.  I am not sure I will be back due to how expensive they were for the small portions.  Too many good places in Las Vegas, one is Joe's Steak and Seafood which is a few steps away.
4	After sampling two great oysters and a really tasty Parmesan Tater Tot during the Yelp Elite event in the Side Car, Diane and I decided to repay the favor by having a full dinner in P.J. Clarke's main dining room.  It was an eye opener, because before this meal I didn't know that this establishment was a fine bastion of comfort food. We opened with what turned out to be the only discordant note of the evening: Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail.  The Cocktail Sauce was great, but for only 4 large shrimps at over $18 for the dish, the shrimp had better be great, too!  And, unfortunately for us and the rating for this review, these crustaceans were only mediocre.  Although they looked fine enough, they were tough, hard, and had little flavor.  But the meal was far from over, and I still kept an open mind after our stumbling start.What a great recovery!  The excellent French Onion Soup Gratinee that I was served was sweet and delicious--maybe the best I've ever savored of hundreds I've tried from coast to coast and around the world, since this is one of my favorite dishes and I order it almost every time I see it on a restaurant menu.  Our server, Anthony, said that the onions are sweated separately before they are put in the soup, and the cheese is a combination of Gruyere and Swiss, with the top browned with Parmesan.  As a photo reveals, this soup was bursting with cheese on the edges of the crock, and visible bubbles on the cheese covering glistened as if heralding that something special would be found inside.  Carefully breaking through the cheese with a knife, hot broth, a well-melted crouton, and well-caramelized onions came to view.  The broth was hearty and melded well with the cheese that fell inside along with the soup's other ingredients.  Not a hint of bitterness was detected in the dish.  The white crock in which the soup was served was large but I would not have minded if its bottom had been endless.Next for me was a Chicken Pot Pie.  It arrived in a white elongated dish that was shaped much like a shark.  The doughy top of the pot pie was tanned and taut.  It wasn't smoking at all.  But I needn't have been concerned.  For, when I broke through the thin crust, the contents were piping hot and truly delicious: a generous amount of white chicken meat, potato chunks, and carrot and celery bits, all combined in a tasty and creamy White Sauce.After recent repeated disappointments in landing a medium-rare hamburger at different establishments in town, Diane was thrilled with her medium-rare Cadillac Burger, containing tasty bacon and a slice of American Cheese.  When the cheeseburger was cut in half, you could clearly see the redness across the middle of the 8-oz. burger, as another photo discloses.  I tasted the burger, and it was juicy and delicious even on a plain bun, which is the way my vegetable-hating wife likes her burgers.  And, even the accompanying French Fries tasted great!  Plus, there are always the Tater Tots available to opt for next time.We finished with a delicious shared Bread Pudding a la Mode finished with a very nice La Creme Bourbon Sauce that a diner can pour out to his or her desire, and Cinnamon Ice Cream.  The ice cream was pretty scanty, and we got through it before the dish was half-finished.  So, I requested more.  It was quickly brought to the table without extra charge.Service by Anthony and his assistant was excellent throughout the meal.  Extra ice was even provided in an extra glass without request to refresh my Iced Tea.  Great comfort food at a high but fair price for the quality of ingredients, and everything prepared and baked in house!  This was a five-star experience except for our appetizer, which brought the overall rating down a notch.  Next time, it's oysters for me!  For, after this experience, there will definitely be a "next time" fairly soon.
4	Had about the best calamari I have ever had here.  Very friendly service.  Tons of great burger choices.  Oyster here are awesome too.
4	Our hotel room wasn't ready, so the GF and I decided to check out P.J. Clarke's for lunch.   Since we had dinner reservations for later that evening, we were looking for a reasonably light meal.  After perusing P.J. Clarke's menu, we opted to split the Torn Basil Chicken Sandwich ($14.95) and an order of the Lobster Mac & Cheese ($24.50) between us.  Our server, smartly, took the initiative to have the kitchen split the sandwich and plate each half separately.  The shredded chicken breast was moist and tender, resting on thick slices of mozzarella cheese and tomato and topped with a flavorful basil pesto.  Unfortunately, our server misheard our lobster mac & cheese order and we received a side of regular mac & cheese instead.  When we noted the mistake, she immediately corrected the order and we received a freshly-made dish of lobster mac & cheese.  P.J. Clarke's doesn't use elbow macaroni in its lobster mac & cheese; electing to use what appeared to be orecchiette instead.  The dish was worth the wait!  It was the best lobster mac & cheese I've had the pleasure eating with its nice cheesiness and ample amount of nicely done claw meat.  A bit pricey, but not outrageous, all things considered.  P.J. Clarke's provided an enjoyable experience capped off with solid service.  It was worth the time and our dime.
3	Burger was delicious! But not really $15 worth of burger. Fries definitely weren't worth the $6. Go for the baked squash.. Better bang of the buck.  Apparently they have $1 oysters for happy hour but nothing else. But if you're looking for a good burger, definitely worth the stop (if you have the budget for it).
4	Stopped in the midst of an epic casino crawl for the 'Mad Men Special' - Iceberg wedges and Manhattans. Amazing oyster bar, extremely cheerful and attentive staff, definitely recommended.
3	Our server, Chuck was great.  I started with the Aviation cocktail and the Rhode Island calamari and loved both.  I guess some people don't like the floral aspect of the cocktail and our server hung around while I sampled it to make sure I was going to like it - something I really appreciate.My calamari was perfectly cooked and served with a dipping sauce and pickled peppers that were just the right spice level.  Not hot at all, just nicely flavorful.  The portion was generous and I would be happy to come back again for this dish and maybe just another app.For my entree I ordered the steak frites, which was a 10 oz skirt steak, a cut of meat I really love.  All of the steaks came with your choice of sauce and I selected the au poivre, but wish I hadn't.  My steak was cooked as ordered, but the sauce was not to my liking.  I have had steak au poivre before, but this was lacking the distinctive pepper flavor and instead of being able to taste the cream and cognac, it had more of a beef gravy-like flavor that wasn't very good.  The fries were OK.After two generous dishes, I did not have room for dessert, but don't feel as though I was missing anything.  The selections were very humdrum - bread pudding, cheesecake, ice cream, etc.Still, I would go back just for that great cocktail and calamari.
5	After a little winning in the poker room, the husband and I did some shopping at the Forum Shops and ended up deciding on lunching here and are both thrilled we did.Both the service and the food way exceeded our expectations and we wished we had a little more time to have eaten here again before we left.We shared tomato soup that came with a small sliver of a delicious grilled cheese sandwich. We also had the warm goat cheese salad with a wonderful green goddess dressing and finally, we shared a french dip sandwich with a side of yukon gold mashed potatoes instead of french fries. Our waitress was great, refilling our drinks and even splitting our sandwich so Kevin could have cheese on his half and I could have mine without it. It was a great French dip and a great meal overall!
4	Oyster Bar Review:Catch the $1 Oysters at P.J. Clarke's afternoon happy hour everyday from 3pm - 6pm.  After an afternoon of shopping at the Forums, I decided to treat myself to a dozen of these beauties at the Oyster Bar.  Ryan, the shucker at the station, was super friendly and chatted it up with us as I stuffed my face with Skookum oysters.  Each day highlights a different oyster for the happy hour special, with some from Washington, British Columbia, and California.  The oysters were incredibly fresh and plump; they certainly don't skimp on the choices.  Sitting at the oyster bar is a fun way to see the shucking take place and chat it up with other oyster lovers.  While I didn't stay for dinner, the menu offers an array of steak, seafood, soups, and a good cocktail drinks list.  If the oyster bar experience is any indication for the rest of the establishment, I would definitely want to come back.  This restaurant just opened earlier this year (they are based primarily on New York City), so I'm looking forward to hearing more buzz about this place.
4	We used to love the PJ Clarke's in New York, where the hamburgers are transcendant.  Hamburgers here do not quite match up - not sure why, but they don't have that certain something the ones in New York did.  They were also a bit overdone.  Fries and tater tots were excellent and crispy, though, and service was great.We went back the next day to get the happy hour oysters, and they were FANTASTIC!  $1 each from 2:45-6pm.  They were huge and flavorful, and we ended up making an early dinner out of them.  We each had 7, plus a really delicious sidecar (the drink special for happy hour, 2 for 1 pricing).  I was surprised to like the sidecar - I thought it'd be too boozey, but this one tasted great without the "bite" of alcohol.  The bartender was awesome.We'll be back for happy hour, for sure!
1	We walked in and immediately got a table since they were super slow. our waiter didn't know much about the menu and after he took our order, it took him 1/2hr and a few reminders until he gave our salads and the food which was just 4 hamburgers came after 1hr. We were so upset, we were about to leave the place. After we told him you took so long to bring our order, instead of apologizing he said "marry Christmas!" which was very sarcastic. the food was not that great plus when we got the check we found out that the fries was a separate charge. So our $14 burger came out to cost us $30 each which was so not worth it. We were so disappointed. I'm never going back there.
3	$1/oyster from 2:45-6pm!!! We were there at 2:11pm!! But once 2:45pm comes around, I'm ready for some oysters!!!!But seriously we were so hungry that day I wasn't going to wait for oyster hour! So we ordered 2 French onion soups, burger and chicken pot pie... Soup was very good, pot pie was so-so... But oysters were yum!!!Love it!!!
2	Prix Fixe Event Review:We chose P.J. Clarke's to host a family member's 100th birthday.  As there were roughly 50 people attending, we chose to do a prix fixe menu in the Sidecar room.  We chose a $45 per head menu that included soup, salad, entree, 4 family-style sides and dessert.From the beginning, there were glitches.  We called the restaurant several (4) times to set up an appointment to discuss the menu.  No returned calls despite direct promises to call us back.  At that point, we started to reconsider our choice.  However, we finally set something up and had our menu appointment.  The staff was very apologetic but, still, not a good start.The day of the event, the restaurant was really welcoming and let us set up in the room prior to the event.  It was great having that flexibility, we didn't feel pressured to get in and out.Unfortunately, when the dinner started, so did the problems.  The main problem was that they understaffed the event.  There were 2-4 servers working the event, but most were just bringing out the food.  It was really hard to get refills, silverware, etc.During dinner, the tomato soup, which, per the contract, was to include grilled cheese toast, did not arrive at the tables with the toast.  We asked the waitress about it and she said, with a bit of attitude, "no one told me that it was supposed to come with the soup." It was clearly on the menus sitting at every table.  So, we had to then flag down the night manager who apologized and handed out toast to everyone (she was really nice and helpful). Sadly, most people had finished their soup at that point. Then, they brought out the salads.  Many of them didn't have salad dressing and, once again, waiters had to be flagged down. Next, they brought the entrees, but didn't provide steak knives for the skirt steak.  Basic necessities were hard to come by for this meal.The family-style sides were really laughable though.  To my table of 10, they brought 20 tater tots to share, two tiny pots of mushrooms, and14 asparagus spears.  They, once again, forgot the french fries, and when those finally arrived, it consisted of roughly two-four handfuls for the table.  Really stingy, in my opinion.  I would have preferred larger portions of just two sides.The dessert consisted of cheesecake and cobbler.  Two slices of each per 10 person table. Yeah......I really like the sidecar room and think it's a great spot to host an event.  My main concern with this event was the service or lack thereof.  It was really stressful to keep running around, hunting down staff, to fix basic issues like issuing silverware and providing salad dressing.  Also, some of the staff weren't very friendly at times and I saw one of them giving unwarranted attitude to one of the elderly guests.  The bartender, however, was awesome and really nice to everyone.Overall, the food was good but the service was lacking.  I would probably return, but only for a small dinner.
5	*Happy Hour Review Only*As if Vegas visitors weren't SEXED up enough, here comes $1 oysters for your aphrodisiacstic pleasure (so good it deserves a new word)! Every day happy hour from 2:45-6pm features a different oyster on rotation. Been here a few times and every bite has always been deliciously fresh. It comes with creamy horseradish, vinegar-shallot or cocktail sauces for your choosing.PJ Clarke's also offers $3 beers and 2 for 1 drink specials for their cocktail of the day, but neither is as good of a deal as the oysters. The beer comes in a mug the size of your hand.Bottom line. When you're done shopping, take a seat at the bar (oyster or regular) and order a dozen happy hour oysters. Then turn around and say hi to me, because I'm likely camped out there. Added as a MUST VISIT for my Vegas trips!
5	Amazingly cute little bar!!! had a wonderful time @ P.J's the food was amazing and the waiters/ress were very good about bringing food to everyone and even made sure that I (being 7 months pregnant) was not given any sort of seafood or anything uncooked :) They would come around and ask my husband if I could eat it very much appreciated!! Tho I wish I could have drank the amazing cocktails, my hubby drank enough of them for us both! lol i wanna say his favorite was the boxcar... He just couldnt get enough! The games/trivia we played was so fun!!
5	Super fantastic. The burger patty was pink and tasted deliscious. A soft gooey bun and a little cheese to compliment the beef and voila! I love a burger and being from LA I have had some phenomenal burgers. I must say, I will seek this burger out when I go back to Vegas. it is perfect as you can taste the beauty in the beef and it is just magic in it's simplicity. the bar is great and there is a beautiful oyster bar and full menu but I had the burger and if you aren't a small eater like me, and you are a normal woman and especially if you are a man, order sides or order two burgers because they are a little small.
5	I love it... they actually serve blue cheese olives for my dirrrtttty martinis!  I do believe they add a bit of an up-charge but it's worth it - throw in the scotch egg appetizer and there you have a mini-shopping snack :)
3	Decent place but not much options for vegans.
4	I've only dined here once so I can't give it 5 stars yet, but this place was great!  Service was just fine, attentive, friendly.  The oysters were some of the best I've ever had, lots of juice!  I had the mushroom risotto, delish, big fresh cut mushrooms.  All in all it was awesome, I'll definitely be back!
4	My boyfriend and I were only here for a quick pit stop while waiting for our shuttle, but during the brief half hour or so that we were here, we felt nothing but welcomed. We were fortunate enough to have come at the start of happy hour (roughly 2:45-3:00 p.m.) so we were able to get a taste of their renown $1 oysters. I have yet to acquire a taste for raw oysters, but I have to say it's not bad at all! This was only my second time ever eating a raw oyster, and even though I had a tiny bit of shell in my bite (this ALWAYS happens to me, I have such horrible luck!), it was enough to make me want to stay longer and try more of P. J. Clarke's food. My boyfriend loved the oysters he had and wishes we had more time to hang out there and order more. We ate our oysters at the bar, and our bartender was extremely friendly and gregarious. His happy-go-lucky attitude definitely rubbed off on everyone seated at the bar. He also whipped up my boyfriend's special request of drink--sprite & mint leaves, aka nonalcoholic mojito. Overall, I'd say if you're looking to kill some time, grab a quick/cheap bite, and enjoy good company, come down to P.J. Clarke's for happy hour!
5	$1 OYSTERS during happy hour.and that's all you need to know.
4	This is an on-the-fly review based on happy hour only. $1 Oysters and $3 beers are pretty much enough to keep me happy by themselves, but add to that super friendly bartenders (big kudo's to Smitty--can't recall the last time a bartender shook my hand and personally introduced himself) in a cool old-time steakhouse atmosphere and I'll definitely be back! Since I didn't eat off the full menu or order any specialty drinks I can't go 5-stars overall but for doing what they did very well, I highly recommend PJ's.
5	Really great food all around and a nice relaxed, Americana atmosphere that lets you forget the crazy mall hubbub just outside the door.  I personally love that they do not fear the cooked perfectly, medium done burger.  This place was voted best burger in Las Vegas for a reason folks.  It's simple, it's delicious, and it's what you want to eat.  Also had a great bleu cheese wedge salad and some really amazing lobster mac and cheese.  Great service combined with reasonable (for Las Vegas) prices round this place out to be a convenient and delightful lunch or dinner.
5	So I was just yelping around for Oyster bars in the hotel room with my boyfriend and happen to come across this, WITH happy hour and that was when I knew we have to go try. Happy hour starts 3pm-6pm. $1 Oysters, $3 pint draft beers and 2 for 1 cocktails of the day. Oysters came with 3 difference sauces, horseradish, cocktail sauce, finely chopped onion in red vinegar. We both enjoyed eating the oysters with cocktail sauce with a little bit of the onion red vinegar. It was delish! So good, we ended up ordering at least 2 dozen of happy hour oysters and 6 additional Oysters that were not included as happy hour price, which were Big Cove. It tasted as it was described on the menu, sweet and buttery. :)I don't know how in the world did I miss this restaurant during those times I have been in Vegas. If only I knew sooner. I will definitely come back here again.
4	* Review is for HAPPY HOUR (although we did try two other items on the menu) *if you love raw oysters, PJ Clarke's is the place to be!!  happy hour is from a quarter until 3 (2:45pm) 'til 6pm.  it is a chain that originated in NYC but only available in a few places (they have one in brazil of all places.).  the vegas location, inside caesar's palace, has been open for 13 months.we were greeted by smitty behind the bar.  he's a friendly, personable bartender.  he told us that happy hour is for dollar oysters.  other food is not on special.  also, $3 beer on draft of several kinds.  people come here for raw oysters.  some people eat 5 or 6 dozen cuz you can't beat the price!they have one kind of oyster for $1 daily.  today's special was fanny bay fresh from british columbia.  they are harvested, packed, shipped, and on ice in front of you within 48 hrs.  the shipment came in today!!  fanny bay was sweet and creamy.  they are on the smaller side but very delicious and fresh!!  they have other choices of oysters too but the daily oyster is the way to go.  we had 2 kumamoto oysters also for $3.50 a pop.  these were bigger but going with the buck chuck is the way to go.the oysters come with three sauces: 1) red wine vinegar w/diced onions  2) cocktail sauce  3) horseradish.  you can squeeze the slice of lemon also.we also tried:brussel sprouts w/almond butter -- they chop the brussel sprouts to a slaw       and cook it in some almond butter.  delicious with great texture!!  *next       time i will cook mine that way too.*market salad -- crisp lettuce.  i mean really crisp.  they must put it on ice       before they serve it.  there are roasted bell peppers, raisins, red onions       with a lemon viniagrette dressing.totally recommend PJ Clarke's to all the RAW OYSTER LOVERS out there.*note: they have the thick napkins in the bathroom like the ones that places             such as ritz carlton carry.
4	Good service, ok food, great cocktails.
3	I was in charge of making a reservation for a friend's 40th birthday and chose PJ Clarks after reading reviews on Open Table and Yelp. I'm sorry to say that I chose poorly. The "tater tots" appetizers were nothing to write home about.  The calamari was decent, but I've had better.  The wedge salad was good, as was the French onion soup. One guest's lobster that was undercooked, while I had a ribeye that was more medium-well than medium-rare (not ok given the price). The filet mignon was very good, according to the two people who ordered it, but it was supposed to be Au Poivre and it wasn't - they brought a sauce(?) after one guest had already finished her steak. I had mentioned that it was a 40th birthday celebration when I made the reservation, but they didn't acknowledge it. Give it a shot if you want based on the other reviews, maybe they were just having an off night when we were there.  Chuck, our server, was great!
4	We went here for valentines day dinner.Though there was a prix fixed menu for the occasion, we opted for the regular menu. We both ordered steaks, I got the primerib and she got the strip steak and both were very good and very large. I barely finished mine and she only ate half of hers. We also got the crab cake appetizer and though small for the price, it was very very good. The sauce with the crab meat which was real, no imitation here, was delicious.The decor is great, looks like a classy restaurant with the bar out front and i hear it has great happy hours. The service was great, did not feel rushed and food didnt take that long. He was very nice to us but got the feeling he couldve been better. He gave a hearty thank you once i left a good tip though, soooo yeah. Take that as you will.
4	I went here on 2/24/12 after getting turned away at The Steakhouse at Bill's Gamblin' Hall.  We were hungry and just wanted some decent food in a relaxed atmosphere.  That's exactly what we got!  We were seated immediately and our server was attentive without being overbearing.  I got the Fish & Chips...  delicious!  It came with a twist on the usual tartar sauce that looked kind of like a chipotle mayo.  It was tangy and mildly spicy.  I would have liked crispier french fries, but the meal was good enough that I'm still giving this place 4 stars.  The wine list was great and the pinot noir I ordered was delicious.  I wish Caesar's Palace hadn't made us walk 17 miles to find the place, but it was definitely worth it!
5	Ryan at the oyster bar was entertaining and knowledgeable. P.J.'s had a good little selection of oysters from both coasts, allowing for a comparison. Carlsbad were quite fresh, like a splash of saltwater. Crabcakes were quite tasty as an appetizer, although it was a little small, it was quite good and didn't have any of the nasty shells like any of the other places. I'm guessing that the main meal crabcakes are a little bit larger.The price was good considering the location and competition. I couldn't do it every day, but can anyone do Vegas constantly?
5	Sat at the bar and had a blast.  Food was great and Smitty and MG were awesome.  Had the Strip Steak and Fries, grabbed some peppers to put on too.  Was Very good.Highly recommend!
5	I didn't order anything for myself here since I wasn't that hungry, but I tried a few things... Dollar oysters (from Virginia I think) and calamari. The oysters were VERY excellent!!!! Omg and the calamari! It wasn't rubbery at all and it had such a smooth buttery-garlicky-italian seasony flavor. It was one of the best calamari I have ever had. I only wish that this place was more affordable for my wallet. I was checking out the cocktail shrimp and... $18. for 5 large shrimps! What?!Our server was wonderful though. We were celebrating a 21st birthday and even though he was drinking all day... She wasn't bothered and made it more entertaining with him.
4	Oysters were great!  Got a healthy grilled chicken breast and salad.  You can people watch the shoppers while  you eat.  I'm definitely going back!
5	$1 Oysters HH! Daily before 6pm.My girls & I stepped in here for our last night in Vegas dinner. Yes, there is a PJ Clarke's in NYC, but we were drunk-full from our Fat Tuesday yards & too lazy to move from our seats in front of the fountain at Caesar's, whatevs!Our waiter was sooo great! The moment we sat down with our yards, he looked at us and said "I guess you won't be needing the drink menu!" Love that he didn't try to scam us into buying more drinks..because in our drunken stupor we probably would have. For a group of 8, we ordered 3dz oysters. Three girls split 2 crab cakes + another girl ordered brussel sprouts. I tried a bite of the crab cakes and they were nice and full of meat. The oysters were pretty big and fleshy - only downside is that they were quite fishy and had to be doused with lemon & cocktail sauce to be edible.At the end of our meal, our waiter came around with free shots for the birthday girl! I had mentioned it was her birthday when we initially sat down and didn't think much of it but our waiter remembered! He also got her a nice green flower (too bad she's allergic...). Awesome service!
5	PJ Clarkes was an experience for more than one reason.  My friends and I were joined by the Las Vegas food critic John Curtis.  PJ's is one of his fav places and he wanted to give us the full experience.  We sampled all of their best dishes, and had the very best service.  I enjoyed the meal and the wine, the braised short ribs and the signature burger were superb.  The strip steak was alright, I am an Iowa gal and somewhat picky when it comes to steak.  My favorite thing was the french onion soup, one of the very best I have ever had. . . I order french onion soup everywhere and it doesn't compare to PJ's.  For dessert we had several options to try, I loved the bread pudding and I normally I do not like bread pudding.  I LOVE PJ's bread pudding!  This dessert actually haunts my dreams.  I would return just for soup and dessert. . . maybe a burger too and coming from a midwestern girl that's saying something.
2	Sorry P.J. Lovers. Not a $$ restaurant try $$$. A $17 Burger should be better than that. They also need to learn how to cook Lobster. Should be white and firm not clear and  mushy. The menu states grilled sorry not what I was server. Lobster was served with out sides thus the $$$. But the the fries were good to bad the rest of the meal did not come close.
1	Atmosphere is great!  Hamburger was barely mediocre at $17.60 for a plain one. Meat was tasteless & in a ball, so didn't fit bun well.  Fries were good.   French onion soup not hot enough - wasn't that brown crusty melted cheese we like and too. Sweet.   Asked for mayo-got ONE Teaspoon -no kidding.    Service was not greatest, so overall,  not going back & rated it one star (especially since it was overpriced)
5	We went to PJs on Saturday night to watch the Laker game and have dinner with 8 people. The manager and hostess were very accommodating even though the game was cancelled on regular tv. The calamari was excellent! The east coast oysters were the beat I have ever had. Our server Matt was on top of it. He also had a busboy helping us as well so even though he was busy with other tables, they had a good teamwork system. I would definitely go to Pjs again next time I am in Vegas! Thanks for the good times!
4	My friends had come here a day before us and we mentioned we wanted oyster bars too.. so they brought us back for round two the next day.$1 happy hour Oysters 2:45-6:00pm.  We came in around 4ish.. and were seated quickly.. however we were seated behind a pillar thing and it was hard to flag anyone down... after about 15-20 minutes we finally got someone's attention and apparently they were in a middle of a shift change and he wasn't aware he had a table to serve.  Once he finally acknowledged us service was great.  We ordered 4 dozen oysters and 2 ultimate bloody marys.The oysters were fresh and delicious.. there were some that were some that were on the small side.. and some where there were shells in the oysters that it hurt my teeth when I accidentally bit down on it.  I also like my oysters with plenty of lemon juice and a platter of a dozen comes with one lemon.  Our server was very kind to bring us a another plate of lemons.The ultimate bloody mary actually tastes pretty goood (for someone who doesn't like tomato juice)  I tried it and wasn't revolted by it.  It does cost about $15 each.. I would rather have 15 oysters over one bloody mary but hey it's vegas and drinks are steep and people come to drink.The mint after eating a bunch of oysters is also a plus.  When i'm in vegas and looking for good oysters for a good price I will be back.
4	Happy Hour = $1 oysters!  Yeah, I probably had too many but it was my birthday.  I watched as others came late and were upset that they couldn't get cheap oysters at this fine establishment.  C'mon people, the seafood is high quality and a steal at $1 a piece!  Get there in time or go to the casino buffet.
4	Stopped in here randomly when in Caesar's Palace forum shops as an alternative to Spago for an upscale dinner.  Dacor is nice, and the patio stretches out into the form shops, so people watching is available.I started with the Crisp Parmesan Tater Tots, which is supposedly a 200 year old recipe for home made tots.  Very good flavor and crunch.  Tomato 'jam' is basically home made catchup, but very nice.  Portion size was a little small, considering they are likely inexpensive to make. $9.90 7/10.I also had a bowl of the french onion gratinee soup.  It was nicely prepared with a smooth, rich broth, customary crostini and topped with torched gruierre cheese.  Classic. $7.40, 8/10.For main course, I had the Crab Cakes, which were JUMBO LUMP Maryland blue crab, served with fries.  The fries came slightly green, so I swapped them for a side of mashed potatoes, which was excellent.  The crab cakes were KILLER good, with almost ZERO filler and 100% jumbo lump Maryland Blue.  Size was excellent, coaster sized and very thick.  Crab flavor was abound. I lucked out because they made me an extra one for free, since the waiter didn't like that the chef accidentally broke one of mine when flipping it.  Extra points for the waiter, who let me eat the slightly damaged one as well as the new one.  An excellent crab cake, just as good as the ones served at Mr. Stoxx which I love, but larger. $34.10 9.5/10.  Not a perfect score because crumbs on top (not throughout) I thought were a little thick, but I realize this is to keep them together in the pan.
4	Great place, right next to a more hyped seafood place in the Forum Shops.  Smitty the Bartender was great the night we met there before dining at the competition.  He pointed out the raw bar, $1 oyster happy hour, lobster specials and we made a reservation for the next night.  Thoroughly enjoyed the fresh oysters, a nice wedge salad and some lobster tails.  None of the stuffiness of their neighbor, just good seafood and good drinks!
3	They have this really good Twin Lobster deal (2 tails for 45.) The lobster was succulent and well prepared. The green butter tasty, but (imho) not too suitable to the sweetness of the lobster. The mashed potatoes were bleh, tasted like they were made from flakes.In the middle of our meal a family with a crying baby came in. I don't go to restaurants to hear crying babies. In fact, why would you bring your baby to Vegas?The service was great though, no cause for complaint.But babies. Babies don't belong in restaurants.
5	Great steaks and, if possible, even better service.  It doesn't get any better than this!!
4	The happy hour oysters for 1$ea totally rock.
5	This place was great! Not cheap, but not a wallet killer. Except about 120 a couple if you get food and a drink or two. I got a hamburger and fries because supposedly in 2011 they had the best hamburger in Vegas...and after eating it, I would not doubt it was voted the best. It was amazing. All of my friends who ordered a variety of food, raved about their picks. The vibe is similar to a high end Kings fish house with darker lighting. Way cool bar set up too.
5	We chose this restaurant based on Yelp reviews and as usual, you people were right. Wait staff was awesome, giant shrimp cocktail was delicious and the cocktail sauce that came with it was the best I've ever had. Amazing ahi tuna main course, along with several delicious chocolate martinis. I know those flavors probably don't compliment each other, but theyre my favorite. My fish was served with wasabi mashed potatos, which everyone tasted and loved and we all managed to steal bites of everyone elses food. No room for desert, outside of those chocolate martinis. Weill, one of our group was going to order another round of oysters for desert, but he decided he just couldn't squeeze them in.
1	The server was the worst ever. Only saw him twice throughout our dinner. Had to flag him down on the 2nd time. He gave us our order of oysters AFTER we finished our entrees. Oh, and I got food poisoning so I couldn't enjoy the rest of my Vegas "vacation."
1	with only a handfull of customers you would think a group of 6 waiters would be on top of the ball, but unfortunately that wasn't the case. they were polite, but that doesnt change the fact that we had to waive them down just to order ot that they couldn't get us a designated waiter. the steak was just ok but the ahi tuna was horrible, definitely not worth the price. more than the food or the service it was the manager that really deserves the blunt of this complaint. we didnt expect any compensation or a free dinner, just an honest apology for the inexcusable experience, but i guess this was too much to ask for. instead of an apology the manager got on the offensive and started to blame us for not speaking up sooner. i dont know how this person got to where she is, but it definitely wasn't service or ability.
5	Only came here for one thing...OYSTERS!!!MISSION ACCOMPLISHED!Came on a Monday during happy hour for $1 oysters, they were Laguna bay oysters from California.  Amazing,  I love Las Vegas!  Two dozen of these puppies, a pint of the world's greatest IPA, Lagunitas from the legendary Sonoma County and a pint of Sin City's own, Tenaya Creek brown ale for under $30.  Bartender kept up entertained and was very helpful....tough job he has.Needless to say, the tip was very generous ;)
3	we came for a late dinner, and the place was pretty empty.  this is a good place for families though, b/c it's not overly loud or pretentious.i got the special fish dish and split that w/ the ahi.  both were pretty good.  we also started w/ some oysters and apps, and i tried the oysters which were good.  the parmesan tater tots were the biggest hit out of the apps.it was my friend's bday, so they brought out a cheesecake for him.  we also got the tiramisu, which was not bad.
1	I came here just for the $1 oysters and was completely disappointed.  Tiny, grainy. so not worth it in a city with so much delicious food!
5	Didn't have time to try this restaurant this time.   I talked to the maitre d' on the phone trying to make a reservation, after he learned that i was mainly interested in sampling the oysters, he recommended me to come at happy hrs 2-6:30 for dollar oyster.  I appreciated his candor,  that's 5 star service right there.  I wish we had come to them instead of Joe's Seafood and Steak.
1	Worst service and the food comes out cold.
2	My husband saw an advertisement at the hotel and wanted to try the restaurant and we ended up sick after eating. Place was completely empty when we arrived for lunch around 1pm. Our waitress was very helpful although she didn't know what was on the advertisement. He ended up ordering a hamburger which they forgot the bacon and a side of sweet potato fries (very good). I ordered the french onion soup which was good and the parmesan tater tots appetizer. which i did not care for at all very rich and the side sauce was very rich with tomato.  The burger was nothing special. We were disappointed but I enjoyed the sunflower at the end with the bill. Nothing worth going out of your way for. :(
4	$1 dollar oysters for happy hour. PURE GENIUS!With the help of my fellow yelpers, I decided to get my oyster fix here at PJ Clarkes. I was always very leery of eating oysters here in Vegas for obvious reasons but I knew that good oysters did exist in this town and it's just a matter of finding them.So when I stumbled upon reviews for this place, I knew I had to try it out. If they were bad, at least they where only a buck a piece. I can't help but make the analogy that these $1 oysters are like the equivalent to dudes getting free drink tickets for a strip club. You're lured in by the fact that something is practically free. You scope out the place with the intention of spending the minimum amount of money because you wanna get the most bang for your buck (pun intended) and before you know it, you're popping bottles of champagne. Which is exactly what my sister and I ended up doing. Lack of willpower even though our server wasn't even doing any up selling whatsoever. It sells itself that's why this is PURE GENIUS.Anyhow, the oysters were excellent! My sister and I had 2 dozen each with champagne, of course. since we were pretty hungry going in, we decided to order a few other items:Calamari: served with hot peppers, which was the first time I've had them that way and they were mighty tasty. Gone in 60 seconds.French dip sandwich: TOTAL SHOW STEALER!! The best I've ever had and I had zero expectations when i ordered it. I just wanted some land-animal protein to switch it up a bit and to my pleasant surprise, this was the best French dip sandwich ever! It's always hit and miss with those things and I gave up on trying to find good ones. This one came to me and it blew my mind cuz I was coming in here for oysters. I will come back just for this sandwich alone.Crab cakes: meh, pretty standard. Not enough filler ingredients to help out the bland taste of the crab meat. It also made the texture a lil too mushy.So final check came out to be $180 for 2 chicks that came in with the intention of stretching our dollars on some cheap HH oysters. But it's all good cuz we left with big smiles on our faces and our hair tousled up a bit which meant good times had by all.
5	Ask for the special house steak sauce for your bacon cheddar burger instead of the old ketchup/mustard routine. I love all of the vintage Vegas pictures hanging up on the walls.
5	Awesome bar with oyster happy hour from 3-6. $1.00 oysters of the day. Bloody Mary is the best I have ever had, comes with a vast cornucopia of garnishes including a colossal shrimp. Old bay rimmed glass with a very horseradish infused mix.  Burger is good as well. Bar tenders are very professional and know how to mix drinks.  Bar itself was imported from France and has very old school comfortable feel to it. Great place to hang out and watch the game the mirror for the bar is actually 4 huge flat screens. A nice oasis in the middle of the chaos of the strip.
4	Definitely worth going during their happy hour. $1 oysters and probably one of the best bloody marys I have had.
4	Located in the new section of the Forum Shops in Caesars Palace, P. J. Clarke's is a seafood restaurant that features $1 oysters on the half shell during happy hour.If you're an oyster lover, this is your oasis. Their $1 happy hour oysters are shucked right before your eyes, and they're shucked right after you place your order, not a second before. Obviously, these aren't the absolute best oysters money can buy, but, for $1 they're beyond worth it. If I lived in the area, I'd be here at least once a week.I also tried their Tuna Tartare Tacos. While they weren't bad at all, I wouldn't order them again. They're cute tiny little tacos. I mean, less than bite size. It was something out of a Dr. Seuss book. The shells had so much flavor themselves, that, it took away from the tuna.The service is great, the ambiance is terrific. I only wish their bar area was a bit bigger, it was a tad cramped, sitting between patrons.Again, if you like oysters, this place is a must!Food: 4Ambience: 4Service: 4Value: 5
4	V good food and friendly service.  atmosphere was very quiet so lost a star for that reason. Shame
4	$1 oysters from 2:45 PM - 6 PM everyday! After making my huge list for happy hours in Las Vegas, my boyfriend and I picked a few and this one made the list.  I'm glad it did and I wish we didn't order the sliders and the tater tots because I would have given this place 5 stars.  The oysters were fresh (one thing that bothered me were the tiny shells in the oysters I had to constantly pick it out of my mouth w/ my fingers...bleh gross lol) and with the cocktail sauce and the horseradish it cured my oyster fix.  The beers were $3 (warning it's in a tiny mug...so I'm not sure if you're really getting your money worth, but hey it goes well with oysters).  The service is also great, we sat at the oyster bar and chatted it up with they employees are they were so friendly :DThe sliders and tater tots...ugh it wasn't great...I would have rather ordered another dozen oysters...all it did was fill us up and not in an appetizing way. Stick to the oysters and beer...trust me.
5	Love.. love... love. This was a new find for us and would more than likely return.  The service was wonderful (LOVED MELIA!!!) From the moment we arrived, the staff was very attentive. The food was amazing. I had the Buttermilk Fried Chicken and baked mac n cheese. My fiance had the lobster. We highly recommend this place. It's fancy but NOT stuffy.
3	Maybe a little generous but the quality of the food was very good. Bone in Ribeye was under seasoned but cooked perfectly and a good cut. Tasted Ahi steak and wasabi potatoes and all good.Service was slow and fairly inattentive. It was Saturday night but there seemed to be plenty of staff but maybe not.
5	if youre staying in caesars palace & wanna dine here,be prepared for a long ass walk.$1 oysters wkday  h.hfresh, not tiny,not humongous, but fine size. delicious. really really really tasty.my bf's a picky line backer type of eater, & he was satisfied w/the size. we split 18 oysters (but could've ordered a dozen or so more but frankly we were embarrased to  even though our waitress was super professional) & a wedge salad & 1 beer & the check was like $30 max.yes, you will eat on the "patio"  & youre still in the mall (my bf commented he felt like were in the glendale galleria for you l.a county yelpers) but c'mon... $1 x oyster? & really really good oysters at that ?
5	Got the deal from Vegas.com for a show and dinner special. (show was for absinthe) So before the show my husband and I showed up here for our reservation and was seated right away. Our server (forgot his name) was really nice and sweet. Suggested a couple drinks with absinthe in it which was the bomb!!! Food was uuuuhhhhmmmaaaaazzziiiinnng!!! I had the ceasar salad and it was sooo good! The crutons were fresh! For the main course, I got the chicken pot pie and my hubby got the steak frite! oh sooo good  tooo! last but not the least the bread pudding is to die for!!!! Oysters were good too.I highly recommend this place! will definitely be back!
1	This place is terrible.  We had just arrived in Vegas and were thinking about eating at Joe's Stone Crab or Planet Hollywood.  Both were packed, but PJ Clarke's looked pretty empty.  We looked it up on Yelp and found that it had decent ratings so we decided to give it a try.  Considering the place only had a few patrons and that it was mid week around 9pm, we thought we would get served immediately.  The hostess was nice and brought us to our table.  The atmosphere seemed OK, but the wait was ridiculous.  We made eye contact with 3 different waiters and smiled assuming they would come over and help us, but they just ignored us.  It looked deliberate as it seemed they were about to come over, but instead just kept talking.  We couldn't believe it.Now I understand we weren't dressed formally, but I was with my wife and mom and we were just dressed casually (khakis and shirts, nothing too fancy, but nothing bizarre either).  It seemed as if we were being discriminated against for whatever reason as they didn't even greet us for 20 minutes.  We tried to get their attention, but they just kept pretending to ignore us.  In fact I'm not even sure if it was just us as the table next to us seemed to be getting pretty slow service as well.  It was really strange because we were the only two tables on that side of the establishment and there were only about 2 other tables occupied on the opposite side.  We continued to wait......and NOTHING!!!We decided to get up and leave.  The hostess approached us and asked what happened and we told her that we were ignored and nobody approached us to take our order.  Again she was nice and tried to call one of them but even that took a while so we just walked out and went to Planet Hollywood (good meal and good service).Regardless we are not going back to PJ Clarke's again and recommend that nobody else does either.
3	Was this place good? Yes. Are there a lot of better places? Yes!I had dinner here and we ordered the Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail and the Shrimp Spring Rolls as appetizers. The shrimp cocktail was exactly what I expected, cold shrimp with cocktail sauce.The spring rolls were actually really good and if I came back here I would start my meal off with an order of these.For the main course I got the Crown Cut Bone In Filet Mignon, 12 oz. This steak really didn't do much for me. At this price point, I can go almost anywhere else for a better steak.Next time, if I'm in the forum shops and looking for a steak I'll probably go next door to Joes.
4	Just went in for a drink or two - friendly staff, quick service.
3	I reeeally love oysters on a half shell.  When I walked by this place and saw their sign for Happy Hour, I knew I had to come back for their $1 oysters on a half shell. Chilled Iced Oysters on the Half Shell for one dollar everyday from 3-6PM.They also have other bar food at HH prices like their Crisp Point Judith Calamari, Tuna Tartare Tacos, Ribeye Steak Sliders...but I just decided to stuff myself with the oysters.I walked around the forum shops and headed back over at 3pm when their happy hour had started.  I ordered a dozen and a Fear and Loathing cocktail.  The oysters were really fresh and delicious, a light snack...I had actually just eaten at Max Brenner and was still full but I just couldn't resist the $1 oysters.  I LOVE happy hour! Everytime I feel like I'm getting a good deal, I just have to get it!Since I only had the oysters and cocktail, this review isn't that representative of the rest of the food that they serve.  Our server was nice, he was shucking our oysters.  The Fear and Loathing was a tough cocktail to drink.  It was one of those types of cocktails that are so strong and not so easy on the palate. To finish it, I had to take it gulps at a time. It wasn't that pleasant. The Fear and Loathing was PJ Clarke's version of the classic long island iced tea spiked with absinthe and energy.   I guess I was more intrigued with the absinthe and energy, but I was pretty dissappointed.  It wasn't that pleasant.  What made it even more dissappointing was that it was $15.  I would have rather spent those $15 at Fat Tuesdays or any other beverage for that matter.  You live and you learn I guess!
5	Awwww Shucks you  guys - Ryan (tattoo sleeve dude) and Eric (quiet but efficient) and the best shuckers in town! The oysters are FRESH and if you get in there in the afternoon they're only $1 a piece (for the ones on special). But, make sure you taste all the one sitting behind these knowledgeable guys on ice - awesome taste around the world!
5	This one was easy. Five star, hands down. I just had one of the best meals in Vegas. The Ahi (ask for nearly raw), on a bed of wasabi mashed potatoes, drizzle of some amazing unctuous glaze that made me want to lick the plate, topped with the most spicy pea shoots - nice spicy counterpoint to the variety of flavors and textures underneath. Absolutely incredible. Wouldn't change a thing, and I need to return soon for a repeat. Service was fantastic. I hear the lobster mac'n'cheese was to die for. It looked very rich and like something you may want to share - it was huge. Don't miss the angel fluff tater tots. They're like nothing you've ever had. And hello, tomato jam? Oh yeah.I love giving 5 stars when its embarrassingly amazing.
4	Located in the Forum Shops of Caesar's Palace, on the same floor & very close to Joe's Stone Crab.Came here for lunch on a Tuesday.  Place was EMPTY!!!  I didn't know if they were open or not!Sat immediately and ordered the Fish & Chips (New England Haddock, IPA Remoulade) $19.95.You get one HUGE piece of fish and fries and DELICIOUS IPA Remoulade!  I could have eaten more of that!!The fish was delicious and flaky, fries were yummy.  I would totally head back here again!
5	I hate going to the strip but if it is to P.J. Clarke's I don't mind. I have been there so many times and every time I take someone new so they can check it out. I love the food there and the service is always great. Oyster Happy Hour is the best in town, and especially for the quality of oysters that they carry. I definitely recommend eating there, even if  you are just looking for a cocktail and a small bite.
5	Great service, inventive drinks, and ample amount of food. Loved the $1 an oyster from 3 to 6 pm.
4	My latest visit here began inauspiciously as I noticed a little gunk on my appetizer plate.  And, although it didn't strike me until I saw neighboring diners enjoying a basket of bread and butter, we were never offered any.  In retrospect my party of four probably had no room for another starch anyway.  But I believe we should have been offered the opportunity to decide this for ourselves.  Service was otherwise good, except I had to ask for Sweet & Low for my Iced Tea twice.We began with two appetizers: excellent hot Parmesan Tater Tots and a dozen superb-tasting East Coast Oysters on the Half Shell.  I made the blunder of mistaking horseradish for garlic, so the delicious cold oysters became quite hot very quickly in my mouth, but I still enjoyed downing several light oysters as a prelude to the hearty meal to follow.This time the Onion Soup Gratinee wasn't perfect, because the cheesy top was sunk in a bit on one side of the crock.  But, with rich beefy broth and well caramelized onions it was nearly so.  And, my Iceberg Lettuce Wedge with tasty bacon, tomatoes, and Bleu Cheese Dressing was very good and refreshing.My Surf & Turf consisted of an 8 oz. Filet Mignon accompanied by Red Wine Sauce paired with a Maine Lobster Tail that had been lightly breaded, likely with Old Bay Seasoning.  The lobster was good with Drawn Butter but almost overcooked.  And the Filet, prepared medium rare as ordered, nicely seasoned, and enhanced by the Wine Sauce, was very good in both texture and taste.  My three dining companions all enjoyed their entrees as well.  Shared Shoestring Potatoes, Mashed Yukon Gold Potatoes, and a generous side of Sauteed Mushrooms just added to a fine repast.For dessert we were going to split a Chocolate Creme Brulee among us, but I soon thought better of it, and privately sought out our server to tell him to charge me for TWO Chocolate Creme Brulees: one for me and one for my dining mates to share.  And, at meal's end, after enjoying the best Chocolate Creme Brulee I have ever experienced, while the rest of my table struggled to finish another, I certainly had no regrets at hogging one for myself.  Creamy, smooth, and cool, it was a magnificent close to a fine 2-1/2 hour dinner.            4-1/2 stars overall!
4	Went with a group of 6 for dinner and it wasn't very full.  Its in the Forum Shops and its kinda far to walk to but its worth it.  The food was good and the service was as well.  We all had cocktails, apps and dinners and it came out to about $500.  The seafood sampler was very good and we had two at the table so we definitely ordered well for ourselves!  The steak was very good as well.
5	Came here for my birthday dinner. Was fabulous! Food was excellent. They gave the ladies champagne on the house. Service was perfect. Couldn't have been better!
4	My husband and I decided that we wanted to have a date night in the middle one of the longest weeks we had at work together and P.J. Clarke's was the choice.I made a reservation for 5:00 but when we got there, the hostess was not able to locate it. Grrr... Luckily it wasn't busy that we were seated at the oyster bar right away. But I was still bothered that I made reservations and it didn't show up anywhere, if it had been busy, the night would've turned out soooo differently.We sat down at the oyster bar and the gentlemen behind the bar were dressed up in old style uniforms complete with the paperboy hats. The classy era that I heart so much! The interior looked that of an old New York or Chicago bar and restaurant. Tons of b&w photos plastered on the walls, even in the restrooms! Looks wise I was so excited to be here, could not wait to try the food!They shuck the oysters fresh right in front of you. We ordered two dozen, being Happy Hour, they were only $1 each! :D They had (I forgot what they call them) oysters from British Columbia, they were UBER salty, more than I'm used to but satisfied the craving nonetheless. The hubs and I shared a bone-in ribeye with creamed spinach. The way the steak was seasoned and the clarified butter, oOoOoOoOo man it just melted in your mouth! I'm usually not a fan of seasoned steak, other than salt, pepper and MAYBE garlic powder, but whatever seasonings they used combined with the right amount of it, it made us want to come back for more!Yep, I'm a fan ;)
3	I wished I didn't have to take two stars away from this place. Just because of their AMAZING daily oyster specials from 2:45pm-6:00pm, I'll stick with some stars.Service sucked and slow. They should have thought about how many people would come to this place when it's the freakin' three day weekend! Yes, maybe some people don't have their day off for Veterans day, but think about the people who DOES! UghCame here with my coworkers and we thought it'll be nice to eat some daily $1 oysters after eating a small dish. The hell with the wait when we ordered our food. The server with short hair that puts it in a bun on the side sucked at serving us. I mean, we know it's busy, but she did not say much about sorry for the wait or what so ever. Waited 40 mins for our food, then another 40 for our dozens of oysters. I looked over to the oyster bar, only one person was shucking.. maybe they'll make more money if they have more than one or two people shucking??? What the freak man, more customers = more employees should be working! Come on now!At the end, we let the waitress know we just want half a dozen because it's taking forever. She goes on and tells us 'Oh i'll go check on them to see if they already put in the dozens or start yet. There is a line of orders they are working on. Bare with us, we're busy today' what the freak lady... more like how about you try to make your customer happy and not wait this long. Because of that, co-worker already said sorry, i'm leaving no tip. Boy did the co-worker made it obvious. Took the bill to a worker and said 'bring this to your manager's attention.' Got our oysters, but didn't get good service. Bleh
5	Thanks Elisa C. for the tip on $1 happy hour oysters. 3-6pm every day, umm YEAH, not bad at all.At $1/oyster, you are getting quality stuff.  Fresh oysters with a new type of oyster every day.  I don't know what we had, Washington Shuckums or something like that? Either way, they were amazing and worth every penny.I'd skip out on the food and drinks and just get oysters here.  I also ordered Parmesan Tater Tots and they weren't that special--not worth the money.  We had 8 people in our party and were given just 8 tater tots dividing it up to $1/person for one tater tot, that could've been 8 more oysters!Elisa C. raved about the mussels, which I didn't see on the menu so that's a shame since she REALLY, REALLY raved about them.Our servers were kind of herp derp.  The one who seated us and took our drink orders was nervous as it was his first day, but he did fine.  We just wanted water and didn't make things hard for him.  Our main server seemed fluster most of the time and all over the place.  Still a good dining experience though, just get the oysters and be happy.
1	Went to this restaurant on 11/15/2012 at 6:05pm.  Did not have the oysters on happy hour so my review will not be swayed by this like everyone else's has.  First of all the service started off by two seemingly capable waiters coming over and introducing themselves.  While the restaurant was not busy at that time they somewhat obtrusively hovered about 5 feet away, multiple times asking us if we were ready to order.  We finally had to tell them that we would let them know when we were ready.  After that, service was fine until the place had many more customers then it was hit or miss getting their attention.    But they were by far not the most disappointing experience of the evening so that is why I generously gave them 1 star.  On the other hand the food was not even worthy of a dive bar.  The Classic Caesar salad, $9.90, was chopped romaine with a salad dressing that wouldn't even be served out of a bottle (maybe it was but who knows).  It had no real flavor of Caesar dressing and they should be ashamed of serving it.     Next in line was the 18oz. bone-in Delmonico Ribeye for $44.90 which two of us had.  When it came it was about 3/4 of an inch thick and clearly not weighing more than 12-14 ounces.  It was also as limp as a wet noodle with an outside that was barely showing any grill marks (I guess because it was so thin and I ordered it medium rare they couldn't leave it on the grill long enough to give it some grill flavor).  We didn't know yet that the small size would be a blessing.  With our serrated knives we then began the arduous process of cutting into this miserable waste of beef.  The  excessive amount of cartilage and fat made the task of finding an edible piece of beef like a treasure hunt.  After it was all said and done I would estimate between the small size, the bone, the fat and cartilage we probably salvaged 6 ounces of edible beef (now you see why we were glad of its size).  And this is what we payed almost $90 for a combined 12 ounces of beef.    Now I can understand a steak going out every now and then that may not meet expectations but for two of them to go to the same table and be equally bad is not an oversight.   I would not recommend this restaurant to anybody but if you do go and are planning of having one of their $45 ribeyes, bring a saw because the serrated knife didn't make the cut.
4	I really wish I would have seen the lobster dinner special outside before I went in. I did end up having a ahi tuna steak, with wasabi mashed potatoes though, and that was delicious. And they had Bushmills 10 year on the menu! Had to order some, and it wasn't that expensive for the whiskey, which I though would be worse. Service was a bit slow, but I wasn't in a rush. Would definitely hit this up again.
4	$1 happy hour deals! :)I came here two nights in a row for their happy hour oyster deals. Super fresh, delish & best of all... dirt cheap! The first night we sat at the oyster bar which I highly recommend only because they will put your order ahead of everyone else's! There were about 15 orders ahead of us (that's how busy they get!) and we were able to get our oysters within 2 minutes. The second night we decided to sit at the bar where they served alcohol so we can watch the football game on the big screen. Our oysters took up to 15 minutes for each order! I didn't have a problem with the wait at all since my hubby and I were just chilling and drinking for the night.The oysters are medium sized and shucked once your order is in. It comes with a few side sauces that you can top your oysters with as well. I ordered their crab cakes (which is not on the happy hour menu) and they tasted okay. It wasn't as meaty as I expected it to be. I probably wouldn't recommend anyone to order this! If you're ever in Las Vegas, I highly recommend you come here for their oysters!
2	The service on this trip was disappointing.  I was in Las Vegas for work.  I made a reservation for 10 at this restaurant at 6:45 on a Wednesday night (not their peak time).  Two people from my group showed up 10-15 min early to have a drink and the hostess showed them where we'd be sitting.  As I showed up, they gave the table to another group (explanation - "someone in their party was named Chris also").  I didn't complain that it took 25-30 min after the reservation time before they sat us at another table but I was surprised that there wasn't an apology.  3 hours after I left the restaurant, I received a notice from OpenTable that the restaurant cancelled the reservation.  I called since I wasn't happy that they couldn't give me 100 Open Table points for a reservation of 10 people.  I got a manager who promised to fix it; never did.  The food is alright but go somewhere with better service.
4	Arrived 10 minutes early for our reservation for 5 people, but were not seated for 25 minutes and most of the night the service was slow.  That was on the down side, the upside was the food was great.  Split a strip steak and salmon. ~ both great quality and cooked well.  Someone else in my party got a seafood hot pot that was outstanding.  It was a little pricey, but reasonable against Las Vegas prices.
1	There's really nothing to rave about this place except how terrible their service is. My husband, mother-in-law, and I were really hungry because our flight was late and wanted to check out something nice.  We went to Caesar's Palace because it was a short walking distance from our hotel.  Initially, we were going to go to Planet Hollywood except the wait was too long and figured we should try something else.  Across from Planet Hollywood Restaurant was Joe's Stone Crab.  My husband and I tried the restaurant the last time we were in Vegas so I figured I'd check on Yelp to see what other eateries were in the plaza.  I noticed P.J. Clarke's New York Chophouse had a 4-stars rating so we decided to check it outAs we approached the restaurant, the hostess was really friendly and went over the menu with us.  At that moment on we were pretty sold and wanted to try it.  She escorted us to our table and we were told our servers would be right with us.  A few minutes passed by and we were shocked that none of the servers that were standing by the bar looking at us didn't seem to acknowledge us at all.  We made eye contact and still NOTHING. We decided to get up and leave and the hostess asked us what was wrong.  So we told her that none of the servers acknowledged us..  She looked shocked and went to talk to her colleagues but we stormed off and decided to spend our money else where.I really don't have much tolerance for rude people and bad service so I will never go back here.  Not even a look.
2	My husband and I decided to try this rest. becasue of the oysters on the half shell, while the oysters were great the Bartender at happy hour was horrible.  Not only did it take us 20 minutes to get our first cocktail (we were sitting at the bar) but when we disputed the bill he actually started yelling at us in front of all the other customers.  He was actually charging us for a more expensive premium coctail that we didn't order but he insisted that it was better than what we had ordered.  We finally just paid and left and will never return.
5	Vegas best bar with $1 oyster happy hour. Perhaps the best Bloody Mary I have ever had in a small fish bowl with a colossal shrimp on the side. The bar is old school with great professional bar keeps. Visit almost every afternoon on my Vegas trip not to be missed. Also great burger they can actually cook a medium rare burger.  These guys know what they are doing! Also back glass of bar us actually a 12 ft wide tv.
5	$1 oysters. They were fresh and delicious. Worth every penny!!
4	Excellent service, a good value for the money.  The food was excellent, especially for the price.
4	Went there on our last night had the special 99.00 dollars for two. 16 oz steak two lobster tails salad and dessert plus a bottle of wine. Service was good and the food was top notch
5	Had a fantastic lunch here today.  A bottle of Cakebread chardonnay, wedge salad with incredible blue cheese dressing, creamy clam chowder and an amazing Vermont Cheddar Burger on a soft bun that was out of this world.   It brought back a lot of fond memories from when I lived in Chicago right next door to the PJ Clarke's on North State Parkway.  Thanks for a memorable lunch.  I'll be back because I can't wait to try your oyster selections.   :)
4	Over-priced for steak. Ruths chris would be cheaper. Go for the west side oysters. Got the surf n turf. Yummy. The lobster was served outside shell. tater tots not worth it. Asparagus decent. Mac&cheese came out as shells and no cheese. Onion strings were perfect. Others had the ribeye and loved it.
4	Looking for some $1 oysters attracted me to P.J's and I wasn't disappointed.  They were good and I enjoyed being able to sit at the oyster bar and watch them being shucked and put on a bed of crushed ice.   The Skookum & Virginia oysters I got were the are on the medium to large size which is good if you like the larger size.  Interesting that the oysters in Seattle are normally on the smaller size and in Las Vegas the same variety is a bit larger.I definitely will come back when I'm in Las Vegas again.
3	Good food but lost stars for bad service. $1 oysters for happy hour, omgah Vegas really is paradise lol. Our table got 53 all together, they were good but some were kinda small. No biggie, I'm still satisfied My friends ordered the calamari, it's pretty bomb. But it should be for $12.00 hahah the sauce is amazing ! We ordered 3 $1.50 beef sliders and the waiter brought out four. We told him we only ordered three and our server Amanda came out and gave us SOO much attitude saying "you only ordered three? I could've sworn you said four" rolled her eyes and walked away. Our friend coming out from the bathroom said she saw her throwing the dish down in the back all angry and stuff.. Total turn off. Like seriously? How unprofessional. Buzz kill for sure.
3	Oysters were fresh but not worth at regular price, try it during happy hour for $1 each but they will get you on drinks $11 for a cheap wine, service tends to slow down during happy hour, bar should have a designated waiter/waitress, I feel sorry for the oyster shuckers trying to multi task although supervisors are helping outonce in a while, warning soda price $4 what a rip off.
3	Second time visiting Iceberg wedge is very good,they have a good blue cheese dressingOysters were very good and you can't beach the happy hour special 1 buck a piece.Top notch Bloody Mary.Good Manhattan Cocktail.Disappointed with there Burger, presentation was good but overall the meat had no flavor like they missed seasoning the beef.Other dishes our party ordered were Fried Chicken which was very good so was the shrimp cocktail, they have a very good cocktail sauce.Mac and Cheese was a bust was more like a soupy pasta dish... Not a creamy cheesy delight!!!!!!!!
2	I am a NY resident as well as a Vegas native home for the holidays.  We decided to go have lunch at the Forum with family and I was excited to see PJ Clarke's... sadly my reputation for knowing good restaurant is now in question.  I swore to my family this was a great NY institution... and we must try it!FOOD:- burgers were all good (though my medium was more well done)- the taters were great but the ketchup was too sweet- fried onion strings were great- the mac n cheese side (not the lobster) was good but smaller portion that we thought- the calamari was good- the most disappointing was the bacon on my burger... i had asked for extra crispy, and the manager said he would bring me extra crispy.. what they came back with was chopped up greasy bacon that was soggy :(THE SERVICE:- the hostess was nice, friendly and overall v good- our waitress was basically non-existent (and the restaurant was NOT busy.. lots of open tables around us) ...they served us the wrong drinks for the kids, and my sister had to go up to the bar herself to get the kids drinks because our waitress basically disappeared- we waited a v long time before we even got our drinks and then put in our order..overall ...v sad to say that i will not be visiting this PJ Clarke's and will warn all of my NY friends visiting Vegas and craving burgers that this is nothing like our PJ Clarke's on 3rd Ave :( ... falls very short!!!
5	Crab Cakes I still have dreams about.
2	The food was good. Tater tots were very good and the oysters were great. The reason for the 2 stars is the service. I waited over 45 minutes for 6 oysters. The waitress that we had checked on us once after the initial ordering. I saw multiple tables receive their oysters that were seated after us. Eventually the manager brought us our oysters, with the waitress finally coming back over and saying "wow the oysters are coming out slow". If you screwed up and didn't enter the order, just tell me. Don't try to BS your manager in front of me like I'm an idiot. Honestly I rarely complain about service at restaurants but this was awful. I had to ask both the hostess and the manager to get our waitress. Even upon the manager finding out what had happened, nothing was done about it. Truly atrocious service.
5	This review is only regarding the oyster happy hour which we have been to about 6 times in the last couple of years... In the last two years they have changed the days/hours/drinks/food on the happy our but one thing remains the same. Great 1$ oysters which never disappoint.We also love the service we get at the bar. Shout-out to Ryan at the oyster bar who is a great shucker and really nice guy! It's nice to see the same faces at the oyster bar every time we go. Makes us feel like regulars even though we live in Albuquerque. Right now they also have 3$  drafts, 2 for 1 cocktails and some cute looking sliders. As well as some other little food items. They seem to be revamping their image and it's working as now the oyster bar is a lot more crowded than it used to be :(.  We will always keep returning here!!
4	It happened to be the last day I was going to be in Vegas and it dawned upon me "You have not eaten a steak yet"  Sure I had my prime rib at the buffets and even some ribs but leave Vegas without a steak in my stomach - gasp - this could not be allowed.  While doing some last minute window shopping I signed onto Yelp and found this place and thank goodness for Yelp.  It was lunch time so I assume by the menu I was given, during lunch you have your choice of 2 steaks.  Skirt or filet mignon.  I went with the skirt steak, I LOVE LOVE LOVE skirt steak.  PJ Clarke's did not disappoint my love affair of skirt steaks.  I asked for it rare and rare I got.  A plate of juicy rare steak that just makes my mouth fill with saliva and longing as I write this review.  My boyfriend decided to try their fish and chips and according to him and the empty plate he left behind, it was delicious.  I saved the best for last though, dessert.  A rich decadent bourbon chocolate cream brulee.  Did your heart just skip a beat... cause mine did.  If anything, just come here for that brulee and cup of coffee and the world will suddenly become a better place.
5	Best secret in Vegas. No need to go to STK or Craftsteak or Strip House. This is how a chop house should be. This will be a pit stop from me as long as it is here. Great food! Great service!
4	I remember seeing the happy hour $1 oyster special the last time I was in Vegas and walking through the Caesars Palace mall.  So I told the wife we should go check this joint out for a mid day snack.We ordered a dozen oysters to snack on while we people watched.  Came with 3 sauces.... cocktial, mignonette, horseradish.  The oysters look small but are actually surprisingly plump.  Clean, sweet, not too briny.  So good we ordered another 1/2 dozen.  Also got some onion strings which were well seasoned and also very good.Can't beat the price for happy hour.  Made me want to go back and eat a real meal there.  Stay tuned....
1	In the past I have enjoyed this establishment sent all my family from out of town this way but now I have seen changes have taken place that I am questioning.....The quality of food has went down. My food was pink and raw quit a different flavor that I wasn't use to.  Really sad I guess I will try Gordon Ramsay Pub I haven't heard anything but G R E A T things about it.  I certainly don't think chef Ramsay would send anything R A W out of his kitchen.  I was afraid to ask for a re-fire since I couldn't get a hold of my phantom waitress.  The only good thing was it was easy access to my car to leave.
5	Another $1 oyster happy hour positive review.  We sat at the oyster bar - our shucker was super friendly.  Just to note, the $1 oysters are one variety - not all the varieties.  We ended up spending a fortune because we don't get a large variety of west coast oyster back home and wanted a treat.  $18 or so for 6 was not terrible on the "non-featured" oysters.  They also had other happy hour specials, such as sliders, that we did not partake in.  I did get the $6 prosecco drink special (after a regularly priced manhattan).  They had inexpensive beer specials too, I believe.Definitely recommended for happy hour - in a land of food discounts - this is, by far, the nicest.
4	I stumbled upon another Happy Hour spot on the Las Vegas Strip over at P.J. Clarke's which is daily from 3pm to 6pm.  Their headliners are their $1 freshly shucked oysters and their $1.50 burger "sliders."  You'll see why I put quotations there on sliders.I ordered a half dozen of their $1 oysters. http://bit.ly/WYjLmuIt really doesn't get any better than $1 oysters at Happy Hour.  Who cares what oyster farm they came from because they're $1 each!!   Nicely sized and pretty good!Now check out PJ's Famous Slidershttp://bit.ly/XADMzKNow you know why I put quotations.  Sliders?  Are you kidding me?  To me, sliders are little burgers that you can stuff in your mouth with one or two bites.  These suckers were huuuuge!!  Very tasty and also complimented the oysters very well.  It's almost a steal at $1.50 each.Washed it all down with a $3 Blue Moon which is another great Happy Hour deal.  So all together, half dozen oysters, two sliders, and a Blue Moon came to a whopping $12 before tax and tip.  Awesome!!!I'd say next to the Prime-time Bites at Palm Restaurant, this is probably one of the best Happy Hour deals on the Strip.  I'll definitely be back for this deal again!
5	This review is for their happy hour only.Everyday from 2:45 pm to 6 pm, P.J. Clarke's has a happy hour that is all about the oysters.  Available only when seated at the raw bar or drink bar, oysters of the day are freshly shucked for $1 a piece! Yes, you heard me right - get your fill of these ocean jewels for a $1 a piece!  They are served with horseradish, mignonette, and cocktail sauce.Most recently, their happy hour has expanded to include $1.50 sliders (that are pretty tasty and decent size) and discounted drinks.  On the day we went (01.15), they also offered cod bites ($9.50), baked mac n cheese ($6.10), steak satays ($8.80), buffalo chicken lettuce wraps ($7.90), and the snack of the day ($8.40).  The snack for that day were bite-size ahi tuna tartare tacos.  There were about 7 in an order - again, fits-in-your-mouth-perfectly-size.  Drink specials were domestic drafts ($3) and proseco ($6).Oyster expert Erick is manning the oyster bar and he knows a lot about the oysters.  Chef JB (not BJ) can also be seen there getting his hands dirty with the oysters.  On our very last visit, we had a great time with other diners enjoying happy hour and the staff.  Good times! When the raw bar gets full, you can sit at the drink bar but it's just not the same.  I've tried their serious Bloody Mary's and it's a stiff drink that's filled with lots of goodness.Oyster specials vary each day - I've been there for Watch House Point, VA oysters and James River, VA oysters.  I can't remember what the other ones I've had were.If I could have it my way, I'd be there everyday!
4	I came for Dana's Happy Hour UYE. Happy Hour is normally served at the raw bar or the alcohol bar from 3-6 daily. The main draw is the $1 fresh shucked oysters, but there are other treats as well. They have their other bites that are on their happy hour menu (which you can see online on their site, all various prices $6-9), 2 for 1 cocktail of the day, $3 draft beer, $6 prosecco. While I knew from signs it was at the bar, we were able to sit at a table. The BF and I chose Lagunitas IPA and Tenaya Creek Hefeweizen to drink since they were included in the $3 choices, which is nice as we only drink craft beers. We started off with a dozen oysters which were Crystal Pointe and they were delicious. Lovely, fresh and creamy. We got another 8 and those ones were a different breed, I cannot remember the name but it was double the size and a bit more briny. I know it was a Ca one. Also very fresh and good, but I preferred the first kind. They give you migionette, cocktail and horseradish. They pick the oyster for the HH, but depending on availability I guess it changes. We also got the cod bites which were really delicious. It was 3 small fish filets, but very fresh and fried to a crisp with a solid sauce. Also got a slider each which were good, but standard. They are a decent deal at $1.50 each though so I would get some to fill up if you're making a meal out of the happy hour. Service was pretty good. We got a waiter who was all worried since he found out we were Yelpers and he was the new guy who just started, but he was good and attentive so nothing to worry there. What he didn't know, he went to go find out for us.While it was happy hour and a good deal considering the quality, it racked up fast! For top notch oysters this is on the shortlist.(Yelp 100 Challenge 47/100)
2	My Strip steak was a $48.raw hide Waiter was pretty cocky,  Oh and don't get the ahi Tuna Tacos UnlessYou like a thimble size of tuna in a mini-thumb- sized shell.  Should have stayed with The Palm just inside of the Mall @ Caesars
5	$1 fresh oysters.That's right, FRESH delicious $1 oysters shucked in front of you by a very hardworking and sweet server as you sit enjoying your cheap beer and other happy hour tidings. We had three dozen and probably could have done four but we had dinner plans later. Wut wut, I know! We had two kinds while we were there, North Point and something from the east coast. I don't remember because I was too busy drowning my oysters in horseradish and vinegarette. Mmmm...There are also other munchies available like $1.50 sliders with juicy minature patties and toasted buns and fried cod fish (think fish & chips but minus the fries). Skip: The ahi tuna. Sizing was hilarious- it looked like a children's playset with little taco shells that only Barbie would consider the right size. Taste was non-existent because by the time it was in your mouth, you couldn't find it anymore. Totally my new favorite happy hour in vegas - 3-6 daily, baby!
4	It has been forever since I have been back to PJ Clarke's. The first time was not very impressive. This time was the exact opposite. Two of us came for happy hour after an afternoon of shopping at the Forums. It is by far one of the best happy hours on the Strip. Get there a little early because the seats fill up fast in front of the oyster bar. The special runs from 3pm- everyday and it is easy to camp there.First of all, nothing beats the $1 oysters. All the other food items are good, but $1 OYSTERS! It changes up every day. That day, we had Fanny Bay. Paired with a spoonful of their mignonette and a squeeze of lemon made for perfection. Once I got past this amazing offer, the mac'n'cheese is one of the best. It is jammed pack with bacon and peas. As for drink offers, check the list for the specialty cocktail of the day. I just stuck with an Old Fashion. It is not the best companion to the seafood, but cut the decadence of the mac well. On my way out, I saw the advertisement for their date special. A three course meal for two with a select bottle of wine for less than $100. Hello?! Are you still on the Strip? I must come back for this one day.
4	I organized my UYE here and got to hang out with fellow Yelpers Jade, her boyfriend Scott, Kevin, Molly, Julia, and briefly Anthony. The company was definitely great.We were here for their HH which offered $1 Oysters from 3pm-6pm, reduced prices on appetizers and beer, and buy one - get one cocktail of the day. Since it was an organized event we were able to take advantage of the HH items at a table instead of the bar. I started off with half a dozen Crystal Pointe oysters. They tasted incredibly fresh and I knew six would not be enough. Next dozen of oysters were California oysters but I don't remember the variety name. These were large, meaty and filling. Very delicious and fresh. We were provided with Tabasco  sauce in addition to mignonette, cocktail and horseradish sauces. I also had their Cod Bites (picture provided) which were $9.50 for two decently sized pieces of battered cod. It was perfectly cooked with great flavor. They also offered $1.50 sliders as well. The food and the oysters were fantastic. This is such an amazing deal for FRESH, high quality oysters. The server was friendly and accommodating. The only bummer was their cocktail of the day...it was just  vodka cranberry.
2	This is a review of the happy hour.The Skinny: poor execution of American Classics but still edible... I guess (3) service: it's okay at the bar - we had to get our bartender's attention quite a few times though (2.5) value: for the price we paid, you'd do a lot better elsewhere (2.5)The hubs and I had to schlep it down to Forum Shops because of a shopping errand for my mom. While we were at it, we decided to hit P.J. Clarke's for their happy hour. Just to preface, we don't indulge in oysters so if you're interested in the $1 oyster thing, this review might not apply to you. We ordered the buffalo chicken lettuce wraps ($7.90), crispy cod pieces ($9.50), a slider ($1.50), and the baked macaroni and cheese ($6.10).I'd say definitely pass on the slider. Too little meat in the burger and of what was there, it was under seasoned. The bun, unfortunately, was hard and had an unpleasant texture. After one bite, we left the remaining bread alone.The buffalo chicken lettuce wraps were odd. I guess if you are looking for a lighter alternative to buffalo chicken wings then perhaps this might appeal. However if you throw in the blue cheese dressing , it might be a wash. The buffalo chicken wraps were essentially diced up pieces of chicken breast - either grilled or sauteed - drenched in buffalo wing sauce and then served with lettuce and pickled cucumber and some carrot curls. Decidedly meh... if you're craving buffalo chicken wings, these are a poor substitute. The texture of the chicken was overly firm despite the dicing. Although the pickled cucumbers were okay, the whole plate needed more of the carrot and the addition of celery to cut through the heat. The blue cheese dressing was not overly "blue cheesy" and was solid.Baked macaroni and cheese with bacon and peas was okay. The cheese sauce was overly thick, gumming the pasta shells together to make an unpleasant texture. The flavor balance of the dish wasn't quite right either - there was a little too much bacon and not enough cheese. For the serving size and the cost, I'd skip this one too.The best thing was definitely the fried cod pieces. The batter was light and held well together with the fish. The tartar sauce was good but not spectacular - requiring perhaps a little more acidity to make it more interesting. That being said, you could probably get something like this at a much better price elsewhere.Of note, we did sit next a couple who ordered the chef's happy hour special of the day which were the ahi tuna tacos. I have to say, it was embarrassing. The tuna tacos were about the size of a taco made for a Smurf (FYI - smurfs are 3 apples tall). I think I could have fit all six tacos in the palm of my hand and consumed it in one bite. Although I did not try this item myself, given the portion size, I would highly recommend against ordering this. (Unless you are a high roller Smurf with money to burn in.)All in all, this meal set us back about $30 which is expensive for happy hour specials. Although the food is indeed edible - probably between a level of 2.5 to a 3 star - the value for your money just isn't there. So overall, I'd say 2.5 stars rounded down to a 2 when you factor in the cost. Avoid if you're not interested in oysters or drink specials. 2 starred review.
1	We came here because my grandma had a taste for lobster and all of the other restaurants in Cesar's had a wait and they had a sign right outside that said 1 lb Maine lobster for $48.  She had the 1 lb lobster and I had the 8 oz filet and lobster tail.  We also had a crab cake for appetizer.  The crab cake was pretty small for $16 and the meat was just ok - my grandma said it tasted like the one she gets from the pouch from the store.  We agreed the best part was the crust on the top.  Not worth $16.  The lobsters were all overcooked and I don't think they were 8 oz.  My filet was undercooked - it was more rare than medium rare and the flavor was just ok.  For $130 we got very mediocre food.  The service was good though and the staff was pretty friendly.  I forgot my purse here and went right back to get it like 5 minutes later but it was already in the back and it took them like 10 minutes to get it out - that was strange.I would try this place for happy hour but never for anything else.
5	5 Stars for Oyster Happy Hour. Best around and 7 days a week YUM!
4	Just came from a dinner meeting at this restaurant. Had the Chophouse Iceberg Wedge salad with the blue cheese dressing. Then for main course had the Ahi Tuna Steak w/wasabi potatoes and citrus soy dressing and veggies. For dessert had the fresh berries warm vanilla custard.The salad was cold and crisp and was very good. The Tuna steak was perfectly seared and was perfection. Dessert was very good, but was not warm. Overall: fast, prompt service, clean and organized. I would recommend the Tuna Steak for sure. As for a dinner meeting with a presentation, wouldn't like that particular room again. The speaker had a hard time competing with the Kitchen Chef yelling out food orders on the other side of the wall.
2	Food was average. Steak was a little tough and the bread before the appetizer seemed a little cheap. My "warm apple cobbler" was cold- :(. I did enjoy the wedge salad. Probably won't be back unless it's free.
5	It pays to do your research! I went here for the $99 Steak Deal for 2, a 3 course meal which consisted of your choice of: Appetizer: caesar salad or clam chowderMain Entree (one per party): 40 oz porterhouse steak or delmonico steak & twin lobster tailsDessert: bread pudding or NY style cheesecakeNot only that, it includes a wine pairing! We opted for the porterhouse. I would have liked it to have more flavor, but it was fine as it was. The bread pudding was delicious. We also added a side of their mac & cheese, which was probably a mistake, but it was pretty good as well. Great deal, good food, and nice service. Next time I'll need to remember to make room for the $1 oysters from their happy hour menu!
4	Tried the T-bone steak and it was a fatty juicy steak just the way I wanted it tonight.  We got in late for the happy hour $1 oysters but the server was so kind to ask his manager if we could have oysters for a $1 and he said YES and that made our night so much more fun and enjoyable.
4	I am saving a star until I come for dinner. This is a great oasis for me in the insane flow of a second day in Vegas. I come here and reestablish that I am on vacation and have a bit of time to just enjoy myself. No need to crush in a thousand things. Just relax and have a drink. Slurp an oyster and enjoy some lunch. Be a master of the universe. Conquer a moment as if it were a billion dollar deal. Hit this rare find and know that you did something special.
3	Pretty nice happy hour, you cant beat $1 oysters and $1.50 sliders! We came in on a Friday during happy hour and sat at the oyster bar, there was only 1 other couple there so there was plenty of room. Ordered a dozen oysters and a couple of Bloody Mary's. The Bloody Mary was excellent with a prefect amount of sweet and spice. Be careful though as each one is $15, I suppose they need to make money somewhere since they are pretty much giving away the oysters. The oysters we had were from BC, cant remember the name, they were okay. Not the best but nowhere near the worst oysters I've had. Overall this place is a solid 3 star place, while the $1 oysters are what drew us into this place the tab quickly got up to about $100 with a few drinks and a couple of $1.50 sliders and at that price you could get better oysters elsewhere. Still, I would have no problems coming back and would actually like to try the $99 dinner for 2 special they have here.
4	Great food: I LOVE OYSTERS, FRESHLY SHUCKED. $1 too? TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE... MMMM  Their sliders were pretty bomb too and WHAT ONLY $1.50?! Medium rare goodness. Buns slightly sweet and toasted. 3 will get you full. 5/5 for both!BAD SERVICE. Non-existant care. Who was our server? I don't even know....1/5I put more weight the goodness of the food, 4/5 total. IF only service was better. 5 stars!
5	If you're staying at Caesars and make a reservation on here because it's close, don't. It's literally the farthest possible restaurant from the hotel. BUT, worth it. Good service, extensive menu items, i had the surf and turf and my steak was cooked to perfection.The location allows you to watch random crazy ass tourists stroll by. Worth the walk.
4	This review will be based on their happy hour. EVERYDAY. 3PM-6PM. $1 OYSTERS. EVERYDAY. Really, need I say more? I found this place with the help of fellow Yelpers planning UYEs (that I couldn't make -__- ). When I heard about these oyster prices I made sure to come by and check it out myself! It was probably the happiest day of me and Joshua B's life. We killed about 3 dozen our first trip.. hehehe. They have about 5 different types of oysters. I've practically tried all of them :X Not all in one trip though. For happy hour, you don't really get a choice of which one you'll be getting, it's just which one they'll serve. We were lucky enough to try two different kinds our first visit. First the Skookum, WA and then Fanny Bay, BC. I was told by our shucker that Fanny Bay is in the top 5 for best oysters, but I honestly preferred the Skookum. Fanny Bay was just too large for my taste, I'm still somewhat of an oyster noob so I prefer them a little smaller. The sliminess of the oyster was just too overwhelming. My second visit consisted of Fanny Bay again, and Crystal Point. Crystal Point is definitely my favorite thus far. If the oysters don't fill you up (they do no where close of for me..) you should try the sliders! $1.50 per slider and 2 is all you really need after your dozen oysters! They're honestly made to perfection. Last HH menu item i've tried is the fish tacos... don't even bother considering this plate (especially you fellas reading). When they presented it infront of me I thought it was a joke, like they were presenting a demo item of what was really coming out. There were 8 little tiny fish tacos lined up on this stretched out rectangular plate that looked like it could fit in Barbie's hands. I'm not even kidding, I wish I was. The tacos were a major bust but that won't keep me from always returning here and inhaling those precious little oysters! You can't beat those prices! 4 out 5 stars only because I have yet to return and try their actual menu.
5	About once a week me and some friends order to go from here! They always have the PJ's Famous Hamburger & Fries and I usually have a grill cheese & creamy tomato soup! Such a fabulous idea, for them to deliver in Forum Shops and Caesars Palace ! If you're in town, stop by, if you're a local, this is the place to be for your treats! Also their happy hour with $1 oysters is the best in town! Enjoy!
5	Amazing!I came here 3 times so far and each time they impress me with the quality of food and service. I really enjoy their happy hour menu which goes on every day from 3-6. Their $1 oyster is the best on the menu. You can enjoy it at the oyster bar or at a table, but at the bar you can watch them shuck them with ease. I also had their $99 menu which included a appetizer, soup/salad, main course, and a dessert....and cannot forget a WHOLE bottle of wine of your choice.  For that price, the meal fed 3 people easy...This is a place I know I will be stoping by when I head into Vegas.
5	Went for dinner on a Sunday night. Staff was amazing and ultimately we had a great dinner.As the name suggests, the steak is what to order. Anything else is at your own risk.
5	Review is for Happy Hour Only!P.J. Clarke's is located in the Forum Shops on the bottom level. (Just in case you're rushing to make the happy hour and have no idea where to go.)Go for the $1 Oysters for Happy Hour everyday from 3-6pm! You have the option to sit at the regular bar or oyster bar. The oysters are shucked and on ice, then served with 3 sauces--cocktail, horseradish and a shallot vinaigrette. It's great to sit back and relax after shopping and walking on the strip. It's my new go-to spot whenever I'm in Vegas!
2	Party of five and we all sat up at the oyster bar for happy hour.  It was my first time to try oysters and these were pretty good.  However, the Hispanic guy (wearing the cabbie hat) who was working the oyster bar didn't make the experience good or even great.  Drinks came out slow, he forgot condiments (and other info about oysters), and just a plain old super rigid guy.  We even asked if we could try other stuff at the bar, he gave a quick "NO" and continued on with his happy hour.  I never saw him crack a smile or joke around except with other coworkers.  It was just a bad experience.  I have been told that there is another person that works the oyster bar who is a hundred times better so next time, I will make sure its not frowny face mcgee working the oyster bar.
3	Was empty for dinner. Had to ask for the $99 porterhouse special for 2. Appetizer, steak, and desert was very good. Cooked perfectly medium rare. Ordered 1 extra side , so we weren't just eating protein for dinner.  Finished 3/4 of the wine bottle myself. Thank god it came with the meal. Service was a little lacking.. If I had to compare, I would get brands porterhouse for 2.
5	If you like oysters this place is great for happy hour.  $1 oysters and you can pick a few different kinds.  Service is great and friendly.  Highly recommended!!!
2	Came in 01/25/2013 - for birthday dinner.  Service was on point, let us be loud and silly and were very accommodating of our group.Food - WAY overpriced for the quality of beef.  I don't mind paying $50 for a steak, but it better melt in your mouth.  I literally had to saw through the meat and chewing was a project too.Again..the service was great, it was just the food that wasn't so hot.The happy hour oysters were a great deal, were fresh and if we ever come back, that is all it would be for.  Go for happy hour oysters, skip the steak.
5	My wife and I came to Las Vegas to Celebrate our 1st anniversary , we got married in Vegas last year. We were at a bar in Mandlay bay and asked bartender for a good place to eat for our anniversary , he told us to go to PJ Clark's  and said great food for a Greta price! We went and he was right the food was excellent! But not only that the service was excellent! I wish I remember name of server but never have we had server treat us as we'll as he did. What a wonderful way to celebrate our anniversary ! Thank you! We will be back!
4	Oyster Bar Happy Hour, worth it. Beers - solid selectionSteak - just how you like it.Location - pretty much center of the strip, 45 second walk to it from your chair, and I've always enjoyed a stroll through the forum shops to cool down and gawk at stuff I cannot afford. Bring a girl, girls love oysters.
4	Great service and food. Went for lunch with the wife and we were seated immediately. Split a prawn cocktail with huge prawns (4) and cocktail sauce with some kick to it. Petit filet for me, cooked and sauced perfectly. Wife had the lobster BLT and loved it.
5	We went for happy hour as a group of 6 - great service, even better food and drinks. The table had tuna tacos, meatballs, 3 dozen oysters, 2 dozen sliders plus several rounds of Cable Cars. Oysters were fresh, delicious and ONE DOLLAR each! Can't be beat. The sauces (horseradish, cocktail sauce, shallot vinaigrette) were amazing. Word of advice, though the sliders are only $1.50 - they are quite large for "sliders" so be careful! The Cable Cars were great - especially since I'm not a spiced rum fan - but for buy one, get one I had to try it (plus 3 more)!
4	I came here for the Show Dinner deal. I think it was $100 for a bottle of wine, appetizer, soup, salad, steak and lobster, dessert. The deal was great for the price. Lobster was not that good but steak was decent. Can't say no to the $1 oyster. Minus a star for the horrible service!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	My group had the bone in filet, the pork chops, the salmon, the mac n cheese and the mashed potatoes, as well as Cesar salads to start. All were delicious! They also have a deal where 2 people can get a bottle of wine, soup or salad, steaks and dessert for $99 which is a screaming deal for high quality food smack dab in the center of the strip.
4	Buck a shuck oysters from 3-6pm in Cesar's Palace is a steal! My only wish was for a wider variety of oyster available for the happy hour. Came to Vegas from the Pacific Northwest and got buck a shuck oysters from the Pacific Northwest. Their happy hour menu has more than oysters on it as well.Good way to have a snack and a nice cocktail.
4	$1 oysters!!!!!!!!! Gotta love them JUST for this special. Our experience would have been perfect if our server was mmm a bit more experience. I don't want to say he was horrible just.. kind of unprofessional BUT he was a cool guy lol .Took off our corkage fee :) woooot $25 for corkage.. ridick.. but anyways, ordered about 2 dozen oysters and a few sliders.. More than stuffed. :)
5	This review is just for the happy hour.  They have $1 oysters and $1.50 sliders from 3-6pm, best deal on the strip.  Both were great and to top it off they also have $3 draft beers.  We always try to hit them up at least once every time we go to Vegas.
2	So we got there and ordered the basics, Blue Wedge, Ribeye and sides of asparagus, Baked Mac & Cheese and creamed spinach.  The service was very friendly, but not very able.  We were starving so quickly ordered salads and bread.  They said they would bring out the bread first, the bread, the bread, Bueller, Bueller, anyone?  It did not go down hill from here, nor did it get better, it was just consistently mediocre.  So they bring our the salad and we are still waiting for the bread and they come around to give us steak knives, then they walk around the table two times and then walk away without leaving us the knives.  We finish the salads, right as they bring out the bread.  They take away our plates, and we wait for the steaks.  We ordered a Ribeye, a Porterhouse and a filet.  The steaks come out, with no sides.  Oh, remember that question about steak knives and if the waiter should place them on the table...not only do we not have steak knives we have no flatware, the flatware left with the dirty salad plates, just as they should have, but was not replaced until we asked for it, well after the steaks arrived.  Oh, and the sides.... they eventually showed up.  So let's talk about the food.  My ribeye had fantastic flavor, though a little over done - I ordered medium rare and it turned up medium, and I was enjoying it for the first half, until I got closer to the bone when what was medium turned into medium well.  Now, please understand that steaks continue to cook after you remove them from heat, so if I would have been able to eat the steak when it came out, perhaps it would have been okay, but remember earlier when I said we had steaks but no flatware, that may have made all the difference in how done the steak was.  So, I just left the second half uneaten, paid our bill and left.  $200 bill for three steaks, salads and sides, but no alcohol.  One of the worst dining experiences I have had at that price point - ever, it was just skating on the edge the whole way, never bad enough to really complain, but just bad enough to make it not an enjoyable meal.No reason it had to turn out this way, I hope management reads this and addresses the issues.
4	Great place.  Definitely get the 99 prix fixe menu.  Plenty of good food for a great price.  2 salads, 2 crab cakes, 40oz steak, 2 desserts and a bottle of wine.  The wine was ok, everything else was excellent.  Difficult to get to as it is at the end of the Caesars mall but worth the walk.
2	Came for the $99 x 2 as a party of fourChowder - good but not remarkableSalad - awful, drenched in vinegar18oz Ribeye - tasty but lots of gristle and fat, not a nice texture40oz Porterhouse - outside cuts tasty but mostly blandApple crumble - goodCheesecake - awful, like it was defrostedAtmosphere - poor, more like a sports bar than a steakhouseService - just OK
5	Wonderful dinner in a nice casual atmosphere!  We were looking for a nice place to take our 12 year old son that he didn't have to be overly dressed up, and this place hit the mark.Located in the Forum Shops it was a great location with the best service we have had in a long time.  Our server was very nice and made great suggestions on food and on things to do in the area.Food was spectacular! My husband and I did the 99.00 special and it was a marvelous deal, our steaks melted in our mouths. Salad had one of the best homemade dressings I have ever tasted.  Our desserts were fresh and tasted homemade.  Our son had the skirt steak and loved it.Add great service and an atmosphere this is a must try in Vegas!
5	They have a fantastic Raw Bar and The Crisp Point Judith Calamari was delicious. I had the Today's Market Fish (chef special): It was salmon stuffed with crab. Loved it. If you're ever in Vegas you have to try it.
5	A coworker brought me here for lunch. This place is awesome!!! The oysters were FRESH and their shucking was perfect. I didn't get any broken shell or anything! The sliders were awesome as well. The chef and Erick Martinez gave great service and were awesome! Thanks guys, I will definitely be back and I will bring everyone I know here.
5	Great Happy Hour specials from 3-6pm DAILY.  $1 oysters and $1.50 sliders.  Found our new oyster spot.  These things are huge.
4	Oysters for $1 at happy hours(3-6) nobody can complain, best deal in Las Vegas.Fresh Sea food millions miles from the ocean.And lots of other good food, excellent service, very nice stuf.Will come back for sure.
5	Awesome hangout spot. Inspirational crap written on the walls.  happy hour is pretty good. $3 drafts. $1 Oysters. $1.50 Sliders. Awesome oyster bar even better bar! Bartender Tim was an amazing dude. Will definitely be stopping by every day from 2:45-6 whenever in Vegas!
5	This review is for the Happy hour and service at the Bar.....We ordered 2 dozen oysters....$1 buck each ... That's a great deal ... Plus 12 sliders for our group ..... $1.50....a piece another good happy hour item.   Ordered the Bloody Mary again.......and as. Always these bloody Mary's r good...I always order them extra Spicy...they come with olive, celery and a jumbo shrimp as garnish.... Bartender Tim...was great on service always had water refilled without having to ask...and joked around with our group.....much better food compared to the lat visit..so for this happy hour foood and service review...they get 5 stars...
3	REVIEW 365 OF 2013!!!YELP 365 CHALLENGE (LA Style) - Crushed and DeMELished!!!Met up with a few close friends to celebrate the GF's birthday. I've heard of the place, seen it, but never had the opportunity until now. Let's start with the restaurant itself.  I thought that the actual restaurant is clean and loved the ambiance because it wasn't packed for a Holiday weekend.  The menu is just a basic one pager with food on one side and wines on the other.  The first thing to catch my eye with PJ Clarke's menu is the sticker price.  Here, you get your choices of different steaks, lobster, fish, burgers, and a few different appetizers.  The prices are a bit high, but expected since it's on the strip and in the Forum.  This is a chophouse and their steak and seafood entrees are about what you expect to pay for on the strip.  The portions looked just about right too.  My gripe about the prices is on their other food outisde of steaks.  Everything outside of their steaks were a bit over-priced.  I wasn't in the mood for steak on this visit, so I ended up with their Cadillac Burger (Over $20).  No frills, above average taste, but not worth the price tag in my opinion.  We had tater tots, calamari, and onion strings for appetizers and felt that all three were little on the salty side.  Terri R had the Lobster Mac and I thought it was pretty good, but a touch on the salty side too.  Service here wasn't the best. From where we were at, you can hear the chef yelling at that the staff and our server wasn't the most attentive.  First, he took forever to take our order.  When our orders finally came in, he just dropped off the food without even asking if we needed anything else.  Yes sir, ketchup would be nice with our fries. Please, some dipping sauce for our onion strings would be great.  A knife would be perfect with my meal, but I guess a butter knife is all I get.  I also got an allergic reaction from my dessert (my fault).  All I needed to hinder my nauseousness was some crackers.  Our server was too busy chatting with his buds that I had to wave for another server to take care of us.  The sad part...our group was big and the tip was automatically added.  That means that our server got close to $100 for doing almost nothing. Overall, not the biggest fan of PJ's.All is not lost though.  I still had a great time with friends and the birthday girl, Terri R.  Happy Birthday to my GP!!!  If I could rate the restaurant based on the great time we all had during dinner, it would be 5+ Stars for sure.  PS:  Read the reviews...seems like Happy Hour is the way to go here.  Maybe, I will be back.  But for now, 3 stars is all you get, PJ Clarke.
4	I came here support friend Terri R on her birthday!  Along with couple other friends/yelpers. Most part think it was all of our first time here so let the yelping begin. Lol! Honestly one of the first impressions got was had total New York vibe from first step walk into the restaurant too even the exterior design. I felt like I was going into basement or someplace dark for dinner because at times felt like needed more lighting just too read the menu. The whole service staff had the traditional white collar shirts, black tie, and black apron. Really style you see at high end steak house in New York. Too all the pictures hanging on the walls from different perspectives of the city, and the the white paper instead of tablecloth. Too daily specials written on different parts of the walls chalkboard style. If want be in New York State of mind this restaurant has the vibe.The food since big party ordered few different apps so got too try the parmesan potatoes (sure not the exact name), and  calamari (one with hot peppers and one without). The parmesan potatoes were really good! I like the balance between the cheese and potatoes neither one dominated the other flavor wise. Nice crispy outside and hot moist inside! The presentation got give props for small cast iron skillet enough too fit six perfectly. The calamari enjoyed both of them. I enjoy spicy food so prefer the ones with the hot peppers. Spice level nothing but still like little extra something added too the depth of flavor. It nice size portion, golden crispy outside, and nice tartar sauce came as compliment dipping sauce. I had clam chowder too start meal. It was solid nothing too brag about but soup that order again in heart beat. My entree I ordered the fish and chips. I LOVED the batter that the fish was fried in. It was beer batter but also they used nice IPA beer. It had nice golden crispy slightly on the darker side thinking maybe the IPA just cheap beer. Yet it not heavy heavy batter still light and once break the crust the fish steaming hot and moist. The fish size in one monster piece. It covers the plate on top of bed of skinny fries. The shoe strings fries were nothing special. It lot of food. Bargain. Most people come here for HH. I noticed on the menu dollar oysters star of the show but other things on the HH menu too. If look at the regular menu prices the HH might be the best route too go. I could see myself coming back for HH.
4	Searching for a light dinner, and my friend suggested Pj Clarke's for Happy hour.  GREAT PRICE and YUMMY FOOD!  We had the sliders, mac and cheese, and steak skewers.  Mac and cheese was really flavorful, and the sliders were perfect!  $1.50 each, order 3 and you have a pretty filling meal!  Loved them all, and it was so cheap!  Next time I want to try the oysters, but no one else wanted to split them with me haha.
4	I work in the Forum Shops and I've been eating off the mall employee menu ever since they started to offer it. Although there was a recent altercation on this particular menu, I'm still pleased with the prices they have to offer. The PJ burger is pretty amazing I must say, it was previously priced at $5 and went up to $6, but it is worth every penny. The hamburger patty is a good size, thick enough for them to ask how you want the meat cooked. Most of the time my patty is cooked the way I asked, but my most recent I asked for medium rare and they gave me medium well/well done. It's alright no big deal. I also like the chicken sandwich, the portion of chicken they put on the bun is huge. They use brioche bread, which I absolutely love. These deals on the mall employee menu can't be beat and I'm glad they continue to offer it. The service is pretty good for to go, but I can't comment on dinning here since I haven't yet.
2	Service was sweet, but I've had better seasoned and flavored steaks. The share a steak and get a salad, side and dessert was a good deal for $99 though included a half bottle of merlot or cab
5	Loved every part of the meal. We came during happy hour (3-6) and ordered sliders ($1.50 each), oysters (1.00 each), and the tuna tartar tacos. Everything was delicious and the service was good :)
5	The fish in the fish and chips are so buttery, flaky and so tender. The best ive had anywhere.
4	My boyfriend and his family came here for dinner on a Wednesday night with reservations at 6:30pm. It was quite empty...maybe because happy hour was just over??  The restaurant is very dim so this is definitely a great place to take someone on a date!  We had a party of 5 and since we have some meat eaters and wine fans, we opted to get there prefix meal, which is a 3 course meal and a bottle of wine for two people for $99.  Since there was 5 of us, we got 2 prefix meals and another entree.  What we orderedAppetizer-Field Greens Salad with Balsamic Vinaigrette-  very refreshing but a little heavy on the vinaigrette.  ask for it on the side-Classic New England Clam Chowder-  this is probably one of the best clam chowders ever!  They definitely do not skimp out on the clams!  Very rich, creamy, and chunky.  Delicious with oyster crackers!Entree-Colossal Sliced Prime Aged Porterhouse Steak (40oz)-  I am not that big of a steak fan but some steaks can be really tasty.  This steak was a little to dry for me, although it was still cooked medium rare, the cut of the meat was dry.-Broiled Aged Delmonico Steak (18oz) paired with Jumbo Lump Maryland Crab Cakes-  Wow, the delmonico steak could not have tasted better!  It was juicy, moist, and had some fatty parts (which i like).  Perfect balanced with the Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes! Dessert-Warm Granny Smith Apple Cobbler-  This was good but nothing memorable-NY Style Cheesecake with Warm Berry Compote- I love cheesecake so this was a bonus for me!  The berry compote adds a different taste to a normal cheesecake.  The cheesecake itself is creamy and the crust was soft.Sides-Grilled Jumbo Asparagus ($9.15)- nothing special.  just plain old asparagus.  could make it myself (get any other sides besides this....ridiculous price for veggies)-Crispy Onion Strings- YUM!!  I love anything fried and anything thin!!  These are super delicious and perfectly seasoned!  Since we ordered 2 prefix meals, we just opened one bottle of wine and they let us take the other one home.  The staff here seems very professional and well put together.  One server dropped their dishes right by us and the plates clattered and the first thing you notice is everyone gets to the scene and cleans up while others are asking us if we were okay, if we were hurt, and just showing concerns if there was anything they could do for us.  STRONG EFFORT in showing customer service to you guys!  I'd like to come back and try some other items as well.  Maybe happy hour for the $1 oysters??NOTE:-Clean bathrooms-Happy Hour 3-6pm
4	This place is the real deal Holyfield.... If you're looking for a solid raw bar! We order 3 dozen east coast oysters and jumbo shrimp cocktail.... Solid. It's kind of a hike from the casino.
5	I am a huge fan of this place, great oysters, great steaks, great vibes, young hip crowd with a few richies mixed in.   5 star for the food, and service!
3	We decided that our last night in Vegas, we should go to a nice dinner at a steakhouse. Not being familiar with the area, we checked out yelp. We chose P.J. Clarke's because of the good reviews and reasonable prices. It's a steakhouse, so you're going to pay a good amount, but by comparison, it's pretty reasonable.The thing that bugged me the most is that we were seated in their "patio" section, which isn't really a patio at all. Part of the restaurant juts out into the Forum Shops mall. So, it was very much like having a romantic evening, in Vegas, inside of a mall. Le sigh.The food was good, but next time I would definitely skip the macaroni and cheese. I was expecting a baked dish, but it was more of noodles with alfredo sauce and breadcrumbs sprinkled on top.
4	Repeated visit this last trip to Vegas and they ran out of oysters before 4pm! The waiter didn't know what was in the happy hour special cocktail.
4	Carlos is a great server, on point.  We came in for the boyfriends birthday.  East coast oysters I wasn't too fond of.  The fries were a bit salty.  I did request truffle oil.  They gave me a large side of it for $3.  The clam chowder was good.  We also got little neck clams, shrimp cocktail, and drinks.  Our total came out to $89. I am  very picky when I order and the server was patient and accommodating.  My boyfriend enjoyed it.  Will be coming back for the $99 special.
4	PJ's is hands down the best food for the best price for Forum Shop employees. When I first started working in this mall I dreaded having to buy lunch if I didn't have time to pack one. PJ's has a special menu for mall employees, and best of all they deliver for free! They just added some new items to the menu for the summer, but my favorite thing to order is the grilled chicken sandwich with bleu cheese. It's only $7 and you get a bag of chips and a cookie too. I would give them 5-stars but there have been a couple occasions where they forgot to include things in my order, like charging me for bleu cheese but not putting any on my sandwich and forgetting to include the lettuce, tomato, and onions. All around though I'm very satisfied with the food. (Oh and the delivery girl is hot, that's always a plus)
1	OK - For the first time in my life I simply could not wait to get on YELP and let this place have it because from START TO FINISH this was the most unbelievabe unmitigated dinner disaster in the last 10 years.Arrive check in 8 of us tonight and head to the bar.  The first thing I notice is this place for Saturday Night when all the surrounding restaurants are packed is DEAD.. First impression problem.6 of us saddle up to the bar and order some drinks.  NOBODY but  2 people at the bar and the bartender is more interested in carrying on a conversation with the two other guys there then serving or making our drinks.  I am not kidding when I say he could care less we were ordering he was babbling to the two patrons checking his phone texts etc in short WE SHOULD HAVE LEFT THEN.After finally gettting drinks we sit and are presented the specials etc.. we order a very high end bottle of cabernet which takes forever to arrive and NO RED WINE GLASSES are available Are you kdding.  Appears they have  a small wedding in the private dining room monopolizeing all the staff.wine arrives we move to appetizers....   Shrimp cocktail and oysters outstanding got to tive them that.. From there everything else was a BURN THE PLACE down situation.First bottle of wine completed we order a wine plus VINTAGE and the bartender who didn't bother to care if we were there shows up with NO WINE GLASSES AND the wrong vintage.. SEND IT BACK..... we wait 20 minutes for the replacement bottle... OK WTF are you kidding me...  Finally  can't take it any longer and ask for the Manger who is EQUALLY inept from every point of view.  Still No wine glasses wine take forever to arrive and well no food..Entrees.. PRIME STEAKS are advertised.. I will bet anyone 1K per steak that what was served was nothing better then Horse meat where it still had marks from where the Jockey was hitting it... All 3 steaks go back.  Along with 3 sides which were inedible. Fried Chicken 1 steak and a delmonico steak and lobster split for two were good but nothing special. OH YES other bottle of wine still missing when it finally arrives NO GLASSS I QUIT folks. No Deserts or coffee were wanted or tried. So Here is the review.Appetizers Oysters / shirmp very good fresh.Entrees  aside from the Fried Chicken Sent back and inedibleSides HORRIBLE - Bake potatoes nuked rest of them  simply not worth trying... Service In all my days / nights trips / travel I have never experienced service this bad in my entire life.. UNBELIEVABLY BADGentlemen - You put the name of a NYC / Washington DC steak house on the place yet its a Bennigans in Disquise.. Absolutely horrible from every facet of acceptability.  This place will never last and I could care if the servers on down all go bankrupt.  DISGUSTING.SAVE YOUR $$$$$$ DONT Spend a dollar here.. A 100% disgrace.
5	After having a surprisingly profitable weekend of gambling, I was looking to have a nice meal to celebrate while not burning through all of my gambling profits. I settled on P.J. Clarke's and was quite happy with my choice. I had the filet; it was perfectly cooked and immaculately flavored.  Could not have asked for more from the steak. My buddy ordered an appetizer of Crisp Parmesan Tater Tots. I gave him a funky look given the price and the fact that he ordered tater tots at a steakhouse, but it turns out they serve these with a side of crow. They were amazing!  On top of this, our waitress was flawless for the entire duration of our meal. Could not have asked for a better experience.
5	Went twice during the trip once for lunch and then the next night for just drinks . They are amazing when we walking in as they were closing but it did not matter. We were in Las Vegas for my friend's 40th birthday and they were like "Awesome come on in"! The drinks were very good. Not a fan of my "Old fashion" they make it very different with seltzer water.....I know I know then its not an "Old Fashion" but hey its how they make it. They have a great selection at the bar and even with them cleaning and packing up for the night they were awesome!
2	I had P.J. Clarke's bookmarked for a really long time, when I go to the Forum Shops, it's usually to eat at Joe's, but I had been hearing so much about the $1 oysters during happy hour, I finally decided to walk passed Joe's and give them a try. We sat at the bar, started out with an order of James River oysters and Luna (I can't remember which was offered during happy hour, they serve both East and West Coast) and the bartender kept stressing that only one is offered during happy hour. We kept telling him "we get it, we are ok paying regular price for the oysters". When the oysters arrived, they looked decent, but the taste fell short of anything I'd crave. I wasn't impressed. I ordered a Moscow Mule, it was really bad. I don't know if it was the ginger beer or if he added something to it that isn't supposed to be in there, not sure how you can mess up this drink. Anyways, we left and went to Joe's to get real Kusshi oysters. I don't see how this place has stayed opened. Maybe they surivive on their crappy hour.
4	Best place for fresh raw oysters in Las Vegas,  They are $1 per oyster during the happy hour (2:45 to 6 pm).  The burger was perfection.  Order it medium rare with a pint of Guinness.
2	The two star rating is mainly a result of price, taste, and portion size. I rarely eat at "high-end" restaurants, so when I do, my expectations are high. I was initially disappointed when I was told that while the Caesar salad dressing is evidently "made fresh," it couldn't be modified to accommodate my request for no anchovies. Fine, I ordered it anyway. When it came out, I was surprised it was such a small portion. It tasted "okay," but I've had better salads for less than half the price. My husband was not impressed with his salad either. For my entree, I got salmon. Again, it was "okay" but not great and lacked flavor. My husband got steak, and it was dry and flavorless; I was shocked about this due to the price. Nearly $100 for 2 salads and 2 entrees (no drinks) was just not worth it. Needless to say, we won't be going back.
3	Excellent service. Adequate food. East coast oysters were excellent. Filet was undercooked and chewy. Onion soup was not cooked long enough. Mashed potatoes were luke warm and bland.  There are many other choices in this category with better executed food. However...as stated, the service was great.
4	My favorite for happy hour oysters and cocktails! Yes, you have to go to the strip but if you are down here for any other reason it is worthwhile!  We come here as locals as a starter for our night.  Happy hour oysters is from 4 till 6, it is their choice not the best ones of the bunch but we have never been disappointed. The oysters are always fresh and smooth in taste we prefer the Briny  (Mild, sweet and salty) tasting oysters.  Always seem to get lucky in getting them here!  The other great thing is happy hour drink specials.  When you come for happy hour you must sit at the bar sometimes you are neglected but the bartenders make the specialty martini or cosmos is my drink of choice and worth the extra money in this spot! This review is purely for the happy hour food and drinks I have yet to taste the main menu!
5	Our waiter was really nice, helpful, and the  oysters were good. Happy hour for oysters is a good deal!
