4	Le Jardin de Panos is yet another very popular "bring your own wine" restaurant on the plateau.Greek menu, I love sitting outside in the garden terrace. There is this huge really old tree in the garden which makes it feel woodsy. The tables are very crowded together, but it is still enjoyable. No smoking even on the terrace.I enjoy the chicken brochette (kabob) which comes with roasted potatoes.We came in about 9:00 and the place was still packed. Our waiter was a bit rushed and pressed us for a fast order. We took out time and enjoyed a very nice meal. Abt. $15pp which included tax and tip.
2	I used to dine at Jardin de Panos frequently but  it's been resting on its laurels and it's gone way downhill in the past years. The place is still packed with lines out the door during peak times but I think that's just the remnants of its reputation. There are other BYOW places that are much better in the Duluth area. Jardin de Panos is not much better now than the generic BYOW Greek places around Prince Arthur that mainly cater to tourists.  To date their decline, they used to have an enormous terrace but apparently they had some noise complaints from neighbors so they had to cover about half of it.  This is the precise moment when the quality of the food went down, the portions shrank, and the prices started climbing.  It's a shame. The old Jardin de Panos was one of the best outdoor eating experiences in the city.
5	The BEST $60 I have ever spent!!!I had read many reviews about Au Pied Du Cochon, across the street, and was prepared to go experience some authentic French cuisine...but then we saw the line in front of Jardin de Panos.  Authentic Greek food at a reasonable price?  We decided to give it a try. For starters, we had the dolmades which were covered in a rich, creamy lemon sauce- Superb!I had the lamb chops for my entree and my boyfriend had the filet mignon.  Both were perfectly cooked to order and delectably seasoned.For dessert, we shared the baklava and galaktoboureko.  Wow, SO rich and SO very good ( not to mention, they were only $2.95 each).Overall, a great experience!
4	Most important thing to know here is: TAKE YOUR OWN WINE. They do not have any wine, or beer, or any sort of alcoholic beverage. So if you don't want to be washing down your amazing Quebecois/Greek cuisine with a diet sprite, buy a nice bottle and carry it with you. Also, the convenience store across the street has vinegar for wine and its dear.Next, there will be a line outside. It took me nearly an hour to get in, in the Montreal winter. Well worth it for a good meal.Right past that little hurdle, the food is amazing. Large hearty portions of whatever you order; I had the lamb and it was fantastic. The bread they serve it with is fresh and fluffy like a pastry, and the salad dressing - complimentary salad - was just the best dressing I've ever tried.So truth is I went here after I got turned away from Au Pied Couchon (across the street), which some people will claim is the best restaurant in Montreal and hence obviously requires reservations six years in advance (and don't try to claim you're from their courteous neighbour in the south, it makes things worse). Fantastic decision in the end.
3	Food it nothing special, bring your own wine is nice, place is cramped and dirty.
4	There was a line out the door, and upon watching the other patrons waiting for a table holding their BYO wares,  I dispatched myself to get a bottle of beer for the appetizers and a bottle of wine for the mains.  Fortunately there was a place nearby.The food did not disappoint.  It was certainly home made and turned out to be great.  I was short on imagination so we did not stray from the typical order of Dolmas, Artichokes, Calimari for starters and then Lamb for mains.  My friends got the Shisk-Kabob which they swear were the best they have had.If you are in Montreal please go, it will not dissapoint.
4	Amidst the many totally average bring your own wine Greek eateries in this city, Jardin de Panos is a different story all together.You dine in rural Greece beneath hanging grapes in the courtyard garden terasse.The menu sticks with traditional Greek dishes, and I wouldn't be surprised if somebody's grandmother was actually in the kitchen preparing them. Beware, in summertime the place gets full and they don't take reservations.
4	Not bad! The chicken brochette seemed to have a Dijon-honey mustard glaze which I found delicious!! The portions are large with each plate being filled with salad and large potato wedges. I'd go again
4	Best Bring your wine Resto out thereThe lentil soup is amazing and the calamari is deliciousThe pikilia plate is awesomeThe plates are huge, I've been there a few times and I'm never disappointed.The Chicken brochette, Shrimps and Scallops are GreatFor Dessert the Tiramisu or the Galaktoboureko are to die forAll in all it's a great place to eat, especially in the summer with their huge outdoor terrace
4	This long-standing family-run establishment is as safe a bet as can be: tasty Greek food at a reasonable price on popular Duluth avenue.
5	Loved their chicken kabob!
4	Yep, I'd agree with "safe bet," based mostly on the ambiance, friendly service, tasty but not moan-worthy pikilias and the general air of contentment among my fine looking table of dining companions. Everyone seemed happy but not overwhelmed-with-deliciousness, if you know what I mean.  Open on Mondays, and a BYO, so you know you start out with some mad love from me, and sitting beneath the starry sky soaking in the last of the warm days does not suck even a little bit.
3	It's BYOW which I like immensely and the patio is freaking huuuuuuge and a half. I shared the platter and it was fairly decent, but nothing to write home about: it's cheap Greek food that does the job and provides a good base before you go rip it up somewhere else. The prices were right, the atmosphere if you can sit outside is fabulous and the staff were super accommodating as our group size kept changing.
4	Very good Greek food.
4	For the price, it's a relly good basic Greek restaurant.  food is fresh and good.  The patio is great in the summer.  i recently went in the winter and it was less busy.  the food was it's usual good quality.  i had the Greek style lamb chops.  the patotoes  could have been a bit more traditional Greek.  i found them a little too dry.
4	With fond memories of summer nights spent on the terrace during our University days, my husband and I decided to introduce our children to Greek cuisine, Montreal style. JdP did not disappoint. Gourmet cuisine, it's not, but there is something to be said for being consistent. The first bight of souvlaki brochette was like a time warp to 15 yrs and 3 kids ago! Yes, the salad is overdressed but remained crunchy, lemony, and tasty, without reaching for the bottle of (Greek) salt on the table. The meat was cooked perfectly , the slices of onion slightly charred, mmm. The potatoes did not quite match the crisp outside I remembered, but oh well, I was quite willing to overlook that small detail on the otherwise delish plate.I would also add that kids are actually very well treated here, although few in number. The kids menu was an outstanding value, and my daughter is now a fan of lentil soup!Overall, not only did it not disappoint, but we made converts of the kids. The BYOW policy keeps it very well priced, and we'll be back during our next Montreal visit. The warm summer night was nothing to sneeze at either, and certainly added to our experience ;-)
4	Short menu, but excellent meats! This restaurant has Mediterranean charm! I like the patio in the middle and the open air in the front dining areas. More than the looks, the best charm is the FOOD! We tried filet mignon, shrimp, chicken and pork shish kabobs- all got thumbs up! The only thing we wished could have been different is if we had known it was BYOW/BYOB.
4	We were seated on the terrace, even though it was pouring. If I am learning one thing about Montreal, it is the dedication to savoring the out of doors in the short window the city has. The terrace is covered and it works 97% well, we still got a few drops. But it was a nice atmosphere regardless. The service was fast and attentive and our waiter answered our questions well. The boyfriend ordered the shish kabob and I ordered the combination filet mignon and shrimp kabob. The meals came quickly and were more plentiful than I expected. They each come with a green salad, the kabob, rice, and potatoes. The meats were delicious on both plates. I was very impressed with the perfect tenderness of the shrimp. My fliet mignon was almost all medium, as I had ordered it, but one of the three pieces was a tough more done, but it did not ruin the flavor. It was so good that I ate until I was uncomfortably full.
4	Great Greek food! Calamari was fabulous! Brochettes couldn't be beat. Wonderful place for the kids as well. And the price was right being able to BYOB. Best of all, the service was out of this world! We were there on a very busy Saturday night and we couldn't have been treated better! Would go back in a second!!!
1	We had eaten a late lunch so we were not that hungry but still wanted to try this place as the reviews were good. Our first hiccup with the service was when we said we wanted to just order one appetizer and one main course between the two of us. The waiter started complaining and being really aggressive about how they have to give us twice as much "free" bread and all. He wanted us each to order at least one main course. After we ordered and we got our dishes he just stood there watching us until we finished. When we had to get the bill he completely ignored us. The food wasn't great either. I have had much better at other Greek places.
4	Just ate at Le Jardin de Panos with my family and I'm a fan.  The host was welcoming and our waiter was charming.  We had the filet mignon and lamb kabobs which were very good but could have used a little more searing. The kids menu was greatly priced (the best I've ever seen!) for the amount and quality of food.  The dessert were very good and the cappuccino was creamy and hot (which in my book is a good thing).  They do not serve liquor but you can go across the street and buy your own beer or wine to go with your meal.All in all it was a fun holiday experience and we look forward to visiting again when we're in town.
4	Wonderful, no frills Greek food. Tried the lamb kebab, chicken kebab, and stuffed grape leaves. Everything was super flavorful and perfectly cooked. Our waiter was incredibly nice; we chatted with him quite a bit about restaurants in Montreal. Would definitely go back!
2	Nice ambience, friendly staff BUT food was disappointing! The fried calamari was served with a wedge of lemon and no sauce! When I requested for some type of sauce/dip the waiter said "what u order is what u get, the chef is very particular on how he serves his food"..... The calamari,rice and salad all lacked flavor and I have no intentions of going back. Pricing def does not do any justice.
3	I'm rating this place a 3.5*Ambience : this is really what makes the place. The terrace is beautiful and left quite natural. It's different to what you normally see. I took a peek at the indoor seating and it seemed to be quaint aswell. Food : nothing to disappoint. Great grilled brochettes. I ordered the filet mignons brochette and really liked it. Their spanakopita recipe is nice too. Their menu really isn't extensive however. Everything delivers and is tasty, but nothing really had a punch to it.Service : expect to wait before being seated, this place is quite popular. However, once seated, you are very well taken care of.Overall: definitely a go-to place.
5	It was great. I highly recommend it. Especially garlic butter and filet mignon are perfect.
2	The food is really good.  Had the lamp chops and they were very good.  My issue with this place is the really bad attitude of the wait staff.  Wow, the waitress didn't crack a smile once.  She barely spoke to us while we were there.  Pretty impressive to take a dinner order without saying more than 5 to 10 words........
