5	Tim is truly amazing at what he does!!  In addition to being prompt he is super friendly and will share a great conversation with you too.  I had two uniquely shaped glass shelves on an antique vanity broken during my move and Tim was able to cut new shelves that fit perfectly.  Tim should be your first choice with any glass work you need done!
5	I'll have to admit, I was a little skeptical about trying a business with only 1 review but I was glad that I did. Tim really is amazing at what he does. I went out on a whim and called him on a Sunday afternoon where nobody else was even open because of my back window that got broken out. Tim was able to get out to me all the way in Henderson in what seemed like no time. He even showed up with boards to board up my busted out window to prevent anyone from getting in. He carefully cleaned up the broken glass and took his measurements, explained to me the whole process and turnaround time to get the replacement glass. I paid only an extra few $ for rush service because I hated the fact my window was broken. I kid you not, I talked to Tim at 3:00 pm on Sunday and he called me within 24 hours telling me my new glass was ready to be installed!! Unbelievable. He showed up on time as promised to install the new glass and was even nice enough to take more time out of his day to fix my shower door that was also on the fritz! The world would be a better place if there were more people like Tim. His prices are reasonable, he's great to deal with and does great work. Keep it up man, I'll be calling you again!
5	Great service! He came boarded my broken window ASAP and got a great price for fixing the window. A master in his profession.
5	Tim came to our home the morning after I called.  He is sharp, prompt and professional.  His glass repair work on our old Asian cabinet is just fantastic... That's my wife's words!  We could not be more happy with Paramount Glass & Mirror!  I will be recommending Tim to all of our family and friends!
