4	Found this place while wandering around Edinburgh waiting for a 2010 movie to start... for 9.99 on a Sunday night I didn't think the price was too bad...The restaurant itself is pretty nice, and the food is halfway decent.  I guess I'm used to Chinese buffets in the States, but some things were just weird... like the imitation crab meat in the sushi... it was horrible.  I also take it they don't have avocados here.  Also, the fried rice was all dry like it had been sitting out a while or was old.They had shrimp chips which was a nice surprise.Staff was nice, no complaints.
4	China China is another of these restaurants sent to try my waistline. Being a student the appeal of all you can eat for a set price is too good to resist.The restaurant is suprisingly nice for a buffet restaurant, although it can get a little cramped when very busy. It always looks shiny and clean so I like to imagine that it is.They offer your standard range of Chinese buffet dishes. There is a random Sushi section which I tried and wasn't very impressed. I'm not 100% sure that having Sushi sitting out for long periods of time is a good idea. I did think there was too many Western dishes on offer. Things like chicken nuggets, hash browns, potato croquettes don't really have a place in a Chinese restaurant in my opinion. The dessert selection was really great and as a dessert queen, this is perhaps where China China won over similar Chinese buffet restaurants in Edinburgh. This restaurant seems to do a lot of groups and parties so ideal if there is a lot of you.
3	This was my first encounter with any all-you-can-eat establishment, and my two outings here have been pretty good.  China China is in the Omni Centre, which also houses a Vue cinema, Wetherspoons, gym and others.  It thus offers plenty of choice for those visiting the centre who want to eat, and it seems to complement the other choices well.Let's be honest at the outset - not all of the food on offer is Chinese.  I'm sure I saw a curry or two, chicken nuggets, chips and waffles thrown into the mix as well.  The food is satisfying, if not amazingly tasty.  I guess this comes from having the food sat out for a while.  At my last visit, dessert was where the night really came together, and I consumed something like 12 pieces of cheesecake (an all-time favourite dessert for me).I would say that the prices are reasonable for the food that is on offer.  There is a small bar, but I find that it is best at these places to just get tap water, to add as little to the fixed price of the buffet as possible.  The interior is contemporary, if a little clinical, in style - but this won't  bother most diners, who will be focused on consuming quantities of food.  The few staff that I did see kept the food stocks high throughout the evening, but to be honest they played little role in creating the experience.With China China, you get what you pay for - an all-you-can-eat buffet, and not much else.
