3	I have eaten at this location a few times and the food was good (oysters & shrimp poppers yum, yum!), the service was fine and the beer was cold - what more can you ask for?
4	Been here when it was Vinnie's, but finally got around to coming back to try it under its new name:  Finz.  Parking is sort of a nightmare depending on what night you go on.  This particular night, it wasn't so much busy, it's just that the people the parked before did not make an effort to stay in their spaces.  In a tight parking lot, this is detrimental.  We did manage to find a space.Upon walking in, we were warmly greeted and seated right away.  They were having trivia on a Tuesday night.  It was almost halfway in so we figured it had started pretty early (7 or 7:30).I honestly couldn't remember what the Vinnie's dining room setup looked like, but the current Finz set up was cozy and casual.  The menu was pretty extensive - took a while to read through, but had lots of options.  You can get anything from a decently priced sandwich to a sizable seafood dinner (with items at market prices).There was a yelp check-in special where we got 6 free wings.  Our waitress was super nice and gave them to us... a little while later, the manager wanted to see my phone, but no problems.It was Shrimp night on Tuesdays so I got a basket.  They were breaded nicely and not too greasy.... they came with a tartar dipping sauce and I chose a baked potato as my side.  I was pretty satisfied with my meal and would come back to order it again.  The wings we got were good - decided to try the parmesan garlic wings.  Light on the sauce (in a good way) they proved to be tasty - I'm sure the other flavors probably would have had more kick to them, but they were cooked nicely.Overall, Finz gets a solid 4 from me.  Matthews is lucky to have a place like this that is centrally located and easy to get to.
4	My wife and I have been here allot. Finz is one of those places that you will either love or hate. We are those that LOVE Finz. We have learned what to order and not to order so it makes it easy for us when we go. The cook made a chili that they don't always make nor have on the menu but it was very, very good and wish it was an item that would be permanent. The Cheese Burger is also a really good choice. The fries are one of the best things there as well as their fried pickles with the ranch dressing. Our fav is their chicken tenders which we ask that they toss them in the cajun seasoning and we dip them in their ranch dressing. Man are they tasty. The beer selection is o.k. but we wish they had more room for more taps so maybe they could get a broader selection of the local craft brews. But all in all, Finz is a happening place with live bands some nights and a decent amount of TV's hanging everywhere for the game.
2	Cute place with nice outdoor patio, little chilly for use though.  Inside is clean.  Your local kinda place were you can have a good time.  Service was great, our waitress did a great job.  Had the wings and oysters which were huge .  To bad they tried to steal my friends iPhone she left m the table.
4	I had the crab legs. They were great! The service was also excellent.
2	Although the service was excellent, my family and I were very disappointed by the availability of items on the menu. We called ahead to make sure that they had oysters, but were told that they were out about five minutes after we had placed our order. Shortly after, we were informed that they were also out of the seafood pasta dish which two of the people in our party had ordered. I can't understand why a restaurant with "raw bar" in it's name would be so nonchalant about running out of oysters. Very disappointing. The food wasn't impressive enough to make us give it another try.
2	I recently decided to try this restaurant because I drive by it everyday to work. I love seafood and the name made me think, "fresh and yummy." The place was very friendly and kinda the local bar hang out restaurant, which was fine.  I really was not in the mood for oldies rock, or any loud rock music while I am eating lunch in the middle of the day during the workweek.  It just made it difficult to talk with the person I was eating with, which was a deterrent to go there as a lunch location. I liked the offerings and the prices were reasonable, however I was disappointed that a restaurant with the name of "Raw" did not seem to offer much raw or "Grill." The atmosphere was great for "partying." However, for the age group it attracts (over 30) do they want to "party" every time they go to a bar or restaurant? Will I give it another go? Maybe...try it one more time. I was disappointed because it has so much potential and I want to love the place. At least turn down the music during lunch. Just an idea. The fish tacos were not that great.
4	The food here can be iffy at times, but generally can't go wrong with the crab legs. Standard bar fare is also consistent. Had oysters on the half shell once and they were old, but thats my only negative experience. The wait staff is always cordial and attentive.
4	Went in on a Monday night and had the crab leg special.  It was good and the server was very nice.  The Mac and cheese was good.  I would come back and try something else on the menu.
4	I read all the reviews after my girlfriends decided to drag me out to see a Band last night. The place was not packed so parking wasn't an issue (we got there around  8:30pm but it was Good Friday after all). No meat so we he had the veggie platter with hummus, coconut shrimp with spicy orange dipping sauce, fried calamari with an asian chili type sauce, crab meat stuffed mushrooms. I have to say the food was excellent! Portions split amongst us were perfect, this is not your typical bar food. In fact, if you've ever been to Bonfire in Monroe while its a lot bigger - the food here at Finz is head and shoulders above them, and I know my food at every level :)  Bonfire I'd pass on sorry. Bathrooms are very clean, the bar itself and tables are as well, and the Waitress we had was a sweetheart! Loved her, very attentive. The prices were perfect! Nothing broke the bank, which is why we were able to get a bunch of appetizers and sample a nice variety of picky foods! Great menu!Saw kids leaving around 9pm with parents so there are high tables to eat at. I know you can book parties there, they apparently have two tonight per the waitress. I'd absolutely consider it for a party esp. with bands like Smiling Dogs or SugarSmax. All in All, if you want a nice night out with friends, able to see and hear a band from anywhere in the bar (by the way they were not so loud that you left with a headache like Skinnyz). Apparently they have an outdoors area that we will definitely be back this summer to try out. LOVED the band, hope to see another tonight, you can't beat free as in no cover charge (please don't change that!) and close to home. I think we'll try the burgers tonight to see how other items on the menu are but kudos to the chef there. The salads that walked by looked awesome too. *Note: we wanted the Caprese Skewers but they were out of Mootz :( and I saw someone walk by with a pizza that looked just a littttttle too dark, but still give them four stars, we are fans and will be back. You have a winning mix there, don't change anything!
2	My wife thought of a great idea to grab some carb legs for my birthday so she found Finz. Upon arriving we knew it was an old Vinnie's which at times could be sketch. Upon entering you could tell this was not a normal restaurant because of the seating set up, not really a separation between the bar and the dinner tables.We were greeted as we entered and led to a table of our choice. Waitress was great and was pretty attentive. The food was good, definitely worth the prices which are decent. I ordered the Crab Legs my wife got the Steam Pot, My Step Father got the Peel & Eat Shrimp and my mother got the Shrimp and Scallop Pasta. All dishes were great except the Shrimp and Scallops were a little over cooked but the Pasta sauce was great. Now the bad, shortly after arriving and enjoying our Spicy Honey Shrimp App (Not SO Honey) there was an altercation between the Lady working the bar and a So Called Patron that apparently spends 8K a year there, ha ha.  The young lady decided to curse loudly at the man and hit him with her purse as he tried to defend himself and get very loud. There were kids there and this was around 7:30 which is normal for a Friday night dinner. After the families cleared out and the night went on the patrons who were regulars began to conversate about the incident with major profanity laced statements. As a first timer I could not believe their was a manager there to handle the incident and take care of the language as folks were enjoying dinner. Better management is needed. I agree with other folks the food is good but the regulars are not so welcoming. Unfortunately you cannot pick your customers but customers can pick their place to eat. I suggest if you are a family stick to weekdays maybe but FINZ is not a Grill more of an bar with good food. I will say that our waitress did apologize for the actions of the bar tender  but other than that nothing was done to cater to the guest who were trying to enjoy dinner.
1	0
1	My girlfriend and I went to Finz around 7:30 last Wednesday night. After sitting for about 15 minutes, a server finally showed up. After another 10 minutes of talking to a coworker right in front of us, she finally returned with our drink order. When our food finally showed up, it was nothing great. The fried pickle appetizer was soggy and the steam pot was full of chewy over cooked fish. After telling the waitress about our problems, nothing was done about the bill. I paid it and will never be going back. I had heard that the owner was the half-brother of the owner of one of my favorite local hangouts, Kristopher's, which I frequent almost weekly for over 10 years. The place is a landmark! And it has the most consistently delicious food I have ever had, especially for a sports bar. I figured if Kristopher's could do it well the whole family would be up to par and at least run a similar venue. I guess they need to sit down and share a few pointers!
1	Discontinued "All you can eat" crab legs on Mon nights.Didn't know until we arrived. We adapted.Ordered 16 oz rib eye. Medium.Got to the table extremely rare, and cool temp.Daughters burger was nice. Her fries arrived 10 mins after the burger,about the time I sent the steak back, with a request they keep it. The kitchen can't really handle cooking.Waitress was really nice. apologized for the kitchen several times.But she was not trained. We located and got our own silverware. She didn't have a clue to her own epic fail.Never offered to refill a drink. Didn't know what many "shot drinks" were.We'll never go back. It's bad bar food, trying to charge restaurant prices. Kitchen can't even make a steak.If you want to go to a bar with good tunes, go. BUT, eat dinner at home!
4	Sundays all drafts are $2.50 and wings are 45 cent. Great deal!! Nice open patio also.
4	Great place. Good food, and friendly staff. Definitely try the fried pickles. I came here two nights in a row and had the fried oyster and steak with shrimp. Both dishes were delicious and came out promptly.
4	It has been tough for me to find quality food in Charlotte.  My reviews are all about the quality of the food.  I could care less about service and setting when writing my reviews, and no restaurant earns stars for those areas unless they're exceptional.  That being said, the wife and I went here with our baby boy shortly after buying our house in Matthews.  The food here is good.  I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu, which is a rarity for Charlotte.  The sides were excellent.  I had bacon topped mac & cheese and my wife had beer battered fries (hard to find down here).  They were excellent.  Bozena got crab legs, and they were a great size and what a large quantity for the price.  I had ribs.  They were fall off the bone.  I prefer dry rubbed with sauce added afterwards, but I must say, these were still tasty, and I think they were either made in a smoker or put on the grill at the end.  Either way, tasty.  Fridays and Saturdays there are some specials worth while.  We ate outside.  This is a bar/pub environment.  Dress casual.  There are lots of pleasant people having a good time, we struck up a few conversations.  It reminds me of eating on the boardwalk back in NY.  The prices are super cheap; in my opinion.  I think Charlotte has a low standard for food taste quality, and a lot of places charge $20+ for a plate, when the food is terrible, but the ambiance is high end.  I would rather pay $50 a plate in a dive with good food, than $30 in a plate for terrible food in a restaurant where I can wear a suit and my wife a cocktail dress.  Food matters, don't overcharge me for your tablecloth if your food sucks.  I say this because I will take Finz over most restaurants in Charlotte.  Finz is unsuspecting because they serve good tasting food in a casual environment.  If you want a trusty meal, give this place a shot.
5	The food & service were so good! I can't get over how fresh everything was. I ordered the surf & turf special with shrimp scampi. The scampi rivaled that of Red Lobster. My husband ordered the seafood steam pot. So much fresh seafood & corn with potatoes. Everything remained hot until he finished. Even the house salad was fresh & time was taken to actually arrange every piece. We ordered the spinach & artichoke dip for an appetizer. Omg! I can't rave enough!
4	Just had an awesome burger for $5 and service was quick and friendly- definitely coming back - good selection of beer and lots of TVs. The waitress was definitely a plus. Good live music on the weekends too. The food was much better than what I expected.Went with my wife and daughter and we were all pleased with our main course and my wife ordered the chicken pot pie that was delicious.
4	Finz is a pretty decent place to go and get dinner and some drinks. I have never been here late at night for the bar scene, so this is just based on my dinner experience. We sat on the patio which was nice and had a small tiki bar. You can smoke on the patio. The crab and shrimp dip was meh. I would not order that again. I came here originally because it was called a raw bar and I wanted oysters. I ended up with the fried oysters. They were absolutely delicious! My boyfriend got the two chili dogs and they were great as well. I will definitely be back to Finz soon!
3	We tried Finz on impulse.  It was pretty good!  We had the Cajun Shrimp Steam Pot which was huge, I am glad we shared it between two people because it was a lot of food, the shrimp are huuuuuge.  We also had a tuna appetizer that I am not sure if it was on special or on the menu, but it was really good.  The mac and cheese was a little chewy, not great.  We got to pick our seats, we tried outside but the amount of smokers out there was terrible.  They should make the restaurant non-smoking in this day and age.  It is a dive-like bar atmosphere though so perhaps that's why they allow smoking like that.  Our waitress was very kind and service was prompt.  Come casual, it looks fancier on the outside than it is on the inside.  The prices are a bit high for the experience.
1	First time we went, we loved the food. This time, wings weren't that great. Normally, I'd still give them 3-4 stars, waitstaff was nice. But the clientele on the porch was the drunkest, most vulgar group of guys I've ever had the displeasure of hearing. The female waitstaff was scared off, and deservedly so. There is bar talk, and their is vulgar despicable disgusting talk about women. Even my husband was so disgusted that he left more than a dozen wings behind. We got up early, asked to pay our bill inside, and told the female waitstaff they should have a male coworker escort them out. Nothing happened. We even called and let the manager know about what her waitresses were subjected to, and she didn't seem to care much. As long as filth like that is allowed there, we will be spending our dollars elsewhere. Shame.
1	It took 30 minutes for our fried pickles and almost an hour for burger and wings. The only excuse the waitress offered is that we came in the middle of a kitchen shift change. Our drinks sat empty for 10+ minutes several times.  Will not be back.
