4	Yes it is a chain but not everyone in the world is familiar with the Bob Evans experience. In a world of random Waffle Houses and inconsistent IHOP's Bob is a beacon in the night. Biscuits are very good and service is always with a smile. I think their strong suit is their breakfasts but my hubby did like his burger last time and couldn't finish it. Their whole wheat pancakes were shockingly good and who can resist their biscuit bowls...basically breakfast in a bowl shaped and sized biscuit. Went here for my birthday breakfast (yes I am that kind of person who celebrates her birthday all day) and they sang happy birthday to me and gave me a cinnamon bun with a candle in it since it was morning. And it was very very very good. Bob doesn't reinvent the wheel but always a solid meal. Enjoy!
3	Not the best breakfast I've ever had, and certainly not the best service...but the food was hot, prepared like we asked and reasonably priced.We stopped on the way out of town for a day trip and I had french toast and eggs and he had a sampler platter that had lots of options...both were good and nice portion sizes.Not a huge fan of chains for breakfast, but this one will do in a pinch.  Clean restaurant, nice location and friendly staff.
4	Not that Bob Evans isn't a chain - but I have eaten at this Bob Evans a number of times, the service is always great and the food is very good...tonight was no exception - and they have added some great new items to their menu...
2	I really hate that I couldn't have been able to come on here and just rave about our meal at Bob Evans but it would have been true. We had breakfast and the food was cold and the gravy and grits tasted like the chlorine water that they were made with. You could also taste it in the dry biscuits that we were served. The best thing about the whole experience was the hot coffee and the nice waitress that kept our cups filled and offered to-go cups. That was worth the two stars.
5	Good food, good service!
2	My family and I had breakfast there and it was ok.  The food was not very hot because it was served on cold plates.  The pancakes did not taste like they were homemade.  My coffee was hot.  The service was ok but could have been better.  Overall if this was not so close to our hotel I don't think I would go back.
2	Ssslllooowww service, from the nearly ten minute wait at the hostess stand to the five minutes waiting at the table for our waitress to take our order to another ten minutes to pay the check. The only thing that wasn't slow was the food - once we placed our order, it was brought out very quickly.The food was good. Consistent with my Bob Evans experience. Hot, plenty of it and flavorful. I like their turkey dinner, which comes with a good size portion of turkey, stuffing and mashed potatoes. Maybe not enough cranberry, but I love good cranberry sauce. Sausage gravy (my wife was in a breakfast mood) had a good amount sausage in it.Perhaps they were just having an off night.
2	While I do love their Heritage Chef Salad, I have to give this two stars. It would probably be more accurate at 1.5 but I'll round up. The service at this location is terrible, I rarely stiff a waitress but this is the third time we've been here and had bad service. No one pays attention to the customers and all the employees hoard around the take out station and talk. My husband ordered the chicken pot pie and watched it sit under the heat lamp for over eight minutes. There were almost no customers, only two more tables there and more than enough free staff to run food. By the time we got our food the pot pie was dried out and gross. I'm not sure why it sat up there as all I ordered was a salad. I used to love Bob Evans but this location we won't be going back to.
4	Service and food were good, as expected.  Our experience was very pleasant from the time we walked in the door to the time we walked out.  Our breakfast was very satisfying and the price was great for what we got.  This place is kid friendly, which is a huge plus.  We'll definitely be back!
3	***Bob Evans is in the style and price range of Denny's and IHOP though Bob Evans serves a better breakfast than those two restaurant chains; some of the food on this visit was not at the optimal temperature though***Bob Evans is a very popular family restaurant in the Midwest (they also have several locations in the South like this one in a rural part of Charlotte).  Bob Evans is like a countrified Denny's or IHOP.  Bob Evans is most popular for breakfast, which is available all day.  Their signature breakfast item is their sausage gravy and biscuits.  Their sausage gravy is creamy and filled with sausage.  It is surprisingly spicy--at least when compared to the many gravy and biscuits places out there serving bland white milk gravy with biscuits. The sausage gravy at this location definitely delivered the flavor of this popular item at Bob Evans; unfortunately, the sausage gravy could have been a little hotter.  The buttermilk biscuits were similar in quality to what you would get at other Bob Evans locations.  Bob Evans' biscuits have a crunchy top, but they tend to be a tad on the dry side; the sausage gravy helps though. I also had their scrambled eggs, which were fine, and their crispy shredded hash browns that were topped with cheese, scallions and bacon.  Their sausage links were good and better than what you get at most chain restaurants or with hotel breakfasts.  While I liked the sausages here, I enjoyed them more when Bob Evans was a smaller chain. The French toast was below average.  It was not as sweet as it should have been and had a dense, undesirable center. Service was extremely friendly and fitting with the service you get at most Bob Evans locations. Prices were very reasonable.  There were several low-cost options and their bigger breakfast combinations were not too expensive and featured generous portions. The dining room here was simple but comfortable.  This Bob Evans also has a counter where you can buy packaged treats/items and Bob Evans syrups, pancake mix and such. This Bob Evans is an okay breakfast spot in the rural area outside of Downtown Charlotte.  If you head to Downtown Charlotte though, I am sure that you will find much better, more creative and more local breakfast spots. This Bob Evans has its own free parking lot.  It is easy finding an open space.
2	My breakfast here was pretty good.  Nothing spectacular but decent for what you might expect from a chain restaurant.  They appear short staffed.  One woman was hostess, server and cashier for the entire place.  One guy in the kitchen.  The speed of service and quality of the food weren't an issue.  The issue was the way the staff handles being short staffed.  No professionalism.  The server repeatedly complained to various customers about how she was so far behind and so busy because the manager apparently didn't show up to work.  I could hear her "sigh" loudly throughout the restaurant throughout my entire stay and could overhear her and the other employee complaining to each other about work.   I get it.  Boss flakes out and you start the day digging out of a hole.  We all face rough days at work.  The key is that the customer is not where the employee gets to vent frustration!   The customer wants an enjoyable dining experience without seeing and feeling tension and frustration of others.   I don't blame the server as much as I blame poor management.  Lack of support and training from a reliable leader is the downfall today.  This won't keep me from going to all Bob Evans restaurants. .. just THIS one.
