2	I like Pei Wei. I really do. There is one by my house that I visit regularly. I find them tasty, quick and affordable. As a frequent traveler, seeing one at an airport was a nice break from the standard eats - mediocre burger chains and overpriced sit-down establishments. Or so I thought. First, the place has no noodle dishes. Zero, zip, zilch. Strike one. Their kitchen really isn't that much smaller than a standard Pei Wei. Is it really too hard to have noodle making capabilities? What they do have is fairly limited. A few dishes without, it would seem, the ability to customize much. Kung Pao Chicken? Sure! Kung Pao Beef? No way. This obviously screams pre-made.I did have said KP Chicken, which was oily as all heck. Like seriously...the Saudi guy next to me had never seen so much oil. Yes that's a joke. A bad one. Get over it. In addition, I ordered it extra spicy, which meant I was given a container of barely spicy sauce. Sign two for pre-made mediocrity.The meal did the trick and was fairly priced for airport food. Two people could easily split it and be fairly full if they weren't treating it as a big meal. However, I'd rather have the burger chain or overpriced sit down place. At least I'd get a product vaguely reflecting what I'm used to.
3	Came here to grab brunch before our flight. The options are limited to rice dishes and salad wrap (which seems popular with the older ladies). I however opted for the breakfast fried rice which includes sausages, bacon, sautee cherry tomato and your basic fried rice faire. Its fairly decent size and quite good. Its not authentic and the rice seems a tad soft but overall it really hit the spot for me. Very satisfying without being too filling. I would recommend this as a great place to eat something warm and no nonsense before the long flight.
1	Just brutal.  Look: I was at a chain "Asian" restaurant in an airport that has never had good food.  I certainly didn't go in expecting great food.  But I did expect Panda Express level food -- a fast food chain that will deliver me what I'm looking for at that moment.  This was just plain terrible.  I expected greasy; that's part of the genre known as "Cheap Chinese".  But I wasn't expecting dripping with grease, including the brown rice.  I was expecting sweet; also part of the genre.  But I expected some flavor with my sugar bomb, especially since I ordered the dish that was called "spicy".  They claim they make everything fresh, but I was really hungry, I like this type of food, and I would have cleaned every bite from a Styrofoam container of Panda Express... I barely finished half of this order, and got on the plane still hungry.
2	We were hungry while waiting for our flight so we decided to give Pwi Wei a try. We ordered the Mandarin Kung Pao Chicken and Mongolian Steak. The food is extremely salty and greasy.  The only good thing about this place is it's made-to-order so you know the food the food hasn't been sitting there for hours.
3	Exactly what you'd expect from an Asian restaurant at an airport--overpriced and not super flavorful. But they get an extra point for including tons of veggies in their veggie fried rice. The woman also told me the fried rice sauce had meat in it, so she made it with teriyaki sauce which was pretty cool. It still tasted pretty bland though.
5	I had theMongolian beef w/brown rice. Just the right mix of marinated goodness withsweet green onion. The brown rice is pushed to the side just in case you are taking it to your plane for a bite later. The vegetable spring rolls with sweet and spicy dip pin'  sauce were good as well. AND, their fortune cookies are the GOOD ones!All and all this was one of the better "fast bite" airport dishes I've enjoyed!
3	3 stars:Stopped by the airport for a two-hour layover and my friends and I were hungry...the past weekend we had eaten primarily American food, so we were craving Asian food.  Well, Pei Wei Asian diner is the only "Asian" option at the airport.Ordered the Kung Pao Chicken and the total cost was about $10...expensive, especially since the portion is small.  There were a lot of customers there too, and although there are many chefs, it took awhile to get the food out.However...upon my first bite, I was in trouble.  Peanuts.  I am severely allergic to peanuts, so I accidentally nibbled on a peanut (I was very hungry...didn't look).  I rushed back to the counter and checked the menu to see if they had listed peanuts in the description.  There was no indication of peanuts.  As someone who has a severe peanut allergy, I found this to be disturbing, because there many other people who have more severe peanut allergies, so it could have been much worse.You may be wondering, "Why then are you giving Pei Wei a 3 star rating?"  When I brought my food back and told them I couldn't eat the Kung Pao chicken (and told them that it wasn't indicated in the menu description), the manager said no problem to getting me another order of a different menu item without peanuts.  I really respect the fact they gave me another order, no extra charge.
3	Pros:I'd come here again for the music. Daft Punk, Zero 7, Ellie Goulding, Kings of Leon, etc.The staff was courteous and the food was good. Cons:Limited menu.Prices are about 30% higher than a non-airport PW. Seating is cramped. No ice water.
1	The food here is decent but one of the staff members was rude the entire time. She was would give snappy comments to my friends and I and complain about every little thing we were doing. We moved two table together so our small group could sit together and she made it seem like it was the worst thing to do in a restaurant. Her manner was uncalled for. We weren't be rude or loud or obnoxious. Most of us were actually on the computer doing school work while we ate but because we were the only group in there we were treated very poorly. Won't be going here again next flight in Vegas.
1	If I could give it zero stars I would.Very limited menu and of course expensive for it being in an airport, there are better snack options and other places to eat.The staff members are alright except for one. The one at the cashier station is beyond possessive of the floor and what not. telling people they're not allowed to move chairs to accommodate a larger group. the tables only seat 1-4 people (very cramped seating area), and we have 6 people with a lot of luggage and naturally we moved one table and two chairs together, but the cashier lady acted like we moved the entire seating area.I know that its an airport restaurant and it was pay up front before sitting down, and I didn't expect good customer service like a real sit down restaurant but I didn't expect unfriendly staff members and very rude comments.
4	Really surprised by the low reviews for this  spot. Pros:It's not your typical crapola airport spot. It's not that much over regular Pei Wei prices (everyone airport spot raises prices by 10-20%...travel even fairly regularly and you should expect this)You don't have to question the meat source like at McDonalds or worse.Food actually tastes good.  Meat looks like meat, veggies look like veggies.Well packaged and plenty of napkins provided.Cons:It's not $4.It's not as fast as a shitty fast-food burger.There isn't adequate waiting space for people, so you feel super awkward and like you're in everyone's way while waiting for your grub.Wash:Super salt bomb...3x your daily recommended allotment but good to prompt you to replenish your body's non-alcohol fluid balance.Honestly, I think the low reviews are because everyone is hung the F over and cranky as shit.
1	Ugh?! I understand why airport food has a bad reputation, but Pei Wei makes McDonald's sound gourmet. I had an hour layover and wanted some lunch. There was a huge line outside Pei Wei and so I thought how could I go wrong? I had the Mongolian beef with brown rice, while my friend had the kung pao chicken with brown rice. We also shared an order of pork egg rolls...The food was beyond a disappointment. Everything was extremely over salted; I literally felt as though I was eating spoonfuls of salt. I seriously could not get myself to eat more than several bites, because I was sooo incredibly thirsty. It really makes me wonder why so many people were waiting in line, yuck!
2	When I lived in Tucson, I'd go to Pei Wei on the regular.  Loved the chopped chicken salads.  I was flying back from Tucson, bummed that I wasn't able to stop into Pei Wei while I was there. During my layover in Vegas, I about fell over when I saw the Pei Wei in the airport.  YES!!! I could get my beloved salad after all!Super bummed that it was an extremely abbreviated menu; my favorite salad was grab-and-go only, and they were out.  They couldn't make another one.  Bummmmmmmer.  I ordered teriyaki chicken, and was very disappointed.  It didn't taste like teriyaki at all, but it didn't taste like anything else on the menu, so I was left wondering exactly what it was........but I didn't have time before my flight boarded to investigate further or get something else. If you're a Pei Wei fan, pass on this airport location.
2	Food too salty, lack of seating space, airport alarm frequently goes off
2	The food is just ok.  A little overpriced for what you get.I ordered a Mongolian Chicken, but got a Mongolian Beef instead.  The receipt clearly states chicken on the receipt (as photographed).People are paying good money for the food and the place is crowded, yet they didn't turn on the AC.  I was sweating just waiting for my food.While I was there, I didn't see them wipe any tables.  Just customers go, customer sits down.The top it off, looks like the manager didn't even bother perfecting the receipt.  there's a line that says "Enter Website Here" on the 4th line of the receipt.  Manager that cares about details is essential to a business' success.  I guess this one lives off of people that crave chinese food before they fly
4	When traveling, you usually know what you are going to get.  Moderately okay food at rediculously high prices.  Well at Pei Wei, you will get pretty dang good for rediculously high prices.  We got the Pei Wei (say pee wee, the lady at the counter is less than thrilled with that little bit of fun) spicy chicken and the Fried Rice Beef.  The chicken wasnt very spicy but it was good.  Served with steamed brown rice, this was actually enough for both of us without another meal.  The rice was also good and the portion was plenty.If this wasn't in an airport, I'd give it 5 stars.  Add some seating and lower the price and I'm never going anywhere in the Vegas airport.
2	It's okay. it was very salty.
3	Isn't Vegas one of those places that never sleeps? Well, at the airport, most of the shops were closed by 9pm...on a Friday? Ok fine. Japanese teriyaki with chicken was what I ate. It was not bad. I kinda liked it. The veggies seemed good. The white rice was good. The chicken was good too. The sauce was pretty good too. Maybe I was starving after a 5 hour flight, but I thought it was pretty good. It wasn't fast though, rather it was made to order with semi prepared ingredients. Based on the options I saw when I was there, I'd probably eat this meal again.
5	This is as good as it gets when you're at McCarran airport. Yes its pricey ($10 for a main, $4 for a bottle of water), and yes its Chinese food suited for American tastebuds (meats lathered in sweetness), but its way better than the other dining options in the terminal. This place might only deserve 2 to 3 stars as compared to food on the vegas strip, but in the airport it reigns supreme.I had an hour before my flight out and was so sick of burgers. Had the caramel chicken at Pei Wei and it was fantastic, really hit the spot.By the way, Pei Wei is by P.F. Chang's, so its not like some rando panda express.
3	Better than Panda, we had the caramel chicken, spicy and good, but the chicken was a bit dry, brown rice was good.  Not bad for airport food
3	Descent Asian Food.  Not Authentic but it's acceptable considering it is at the airport.  Kung Pao chicken is a bit salty.  The chicken was breaded and it seemed it was the breading that caused it to be salty.  The steak fried rice was pretty good just a tad bit oily.  The service was great.  The lady who took our order was very friendly.
2	I love Pei Wei and couldn't resist eating here after my flight since the two close to my home recently changed. Decided to try their new Mandarin Kung Pao - bad decision. It was pure salt!  Hardly any chicken in the fried batter, no mandarin flavor what so ever, and did I mention, SALTY!!  The two people beside me ordered the Mongolian steak and spicy chicken - I became jealous quick!
3	Got the spicy chicken while waiting for my flight. What attracted me to this place is that you could see them cooking up the food, since its an open kitchen.  Also the chefs were Asian as well. The chicken is lightly fried and has a spicy sweet and sour sauce.I also upgrade my rice to fried for an extra $1.  They can pack it up to go so you can make the people on the Southwest flight jealous too! I hope this helps!
1	I had the Japanese teriyaki chicken. Just God awful. Chicken was not well cooked and tough as a shoe, vegetables undercooked as well.  I have been to Pei Wei several times, but this one was just nasty. Next time i'll stick to pretzels.  Judging from other reviews, food quality is definitely a problem.
2	We made a special request, so maybe we put them out of their element, but I didn't particularly like the dish we got. My girlfriend and I weren't hungry enough to have our own dish so we decided to share one. She's vegetarian so we asked for the Beef Fried Rice with the beef on the side. The rice was good but the beef mostly tasteless. Didn't taste seasoned at all. I wonder if that has anything to do with our special request? Or if they rely solely on the rice providing the flavor? I would hope that they also season their meat too.Eh, OK place.
5	Received a prompt reply and apology from corporate, along with vouchers for a free meal.  I will use these at the Chicago location I have frequented, and which has always served great food and provided great service.  I appreciate the way they quickly addressed my experience.  **5 Stars applies to Corporate's response.**
1	GrrrrrrrrrrrrBacon Fried rice with eggI know.... Ain't close to Hawaii or even loft but dude!!!!!!  Can you use dry rice instead of wet par cooked rice.... If I wanted rice porridge or congee.... I woulda drove to Chinatown .....$12 plus tax with a diet coke bottle......Serves me right.....  I know better , but I didn't listen to my brain .....  Just god awful.....
4	So I can't believe I'm giving this place 4 stars but the items I ordered really hit the spot. I ordered the chicken lettuce wraps and the pork egg roll. They kind of blew away my expectations. I would order them again. Better than expected for airport Asian food. :-)
1	My bf told me last time we were in Vegas we came to eat before our flight.. but I just couldn't remember.. No excuse here, I don't remember because the food was probably not that special.We ordered Japanese teriyaki chicken and spring roll. The chicken tastes like fried chicken breast with a sugar glaze. We did not even finish the whole thing. Every bite is like a candy.It is the only Asian restaurant tho.
4	So I can't believe I'm giving this place 4 stars but the items I ordered really hit the spot. I ordered the chicken lettuce wraps and the pork egg roll. They kind of blew away my expectations. I would order them again. Better than expected for airport Asian food. :-)
4	I knew when I landed in Housto it'd be too late to get decent food and likely too sketchy (flying into Hobby at midnight isn't a place you'd wanna hang out) anyways, the line to order moved quickly. Most of the employees looked miserable but thats pretty normal for Monday. My food was brough to me quickly. The resturant had a relaxing vibe.
4	Having to leave Vegas after only two short nights is bad enough, but being in a terminal with not a lot of food choices when you're getting ready to be on a plane for five hours makes it even worse.      But just when I thought my last Vegas meal was going to be some boring traditional egg thing,  we spotted Pei Wei, and could it BE?  Yes, non-traditional breakfast!  Even regular menu if we wanted it.  Score!     We plopped down at the bar for some nice hydrating iced tea to go along with our breakfast choices:  breakfast sandwich for Husband, and Breakfast Fried Rice for me.  Oddly enough, my rice dish came with a couple chunks of fried hash brown type things, which I gladly tossed to Husband.  I had enough carbs to contend with.  I tell ya, loved that fried rice!  It was full of all kinds of delicious morsels, like bacon and sausage and veggies including bean sprouts.  This was seriously good and I never ever want to know how many calories were in it!  Now that we had our proper breakfast, it was time for a proper pre-flight dessert.  Glass of chardonnay for me, and Makers neat for Husband.      All topped off with excellent service from a friendly Bartender.
2	Staff at 3:28pm dec 19 could not tell me the calories in a chicken lettuce wrap and said that there was no manager.   Food good.  Asked another employee, who did get "the manager" who listened patiently to my training suggestion, and got busy printing out a recently updated nutritional value chart. It revealed that the chicken lettuce wrap entree w/o sauce is 670 calories.   The Thai Won Ton soup is 170 calories.
1	I normally have good experiences at Pei Wei but this location in McCarron Airport was horrible.  Ordered the Lo Mein Noodles with Chicken.  The noodles were rubbery and not cooked properly.  The chicken was good but let's face it, it's a noodle dish and they should be the star.  Not so here.  Very disappointing.
3	Janice, the bartender, makes the bar at this diner much more exciting than the rest of the seemingly gloomy restaurant. Her energy kept the customers with a smile on their face. If you're not here with children, sit at the bar because everyone else in the rest of the restaurant didn't seem so cheery.The debbie downer was that a mimosa cost $16. My credit card wasn't happy. The pork egg roll was good but I wasn't sure if it was worth nearly $3.
1	The restarant has an overall comfortable feel to it. The bartenders were both very nice. The mimosa I got was $15.80! What!? I realize that this is the airport but come on!Also because it was 8:15 am decided to get the bacon and egg fried rice. Huge mistake! Tasted like the cook added about 3 tablespoons of black pepper to the dish. Tasted mostly like soy sauce infused rice with scrambled eggs, onion, and undercooked bacon with a TON of black pepper. And it was $8.50! Sorry Pei Wei Asian Diner...I'll remember to steer clear of you in the future!
4	Woah... this place is a wake up call when it comes to traditional airport grub.  I stopped by for egg & meat fried rice.  It was an enormous dish and really good.
1	Overpriced I expected, lousy I did not. Silly me.Tried the sesame breakfast croissant with bacon, egg and cheese. Regrettable and I would return it if I didn't have to hustle. First off it was not sesame (they told me after it came that they were out), secondly I took it back because it had no bacon (they dissected the sandwich to point out that there was bacon it was just so small I missed it under the crap-ton of sauce the drowned the thing in) and thirdly, the egg was way over cooked and had burnt crunchy portions, yuk...ended up throwing most if it out.Skip it.
3	I've been dying to try Pei Wei, but there normally just isn't one close to me. When we had 15 minutes before our flight was boarding, I somehow still convinced the husband we could swing it. When we were up, I asked the cashier how long it would take for a honey shrimp. I was happy that she took the time to ask the manager just to be sure.. and she told us 10 minutes. We paid extra for the fried rice and planned to split the entree between us. 10 minutes for our order to be up was spot on! Super happy for the quick turnaround and they even put plenty of napkins and enough silverware in the bag. Score. Now we get to be those jerks on the plane with the delicious smelling food. Ha! The honey shrimp was SO good. It has been awhile since I've been to a P.F. Chang's, but I would only order the crispy honey shrimp there and this was, I believe, the exact same (they are owned by the same company). Delicious and cooked to order. Loved it! A great, quick find in an airport and a happy change from candied nuts and McDonald's!
4	My husband and I shared the Kung Pao chicken and the portion was a perfect size. The flavor of the chicken was wonderful, spicy yet tangy. I was pleasantly surprised how good it was for airport food. The staff seemed like a bunch of zombies but they were really nice and attentive.
3	Solid 3 maybe a bit higher. Late nite in terminal c it sure beats fast food. Steak fried rice is pretty good with a cold Singha beer. Note, this is a twenty, but it tastes pretty good for airport food.
4	Pei Wei has to be one of the best fast food places.  Quality food, consistently good and usually taste the same in any one of thier shops.  Friendly service and alwasy tasyt food.
1	This review is for the bar area only at Pei Wei.  The bartender was very rude. We were waiting for a delayed flight and decided to get a drink.  We sat down at the bar and the bartender was extremely rude because I wasn't ready with my drink order when I sat down.  If I'm paying for an over-priced drink and supposed to tip the guy, I expect to be treated nicely.  I was so upset and It ruined my night.
5	Every drink here is $10+. That's not the selling point of Pei Wei in the airport. Let me tell you why I think this hot spot is the place to be when you wait for your flight.The bar.That's right. Janice...and now Cindy, are the reasons why I'll ever come back here again...and every time I come to the Vegas airport. Even the one guy (didn't get his name) wished me a personal farewell as if he was sad to see his customers go. Now, I have an emotional connection to Pei Wei. No other bar and restaurant in the Vegas airport will remember you came two months ago and said something but these folks. There's something truly sweet about that.I don't care how unfair my rating is. The fact that a bartender pointed to the exact seat I sat in months ago and asked how my career has progressing (yes, she got it right), tells me...even in an international airport, an Asian fast food bar still has a personal touch. Keep it up, you guys. You made one customer leave with a smile today.
1	Do not let the PF Chang's ownership fool you into believing their cuisine is any better than Panda Express. Essentially it's the same thing but at a higher price and slower service. And with Panda setting the bar very low for Chinese food,  Pei Wei is subterranean on the quality scale. Specifically, the dishes are extremely salty, way too sweet and greasy. Yes, that's the definition of American cooking. But it still sucks. And rounding out their Americana - they deep fry the Kung Pow'ed chicken. I guess with a few token snow peas mixed with the fried rice, this fast food appears more Hoity-Toity than a Swanson Oriental TV Dinner from Walmart, but don't be fooled by marketing and mid-range pricing.
3	Looked like quite a wait for to go orders. Dine in was fairly quick. Somewhat limited but adequate menu compared to Pei Weis at off airport locations. Brown rice was badly overlooked and very dry.
1	I usually love Pei Wei, but I've never seen such rude and miserable workers at the Vegas Airport location. Seeing as I have Celiacs disease and am unable to eat wheat, I asked if the Honey Chicken was breaded and the lady rudely snapped that EVERYTHING HERE IS BREADED. "Even the Gluten Free Spicy Chicken?," I ask. She walks away and asks her unhappy coworkers and they all nod that yes, the GLUTEN FREE option is BREADED. GLUTEN=BREAD. It's really not that hard to understand. Really Pei Wei? Get your stuff together....
2	My flight was delayed for over 4 hours, which meant instead of getting to eat dinner at my destination as originally planned, I instead had to overpay for some crappy airport food. At first I was pleased to see a Pei Wei in the airport as an option, as I have had pretty good experiences at other Pei Wei locations, but that pleasure quickly changed to disappointment. Perhaps it was due to the massive amount of delayed and canceled flights that particular evening, but the line to order was ridiculously long. When I finally did get to order, I was told I had to take my meal 'to go'. This was due to the fact that Pei Wei shares a seating area with a bar, and numerous tables were being used by people with no food, just a laptop and half drank beers. There were even signs by some tables that stated that they were for Pei Wei customers only, but since no one from Pei Wei actually enforced that, the signs were pointless. All of this would be forgiven if the food was decent. It's airport food, my expectations weren't very high, and I was still disappointed. My 'Pei Wei Spicy Chicken' meal lacked any form of spice or flavor. The rice was dryer than the desert surrounding Las Vegas. Half my meal went in the trash. I guess if you are stuck at McCarran C Gates and are starving, Pei Wei is one of the better options available to you. That isn't saying much though...
4	Great food for an airport asian place. If you are gluten free get the spicy chicken...lots of flavor and a good portion size for the price.Pretty speedy service too. When I hit this airport again I will come back here.
3	Love Pei Wei. This airport location was super busy, and crowded. It was hard to find a seat. Luckily I was by myself, so I found a seat facing the airport walkway, kinda like a bar table. Anyways, food was good. I had the Mongolian beef and a soda. It's the airport, very pricey, so be prepared to pay almost fifteen bucks for a meal like that! All in all, it's what I was in the mood for, so it was worth it cause I was hungry too!  Btw, the restaurant has a full bar with TVs as well.
1	Place was disgusting. Couldn't even sit down anywhere for a drink. Trash and leftover food everywhere. Who knows how often wait staff cleans up.Walked in.... walked out.
1	I've eaten here twice waiting for my flight and the food has been awful both times!!  Really bad compared to other Pei Wei's.
2	The chicken teriyaki was overcooked, overseasoned and very oily. The mongolian beef is okay for an airport food.
3	Had the Pei Wei spicy chicken plate with brown rice. Good part: good flavor, snow peas were fresh and crunchy. Bad part: brown rice was under cooked and chicken was battered and deep fried. Portion size of rice was huge, while chicken and veggies were small. Good for me since I don't eat large portions, but may not be enough for others. Overall, not bad for airport food.
3	I was craving some chow mein so I decided to stop here while I waited for my flight.  The noodles were just ok. I ordered the vegetable chow mein. The vegetables were very fresh and crunchy and the noodles were tender and not mushy. The flavors are not real heavy so I did add a touch of soy sauce but not much at all. The portion size was pretty large too. The price was about right and actually fairly inexpensive for "airport" prices. It came to just around $10 with tax.My complaint would be that the noodles had a very greasy texture to them. Not like a hole in the wall type joint but like "I used too much vegetable oil to stir fry this" type feel.
3	It may not be the best Asian food ever, but this Pei Wei is nice, convenient, and a welcome alternative to the burgers and fries or hotdogs offered in the rest of the airport.Is it a little greasy and a bit too salty? Sure, but for $15 total, you're not gonna get a Gordon Ramsay entree or sustainably raised free-range chicken with organic farm-fresh greens in an airportFine for what it is
1	The rice was microwaved in the plastic container before they piled the veggies on. This food is going to give me cancer.
3	The dish was hot and good, but they left a few ingredients out that are specified in the menu that the dish has. When I got it to their attention all they said is sorry.
3	More like 2.5, rounded up to 3 only because it's airport food and you lack options. Otherwise I would never eat here by choice. It really bothers me when menu descriptions are inaccurate. If your chicken teriyaki is breaded, please state that! Especially when chicken teriyaki is, in general, NOT breaded, even if it's a light layer of breading. Decent flavoring.Otherwise, this place is sufficient for when you're at the airport and you tire of the same old fast food, Italian, or Mexican options.Plus points: I do like the veggies that come with the my chicken teriyaki and brown rice that comes as a complimentary option. Also it seems like they make your food to orderWarning: I've only had a couple of bites of my food so far and my breath is reeking!
3	We were at the very last gate on this end so we were kinda out of options. I had the spicy kung p chicken, not terrible. Added fried rice as my side, and got a bottles soda. The food was ok, rice was a little dry for my liking. Total was almost $18 dollars, which is insane even for the airport. The only thing keeping me from eating at the Burger King next to this place was the fact that I had bellied up on so much In-N-Out while I was in Vegas I couldn't stomach another burger.
3	Only tried the chicken lettuce wraps (3 stars) and they were pretty good. Reminds me of the chain PF Changs, not authentic, but still has flavor. Lettuce was fresh too, no bad wilted lettuce in the bunch. Definitely over priced but everything in the airport is. This was the only place near my gate where I could get something that wasn't pre-made or sitting out all day. Plus I was trying to find something a little healthier, but it's probably not that healthy, haha. Service:Staff was nice. Line goes pretty fast and food comes out in 5 minutes.Atmosphere:Clean, they have seats between the ordering stand and bar area. Tables and stools for the high top tables, so if you're alone it's easy to find a seat.
2	No thanks.I came here because the name and logo sounds so healthy; so light; so refreshing.It is none of those things.I had a "japanese terriyaki bowl" with brown rice.  It was literally drenched in terriyaki sauce.  I recommend inquiring whether it is possible to order sauce on the side.The vegetables were dripping in some sort of oil.You may as well just go to Burger King or Carls Junior down the hall.
4	Breakfast is fast.  Lunch depends on line.  Not a lot of seating as it shares space with a bar.
2	Not a favorite but okay to eat for a dinner. Tried the teriyaki chicken with rice but it was over powering with heavy sauce. Couldn't taste the veggies.
1	Fail. tried to get something not sweet. can I get the chicken grilled instead of fried and breaded? sure thing this isn't sweet at all" took one bite ridiculously sweet. should have scrutinized the other dishes more carefully- they all looked shiny and completely drenched in unappetizing sauces. watched the kitchen keep making errors about things you'd think would be important like peanuts. took it back for a refund. had to wait basically the time I had to eat for a mgr to come from one of the other locations to refund my card. fail
2	Small portions.  Relatively high cost.  No sauce on my kung poa chicken.  Meat dry and over cooked. I instant it is airport food,  but really?
2	Was craving some Chinese food after a fun Vegas trip this was the closes thing I could get and barf! no flavor and the noodles wow nasties things I've ever eatin only gave em 2stars bc the employees were nice. Horrible food
3	Cheap, quick, tastes fresh, normal airport prices (a little on the spendy side). I would eat here again if I wanted Asian in the airport. That's saying something, because I've had some horrific airport meals.The service was fast and friendly. The woman who helped me was a little weird and hesitant about me wanting a drink after I'd paid for my food, but she wasn't rude or snippy.
5	Whoa. Bacon egg and sausage fried rice..... What..... Now of the pei weis in so cal have this. Super delicious too! This location is near gate e10. Quick and friendly service.  Lots lf seating so u can gobble it all down before taking off. Adjacent to burger King.
1	Food is microwave. Rice is hard as rock. They served me the wrong plate, I was eating thinking this is not what I expected yet it's ok and I'm hungry. Food runner then comes back and has a bit of an attitude, takes my plate and brings the correct one. Plate was scorching hot one second and dead cold the next. Friggin microwave. Did not finish my plate. Did not enjoy the food not the service. Lousy option at the airport. Won't be back again.
1	Food was decent.  Don't expect service.  Got a huge frown and attitude when I had the audacity to ask the server to bring me chop sticks.   She brought me a spoon to eat my meal with and nothing else. What?
2	I love Pei Wei food, but our experience yesterday was almost unacceptable. I'm am not a person who thinks "people should learn English to work in America," but I do believe a person should understand English enough to know their menu. We ordered two orders of spicy chicken. Easy, right? No. The person taking our order ordered just one order of spicy chicken. When we informed her that we wanted TWO SPICY CHICKEN, she said, "Teriyaki chicken?" "NO, spicy chicken." So, she charged us again. Yes, two credit card charges instead of one. Sigh...Well, then we got one order of spicy chicken and one order of teriyaki chicken. Really?!?!Ugh...
3	Located in Terminal 3 Gate E-11 of McCarran International Airport. There's a bar on the left and on the right is where you order your food. Several TVs to watch a game. Some tables in the center but since it's at the airport, most of the seats are often taken. They use pagers if you decide to dine in.BF's Order:Caramel ChickenThe dish wasn't overly greasy but there was more batter than meat ratio in the chicken pieces though. Was expecting something fairly bad but it turned out ok. It's all about expectations I suppose.
2	This review is strictly based off of the chicken banh mi sandwich.  The banh mi is pre made and cold. They won't even heat it for you.  You're better off getting a sandwich from Starbucks since they will at least toast it for you.  Taste wise the chicken banh mi tastes like a sriacha flavored tuna sandwich with pickled veggies.  My advice to you is to eat elsewhere or save your $8 for a legit $5 banh mi at Lees sandwiches or another mom and pops pho place that sells Vietnamese sandwiches.
1	This is my second time at Pei Wei in 3 years...  the first time in concourse C the food was so salty I could not finish it. I did not visit again until now and the food has not changed.  It is so salty I couldn't stop coughing. Worst 10 dollars for a Mongolian steak I've ever spent.  P.S. Make sure you have lots of water to drink.
3	I got some prepackaged sushi I ate there, and a ban mi sandwich for later. It was all so so. I was in a hurry, nothing photo worthy. If you're at the airport, and want something quick, and Asian, and decent, this your spot. It was like $15.00.
1	Nothing special, nothing good.. except that it's as close as you can get to something Asian at the airport.  Ordered spicy tuna rolls and wonton soup.  Sushi rolls were not fresh, typical prepackaged rolls you can find at grocery markets. Wonton was disappointing - lacked in flavor and traditional ingredients. Broth was salty.  Not impressed, not satified.
1	Worst food I ever tried! The "steak" I ordered here was a few overfried pieces of meat with some greens overgreesed with horrible oil that smells and tastes like old machine oil, and i really hope i am not going to die tonight. The brown rice was a clump of overboiled texture rembling barley, so i am not sure it is even rice.
