3	I feel like this place is fun... but only for a little. It is novel to golf in the dark but after a while you start realizing all the holes are the same setups with only minor changes. And for $10 a person, it is a little pricey. I'd rather spend the same amount and be outdoors and duking it out with windmills, bridges, and crazy transitions.
2	My husband and I have been meaning to go here for a while now with the kids. We were bored one day and decided it would be a good inside thing to do over the summer. We took the kids there and were very disappointed.   First off, the person working seemed to not care about their job. The ball selection was terrible and they all appeared to be same color. My youngest and my husband ended up with the same color of ball and they kept getting confused on whose ball belong to whom. Secondly, the first hole is located close to the exit so its not really glow in the dark until you get further into the course.  The major issue with our visit though was the air conditioning. It was seriously hot in there and mind you, we went in July when you need the air conditioning. Both of our kids were getting grouchy from being hot. We ended up only doing five holes because we were all burning up. On the way out the door my husband asked about the A/C and sure enough we were told it wasn't functioning. The kids did get a prize though for doing the last hole.
1	Complete waste of money and time. DO NOT GO HERE! Waste your money, time and self respect. This place was filthy and hot. NO AIR CONDITIONING ! The girl at the front desk was very disrespectful, rude, short, and all around just pissed me off! 10 bucks a person over the age of 5. Not worth 2 bucks a person in my eyes. Very boring course, nothing exciting to it at all. Very simple And plain. Don't consider this an option for anything. Hopefully it will be shut down soon. Also, at the end of the golf experience, the kids can shoot their ball for a gift, either a free ticket to go back, a glow bracelet or a glow battery operated necklace. NO batteries included! Don't worry the rude girl will tell the kids that their parents can buy them some. Ridiculous.
3	Not too bad, but not amazing either. There are three courses (all 18 holes each). We played one full course and a few holes that were creative as well. The price is 10 per person which I feel is a little pricey for what you get. Little kids will have a blast with this course. Adults may want to head to a different mini golf to keep their attention. The best part about this place is you get to escape the heat for about an hour. Overall I would come back if I was bored, but I feel there are better choices out there.
3	We need concept for repurpose sing and old anchor store.   Lots of holes is good. The owner being so cheap that they don't run the air conditioner in the summer, and some of the holes repeating themselves is bad. Good way to burn off little kid energy, even if it would be a tad bit expensive for more than one or two people.
1	Do not go here! This place is terrible!! Hot as heck, super boring, and the girl working there clearly hated her life!! We were looking for a fun indoor activity and we were very disappointed. The clerk also asked for the wrong amount for our total. She asked us for $30. We handed over that amount and received no change. After reviewing the receipt about an hour after we left, we saw that our total was only $29.99. We also noticed there were three separate taxes listed. What the heck are they doing there??? We will absolutely not be returning and encourage others not to patron this place either.
1	So hot in this place I wanted to do an ALS Ice Bucket Challenge.  Polite note that says "the A/C is not working", the note really meant to say "owner saving costs by turning A/C off". We did not realize that our group showed up without enough time to finish.  Upon finishing the 14th hole (in a round where we were playing fairly quickly to get out of the heat) the Manager stops us and says they're closing and we need to wrap up.  Clearly the manager knew we would not be able to finish when she gladly took $40 from us before we started.  Oh, and I love the '19th hole' plinko-style contraption they rigged at the end to collect your ball.  I'm no engineer, but after looking at it I'd say no one is gonna win the 'prize'.  Fool me once Lunar Golf!
