5	I love this place! Employees are always friendly and helpful, and the place is always clean and shiny despite all the traffic it gets. I pick up sandwiches on my way to work sometimes that make my coworkers jealous! Great place and great peeps! Thumbs up!
5	Fantastic as always with QT's. Great, fast service.
5	I know QuickTrip is a convenience store, but I would swear they are hiring Harvard Grads as the counter help.  Always very very professional and courteous.  This store is immaculate and the product selection is very nice.  Their gas prices are usually the lowest in the neighborhood and are only occasionally edged out by Costco.
2	Full trash bins, over charged for free drink with sandwich purchase, unfriendly man working today.  This is not what I am used to for a QT.
3	It's QT? Friendly employees!
4	clean, and good selection
5	Big selection of different things inside. Somewhat cheap gas compared to other place to get gas which is nice! Lines can get long thpugh.
4	I bypass two other gas stations just to go to this one. They always have open pumps, everything is well-kept and clean, and the store is well-stocked with a variety of options. The attendants are friendly and move through lines incredibly quickly, especially at high busy times (early morning, right after a work day ends).Overall: AIt may just be a gas station, but QuikTrip always proves itself to be a good stop off in the realm of fill ups.
5	Love QT gas stations! Always clean restrooms and floors. They have the best selection for every convenient need, especially beer! This one has the cheapest fuel on my way to work for me. They are always super friendly staff for 4am when I stop in haha
5	I wanted to write a quick review about my experience each morning on my way to work when I stop in. Joey is probably the hardest working guy I have ever seen. He is extremely friendly and outgoing and he even remembers my name each time I come in. He asks me about my day and about my son and even has shared a bit with me about his little girls and his lovely wife. I am only in the store for about 5 minutes each time, so for him to be able to make time while checking people out to also ask how I am doing.... makes my morning. He is an outstanding employee and one that every QT associate should replicate. He acknowledges every single customer that walks in and never misses a beat. He is a fantastic contribution to the team at QT and he always helps me start my day out right !!!
