4	Well this is the first library that I've been to since moving to Arizona and it is BEAUTIFUL! I'm used to one floor libraries that never get in many new books or movies and have bums snoring in the "quiet" room. Getting a library card was super fast and easy and you can do self checkout in one of their handy stations. You can check out up to 35 items. My only complaint, and they may fix it in the near future, is that there's not many signs to guide you so you either have to wander aimlessly (my personal choice heehee) or ask for help. They do have an extensive DVD collection for both kids and grown ups so that was a welcome addition. All in all, pretty awesome new library with a nice staff and it's in a good location.
5	This library is awesome.  It's beautiful and new; because of that they're still working on it a bit and it can only get better.  I live in Mesa, where they've cut library hours and it makes it really hard to get there if you're working full time.  This library is conveniently located where I work, on the SMCC campus, so it's super easy to request items, have them held for me and then I can pick them up whenever I want.  They have early/late hours to accomodate all kinds of schedules.  It looks like there will be a little cafe in there eventually...very cool.  There is a nice outdoor area and a children's area where they can use computers and play.  Upstairs there are several group and private study rooms if you want some space to youself.  I feel very fortunate that we have such a great addition to the neighborhood.
5	As I sit on my "perch" on the second floor of this library, I write this review.   I absolutely LOVE coming here and I give this library my 3rd 5-star rating.  Here is why....(Keep in mind, I'm writing this review as a working professional and not as a student of the college).When you walk into this library, you are awe-struck by the beautiful architectural design of the building.  During the day, this library is full of bright natural light because it is surrounded by glass windows from top to bottom.  The library is a huge open air space so that the light flows from the 2nd floor down to the first floor.  I come to this library to read my own books or use their computers to do some studying.  I love to take one of the computers that faces the Southeast of the building.  There are near panoramic views of South Mountain.  The views are stunning as, I believe, this is the tallest building south of downtown.The library provides free (for now) wi-fi.  Private study room are reservable for the public use.  State of the art media rooms that must be reserved.  There are a few things I want to keep secret.  I don't want everyone in the VAlley to know because I don't want to see this library turn into the circus at some libraries.  YOu'll have to find out for yourself.The library is conveniently located on the South Mountain Community College Campus if you attend school or live in the area, that's a bonus.  I personally never imagined myself being that person that comes to the library weekly to read a book .  I could do this at the Starbucks up the street that I am the Duchess of.  BUT, I LOVE this place and I spend less money!  ;-)  But to be honest I do.  I'm a bonafide people watcher too, and I have found that there are other regulars to the library just like e and they all have their own interesting stories.  Some of them I've talked to and inquired about why they frequent the SML and others, I just observe quietly.
5	Stopped in yesterday for a first visit to this library branch as they had the book I wanted, & it was on the way to other errands for me.  For a branch library, this modern, two-story place is particularly nice inside.  The staff was friendly, checkout was almost instant at the do-it-yourself station, and parking was right outside the front door.  No shortcomings!     :-))
2	As much as I want to love this library I just can't.  It is beautiful and located within 1/2 a mile of my house.  I was so excited when it was being built and first opening up. Now I am going to be forced to drive to Ocotillo Library.  This library has an atrocious parking situation.  Because it is connected to South Mountain Community College you have students parking in the library only spots and nothing seems to be happening about it.  I complain every time I go to the library because I circle and circle the lot and find nothing.  Many other cars are circling.  I end up having to use the 5 minute loading parking spot and run in and out and not enjoy my experience at the library.  Every time the parking lot is jam packed the library is empty.  :(The staff here are also pretty unhelpful and unfriendly.  They don't go out of their way to be rude or stand offish'  they just are.
4	Very nice and clean. The staff was very helpful in helping me find my books and DVDs.
4	This is such a nice library: clean and modern with lots of natural light and lots of areas where you can settle in and study. The have a LOT of computer workstations and can accommodate a lot of people.They also have a nice outdoor patio area that is peaceful and inviting. I firmly believe that the right environment is important when you're trying to study or get work done. This place EXCELS on that level.
5	Well, aren't you modern, Mr. Library? Why yes, you are.Such a neat place--I had a few hours to kill and so I hopped, skipped, and jumped over here to this two-story sweetie of a building. It's open, it's airy, it's got tons of windows and natural light. It's got modern patterns, and clean lines, and a lot of little places to plop down for a book.You'll also find meeting rooms upstairs that you can use if you need, and what's cool is that you can reserve them online. There are 11 reservable rooms, some with whiteboards, some with monitors, and they all have pics on the website. Just click the schedule, choose your room, fill out the form, and you've got a 30-minute chunk of time. Bam. There's a delightful courtyard, and the second floor has a big computer farm, where you can use their computers and interwebs. Potties are upstairs, too. At least the one I used. Perhaps there's one on the main floor? Surely, with a big ol' kids section, there are closer potties?The one drawback is the parking. It's on the SMCC campus, and it's a rowdy parking situation. I got one right up close, but it's limited, it's challenging, and you might be driven crazy if you're just looking to dash in and pick up a book.But the parking aside, this place is really something.
