5	I was looking for a new OB/GYN for my annual exam and with a little research decided on Las Vegas OB/GYN associates for two reasons, I had heard good reviews about the group and they had multiple locations including one close to home. I set up my appointment on line, downloaded the paper work that included my medical history and all the consents, someone from the office called to confirm my appointment and when the day arrived, I walked into the professional building near Summerlin Hospital and into a very quiet office. I was greeted promptly at the sign window, asked for my ID and insurance card and then handed over all the pre filled forms to their surprise. I was there five maybe ten minutes before I was in an exam room and waiting for the doctor. I had reviewed the group and decided Dr. Bartholomew would be someone I could feel comfortable with, I had only prior reviews to go on, but it felt like a match and when he came in the room and introduced himself, I knew it would be comfortable. The history was completed, he was very professional, yet added a little interest in me as a person and made me feel comfortable with the exam. When it came time for the actual pap smear, he called in his nurse and it was done. I had a good experience and thought I would definitely refer others here, I left thinking I would be back in a year for sure. I was called by the staff about a week later and asked to schedule for a follow up procedure based on results. Since I had a feeling I knew what this was about I didn't ask any more questions but just scheduled the appointment. When I arrived for this one, the waiting room was full with at least three other women waiting their turn and I thought oh, this is going to take some time, but again within five minutes was called into the exam room and after a few minutes, Dr. Bartholomew was in and the procedure explained and started. I was very relaxed and felt I was in good hands. After, again with reassurance by him, I felt the results would be okay and I left feeling I had definitely made the right choice in Doctors. So if looking for a good Doctor and want to feel taken care of, this is your guy!
5	The office is small, clean and quiet.  Once signed in and they verify your insurance, you get paperwork to complete to review you health.  Within 15 minutes, I am called to the back, and shortly there after placed in a room.  Dr B. is wonderful, always professional, polite, engaging, seems truly interested in you the person, not just another patient.  The office staff are friendly and quick to help, I set up my next appointment and can say from start to finish about an hour, not bad, I think!
5	Yearly exam time! They have a new office and a new name, new scrubs and the office is bigger. Great looking colors, warm and relaxing. My arrival is early, the front staff are at lunch finally someone recognizes me standing at the window and I get signed in. I complete forms they call me back, I'm waiting on the exam table with gown on, staring out the window! I can here the doctor working his way towards my room, finally my turn. The exam went fast, comfortable with my doctor, I'm done and heading out, until next year!Good experience, staff is friendly, professional and supportive. The doctor is great! Good overall!
4	I'm pregnant with my third and just moved to Vegas.  I was referred to Dr Bartholomew by a local here.  My only hang ups are that 1. I've only seen him once since I've been going here for my monthly visits. He was super nice, def knows what he's doing. Like I mentioned I'm currently almost 6 months along and have only seen him once. Which is weird to me. For my two previous pregnancies, I never had any monthly visit where I didn't see the actual doctor. My second hang up is that I have waited in the waiting room for well over an hour past when my appointment was for. I ended up leaving and having to reschedule. I now only schedule morning appointments rather than afternoon appointment since the wait time is significantly less. Not huge deals, but things worth mentioning. Staff is super friendly. Clean office. Feel really comfortable when there.
5	I cant thank Dr Bartholomew enough for his help. Finally a doctor that shows compassion, understanding and a sense of humor. The first visit I stated what was wrong immediately I was scheduled for an exam and the same day was told what was wrong. I had been to several doctors and no one knew what was wrong. Doctor B was not hesitant he gave me my options and within a week I had a hysterectomy. The relief of pain was immediate. The office is extremely busy but I can see why with having such a great Doctor he is worth the wait. Tina one of his staff is also an amazing team member. Prior to my surgery she answered all my questions and put my mind as ease and guided me through the whole process from paperwork to insurance. I cant stress enough how grateful I am to have found such a great doctor that helped me get my life back.
