1	In spite of living but a short jaunt from Dic Ann's for decades now I've never been to this chain. So walking by the newly opened location starving, it seemed to be as good a time as any to sink my teeth into their highly successful burger format.First off, the burgers are different. They look like they have been flattened and rounded. They float in a sauce, their famous hot sauce... in fact, at a quick glance I thought they were serving me a small stack of pancakes.I order the the trio, consisting of a hi-top burger, fries and drink (can of Pepsi products or water bottle) is under $7.The burger is one ugly motha. And not ugly with a great attitude. No. Ugly, with no real substance. A burger that is flat, with barely any meat in it at all, a single slice of tomato and an end piece of lettuce. Hot sauce and onions spilled out of the bun and created a pool around the burger. The fries are not great... not bad, just nothing. They are lightly fried, mid-sized, if someone said they were McCains, I'd totally believe that. The hard part is that the burger and everything wasn't bad, it just wasn't good at all. I never thought I would say this, ever in my life, but if someone asked if I would rather go to DicAnn's or McD's... I choose McD's!
3	It's a flat odd coloured mess, I can't wait to go back. I had the Dic Ann cheeseburger and sauce, which is a flat cheeseburger with meat sauce, and they give you a popsicle stick to lift it out of the cardboard basket. And the flattest hot dog with all the fixins, I can't really explain it, but it was squashed and tasty. Think White Castle but with Wolverine-like origins, from the Wilds of the Canadian wilderness, Montreal.
3	Just ok nothing special. Live around the corner probably won't be back it ain't my thang.
3	It is way better than Buns or even Macdee's the fact they use fresh meat in their patties is a huge plus.But it is a fast food burger and nothing much else. Yes it has its own distinct features from the spicy sauce to the flattened buns but is too thin on meat. You need a double or two burgers at the very least to be satisfied.Fries are frozen and I would've given a fourth star had it been freshly cut.
