1	Not good.Beans should really be the highlight of a good Mexican restaurant.  I've made enough beans at home to know the difference between canned and dried beans, and these are definitely from a can.  I would not be surprised if they are watered down canned refried beans.I ordered the vegetable fajitas, and it was obvious that the vegetables went straight out of a freezer bag into a frying pan, ending up soggy and bland.  The waiter seemed shocked when I asked, but he did admit they were frozen vegetables.  Besides the rice, my guess is that the food here is not fresh by any stretch of the imagination.  Try El Pastor, Taqueria Guadalajara, or even Abuelo's instead.
5	I don't give many 5 star reviews and I just ate here yesterday and again today.First, don't expect fine cuisine. I'm not sure when Eric S. ate here, but the vegetables in my fajitas were DEFINITELY NOT frozen. Granted, I got the Fajitas Guadalajara, and it had peppers and onions. Neither were frozen. They still had that crunch and taste from having been fresh before grilling.This place is an upscale, greasy spoon Mexican place, and it does it extremely well! My fajitas were $14 and I ate 3 huge fajitas in the restaurant and still had enough for 3 more at lunch the next day!Finally - the guacamole and the flan -- fresh guacamole - has chunks of avocado in it and is made to order. They also use enough lime that it only browns around the edges by the next day. The flan - oh my god... The first time I had it - perfect. So smooth and creamy... Was a spiritual experience.On top of this all... Freshly fried and still warm corn tortilla chips, and fresh salsa... What more can you ask for?
3	We have been to cocina real a few times and find that there are two things to order.  Number 1 is the nachos con mariscos.  Enough for two with plenty of chips, cheese and seafood ( shrimp and scallops).  The other thing to order is a margarita, especially on 2 for 1 Tuesdays and Thursdays.  We have tried other menu items and found them to be utterly terrible ( we have not tried the fresh guacamole).  We have noted thst kids do seem to like other menu items...So, get nachos con mariscos and margaritas and you will love this place!
4	Good food, clean, and good service. We have visited here that past two Sundays, and we have had great food and excellent service. The new location is clean, and very well kept. Our food came out quickly, and everything we have ordered has been great.
4	Nice lunch specials, great selection, and nice prices make this a nice choice.We like our salsa quite spicy, so when we asked for some hot sauce, our waiter brought us some.  It was excellent.  Mixed it into their house salsa and it was divine.  We are both looking forward to going back to try something else on the menu.  A margarita, perhaps.  Margarita specials Monday through Wednesday.
1	Horrible service.  Slower than a dying snail in the Tijuana heat.Went there for lunch, ordered and had to leave 40 minutes later because my food never showed up.  At least I got a few chips to eat.  Gotta love not being able to have lunch on your lunch break.I will never go there again.  Gracias for nothing.
4	Cocina Real was accurately described as sorta upscale Mexican. Maybe Mexican diner for Americans... which isn't a bad thing. It's consistently pretty good. We've been coming here for years. Margaritas are decent, the main dishes are suitable for sharing.  In general, they are busy the service can be a bit slow... if they aren't busy, the service is fantastic. Tonight we split fajitas Guadalajara - pork, chicken, beef. It's decent and plenty big enough for two.
