4	I'm absolutely agreed with Alice, K1 Yarns makes me want to become a professional knitter!We used to have a branch of K1 through in Glasgow, and although I mourn the loss of such a great little shop I'm glad to see it's still going strong in Edinburgh! With bigger premises through here than we had on Queen Margaret Drive, that can only mean one thing: more choice! And choice there is. Luxurious is most definitely the word for it. Soft but durable, if I knitted a jumper out of some of their yarns I would probably never take it off. Eww, but you get what I mean - it's almost silky to the touch and of the highest quality!K1 Yarns are fronting the knitting revival - they even do classes! Open to all ages, you can learn how to knit, crochet and (more recently) sew clothing like a pro! Like Alice, I don't knit. I only ever seem to be able to produce shoddy, tattered looking gloves for some reason. They would do for an Oliver Twist costume. But should I ever get a spurt on for purling, I would make the journey from Glasgow to join a class through here! These ladies know how to work the needles like it's witchcraft, and also know where to get their mitts on some amazing, locally resourced wool.
4	As if all the other interesting shops on this street were not enough. Whether you are a pro at knitting or a timid beginner, this is the place for you. They hold various classes throughout the week for different knitting techniques ( call to confirm!) and have a huge variety of books, wool, needles and plenty of ideas. My flatmate recently took up knitting and I have noticed it seems to be a growing trend amongst students as a hobby. This store is very laid back inside and don't be intimidated to ask anything, the lady may be knitting a tea cuddy in 10 minutes and your "scarf" seems like the dog got it already but she is very friendly to help and correct. It's a bit like a cool place to hang out and knit funky stuff basically.
5	'A hidden purl'Established in 2005, K1 Yarns is an adorable knitting boutique that offers weekly classes, workshops and regular stitch 'n' bitch sessions. Beginners are welcome and the staff pride themselves on being friendly and approachable art & crafts lovers that happen to knit themselves. Alongside needles, crochet hooks, patterns and magazines, K1 Yarns stock a brilliant array of yarns for knitting and crocheting from as afar afield as Bolivia, Japan and the Orkney Islands. For the creative / experimental knitter, they also sell unusual silk, copper, stainless steel and linen paper yarns. If you're thinking of visiting during the festival, why not sign up for Vala's Daily Knitting Fix? It runs from 4-5pm everyday and includes knitting a tea cosy to take home afterwards.
4	A nice little yarn boutique with a limited range but still nice yarns. I popped in the first night I was there, but the service was not especially warm or friendly. They were about to close up, and since they're on a rather touristy lane, perhaps they get a lot of non-knitter browsers. I gave them a chance the next night and it was world's different. The gal at the shop was very friendly, had recently come over from the US so we bonded over that a bit, and they had a class going on at the same time. Between the gal who worked in the shop, the knitting teacher and the 2 students, we had a great chat about their yarns, the wonder of Ravelry, and they filled me in on a local knitting group about 2 blocks away that I rushed off to. I got a lot of local Scottish yarn, a couple of skeins of British yarn, and great Addi Turbo needles that were a great price. The shop gal cheerfully winded my 2 hanks of yarn. I mistakenly assumed they had a ball winder, but she wounded the into balls instead. I only gave 4 stars instead of the 5 because of my experience on the first night. If I had been received a little bit more warmly on the first night, or if I had just gone in the second night, they would have received 5 stars.
4	I found this store through www.ravelry.com as I have been looking for yarn stores wherever I travel.  This one is easy to find and it is nice and roomy so you can move around, unlike a lot of other yarn stores I have been to where you can hardly move.They have a nice selection of yarns and books from patterns to learning to knit.  I do not remember if there was a large section of supplies (knitting needles, etc.).  While I know it says 'knitting' in the name, I do not knit, I crochet and there just did not seem to be much geared toward those of us who crochet.  I did ask the staff member if she had any crochet pattern books and they only had two.  However, she was very friendly and did mention how they didn't seem to keep as much on hand for those who crochet, however it doesn't seem to have changed much since I have been back a couple of times.However, I do come back because I like the selection of yarns, so that has to say something about the shop!
4	Lovely little yarn shop featuring a great deal of regional yarns and Scottish breed yarns. Very helpful service and reasonable prices (though some yarns are rather expensive, considering they are small batch and some handspun, the price makes sense). Can't wait to visit again when I'm next in Edinburgh!
4	Cute LYS, located on an equally charming street in the historic Grassmarket area, just a block away from the Royal Mile. You can't miss it - the shop front & door are painted in a wonderful hue of blue!!Everything is here: wools from Scotland, yarns from around the world, addi needles, fun patterns, solid notions, comfy chairs & some adorable needlepoint bags to stash your knitting. The gal was happy to let me browse uninterrupted & cheerily answered my questions.At the time of my visits, however, the yarn selection was VERY limited or their stock was VERY low -(perhaps they were awaiting a shipment???). I was expecting a wall of wool like the pictures!That said, you should really check out their own line of "K1 Yarns" -  hand dyed & spun especially for them, here in Scotland. Their 100% Scottish wool, dk weight "Scappa"  will always  remind me of all those sheep I saw on the hills/mountains in the stunningly beautiful CairnGorum National Park. There is also a lovely cashmere/ultra-fine merino blend from the Orkneys, called "Selkie" that was very luxurious, tho pricey. The colors were quite striking.I was hoping to find a nice Scottish sock wool, so I could whip up a comfy warm pair of socks to counter the very chilly, stormy weather Edinburgh was experiencing at the time - but either I missed it or they don't carry it.Rating: Only 4 stars out of 5 because of the limited stock & no obvious display of sock wool. I would happily amend this rating to a solid 5 if the former observations were addressed!
