5	I was having some eyeglasses repaired and had an attack of the 'hungrys'and there right next to Nationwide was a brand new eatery. I had never had a hot dog dragged through the garden - now I am hooked. A weekly pilgramage from Downtown Phoenix to 40th St and Indian School not only satisfies my hot dog urges but also allows me to stock up on genuine Chicago garden gear - sport chillies, relish etc. Burgers, Ribs, and their Italian Beef & Sausage sandwiches are there to try out. Check it out clean, new and a great staff.
3	So I actually do like the food here, I had an italian beef sandwich here and thought it was really good.This place fits right in at a shopping center that has local chain titans Pei Wei, Wildflower Bread Co, and Pita Jungle. This is Joey's third location (fourth if you count the one that closed). They do Chicago burgers, dogs, and sandwiches served up in a clean, buttoned down environment with friendly staff.But they moved into a neighborhood that already has Chicago Hamburger Co. I'm from California, and eating here is comparable to eating at one of the chain Tommy's rather than the original on Beverly Boulevard. It's still good but doesn't have the same soul. I will say that their fries are better than CHC's.
4	Grand opening!  I pretty much dug this place. They have a nice array of food available.  Hot dogs, subs, burgers, and ribs....gonna try the ribs next!   Food was pretty in-expensive. Waitress was helpful... nothing too crazy happened... haha... I'll be back...
3	I went to Joeys of Chicago, expecting to find the Rumbi Island Grill restaurant (which was the previous tenant, but apparently went out of business and was replaced by Joeys).I like hot dogs as much as anyone, however, so I decided to give it a try.They did a decent job of plastering the place with Chicago memorabilia and I enjoyed reading the various facts about Chicago that were on my tray paper as I ate my hot dog and fries.The hot dog with all its various chicago-style toppings was quite tasty (no ketchup needed!), and I could definitely imagine eating there again.Unfortunately, this particular restaurant location suffers from two potentially fatal flaws. These are flaws that I personally believe caused Rumbis to fail, and might possibly be a problem for Joeys as well (but hopefully not):1. The parking spots are awkward. When you enter the lot, you are naturally drawn to park in front of the Wildflower restaurant, while the Rumbis/Joeys restaurant feels "out-of-the-way". During busy times, finding a parking spot in this complex is practically impossible, but the other restaurants seem to be doing ok, so maybe this isn't that big of a deal. It's definitely something I noticed, though.2. The dining room area is WAY TOO BIG and EMPTY. Hotdog joints simply shouldn't have twenty empty tables. It doesn't feel cozy or authentic (which is practically a requirement for a thematic restaurant like this). Instead, it feels empty, lonely, sterile, and deserted, and that's even when there are people there! The previous Rumbis restaurant there had the exact same problem (it even looks like Joeys kept almost all of the same furniture). Having a cramped dining area that only holds a couple of people has an interesting effect: It makes the place look popular even when only a few people are there. This effect is amplified when the restaurant is actually busy and people are forced to order items "to-go". For an example of successful hole-in-the-wall restaurants that use this technique, take a look at either Mamma Mia's pizza or Chicago Hamburger Co. just down the street. They're cramped, but always appear to be bustling.Edited on 02/12/2012:Sure enough. It looks like Joeys has closed. Unfortunately, it appears that my predictions were true. :-(
3	We went to the new Indian School and 44th St location and eh, 'salright if you don't mind a mediocre dog. I have to say YAY for the electric green relish and the poppy seed buns but the actual dogs lacked juiciness (seemed a little dried out like the ones that spin round and round all day at QT), the buns were dry (obviously not steamed), and hand to God - there was NO celery salt on my dog (the owner felt terrible and gave me a freebie card for my next visit). All in all, not a bad value - great location, spacious dining area, and super nice employees - but mildly disappointing. I'm thinking I should've gone for the Italian Beef. My quest for the perfect Chicago dog in Phoenix sadly continues... maybe I'll be pleasantly surprised when I return for my do-over!
4	This gets added to my list of places to get a good Italian beef sandwich. There are just so many of these Chicago-style restaurants in the valley, all with practically the same menu items, but they're just hit-or-miss.  This one is definitely a hit.The bread was thick and substantial, and was nice and gooey after being dipped in the meat sauce. The meat was medium-sliced, with a nice flavor, and they dumped a ton of mozzarella cheese on it. This was a sandwich to eat with a fork. The fries were also pretty good - not anything unique, but better than a lot of places.Definitely a place I'll stop on the way home every now and then.
4	Compared to a number of other places in the area serving Chicago style hot dogs, this one wins out on value.  The fries were pretty good and plentiful and I was able to get 2 char dogs, which I prefer over boiled hot dogs.Unlike the other reviewer who complained that the place looks empty and that they should have fewer seats, I say simply that you are wrong.  The place is fairly new and does not have a strong following...yet.  More seats, more business.  I have left the Chicago Hamburger Company down the street many times because all the seats were full and there was no place to eat my food, that's just business being lost.  Plus, the parking there is just as bad, if not worse.Joeys also has a more extensive menu.  I will be going back.
1	So working on the East side of Phoenix and on the way to CHC, I see Joey's opened up another location. Had to give it a try.The restaurant was empty, and clean. The food was the usual Joey's fare. The Chicago Dog stunk. This dog is the same dog that Sonic is selling for the same 1.99 and they get it to you quickly, Joey's makes you wait a bit for the disappointment. Well, this was on a Monday, a slow day in the restaurant industry, so I would really hate to try this place on a Friday. My mistake of the day, not going to Chicago Hamburger Co. With all of these locations, I would hope that they would work on quality. They could do so much better.3/2/2011 - Got the reply that is attached from Joey's and here is my comments to the reply:I have been eating Chicago Style Hot Dogs for over 30 years and have found a few good places in the valley in the past 10 years since moving here. Some of the better ones have closed.To comment on your reply I have to say that Sonic does now have a Chicago Style Hot Dog which is all beef, maybe even Vienna, who knows, but besides the relish they use, it is as good, if not better then Joey's Chicago Dog. And it is 1.99 too. The best part is the dog is not over cooked, as yours has been on different occasions. Why I liked Sweet Home Chicago is that their dog was a Natural Casing and had the true Chicago Style snap that your dogs lack. It is a taste that a true Chicago Style dog lover notices. Also, as you have said to other posters, the dog you use, a 10/1 IS NOT the official size of a dog in Chicago. Most places use an 8/1. The key to the great taste is the size of the dog, the Natural Casing and the right amount of condiments. Most people will not mind paying more for a better product. Since you asked, here are a few places that have good Chicago Style Hot dogs:Chicago Hamburger CompanyDazzo's Dog HouseLuke'sa few hot dog carts in townAl's Beef - Good dog, just too small.Taste of Chicago
4	I was very excited when this place opened in my neighborhood. I am a huge fan of Chicago Style Hotdogs and this place did not disappoint. I never shy away from the hotdog, so I can't give an opinion on the rest of the menu. The fries are good (I get a side of chili and cheese) and the hotdog is great. The only reason I didn't give the extra star is because the parking lot sucks, but that is the same for every business at that location, and they don't serve the fries in a separate container so you have to get the chili and cheese in side cups.
3	I went here on Saturday, and I got a chili dog and my daughter got a hamburger.  Both were just ok.  It was a little out of my way to go here, but had a Groupon, so my drive was worth the extra expense.  The best part about this meal was the french fries.  Everything was just ok.  And of course at the end had to take the Megan test.  I asked my daughter, Megan, would you like to come back here and she says "no".  Nuff said.
4	We had a good meal here last night. It was our first visit here, and I'm sure we'll visit again. It was around 6pm or so and the place was completely empty.... other than for the two cops that were dining. (My husband said that's a sign of a good restaurant when you see cops eating -- since they're always  eating out.)But... I went with the Chicago Hot Dog special for $4.99. It included a Chicago Hot Dog, french fries, and a soda. My husband went for a polish sausage. We always split our fries. Friendly service, food was good, and hopefully this place gets busier.
4	Stopped here for lunch with The Boy today after a morning of driving through neighborhoods looking at houses for sale.I ordered a regular, plain hot dog with a side of onion rings.  (Aside from Maui Dog, I don't really do more than ketchup on my dogs.)  The Boy had the Chicago Dog with all the fixin's and an order of fries.  We both agreed that the hot dogs were pretty good.  I think I could definitely handle a Jumbo Dog, though...the one I had was pretty small.  I thought the hot dog had a good taste and the bun was soft and fresh.  I LOVED the onion rings and even had to share with The Boy after he tasted them.  I liked the fries, too, but he thought the onion rings were better.I thought the service was extremely friendly and it was really clean, too.  Sadly even though it wasn't that busy it took a little bit for the food to come out.  There were about 4 or 5 orders that all seemed to come out at the same time.  But - like I said, really friendly staff.As for the comparison to the neighborhood rockstar Chicago Hamburger Company....apples and oranges my friends.  I LOVE Chicago Hamburger Company - I really do!!! But I go there for sliders....HAMBURGERS....not hot dogs.  Both places have awesome buns and onion rings, but one serves hot dogs and the other serves hamburgers.  Besides - sometimes the wait at CHC makes it impossible to eat there - especially when there's nowhere to sit....there's another plus for Joey's - plenty of seats to sit in as you wait for your food.  :)
4	i like this place 1rst visit had a chili dog good chili also had onion rings not bad a bit geasy good help
2	- Joeys is the McDonalds of all of the Chicago style joints in town -I consider myself to be a fair, unbiased judge of these establishments in town. I am all about quality and authenticity when it comes to these places, and when one of them cuts corners and is more concerned about profitibaility vs. quality, this needs to be recognized.When a business puts love into their products, it becomes very apparent, and Joey's shows no love in their products as far as I can tell.To start, I was almost offended when I was advised by one of their friendly employees that they use Vienna Beef Brand, Beef that is shipped in to them and heated up and served on their Italian Beef Sandwiches. This my friends, is comparable to Taco Bell using their reconstituted meat in their products vs. using real ground beef and seasoning it up in house.Since they have their meat precooked and shipped in from a mass producer, they also obtain their beef stock from the same source. This all equates to a garbage product. You may as well order a Philly Cheesesteak from Subway if you are going to go this route.Since you have already heard the direction that this post is going, you have probably already guessed that they use giardinara from who else but Vienna Beef.Now to the Polish Sausage, it is just as Lobby's uses, a precooked and hotdog like processed link which equates to what you would find in the hotdog section at the grocery store.With these few, yet major things being the case at this establishment, there is no need to go further with any of their other products.If you are looking for a fast food type meal with no authenticity and that comes nowhere near the qualty of the competitors in town, then go for it. But if you are looking for a true experience that you might find in Chicago, trust me when I say that you will be nothing less than disappointed.I would love to see this company change their business model, which would include changing their entire product line so that we could have some real competition for the other true greats in this Valley.Cheers! :)
2	Another one bites the dust..newbie isnt gonna cut it with me. Nice clean space but not going back for the food.  Ordered a chicago dog with french fries. Husband had italian beef sand. Hotdog was boiled and not hot with a dill pickle sliced on it with relish, mustard and relish. BORING! fries were good though. The cost for 2 dogs and fries was $7 and sand was alright but wouldnt go back. Goto Luke's instead
3	Quick service.Beef was tasty.Fries were good.Bread was nothing special.Pretty over priced for what you get though. I don't anticipate going back unless I have a coupon or there is some sort of special.
2	I was in a hurry today and found myself grabbing a quick bite at Joey's of Chicago.  And it's a good thing that it was on this particular occassion I was in a hurry because there was no line/no waiting.  Translation: the place was completely empty and I think I know why.I rushed in and ordered the Italian Beef.  It was the special on the chalkboard near the front door and the first thing that caught my eye.  Since the lone employee had nothing else to do, she served as greeter, order taker, change maker, sandwich maker and server.Friendly enough, she asked if I wanted the juice on the sandwich or the side.  I actually like flavorful, soggy bread so it suited me to have it on the bread.  It's probably no surprise but, if you don't, you're better off ordering it on the side for dipping, instead.  The beef, itself, wasn't prepared to order, but sat in a steamer or some such vessel.  It was served hot, but cooled too quickly.  The flavor was ok, but the meat had a few pieces of grizzle I had to tear away.  That's no fun if the food is already in your mouth!The restaurant was largely clean.  The decor was obviously Chicago themed with a large mural (a large stick-on photo) of the Chicago skyline on one wall and several street signs of well-known Chicago streets pearched at booths.  Even so, I didn't feel like I was in Chicago; just another Phoenix restaurant likely to be out of business by the time the lease runs out.5/9/2012 Update: This place has closed?  Yikes, do you suppose it was my comment?  :::Shrug:::
4	If you are a displaced Chicagoan and are in need of a fix head to Joeys where they actually know what it means to give your beef a bath. Chicago dogs and Maxwell Street polishes done right. To top it off they are streaming Chicago radio and their french fries and onion rings are delicious.
2	My wife and I ate a Joey's on 10/15/11 and we were pretty disappointed.  My wife had a turkey sandwich, which she said was very dry and overall bland.I had the Italian beef sandwich wet style, which there menu board stated was their specialty.  While the sandwich was very big, the bread had turned into a undercooked doughy consistency from the gravy.  The hot peppers where dull, and the sandwich on the whole need salt.I will say the prices and service were pretty good, though the place was pretty empty.I'm not an expert on Chicago style food, but I would say keep driving and go to Chicago Hamburger Company or Luke's of Chicago.
1	After several months, I thought I'd give Joey's another try just to be fair. What a mistake.  Food is limp and tasteless.  Place was empty, but service was still slow and poor.  Oh, and the price has gone up.  As a matter of fact, I visit this center a few times a week, and Joey's is ALWAYS empty.  No mystery why.
2	I was looking for a lunch spot on a Sunday, and there was not much open, but I stumbled on this place, and thought I would try it out.   I was excited to try the Italian Beef. The place was empty, with a wanna be franchise feel.  There was only one staff member working, and he was taking orders, and preparing the food at the same time.  I ordered the 2 most popular products which were the Italian beef, and the Chicago style hot dog. I got fries and a drink as well. He said to wait 10 minutes for the food, and I was the only person in the store.The Italian Beef felt like a mock sandwich of some sort. The bread and meat was awful.  I felt like a could of made a better sandwich at home, and the Chicago style dog was just a boiled dog I could of made better at home. The fries were the best part, but you don't go here for the fries.  Overall it has a sports bar atmosphere, but the Chicago style food is not close to authentic at all, and $12+ for lunch is not something I want to pay for this quality of food.
5	Great food!
