5	Very good sushi... Surprising place... Nice people but they should have full wait service instead of ordering at the counter. Other than that, no complaints. Kabuki is right across the parking lot but their quality is not as good.
5	I wanted to get away from fast food at westgate and I was on my break so I decided to head on over! The staff is so incredibly nice and helpful! Even when I order the tea too late, they have it to me for free (which I added in a tip) and try got my food out quickly! Now, I'm new to sushi so I decided to get the bento box and oh my gosh! It was amazing! The spicy teriyaki beef is my favorite and the California rolls are so amazing! Now whenever I have a break, I'll probably head over there! P.s. I'm obsessed with the tea! This is my new favorite place!
5	The other day was the first time trying out this new restaurant, that replaced the coffee/pastry shop. Owner is very welcoming and her sushi is delicious.  Much better than other sushi restaurants around the city.  I tried the Eel and Vegetable Roll as well as the Crunchy Crap Roll - so good!!  Definitely recommend the Eel or Crunchy Crab... Never been a fan of Vegetable Sushi.  The Shrimp Tempura Bowl is delish as well.  So is their Vanilla Latte - will be trying the Americano next time!!Enjoy Sushi Cafe - thank you for you yummy food and coffee.
5	Some of the best sushi I have had in the area! Their lattes are no joke either! Will come back every time I am in town!
5	Best in the city, sushi at a affordable price. Owner gives a 20% military/veteran discount. They can make sushi the way you like it. We love the tuna lover, and spicy tuna rolls. The place gives a welcoming feeling, and has a fun atmosphere.  Kids are welcome, its a chill environment,  I don't have to wear a tux and go broke to enjoy, fresh delicious sushi.
5	Sushi is good and the employees are super welcoming! They offer 20% military discount and they also deliver. If you are looking for a place to get sushi quick I suggest this place!
5	This sushi joint has all sorts of character, from the decor to the food itself! The sushi is well priced and super delicious. The customer service in this place is bar none thee most excellent I've had over the past few months, very warm and very inviting.Something that really sets them apart from the run of the mil "lunch special" sushi, is the fact that they have dank coffee and also bomb ass sushi. If had to rate between 1 and 10, it would get an eleven!
3	So we were driving though Glendale on our way to the Grand Canyon. We wanted to eat something that wasn't deep fired and this place was very refreshing. The sushi was  fresh and tasty the workers were super nice to me and my kids!!  we also enjoyed the price very affordable.
5	Great quality sushi at a very affordable price. Went here for lunch and got the spicy salmon and spicy tuna rolls. Fish was good quality and the rolls were well made and tasty. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Will definitely come back.
5	Excellent service, exceptional sushi, great prices! This is a great, casual, lunch spot! We will definitely come back, plus they deliver to the Westgate area!
5	This place is proof you do not have to spend a ridiculous amount of food for absolutely delicious food. Service was wonderful. I got the shrimp tempura bento box and every bit was yummy- for only $10 you get a side salad, meso soup, 4 pieces of california rolls, 5 decent size pieces of shrimp tempura, and a large amount of steamed rice. It was the perfect amount of everything. We also were able to try their sweet iced tea, which I recommend to everyone! I can not wait to come back!
5	Great little place me and my girlfriend decided to go to after working at the stadium. Food was great! Staff was great! And the food was great!! I will be coming back every time I'm back out here!!!
5	This is a cute little spot to fix your sushi craving. To my surprise there's a lot of food options -- bento, salads, wraps (non-seaweed), rice bowls and even coffee drinks! I'll definitely be coming back
4	Just ate here today. The sushi was good for the price. But the Poke Salad was amazing! I'm a Poke snob and this poke was fabulous, the salad dressing was tasty and there was quite a good amount of fresh avocado mixed in with other greens. Best Poke I've had in Phoenix.
4	Excellent service, casual atmosphere. Coffee was a little weak, but the sushi tasted very fresh and was prepared nicely. Try the red figi roll, it's a new favorite of ours. Delicious rolls and very reasonable prices. I will definitely be back!Sorry about the picture, we ate it too fast so half is missing in the photo. It was a beautiful presentation before we devoured it.
5	Excellent sushi for the price. I been to almost all Japanese restaurants in town, this one is in my top list,  I will go back for sure. Good price, good sushi, what else do I need to say more!?
5	This place has excellent sushi and the owner is very nice and friendly. It's the best sushi on the west side. If you live downtown it is worth the drive. The price is right for their happy hour and you can get really great deals!!
5	Best sushi on the west side of town! I have been here several times now and have never been disappointed. The staff is friendly and the fish always taste fresh. A prior comment notes they are closed randomly but I haven't experienced this. I'm not one for planning and sometimes when you are in the mood for sushi you just have to get up and go. Never seen this place closed outside of its posted hours.Fully recommend the place if you are near the Westgate area. Little hard to find but its right next to Big Fat Greek which is towards the entrance off of Glendale Ave.Enjoy!
5	The owner is very nice and the cafe is very clean. I've been here several times and the sushi never disappoints. I recommend the crunchy crab roll and the tiger roll, if I had to choose a couple. Will definitely be returning.
5	I love this place. It's clean and the owner is very nice. My favorite is the red fiji roll. Yum!
5	It was my first time here, and I got the Red Fiji roll. It was great.  I will definitely come back and try other items on the menu.
5	First time here!  I'm not a big sushi fan but I must say that it was pretty darn good. I got the Cali roll,  avacado roll and the double shrimp roll. They make it right there on the spot. I love expresso drinks and tried their White Mocha and it was great! This place is a must try.
4	First time and actually first meal in Arizona. I ordered the poke salad which was delicious, light and very fresh tasting. If I had one criticism, it would be that "Poke Salad" is a bit of a misnomer. It was more of a tuna sashimi salad with a siracha kick. That wouldn't stop me from ordering it again.
5	You won't find any better Sushi on westside. I'll be back for sure. The three rolls I ate were spicy tuna, red Fiji, baked salmon rolls. This place is a home run.
1	Well where to start first let me say they have crazy hours are not open past 7 o'clock??so today we finally caught up with them the sushi was not good-and the service was even worse. We ordered iced tea and they didn't have any sugar and then didn't even know what sweet and low was. I think owner dug out a couple of sugar packets from her purse I swear no lie we ordered the average sushi California roll etc. etc. and we ordered the crunchy crab roll but guess what there was no crunch on we asked if it was supposed to be crunchy he said yes and walked away we also ordered a A beef teriyaki roll but they had no beef so then we said fine give us a chicken teriyaki roll apparently they had chicken but there wasn't any teriyaki on it at this point we just wanted to leave but we couldn't because their computers were down and they couldn't except debit cards they failed to tell us this before we ordered any food so I had to leave my wife there and tried to find ATM to find cash to pay the bill they should do everyone a favor and stay close more often...
4	If you're looking for affordable sushi in the Westgate area, look no further!  They had a deal of 5 rolls for $30 and it was a great value.  The rolls were fresh and well-prepared.  It is more of a fast-casual concept so this may not be a great choice if you're looking for a "restaurant experience."  Excellent!
5	Best sushi on the west side. Have had the spicy tuna, crunchy crab, Hawaiian roll, avocado roll, and rainbow roll. Service was wonderful. Owner came and checked on us once and had a great conversation!
4	Went here for the first time last week after reading some great reviews. I was not disappointed. The owners were very friendly and I asked what their most unique roll was and they recommended the Red Fuji roll. We ordered that and two other rolls. We were NOT disappointed. I LOVED the Red Fuji roll, which was a little spicy and a bit sweet with these little crunchy things on them that I think may have been tiny balls of tempura batter. SO GOOD! Everything was excellent and I like that they do not douse the sushi with too much sauce, which lets you taste the freshness of the fish. Our only complaint is that they did not have sugar for my daughters tea, of which she sadly can't do without, but the owner added vanilla coffee syrup, which was not bad at all.
5	Went there yesterday but found out that the restaurant has sold to another owner. I hope new owner can make it even better. They were closed yesterday and don't know when they will open again under new management.
