1	This store is difficult to get through, and most of the time, if I'm not desperately in the need for something, I avoid it. The only perk is the location for the people of Marley Park and surrounding neighborhoods. The staff is slow and VERY rude. Some of them will give you lip for asking for a receipt. Overpriced as well. Avoid if you can.
2	I want to like and support the local merchant every chance I get! However in the case of Basha's Surprise location it is not easy. The layout of the store is odd depending on the entrance you use. Why the produce is all the way on the opposite side, the dairy and frozen section are split up. Their selection has always been good, but price wise I've almost always found them higher then Fry's down the road. Two high points are their fresh made to order pizza and bakery departments! All in all go for the pizza and baked goods, but go to Fry's for the rest.
3	Love the store, the employees are very nice and polite and helpful. There meat & fish dept is great and tastes good. the only problem I have is there high prices other than that I love going there.
1	This store drives me crazy. I am all for supporting local businesses but not when the local businesses suck! This store has the WORST layout I have ever seen. I can never find anything. On multiple occasions I have had to ask a worker where something was only to find out they don't carry it or the worker doesn't even know. On top of all that the prices are consistently the highest I have seen. I don't have the time or money to shop here!
4	Basha's is a great store if you shop with children. The best perk is the child care center. The ladies who work in it are very nice and great with my kids. Basha's is a bit overpriced and does not carry everything, but it is good when I need a few sane 'mommy moments' to shop in peace. To me, that is worth the extra $10 I will spend there. Plus the pizza is amazing and a fantastic price.
3	Like other posters, I have to agree, the prices are a bit higher than other stores, but I do value the atmosphere at Bashas.   It is typically not as busy here as other stores so I will make it a point to come here when I just am not up for the crazy Fry's parking lot.
1	I have went into Bashas 3X in the past week to find out about a promotion for a local event that they sponsor, was in their add, and they are to have a display in which to enter for free tickets/ and you can purchase (?) for free tickets... NO ONE can tell me what the hell I need to purchase... I got one manager, was told to come back the next day to talk to the next manager (it was ONLY the 1st day of the ad and they did not have the info yet...) Understood, today trip 3, (the NEW ad came out yesterday... still NO ONE can tell me a thing! REALLY??? Buy Miller beer he tells me... ok, 6pk, 12 pk??? He does not know... Go figure!?! I could have bought the stupid tickets for what I spent driving down there trying to find out what you should have been able to find out on day 2...
4	You won't find nicer employees or a cleaner layout.   Everything is easy to find and they have the most welcoming staff.  There is hardly ever any wait time and when we ask for help  they eagerly oblige.  The prices are no worse or better than any of the other establishments.  What sets this store apart is the proximity and cordiality we feel.  Try their Starbucks.  They're great too.
