4	This is a very nice gentleman's spot for a haircut and shave.On this occasion I had a haircut and thanks to a special event I was attending, I opted for the shave which was a special delight.  Sure, all men should take pride in the way they look, and on this occasion, I was going to leave it to the professionals.  I was very happy to receive the "hot towel" treatment, and it seemed that no less than 6 hot towels were used during this shaving experience.I have used this location on several occasions, and have never had any issues.  The staff has always been very courteous and responsive to my needs.If you have never had the privilege of having a professional shave your face, through the four steps of shaving, then you are missing out. If you haven't had the "hot towel treatment" then you have also missed one of the finer luxuries of a daily chore.The haircut and shave will set you back $60.00, but for a day.....you will feel pampered and fresh.Should you need to get out of the daily routine, and want to treat yourself to a fresh shave, give these folks a call.  Reservations preferred, but walk-ins are also welcomed.NCFoodGuy
2	I like the idea of a mans grooming spot, and the hot towel was nice but after all has been said and done, I need a good hair cut. Which I didn't get!! To be fair, I think it was a new stylist.
4	I went today and had a facial shave and my head shaved (obviously I didn't need a haircut). It was a great Valentines Day gift from my wife. I made a reservation and had a great experience. Although I would admit that it was a bit costly for a facial shave and head shave ($52) but it was in depth and it took a bit over a hour. It couldn't be an everyday thing, but definitely a nice treat from time to time.
1	Went there and arrived @6:30 and the shop closes at 7:00.  Was told that they had no time to give me a haircut.  Have to admit that I have never been somewhere that if you arrived before closing would not try to accommodate you.  Must be an appointment only facility, can't say that I would recommend.
5	I've been going to this salon for roughly 2.5 years now, and I have never been disappointed. No issues with getting an appointment, never had to wait, parking is easy, and even a Starbucks close by! However the biggest reason why I go there is to have Kim cut my hair. She is awesome! My wife agrees that for the 23 years we've been married, she has never seen me with a better haircut. I've recently tried coloring my hair (yes, I'm that old...) and she's doing a great job with that too. I will never go anywhere else! (unless Kim leave there!)
5	Getting married in 3 days and just got the best hair cut of my life! Thank you Brooke, I had a great experience! One less thing I have to worry about this weekend ;)
5	There are about 2 million places to get a haircut in this area and I've tried a good few. Brooke delivers the best results period. She took the time to understand what I wanted and walked me through the cut before-hand. I ended up with an outstanding cut. The place is very clean, small and relatively quiet. There was good conversation and a good vibe in the place as the people clearly love what they are doing. For about the same price as any other "non-great clips" in this area (around $30), you get exactly what you want plus they wash the hair off of your head before you leave and a steamed towel on the face during the wash is a nice touch.
5	After the recent positive reviews, I gave Roosters a chance and setup a last-minute appointment with Brooke. She was fun to talk with and did a great job! I went for a haircut and then added a beard trim too, this will become my new usual since it's so much easier to have her trim my beard too.Not busy mid-morning during the week, I was the only one there.If you have a need for a cut, call ahead and make a reservation or check with them before showing up and expect to be taken care of. Things happen and sometimes people/places are overwhelmed.
5	I've been coming here for a long time.  Attentive service with friendly people that appreciate me as a customer.  I never feel rushed.  I always get a good haircut.  I love the hot towels which are always a treat.
4	So everything but the haircut is really good.  To be fair, I haven't found a Charlotte place for a haircut where I walk out saying, "Damn, they got it right."  Maybe it's my directions, maybe it's the shape of my head, whatever it is, it's just an average haircut.That said, everything else about this place is the best.  Sorry to digress, but there was small hole-in-the-wall barbershop in SoCal that had been cutting my hair since I was a little kid.  What I loved about the SoCal spot was you'd get a good haircut, some old Korean lady would give you a hot shave, massage your arms and shoulders, and trim your old-man hairs (nose and ears), and you could even just take a little nap right there if you wanted.  I've seen some patrons ask the barber for a cigarette - after that experience, I don't blame them.  You walk out feeling like a million bucks, and it never hurts the wallet when it's a solid dub for all this!This is pretty close.  They don't run places like they do back in SoCal, but the chick who cut my hair was friendly and it worked out well enough - I don't wear a hat all the time. Prob gonna keep going here for now.
5	I recently relocted to Charlotte from NYC and had the good fortune to spot an ad for Roosters near my office. I then had the good fortune to meet Brooke, who gave me an outstanding haircut and shampoo. We all know how hard it is to find a good barber. I'm glad to have gotten an early win on this one. Definitely going back. Probably every three weeks, actually.
5	I went to Rooster's for the first time.  I scheduled my appointment using their online booking service which greatly helped me keep my very busy schedule intact.  Taylor did an excellent job trimming up and shaping my beard.  I would gladly recommend him and Rooster's to anyone and I'll be going back this week to have my beard trimmed up again as well as have the complete head shave as well.
