4	If you are looking for a gym that combines high energy interval training with a supportive atmosphere, stop by Revolution Fitness.  Right now they are offering bootcamp style classes four days a week. In a week or two they will have boxing classes as well.  It's hard to find a facility that you feel a connection to, but I like this place and these people. It's not a traditional gym environment, but it moves at a steady pace and you will be sweating and pushing your limits the entire time.The gym is in its infancy, but there is a life in this place. We've all walked into gyms with people mindlessly going through the workout motions. Not so much here. We work. The gym is organized around a number of class offerings each day. You choose which classes you will attend and then, working with a partner or a group, complete the workout outlined for that day. The classes include men and women of all fitness levels and last for an hour. I wish I could say it's fun, but for me it's not. It's exhausting. If you are already in great shape, it's a solid maintenance program.  If you are not in the best of shape, this program will kick your butt. If you've hit a plateau in your workout (or your workout is nonexistent), a good butt kicking may be just what you need.The atmosphere is laid back and the people are welcoming and  easy to chat with.  And your instructor will know your name. They will be starting boxing, nutrition classes, and even yoga classes soon. They are open for new members starting March 4 (I believe).  It is definitely worth checking out.
5	My favorite place to work out in Vegas!  Great atmosphere, encouraging coaches, truly makes working out fun!! Also extremely reasonable pricing and convenient class times offered!
5	I've been to many gyms in the area and this is - for my money - hands down, the absolute best. The workouts are inventive and always changing. I always feel right at home here, as does everyone else, regardless of fitness level. Ray is a master motivator.
4	Been going here for only three days and I don't dread it :) normally I go to class and its this long boring routine. The kickboxing and fit classes are awesome. The fit class is cool cause its a different routine everyday. They have a set routine for each day of the week so if you are already going no surprises. Be ready for a workout! Don't feel intimated, if you feel like the workout is hard, go at your own pace. Once you build your strength and confidence, take it to another level. They push you but only you know what our threshold is.The other thing I like about these classes is that it's short. It's perfect for someone like me who has two kids that keep me on their toes.There is currently a Groupon. Try them out. You won't be disappointed.
5	My son goes to Revolution Fitness 2-3 times a week. My son is 13 and plays baseball. Ray (his instructor) tailors my son's workout so that he gains speed, agility, strength, and confidence. I've seen a transformation and much improvement in my son's performance since he has started training here. The gym itself is spacious, clean, welcoming, and bright. Ray is always very friendly, and he is passionate about fitness, and about supporting the people that walk into his gym. From observation, it seems that everyone who goes to classes there gets a lot out of their workouts, as there are many new things to do to keep your body guessing.Awesome place!
5	Best gym ive ever been!!!! high energy, high motivation, and very friendly atmosphere! if you're looking for a good work out and sweat out your fat this is the best place to be! go ahead nd try their groupon trial for one month! Nd i'm pretty sure your gonna love the experience at revolution! hella worth it! "....be stronger than your excuses!!!!!"
5	If you are looking for a "class style" gym, with high energy routines, knowledgeable staff, and no intimidation...then Revolution Fitness is the ONLY gym you need. I have been coming to Revolution since they open, and working out with many of the trainers and members before this.  Every workout is different using circuit style training to get the maximum benefits in a 35-50 min routine. Every trainer puts their own spin on the routine, making it fun and never boring. Cardio Kickboxing is also available, and such a great compliment to the FIT classes (must have your own wraps and gloves, which you can purchase there). The staff and members are always friendly and supportive. You are always welcome in the Revolution FIT Family. I love this place! It has been the only workout I have been able to stick to, get actual results, and stay motivated! Give them a try and you won't regret it!
5	I decided to try this place out since I had a Groupon. Man, do I wish I had found this place sooner! The instructors are super nice and they make it their business to know who you are. I've tried Crossfit and every gym under the sun. What 's different about Revolution is that everyone works together and cheers each other on. There's high fiving aplenty! The workouts are intense, but you are switching stations so often that the time flies by. Seriously though.....best.place.ever. Try it for a month and you'll be hooked like I am.
5	I LOVE this place!  The kickboxing classes are fun, fast and motivating. It's so fun, time just flies by.  I stay for 2 classes because I just can't get enough!  The atmosphere is fun and friendly.  The staff is very nice and helpful.  BEST gym I've ever been to and I've worked at various gyms and been a gym rat for 27 years!
5	I came in because of Instagram promotion - I've been playing basketball for 15 plus years and I've never felt so happy after a workout as I am here. I love my hoops but Deb has creative workouts each time and positively pushes our group. Totally recommend - and the island theme brings me back to my roots .. Mahalo revolution
5	Hardest part is getting there. Once you are there, they will push you to your limits, your body will react, then you will know what BeastMode really is. You will want to quit. They have a saying that "Anybody can quit, don't be anybody." Welcome to the Revolution.
5	....I can't say enough good things about Revolution Fitness...this place has more variety of people attending than probably any gym on earth...and because of that EVERYONE feels comfortable...I took a friend recenty who is not a gym person and she said- feels like one big family....if you are from out of town stop in and see how a gym should be....perfection...
5	So I had just moved to Vegas and was looking for a new gym but I get shy when working out so it's hard to find a place that works for me. I was on Groupon one day as I always am and saw an amazing deal for Revolution and thought "why not?" and thank God I did! As soon as I walked in I was greeted by one of the owners, Deidre, and quickly found out that this isn't just a gym, it's a community. They care about your health and want you to succeed. They have parties often as a thank you to the members, they do a first Monday where they bring in a DJ and you can bring a friend to class for free. When you walk in you are greeted immediately and it is always a friendly face. Ray, the other owner, makes sure to connect with everyone and at least say hello. It's hard to stay under the radar there which is exactly what I need. Sometimes I travel for work and they even notice when you're not able to attend classes. There is something for everyone and the BEST part of Revolution is that all the work outs are intense and a solid sweat but you go at your pace. I might be slower at everyone else at certain exercises but I'm doing my personal best which is the whole goal. Debbi, Candace, Deidre, Ray, Stetson and all the trainers are so amazing. I simply cannot say enough. I'm so happy I found this place. I now enjoy going to the gym and even call it my happy place. That's not like me at all!Thank you Revolution for being such a nice, warm place to go and burn off the extra lbs. :)
5	Visiting from out of town and I have to admit that this gym is AWESOME. the people who work there are very welcoming. The receptionist was a peach and encouraging and the instructor came up to me and introduced himself and shook my hand. After class the owner came around and shook everyone's hand congratulating them for their hard work. The class (F.I.T) was great and I was drenched once the warm ups started. I'm on a 10 punch groupon and do not regret choosing this gym. This gym alone makes me wish I lived out here.
5	My favorite gym ever! You walk in and it's a giant warehouse with music blasting as loud as a club.  Extremely motivating!  I love to take the boxing class then the fit class right after.  It's an amazing workout.  You pick up giant tires, do sprints, then push ups, they always mix it up.  Best 45 min workout ever! The staff is super friendly and amazing trainers!
