4	Tucked away in the back corner of Bounty Hunter you will find Express Pizza. You enter a dark tiny room maybe the size of a little closet, 4 or 5 people maybe, ring a bell, and wait for your doom. Really felt like the beginning of a horror movie, and no one knew I was here. A nice maybe elderly lady, blame the lighting, greeted and helped me out with the menu, lunch specials, and time it took to finish. They have a pretty good menu at reasonable prices from pizzas, calzones or strombolis, ribs, pastas, gyros, salads, subs, wraps, burgers, chickens, and more. Breakfast lunch and dinner. I ordered the 16" one topping pizza (Italian sausage) for $7.95. Tasted pretty good I have no complaints. The crust wasn't thick like Chicago or thin like NY but was OK. Didn't take a long time to make maybe 10-15 mins, all good sat in the bar area watching sports on the numerous flat screens. I'm definitely coming back to try the rest of the menu. I really didn't want to copy and paste the entire menu so you can find it here http://www.usmenuguide.com/expresspizzamenu.html
5	Surprised how good this pizza was. 16" pepperoni pizza was excellent and only cost $8.50! This is a steal. Cooked perfect, good amount of cheese and pepperoni. Very well seasoned. I will make this a regular stop. Pizza was ready for pick up at dinner time in just 15 minutes.
1	My buddy picked up a pie this afternoon. I would like to forget about the experience, but my taste buds won't let me. Got their 16" pickup special, half pepperoni, half cheese. The crust was tough and dry, except from all of the grease from whatever cheese they used. It basically had no flavor, except for some kind of spice it had that I'm still trying to figure out what it was. I wouldn't waste your time getting a pizza from here. They are located in a bar, so maybe if your drunk enough, it may not be as bad, but probably not.
5	I'll be honest, when I opened my front door and saw their menu laying on the ground I figured this was just another run of the mill pizza joint that would only cater to my late night drunk escapades when my taste buds have no sense of right or wrong.To say I was pleasantly surprised would be an understatement. I mean you can't have high expectations for a place named Express Pizza. Another confession, I"ve never tried the pizza (next on my list of things). So here's how much I like this place...I tried one of their lunch specials on a Saturday, seven days later I've eaten them two additional times. That's how friggin good it was. This place has a variety of lunch specials available 7 days a week. Major points their for not limiting their deals to midweek. First time up I tried the Lasagna lunch special after asking the lady taking my order if that was a good choice. She advised me that I "wouldn't be disappointed." I wasn't. The sauce was terrific, pasta cooked perfect, just the right amount of cheese. And for $6.50 it included a canned soda and piece of garlic bread (which was great for dipping). Next time out I ordered the Gyro (since my wife said it was amazeballs when she ordered it for lunch). Outstanding. PIta was so fresh, meat was filled with flavor. Tuh-zee-kee sauce, because I have no friggin clue how to spell that mess of a word, was awesome! I'm not a french fry guy, but theirs were seasoned perfectly and I ate a load of those. Third time up I ordered the Lasagna for dinner which included a salad. Had I ordered the food when I was drunk I probably would have wrote Mr. Michelin himself and requested he consider this place. Instead, I'll just call it an outstanding hole in the wall delivery joint located inside the Bounty Hunter bar. Two giant thumbs up.
1	Ordered the veggie pizza, came on time for a great price for something with no flavor. Cheese had a plastic consistency and the crust was bland. Sauce was also very plain. It seemed like the vegetables even forgot how they're supposed to taste. Fried zucchini was good though, whatever they did to the zucchini they should do to the pies.
4	We had once again waited until the local restaurants closed for the night while trying to decide what to eat for dinner.  The bf began searching the late delivery website and found this place.  $2 delivery charge.  We expected another random late night junk food take out place meant for people too drunk to know the difference.  It was a pleasant surprise.  I ordered the Gyro and a side of spaghetti for our son.  Bf ordered Philly Cheesesteak and fries and fried zucchini.  The side salad actually came separately in a different bag, not wilted as feared.  They gave us plenty of ranch and blue cheese dressing without extra charge.  The Gyro was pretty good, came on fresh pita bread.  The spaghetti was ok.  The bf enjoyed his food.  The website had saved the address of the last hotel we had food delivered too over a year ago and no one had called to verify so the delivery guy was lost at a different location...he was a good sport about it while the female owner called to blame us for our mistake.  Decent food, and if we decide to order from them again, we will definitely remember to update our address!  For being such a good sport, we gave the guy and extra tip on top of the delivery fee.
5	have you ever been aroused by food?  I have, and Express Pizza touched me. They give you a lot of food for the price. They don't joke around, I tried to make them laugh and they're very serious about filling your belly. Their wings are good and their pizza is better. they have too much variety...and that's good.
1	I called this place as a first time customer and I had a few questions!!Omg the lady was so rude!!I could not believe it!!!I will never call this place again!!!Always be nice!!Pizza hut just got my $40!!!Rude BITCH!!
1	sucked....   This is unfortunate because its extremely close to my house. But, service sucked delivery person spoke no English to the point he didn't know the phone number to call in and square away the order. we called back & gentleman or lack there of persisted to scream, and hung up phone..   Well, my food went back and hungry I still am.
1	I called in to order delivery I ordered the family special which was priced at 18.99, when the total came to $27.50 I questioned it.. suddenly there was a language barrier. I asked to change my order to two individual dinners because if the price difference. He quoted me $24.50. The driver arrived and was trying to charge me the $27.50!! The driver had no phone and then also conveniently forgot English. So I called the restaurant where we proceeded to do math and he suddenly got angry! I'm not about to be yelled at about food, I hung up on him. . Worst customer service ever. My food went back with the driver and I ordered somewhere else. I don't care how the food is the service SUCKS and I'll never order here again. PS this is the smokiest place I've ever seen, you need an oxygen mask just to get in
5	Great food. There wings are delectable. I always love their food and they are pretty fast for delivery. Thanks again for some amazing food! Definitely recommend for first timers!
4	Yummy food at great prices!!! They deliver really quickly and you can order through the Eat24 app and pay using Google wallet. I have never been disappointed with either the food or service here. I have to admit I have not tried the pizza but the Gyros and chicken cheese steak are delicious!!!
1	I got home one day and one of their menus was at the door. Ordered and here's my experience:The lady who answers the phone is not very well-versed in customer service. English is obviously not her first language and the way she responds when she doesn't understand you just comes off rude.The pizza was undercooked, the wings were greasy w/no seasoning, the fries that came with them were cold and rubbery. The breaded mushrooms were ok although too much breading.
3	Placed my order around 3 p.m. And I swear not more than 15 minutes later my order arrived. The driver seemed to be Russian or Eastern European, he was very nice and friendly, but I could tell he was in a hurry. That's understandable, considering how quickly he got my order to me and I appreciated that.  So as far as speed of delivery, I give them an A plus. I was really disappointed in my lasagna. The sauce was runny and liquidy and had no consistency to it at all.  It was like tomato soup. There wasn't much cheese on my lasagna and not much inside and I felt the portion was very small compared to other restaurants. The side salad was typical for this type of place so no complaints there, and the garlic bread was really good. Just how I like it, lots of butter, not over baked or burnt, and soft. I got carrot cake for dessert and it was pretty typical of this type of place.  I may try them again, because the delivery was so good and the garlic bread, salad and dessert was fine. But I would try another entree next time.
5	I love the food here great customer service The Stromboli is off the chain sol delicious wings and fries is great!! Just awesome!!
