4	I have to like this place.. this is where my engagement ring was bought.. well, it was put together.. because the story Im told by my very creative fiance, is that he wanted a particular princess cut diamond with high clarity..+VS or above... and a particular setting with channel diamonds.. My ring was given in the dark of the night.. :-) AND it was huge on my finger.. Jared has an onsite inspector who could tell me if bringing my ring down 2 , almost 3 sizes would mess up the diamonds in the sides.. My one downside.. appraisers are not onsite and only there certain times of the month.. OH make that a two downsides..I was to pick up my engagement ring after the sizing at a particular time.. I called to see if I could get it 40 minutes earlier..Just being impatient and antsy and had to get to Scottsdale.. NO call back.. Even though the receptionist said it should be ready and theyd call back.. Most annoying thing is when someone says they are going to return a call.. and they blow it off.. All and all .. I love Jared:-)
1	We purchased a three diamond anniversary band from this store. The ring was a little bit tight so we left it for sizing. We picked it up and it was wrapped as it was a gift so we didn't check the size. When I opened the package on our anniversary, the ring was huge. I took it to a Jared closer to where we live and they needed to take the size down ONE whole size. I asked what they would do with the extra gold in the band and she said they would melt it back into the ring. When I picked it up, it fit perfectly but to me the band looked thinner. I think they intentionally made the ring too large so I would have to have it sized back down and they would keep the extra gold. Of course, it wasn't that much gold but when you add it with all their other customers, it would be substantial. Then we took the ring to another jeweler near us to have it appraised. Jared told us it was an S1clarity but this jeweler said it was at best an I1....which is much less. We called Jared but they said that it was sold as presented.
1	Absolutely terrible customer service. The lady I spoke with was ignorant and extremely disrespectful. They are overpriced and lack basic customer service skills. All I wanted was a stone to be set and received flack. If you don't buy from them, they are useless when it comes to fixing, repairing or setting a stone. Save your time, money and energy. Go elsewhere.
1	Since I wrote that last review, I learned there is a three month period where you can return the ring for store credit. They did not tell me this when I called. This store is dishonest. Stay away!
5	What can I say? When I shop for diamonds, I expect a certain level of service. Jared definitely delivered. This is my fifth time buying from this Jared, and it wont be my last. Great service. Great products. Clean store with no B.S.
