4	Weather & Coffee is a wonderful little coffeeshop at the corner of Bell Rd. + Piestawa Fwy.  The place is artfully designed and has a weather theme (it's owned by a former tv weatherman).  The staff is always very friendly and service is fast!I'm not much of a coffee drinker but they have a nice selection of delicious, freshly made teas.  Their muffins and bagels are darn good too.  I would choose an independently-owned shop like this over Starbucks any day.Edit - CLOSED
5	While Starbuck's may be on every corner of urban America, it's nice to find a unique coffee house like Weather & Coffee can still exist.  This unique establishment has great coffee, tea, slushes and juices to drink, and has a nice selection of muffins, bagels, and sandwiches to munch.
4	Really decent coffee - nice, quick service.  They have a drive-through and frequent buyer card.  Too bad about mornings-only hours though.EDIT - CLOSED :(
5	Great *locally owned* coffee shop!Ed Phillips, the weather forecaster -- you've seen him on TV & heard him on the radio -- owns AND operates this delightful place to take a break -- or jump on the FREE Wi-Fi and keep workin'.While you're there, you can check out the weather back where aunt Martha lives, or you can plan your next trip - around - the weather instead of driving thru the weather!Nice people.  Nice service.  Good stuff to eat & drink.I just love supporting local businesses -- especially when they are as good as Weather & Coffee!
5	Weather & Coffee is now closed. They locked the doors last week without any warning. I've heard a few things, but don't know what's what so I won't say anything. But here's the official line from their website:"Weather & Coffee has served the best coffee, tea, smoothies & pastries for almost three years. We are proud of our products and services and have enjoyed serving our customers. Sadly, we have had to close down our Bell Road location. The rigors of being open 7 days a week is one of the many factors in our decision. But now we will have more time to devote to our family and elderly parents."It's a shame to see another small business owner go out of business. Support Local. Buy Local.
4	Aww, too bad these guys went out of business.  I actually only went there one time, I live in Chandler, so it's just a little out of the way.  But I stopped through the drive-thru and thought if I lived near-by this would be my coffee place.  Whoever took my order that day was very friendly.
4	Dear Weather & Coffee,I'm really sorry you had to close.  We had a lot of good times together.  Every time I came in, you always seemed really happy to see me... even though you knew me by the wrong name.  I may be Kelly to everyone else, but I'll always be Aubrey to you.
