4	I first discovered this place when I moved here, because it was nearby, and the best thing about this place is that it introduced me to tofu ice cream, and it was awesome.  As a lactose intolerant type, having to give up ice cream was sad, but worse than that, was the horrible substitutes that I had to try and dislike.  By far the tofu ice cream is my favourite substitute! It's the perfect place for a summertime cone!
4	I don't really have a favorite ice cream parlor but I must say that this is one of the better ones. As the summer is quickly winding down (yes, already!), do yourself a favor and skip the Bilboquet a block away and head to Bo-Bec next time you're in that part of town. It's cheaper too and has some interesting flavors! Come on, satisfy your sweet tooth! You know you want to!
5	Great corner old-school ice-creme shop. I'm here every summer with my kids. It's also next to my favorite park so it's full of win...
4	This is one of my favourite ice cream shops in Montreal. I've only been a couple of times, but each time I was thoroughly satisfied and wanting to figure out reasons to justify a return visit. All kinds of neat flavours, ranging from chocolatey decadence to fruity sorbet, there's something for everyone, and most likely something you've never tried. On my most recent visit I sampled the kulfi and was wowed by the delicious spices, and big pieces of nuts. I have a love/hate relationship with the location: its a minute or two walk from Laurier park, the ideal location for ice cream consumption; on the flipside, why isn't it next door to my apartment? Oh right, so I eat something other than ice cream during heat waves. The prices are a little more expensive than usual, especially for the specialty flavours, but this is justified by the high quality of the product. Taxes are included, which is nice. They only accept cash.
5	My favorite place for an ice cream in the world!This home made store is unbeatable, so tasty and really friendlyIts always crowdy on summer with full of kids and famillyAnd you have the great Laurier park next block if you want to appreciate your ice cream quietlyIf you have kid or/and an ice cream lover don't miss it
