5	Bragg's Pie Factory is a pretty amazing place.  Right in the heat of Grand Ave's eclectic art scene this former confection creation station is now a very cool, very open and airy art space.I rented the space for a modest sum to throw a party there for the Phoenix Fringe Festival's closing night and it couldn't have gone better.  There is currently a mutant pinata show going on (stop by, you can see it from the street!) and that made for a really fun vibe for the party.  The owner, Beatrice (go visit her at Kooky Krafts up the street) was very accommodating and positive about the whole experience.  Beatrice is an energy all her own on Grand Ave., really working to reuse and rehab the marvelous old buildings from Phoenix's former main-drag. The building itself is a giant open front room with other, similarly large back rooms which house local businesses.  The front room, the one we rented, is about a football field in size, stark white with polished concrete floors.  It feels big when you're in it, but we were able to use some select lighting (Xmas lights are your friend) to make the space somewhat intimate.Rock on Pie Factory, rock on.
3	versatile event space on Grand Ave., liked its modern warehouse feel, was here for Without Apologies show. DJ put on a great set, acoustics seemed fine. Paisley Violin is just down the street, as is Sapna Cafe. currently featuring some interesting art from Unwasted Recycled Rubbish Show. ample street parking.
4	I have a soft spot in my heart for all of my entrpreneurial friends working so hard to make Grand Avenue a great place to work and shop.  This was a horrible neighborhood for the longest time...and bit by bit, it's turning into something unique and a destination in its own right.I have been to the fashion show during the Grand Avenue Street Fair as well as the Mutant Pinata exhibit (my personal favorite).  The venue is roomy...great for exhibits and gatherings.  I also enjoy visiting friend Kate Benjamin's Moderncat Studios behind the main venue.The neighborhood is still up and coming and as a single female I do prefer to head down there with a companion.  I have been down there a few times when I've had to deal with inebriated street types who were probably harmless but disarming nevertheless.But the point of supporting them is precisely to turn the neighborhood around and change the element.  Be sure to venture off the main drag on a First Friday and see for yourself!
4	I've been to arts and craft shows, art galleries, and school dances at Bragg's Pie Factory. To me, Bragg's represents what has become a great community center. I love the space and location. When I hear that an event is at Bragg's, I'm always happy to attend.
4	Coconut curry waffles. An "E.L.T." with eggplant bacon. Rosemary apple pie. Rosemary potatoes. I'm saluting and salivating at the memory of them. The food here is damn good ("leftovers"? Not around here), and I love the pie-shaped layout of the small dining area. The only reason I can't give BFD five stars is because the location -- on an adaptive-reuse, industrialized stretch of Grand Avenue -- won't appeal to everyone, and frankly might intimidate others. The flavor of the surrounding artistic community beats the blight, in my opinion, but this definitely isn't the place for diners who like valet parking and pristine serviettes. But for people who want delicious food (it's all vegetarian/vegan, but I'm also a carnivore, and I have no complaints with this plate-licking-good fare) at reasonable prices in a comfortable, friendly atmosphere, BFD hits the spot.
5	I don't usually review places within the first week of opening, while they're still getting the kinks worked out, but I'm going to this time because it is THAT GOOD. Most of the stuff here is vegan or can be made vegan by excluding cheese. The decor is way cute, and the food is tops. The scramble is one of the best I've had, the sandwiches I've tried have been delicious, the coffee is Xanadu (which is the best in town), and the pie...man, the pie. I had this slice of cappuccino pie that was basically the pie to end all pies.Some of the stuff may sound a little weird, like curried cauliflower on a waffle. But trust me, one bite and you will be a believer.
4	This place is delicious. They just recently opened (same kids who owned Sweets 'n Beats) and their menu is vegan-friendly. I had the fruity ol' goat- almond pancakes with goat cheese and strawberries and their fruit salad (best one I've had in a while) for my side. This was AMAZING. Beyond amazing. I crave it and want it all the time (!!!) The boyfriend got the 'What the waff?!' -  coconut curry waffles with hash browns. His portion was smaller than mine, and was not as colorful but he was satisfied. Their lunch menu looks tasty, too, so we are sure to come back. They are only open until 2pm, so we can only come here on the weekends. I hope they expand their hours because the food was out of this world! The only reason it's not getting 5 stars is due to the hour-long wait for our food. We were there during the craft fair and their kitchen was backed up. Can't wait to come back!
5	I checked out this place today for lunch when I was super hungry.  Ordered the Sweets and Beats salad with avocado added.  It was delicious.  Ordinarily, that would have been enough to satisfy me.  But I was starving because I hadn't eaten in several hours.  So I ordered this beet burger (not "beef," but "beet").  I've never had one of those before.  The patty is made with red beets and a bunch of other stuff (I don't remember exactly what was in that patty).  It was topped with corn and other various tasty toppings.  It was also very very delicious.  The people there are very friendly.  And the lady who took my first order had the same first name as my last name.  Not that that really matters.  I'm just trying to be thorough.My friend Steve had salad and rhubarb pie.  He thought that was great also.  I said to Steve, "I don't recall ever in my life eating rhubarb.  Not once.  I couldn't even tell you what a rhubarb looks like!"  Steve was shocked.  He described rhubarb to me.  I think I might try that next time.  I've got to try rhubarb at some point, so I might as well make it an experience at Bragg's Factory Diner.
5	A friend and I stopped by Bragg's Factory Diner today for some vegan deliciousness. We were promptly greeted and invited to sit at any empty table. The place was bright and airy, with lots of windows. The dining area was quite warm. I hope they crank up the a/c during the warmer months. I ordered the iced toddy and the Early Birdito with a side of hash browns. Holy vegan explosion of awesomeness in my mouth. The food was scrumptious! The burrito was large and filling. The hash browns were crispy and perfect. The service was quick and friendly. We were asked many times if we were ok or needed anything. My glass of water was always at least half full. When paying the bill (which was only $18.50 for 2 people and 2 drinks--a steal!), I met the owner, the cook, and the pastry chef. What a bunch of friendly folks making delicious food!!!! I was too full to try any of their desserts, which means I will definitely have to return..and soon!
5	Great vegetarian food from a stellar staff. The vibe in this establishment is great, the service is solid. This place is a diamond in the rough on Grand avenue. Much appreciation for the awesome food.
5	Wandered over to Bragg's today after a long morning downtown.  Dragged the Carnivore with me.  SCORE!Crazy good banana pancakes with nicely seasoned hashbrowns.  A most excellent handling of eggplant on the E.L.T. Since we were strategically placed NEXT to the rotating Delightful  Desserts Glass Case thingie-ma-bob we indulged in spiced pear pie and grapefruit icebox cookies - YUM to the Yum.Nice little place.  Nice little menu. Nice peeps in front of and behind the counter! Super FRESH & TASTY.  Already thinking of friends we can bring here and impress with our new find!
5	When I was a young man driving across America, I developed a lovely relationship with Waffle House.  Now that I am a married man planning on having children, I try to eat fresh plant-based foods more often.  Bragg's Factory Diner is - forks over knives - the best vegetarian breakfast and lunch spot in Phoenix.  They serve everything a highway diner should: eggs, hashbrowns, pancakes and waffles, and an array of sandwiches.  Other than the eggs and the occasional slice of cheese on a sandwich, the menu is VEGAN, and they do not skimp on flavor and taste.  The kitchen staff must have been chemists before they opened, because they figured out how to properly execute a vegan BLT (using a vegan marinade on eggplant that is comparable in taste and texture to crispy, delicious bacon).Oh, and the diner is located in a quaint historic pie factory.  Much to my delight and Waffle House "nostalgialust" - Bragg's Factory Diner does have pie and they serve it from a refurbished 1950's style rotating pie-case.  Pie-case, now there's a device we don't see anymore.  Oh, and the pie is also vegan with a flaky pastry crust that will keep your slice intact and gooey contents contained.The coffee is delicious, the staff is nice/young/hip, and the decor pays homage to the Arizona days of yore.  Why are you still reading this?  Go stuff your pie-hole!
2	Heart in the right place ... kind of.We're not vegan, but we don't eat meat always.  Just because something is a novel idea, doesn't mean that it's amazing (see: all other reviews, clearly).  This review may seem a bit like a slam to them, but after 10 highly rated reviews, we had to give it a shot.The space is super cute.  I'm glad to see something go in, and attempt to help re-gentrify the area.  The decor is a mix of clean and diner - but not to heavy on anything, leaving it pretty neutral and approachable.  There are no meat products, and not that there has to be, but that cuts down your clientele a huge deal - bacon alone would change the game.Nothing stood out as "must have".  We opted for the goat cheese pancakes with a side of hashbrowns.  Here's the thing about pancakes made without flour and eggs - they usually suck.  These were wet, gooey, and sticky.  Nothing fluffy, airy, or awesome about them.  The hashbrowns were seeping in oil; crispy on the outside, but wet and oil-soaked outside that thin crust.  Coffee was okay, but nothing to write  home about (perhaps better than the average diner's drip coffee).I want to see this place succeed, but our experience was wonky and not delicious.  The service was a bit clumsy, and seemed like they'd never worked in a real customer service or restaurant establishment before.  In the end, despite wanting their 'dream' restaurant to work, it just felt like a bunch of Trunk Space kids doing their same ol' thing.  I hope to hear of things getting better here.
5	This place could not be better. The food is so delicious I wake up wanting it and I'm not even vegan. The menu is so unique with really interesting parings it is hard to choose. The staff is amazing and completely engaged. It feels like a place you can sit and sip (super delicious) coffee without being rushed out. It is very low key, relaxed and comfortable. I've been there MANY times and plan to return MANY more!highly recommend the goat cheese pancakes but seriously everything is to die for!
5	I've been hoping this space on the corner of Grand Ave and 13th Ave would be filled with something different, unique and cute: Bragg's Factory Diner is just that. The coffee is way better than your average diner. My family and I sampled almost everything from the breakfast menu and everything we sampled was delicious. The waffles were crispy but fluffy, the pancakes were perfect with goat cheese and strawberries, the biscuit was seriously amazing and probably my favorite item!!! The gravy had delicious jalapenos and corn and was better than any sausage gravy I've ever had. The service was friendly and welcoming, they let us enjoy our meal and conversation but were attentive and gave great suggestions based on what we were hungry for. I'm not a vegan or veg but I think about this menu all the time and cannot wait to go back.
5	i was  anxiously awaiting the opening of this restaurant- i'm not a vegan or a vegetarian, though i do tend to eat that way, but i enjoy good food and i really enjoy good diner food. we went there at around 1pm on a saturday- they are open from 7am-2pm and it was still relatively busy. we were seated right away- the decor is fun and kitschy. the service was very good- all of our questions were answered and our server made us feel very comfortable. i ordered the reuben- the marble rye was amazing! the slaw for the sandwich was both sweet and sour and i definitely couldn't tell the swiss cheese was vegan. my friend ordered the coo-coo (?') banana pancakes- he couldn't stop raving about them and was very pleased that the side of fruit salad he ordered actually contained different kinds of fruit. i'm only sad that i didn't order the eggplant bacon- my boyfriend is now obsessed with it! i can't wait to go back to try it  and a piece of their homemade pie!
5	Love, love, love! Not a vegetarian? It doesn't matter: this place is amazing, regardless. I went for the first time and came back two other times that week. The vegetarian reuben may be the best sandwich i have ever had. The beet burger rocks. The kale salad was so good that i've been trying to replicate it at home. The breakfast options are pretty standard breakfast fare, but really good. The curry waffles couldn't be better. A lot of restaurants have come and gone on Grand Avenue and in this cool little location. I really hope the diner can realize it's plans and get enough business to expand to later hours. Don't be turned off by the location on Grand Ave or by the lack of pork. Give it try. You may discover your new favorite Central Phoenix restaurant like I did!
5	If you are an asshole eat at Bragg's. It will make you a better person.
4	The prophecy has been fulfilled. I have been waiting for Bragg's Pie Factory to contain pies for the last decade, at least. Not only does it now contain pie, but delicious pies, just like your (secretly vegan) grandma used to make.Oh, and it's a diner with a stellar breakfast menu. Aside from the fact that the waitress knew absolutely nothing about anything on the menu or what anything was made of or what things tasted like (or maybe even where she was), Bragg's put on a jolly good show.First up: the coconut curry waffle, made with coconut milk instead of buttermilk and spiced up with a little curry powder. 'Twas creative and tasty, but could've used a little coconut on top. Next up were the banana flax pancakes. They were deliciously soft and fluffy and gooey and sweet... that said, I'm not sure that more soft, gooey, sweet bananas on top were necessary. Adding pecans, flax granola, or streusel would remedy the repetitive textures. And be generally awesome.We also tried the cornmeal biscuit with gravy and eggplant bacon. The texture of the eggplant was nowhere near bacon, but the flavor totally was. Smokey goodness: nailed it. I was most impressed by this combination in terms of flavors, uniqueness, and the rarity of finding such a typically non-vegan creation in a vegan establishment. For dessert: blueberry and blackberry pie with a sweet, crumby, soft crust. There were whole berries in the pie. There was no gelatin. There was pie in the pie factory... and all was well in the land of my stomach.
5	Perfect, vegan/vegetarian prayers answered. I have been here 3 times now and the food has been on point. Good prices and great portions, friendly customer service and they even remembered me. Their breakfast burrito with the tofu scramble is by far the best breakfast burrito I have ever had, place is very charming and makes you feel like you are at a friends house for breakfast. I'm picky and I can not think of one flaw to this place. Highly recommend!
4	Decided to chance it on Mother's Day.  Got there around 9, was mildly surprised we got a table right away.  Good timing, too - about 20 minutes later, the place was packed.  We were served pleasantly and efficiently.  Has a throwback look to it - it really is a diner.  Sure, everything is vegetarian, but their food should appeal to veggies, vegans and everyone.  Unless, you know, you don't like food.  They you're stuck.  I had the Early Birdito (with tofu) with OJ, my wife had the What The Waff?! with the potatoes, my mother-in-law tried the Frank Lloyd Bite with the fruit salad and my oldest daughter had the Avocado Sando with chips.  Everyone enjoyed everything.  I think the 5-star dish here is the waffles.  As much as I liked my breakfast burrito, next time I'll be trying those, or the goat cheese pancakes (which no one tried on this trip).  My daughter scarfed down the sandwich and then stole some of my rosemary potatoes.  the Frank Lloyd Bite is really more of a sampler platter.  If you order that, I hope you're really hungry.  All in all, a successful trip.  The previous description of it as low key is on the money.  Really liked the feel of the place.
5	It's so tough to find a good vegetarian lunch downtown if you just want a quick bite. Well Bragg's is the perfect solution... I tried their Secret Wonder Bat sandwich and it was delicious. I wanted to try every sandwich on the menu but their good portions prevented me from ordering more. I will absolutely come back to try their E.L.T. with eggplant "bacon". Just a great local spot for vegetarian/vegan options and it seems that they have great pies too!
5	really cool place for brunch - very vegan/vegetarian friendly. great service and fresh food options!
4	I've found a new breakfast spot! I was wanting to try Bragg's as they offered a lot of vegan options. Ever since I found out I was lactose intolerant, I've stopped eating waffles and pancakes, and have always gone with a boring egg option as it's one of the few breakfast options that doesn't include cows milk. We came here for brunch, it's a quaint little diner, with about 10 tables. They have a rotating desert fridge, which reminds me of the diners I went to as a kid and they had kitchy salt shakers of a different form on every table.I was torn with what to order as everything sounded good, so I asked my server what she recommended. She said the curry waffles were a good option, and same with the almond pancakes with strawberries and goat cheese. I ordered the waffle and my husband had the pancakes. Both were very good and we did not miss the dairy! The waffle was a perfect mix of sweet and savory with a hint of curry flavor, it really worked. My husband's pancakes were cooked well and were light and fluffy. The prices were reasonable too, two entrees and two iced teas for $20. I will definitely return!
4	Being a vegetarian and living close by, I have been dying to try this place since it opened.  We finally got there yesterday morning for breakfast.  Man, this joint is odd.  It's in kind of a light industrial area, and the dining area is a triangular room with about 12 tables.  It is decorated with some pretty odd stuff as well.  The menu is small with just about 8 breakfast and a similar amount of lunch selections.  They all looked delicious, but we'd heard about the coconut curry waffles, which is what my husband ordered with a side of biscuits and gravy.  I got the breakfast burrito with eggs, peppers, onions, and Soyrizo.  Everything we had was really tasty.  The waffle was unique.  I could have eated it with no syrup, and he agreed.  My personal favorite was the biscuit which seemed homemade with chunks of corn in it, and a slightly spicy gravy.  I don't even think I've had biscuits and gravy after being a vegetarian for over 20 years, but I can say, it was delightful.  The service was great, super friendly and quick.  We'll be coming back for more for sure!
4	The menu is somewhat small, but considering it is a vegan restaurant, I understand completely.I had the almond pancakes with strawberries, sans goat cheese (I'm not a crazy big fan of goat cheese) and a side of fruit. The pancakes were moist and heavy, which is actually how I enjoy my pancakes, as opposed to the fluffy but dry ones you find at IHOP and Denny's. Bragg's offers real maple syrup (as in, it comes from maple trees, not from Mrs. Butterworth's kitchen) to go with their pancakes, which happily surprised me. The side of fruit was more delicious than you would expect--they use seasonal fruits instead of cheap fruits, so my side of fruit included green grapes, oranges and blueberries, all ripened to perfection.I also got a bite of my friend's pie. I'm pretty sure it was peach berry. I'm definitely ordering my own slice next time!Cons: Small space.
5	Love this place! As a vegan it's nice to have another great spot downtown to go to but I went with 2 non-vegans who also thought the food was fantastic. The location is really cool and the service was super-friendly. I had the biscuits and gravy with hash browns and I can't wait to go back and try more!
5	I walked in this place and first thing I thought was, this is one of those places that should go in the famous Weird Arizona book, it is pure kitsch! Originally Bragg's was an actually pie factory, established in 1947, and one of the pictures on the wall, and they use the family photo approach with a multitude of family and weird Arizona specific images, is obviously of one of the original owners of Bragg's with his two daughters leaning on a Bragg's pie factory delivery trucks. The table in the place appear to be reclaimed wood, varnished over and every table has a unique, and kitschy, set of salt and pepper shakers. Beyond that, high ceilings and windows that let in a good amount of natural light an in the corner, one of those old fashioned display cases where the baker part of the baking and chef owner team, puts a variety of what I assume are pretty much all vegan deserts but someone will need to confirm.As for the food, ah the food! I had a friend visiting who prefers vegan food choices and this place was perfect for breakfast! You can get local eggs but there is always the tofu scramble option and instead of tempah bacon, they have eggplant bacon, which is pretty good. I had the Frank Lloyd Bite option, which has the most amazing pancakes, I can't wait to go eat them again and the hash browns, my gosh, the hash browns, so good! I also had a side of rosemary roasted potatoes since the biscuits and I assume vegan gravy, were not ready but they were great!Oh, and for some reason, vegan breakfast places always have the most amazing coffee, and this place was no exception. They buy the beans from a small local roaster and the flavor is unbelievable. It is worth going to this place for the coffee alone!Suffice to say, I have feeling deeply and madly in foodie love with this quaint little bit of weird Arizona with lovely, lovely vegan food options. I can't wait to go back!
5	A group of us were in Phoenix to hike the Grand Canyon.  Prior to leaving for the GC we wanted to get a good breakfast.  Bragg's Factory Diner exceeded our expectations.  I had the early birdrito....so yummy.  We also split several of the baked goods...delicious.  This is a fun, funky place with lots to look at.  It's run by a great couple and wonderful baker.  Getting to know them made the experience that much better.  If I lived in Phoenix I would be a regular for sure.
4	During week six of my eight week work travel extravaganza, I decided I was in desperate need of vegetables. Luckily, my boss was on board, which is where Bragg's comes in.This place is so cute. The menu is small, but covers all its bases depending on your tastes. I ended up with a veggie omelet and fruit. It all tasted incredibly fresh and healthy - but in a good way. Post-meal, I felt like all the business dinners and happy hours were a thing of the past. The dessert case was calling my name, but I turned a blind eye (which I might regret now). Loved this place. Give it a try!
5	Oooh Bragg's Factory Diner, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways...1.  I L-O-V-E that you try to avoid processed meat substitutes and more often opt for whole food options.2. DELICIOUS vegan breakfast/brunch every day you're open! (Curry waffles?! "Classic" tofu scramble with pesto?? Mmm)3. OMG you are open for dinner now!  (Helloooooo jackfruit barbacoa!)4. Nicest people ever as owners and wait staff.5. Fantastic choice of music always playing.6. Tasty specials and evolving menu.7. Cute and quirky atmosphere. 8. Vegan pies!!!!!!!!!!!!! I could have just had this one and been enough. I tell everyone I know to go here and eat here at least once per week.. it really is that good. :c)
5	I've eaten here a couple of times. It's good and the staff is very nice. I order the beet burger which always hits the spot. I will continue going back when I am craving something thats not too light, but also not too heavy.
4	Bragg's gave me my first vegetarian/vegan "diner" experience. I love the shape of the place (corner-style) and the street art views. The building used to be Bragg's Pie Factory and awesomely, they still serve pies. There isn't a large dining area so the roar is very low... buuuut you can hear everyone's conversation. It wasn't bothersome to me though and no one else seemed to mind. Now about the chow... I ordered the special of the day---huevos rancheros (veganized using tofu instead of eggs) and eggplant "bacon" on the side. It was delicious and I definitely plan to return for those veganized biscuits and gravy.
5	Love breakfast at Bragg's the banana pancakes and the curry tofu are my two favorites.  Always good food and they always have a special to check out
5	Family ordered banana pancakes as well as a scramble. Both were spot on, with the pancakes being the star. The iced coffee was pure money. Ordered a chocolate coconut oatmeal cookie to go, which was nice and fresh.   Good service, attentive staff.
4	The BF and I decided to try something new and different for breakfast yesterday and as I looked on the Yelp app, this place came up. The BF was a little skeptical of going to vegetarian/vegan restaurant, but I convinced him because, generally, breakfast is vegetarian. Let me start by saying that this space is SO cute! I love the old pictures on the wall, the green wall, the painting of Mr. Lucky's, and the large window walls at the front of the restaurant. I told the BF that this place could be picked up and put in Seattle and not be out of place at all. Secondly, the service was great. Everyone was friendly and our waiter was on our coffee, which I appreciate. I had the curry waffle and the eggplant bacon and the BF had the banana pancakes. My waffle was good, different than anything I have ever had, but I wasn't a huge fan of the eggplant....it was seasoned a little bit on the heavy side for me, luckily, the waffle was plenty of food. The BF's pancakes were delish....it had rum cinnamon bananas on it which were unreal. I would definitely come back here for breakfast again...I really want to try their biscuits and gravy because I don't love sausage gravy and this place uses a poblano gravy with corn (or something like that)....which sounds awesome, and who doesn't love biscuits? When we went to pay, we could see one of the cooks/chefs making the biscuits fresh in the back...so that's pretty awesome too.
5	I'm so happy I decided to try this restaurant. The food was great and the staff was really friendly. I had the portobello mushroom Ruben with a side of cole slaw. It was delicious. I can't wait to go back to try the rest of the menu.
4	If you had mentioned to me a few years ago that a group of friends were having brunch at a Vegan restaurant I would have found a reason to be busy that day.  One thing the friends I have made directly and indirectly through Yelp is I have yet to meet all the foods I like.  I chose a chickpea burger and it was good as was the cole slaw I had with it.  In our party of 10 we tried almost everything on the menu and every plate was clean at the end.  I think the only thing that fell short was the eggplant "bacon".  This restaurant only seats a few over 20 and our party of 10 was a bit rough for them to get the food out all at once but we were not in a hurry and they were very friendly.  They are also a bakery with pies and donuts and such. I would go back again.
5	First time here & we absolutely loved it!  My boyfriend had the Secret Wonder Bat sandwich and said it was extremely tasty!  He was intrigued by the eggplant "bacon" so he ordered a side of it.  We both agree with one of the previous reviews that this did fall a little flat.  But he loved the fresh lemonade and when he asked how they made it the waitress went and got the exact mixture from the baker so my boyfriend felt that more than made up for the "bacon".I ordered the Frank Lloyd Bite which was delicious,  but A LOT of food.   My boyfriend had to help out!!!  With this one,  the pancakes were by far my favorite but I also enjoyed the Rosemary potatoes and the bwiscuit & gwavy side!We'll definitely be back to this charming diner!!!!!
4	Food was great and reasonably priced.  Some really imaginative stuff on the menu.  Not everything we ordered was a home-run, but the Portobello Reuben was great and the biscuits and gravy were very good.  Staff was friendly, attentive and knew the menu well.  A previous reviewer talked about the wait staff lacking professional polish; that's probably fair to some degree, but it doesn't mean the service wasn't good... just different.  Location is out of the way, but everything in Phoenix is kind-of out of the way; hopefully that won't hurt Bragg's chance at survival.
4	I ate back here awhile ago and I loved that everything on their menu was vegan!! And very yummy for vegan too. Luckily I heard from a friend that this little spot tucked into Grand Avenue is great not just for pies but for an awesome breakfast and lunch. I can't even remember what I had because it was quite a few months ago but I remember I enjoyed every bit. Make sure to support this local business and fill your tummy with the delicious eats Bragg's Factory Diner has to offer!
5	I am from put of town and was thrilled to find a vegetarian place using the yelp! app. This place will not disappoint. The food was very tasty and there was plenty to enjoy. I had the almond pancakes and they were fantastic. All the food was delicious and the mismatched plates and different salt and pepper shakers on each table add to the charm. Highly recommended.
4	Go Here. It bothers me that there is most likely some crazy line at Matt's down the street and there are very few ppl sitting in this new diner this beautiful Sunday Morning.  Bragg's took me by surprise.  After seeing a fellow Yelper check-in to it a week or so ago, I bookmarked it, and put it at the top of my list based upon the menu.  I'm certainly not a vegetarian and definitely not a vegan....but the combinations of flavor, vegetables, and your normal breakfast delicacies make this place a No-Brainer to visit.  I had the Mexican Chocolate Donut, a very warm/fresh Cinnamon Raisin Scone, and the Coconut Curry Waffle with a side of Rose Mary Potatoes and Sweet Potatoes.  sooooooo good.  I'm so glad I went here .  Didn't even feel like AZ...felt a little like quirky Austin.
4	Pretty damned good vegan and vegetarian food for not a whole lot of green. Courteous and attentive staff. Solid music choices at an acceptable volume level. Kind of limited menu, but hey they've also got cruelty free pies. Space is also limited, but that just makes it easier for me to get work done while I wait for the delectables to arrive at the table.
5	YES! love it, everything about it, can't get enough.First, let me just say I love the location, and the potential for the area, gets me very excited that things are starting to really happen here.Okay so my family and I have been trying to get here for a while, but we are new parents, and our lives are chaotic at the moment. FINALLY made it this past Saturday, and we couldn't have been more pleased. Great service, fantastic food, our daughter had a great time as well, as Braggs and their staff are very kid friendly and capatible. I had the scrambler, and eggplant bacon (like NOTHING I have had before!) Great coffee, we took some pie home, and can't wait to come back and try some more. My wife isn't vegetarian and was more than happy with the menu, I am and of course love the idea of ordering anything that looks good and knowing that it will be prepared to my diet. Can't lose, planning next weekend around making our way back! Thanks Braggs and the wonderful staff!
5	Two words - Beet Burger. I could eat this 3/4 times a week.  Doesn't leave me feeling weighted down like a cow burger and it tastes great.Couple more words - Nopales Like Home sandwich.  Another flavorful and fresh bite.For the side I  enjoy the tangy and crunchy coleslaw. Yummy."Would you like some Cappuccino mousse pie for dessert?" "Yes please, I'm worth it."The ELT and Avamacado sandwich are superb as well. If you like mushrooms get the Reuben. I don't so I won't.AND the desserts are fantastic.
2	Due to Yelp - my son and I tried Bragg's.  He ordered an avocado sandwich and grilled veggies.  I ordered almond pancakes and rosemary potatoes.  I know potatoes and pancakes don't go together, but since the rosemary potatoes got such raving reviews, I wanted to try them.  I'm sorry but, the rosemary was burned and that charred flavor wasn't very flavorful.  My pancakes seemed a bit mushy inside too, so I wasn't sold on Bragg's.  However, my son's sandwich looked really good and he was pleased with lunch.  Pros:  serve breakfast all day in a quaint place for vegetariansCons:  lack of attention to restroom.  There weren't any paper towels inside.  I had to return to my table and use napkins.
5	Heard about it. Read reviews about it. Almost drove by it. Had it. Now you need to try it!  Had the koo koo pancakes and eggplant bacon. Did I forget . I ordered the secret wonder brat to go. Servers were great!  Food was great!  When I'm in the area or feel like a short drive "I'll be back"!
5	We first tried Bragg's a week or so after it opened. It was a thousand degrees outside (and inside, too), the place was packed, and we waited a lonnnngggg time. We hadn't realized that it was their first week in business, so we decided to give them another try once they smoothed everything out.OH MY GOSH.I'm so glad we went back this past week for brunch. A friend had posted that he had the best vegan pumpkin french toast there a few days before, so I was instantly intrigued. When I inquired I was told that they were a special item, and that on that day the special was pomegranate chocolate pancakes!WHAT.Needless to say, my entire breakfast was perfection. Homemade, not too sweet, not too bitter, perfectly refreshing lemonade? I'll take three glasses, please. The pancakes came out quickly and were cooked just right-still soft, but definitely done through the center, and covered in fresh pomegranate seeds and a light dusting of powdered sugar. The rosemary potatoes that I had ordered as a side were perfectly browned without being burned, and heartily seasoned. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.My husband ordered an egg breakfast burrito and toast, which he said was incredible. The toast that came out was thickly cut and looked so good I had to steal a few bites in between my own carbo-loaded meal. Service was quick, extremely friendly, and attentive. As it was on our first visit, the place was neat and clean and seemed to run very efficiently. I'm so glad we went back to Bragg's, and I'm looking forward to visiting again and trying their lunch menu!
2	I tried this place again because I was in the area and I needed a place to hang out and grab a bite to eat.  I ordered the curry coconut waffle and fresh fruit.  The waffle was very doughy just as my pancakes were from October 2013.  I informed the waiter and he took my plate and made me another.  However, the second was still doughy, but not as bad as the first.  I didn't send the second one back, but I should have.  I won't go back for breakfast the next time I'm in the area.  I haven't tried the lunch and am willing to give that a try since my son's sandwich looked great and he enjoyed it.  Stay away from the pancakes and waffles!
5	I just wanted to give another 5 STARS for having a wonderful experience and wonderful customer service this past Wednesday. Thank you, Braggs!
4	Ever since I saw a poetry performance across the way from this joint I had been wanting to get in and try it out.The first time I stopped in, I was greeted and told to grab a seat wherever.  I looked over the menu and was pleased to see that everything was either vegan or vegetarian (depending on if you wanted eggs or tofu).  I usually opt for the biscuits and gravy when I have breakfast.  The gravy is vegan and not thickened with flour so if you want it on top of something gluten-free, like potatoes, you're good to go.  It's not just any old gravy, no no, it has corn and roasted poblano chiles in it.  I like to get the rosemary potatoes as my side, but they have others to choose from.  I usually grab a cup of joe, which they serve with regular cream, almond or soy milk.On my most recent trip, I finally came in for lunch.  Excellent, because I  had been thinking about the barbacoa jackfruit and nopales sammich for a gooooood while.  Basically, jackfruit is a fruit (duh) that has a meaty texture and is very good at absorbing favors.  So, the jackfruit is slightly spicy and is topped with grilled nopales (cactus) and vegan mayo.  I will admit, that while it was tasty, it wasn't as good as I had hoped.  Also, on this particular trip, my server took my order and then never came back...it was a little odd.  Getting a coffee refill can be a chore sometimes, unless Chela (Chayla? Cheyla?) is working, cause she's awesome.I haven't tried any of their homemade pies/cakes yet, but I'm sure I will soon.  All of the baked goods are vegan...so it's inevitable.
4	I was SO tickled to find this place on Happy Cow!  Mr. Cake and I made a stop here on the way up to Sedona, and I don't  regret it one bit.  For one, the place is absolutely adorable aesthetically.  Uniquely situated in the corner of a building, it has a kitchy, intimate feel.  The service was impeccable.  It was a cold Wednesday night so they weren't terribly busy, so we got a lot of attention without them being overbearing.  We even were told history about the building and family, and were humorously corrected about our erroneous assumption that being a veg restaurant, they were somehow intertwined with Bragg's Liquid Aminos, a vegan seasoning with a cult following.Now, for the food.  I had the fresh squeezed lemonade which was the perfect blend of tart and sweet, and they even gave me a refill to go at the end, which was great for the ride ahead.  Mr. Cake got the "How Funky is Your Chickpea" burger and loved it, only remarking that he wished he had a more plentiful serving of the rosemary potato side, which he really dug.  I had the "Bwiscuits & Gwavy" (hilarious to say out loud - go ahead and try it, you sound like a drunk toddler) with a side of hashbrowns.  The biscuits themselves were large and perfect, but I was surprised with it arrived and the gravy wasn't at all what I expected.  It was more of a dark brown stew that had poblanos and a lot of white kernal corn in it.  It was not bad, but it wasn't what I wanted, which was the more traditional seasoned white gravy with what I hoped would be faux sausage in it.  If I was in the mood for what I got, I would have liked it, however, I was a little disappointed to not have to comfort food I was envisioning.  The hashbrown side was fantastic however, and was really cool in texture - the potatoes were shredded much more fine.  I was pleased as punch that they had Tapatio as their hot sauce, and doused my hashbrowns per the ushe.  Tapatio is clearly the most superior of hot sauces, with Cholula taking a close second.  Tabasco is an abomination and restaurants immediately lose points in my world if they have it.The food made us very full, so we opted out of the slices of pie we planned on getting, and instead got a black and white cookie, which I've not had in ages as a vegan version is not available anywhere I've ever seen.  It was great, and wrapped up the meal well.  Clearly, they are known for their pie, and this was validated as about halfway through the meal, a solo customer walked in and ordered just a slice of pie and coffee.  They had vegan gluten-free pecan pie that looked amazing, and I was sad that I didn't have room for it.I was just...absolutely charmed.  Go here.
5	Great little Veggie spot! Atmosphere is quaint and fun. Great selection of vegetarian and vegan items along with a nice little kids menu. Fun! Will be back soon!
5	I'm hesitant to say this after only one visit but this might be the best breakfast I've ever ate in Phoenix.  I was a little apprehensive about ordering coconut curry waffles but took the server's recommendation.  Holy sh** they were awesome.  They had just the right amount of coconut flavor with just a hint of curry.  I also had the biscuits and gravy which was equally impressive.  Heck even the coffee was good.  The only criticism I would have is for the price I think they could increase the portion size on the waffles.  Well...I do have one more complaint and that is that I discovered this gem only 10 days before I move out of state!
4	A vegan diner?  Go figure.  My friends and I were looking for grub after a morning golf outing nearby at Encanto.  I knew Bragg's was nearby, but admittedly didn't know much about their menu.  But since it was close we took a shot at it.  The place is small but easily visible on the corner of Grand & McKinley.  The interior is pretty nonchalant and seats no more than probably 15-20 at a time.  I had the french toast with citrus.  It doesn't look or taste like any french toast I've had before, but was delicious.  Their hash browns were good too, though not as hearty as I expected.  My friends had the biscuits and gravy as well as the scramble.  Again, totally vegan so no meat or byproducts in any of the dishes.  They too were impressed.  I knew this place used to be a pie factory so I decided to grab a slice.  The apple cranberry sounded amazing, but sadly they ran out earlier that morning.  So instead I had their strawberry cheesecake.  Again, its vegan so it didn't look or taste like any cheesecake I've had before (the strawberries were actually in the batter instead of on top), but once again a delicious surprise.  They take a lot of pride in saying they locally source their ingredients and scratch make their dishes and it shows.  The servers were incredibly friendly and helped explain the menu to everyone.  My friends and I are carnivores, but even we liked the food.  And if you're vegan or vegetarian, you'll go absolutely nuts for this place.
5	Wonderful place!!  Excellent ole-timey ambiance, warm service and delicious, interesting vegan/vegetarian food choices!  We split the Frank Lloyd Bite: savory, somehow buttery-tasting vegan pancakes + yummy hashbrowns + a biscuit with gravy (pretty yummy, although the biscuit part was just ok) + eggplant bacon (which really does have bacon flavor, despite looking like eggplant - yum!)and the Scrambler:fire-roasted poblano, sauteed corn and onion  (using eggs rather than tofu eggs) - great flavor! + a side - we got rosemary potatoes (light and good). We also got a berry scone and a whoopie pie (all vegan) to go - exceptionally delicious when we ate them the next day.  Everyone who worked there was realy warm and genuine, in addition to knowledgable and efficient.  Great service.We also ordered some sweet potato tamales for Christmas Eve - I'm sure they'll be delicious, too!I have to admit, I'm really stingy with 5-star ratings and usually reserve them for places we've visited many times, so this place definitely impressed me.  It's my husband's (TroyH) new favorite breakfast place!  We can't wait to go back!
4	I would like to start off by saying that I am not a vegetarian or vegan! Having said that, I would like to share that this place was really delicious!! I enjoyed my breakfast and I would have given them five stars if it wasn't for the long piece of hair that I found on my food! The waitress made sure that they redid the order in a timely manner!! I recommend it!
5	I ate at the diner last night, while attending Marshall Shore's Our Town art exhibit, and was pleasantly surprised.  I'm a pretty dedicated omnivore and was worried that the focus on vegan and gluten-free food would come at the expense of flavor, but that was certainly not the case.  Staff was very nice and the food was great.  I got the almond pancakes with strawberries and goat cheese with a side of rosemary potatoes and a glass of fresh-squeezed lemonade.  I had never thought of putting goat cheese on pancakes before, but I like it, so figured I'd give it a go.  It's a flavor combination I'll definitely be experimenting more with in the future!  I was too hungry to just get pie last night, but will definitely be returning for some!The gallery was a very nice space, as well.  It was spacious, clean and well-lit.  Perfect for displaying art.  The whole evening was amazing!
4	Liam is a great cook - but, I prefer it when he waits on our table.  We had lunch there this week and the service was just ok.  Not the usual "Liam service" we're used to when we make it down there with the kids for lunch.  The food is always great.  I would always recommend the sauteed veggies for your side - always delicious!  Tried my friend's side of cole slaw and it was way to vinegar-y for my taste... pure acid.  Anyhow, we love it here and hope they continue to be successful b/c they are the best vegetarian restaurant in the area (actually, we think in all of Phoenix).  Just get there early for lunch, b/c they get busy and the place is tiny (one of the reasons we like it, but it gets crowded!).
4	This place has been a blessing when I have had to work really late and I did not want to be relegated to Five Guys or Jack in the Box. I'm not a vegetarian but ya know, sometimes a girl wants to take a holiday! I have tried almost everything on the menu. I really like the chickpea burger and the beet burger (bathroom stool colors be damned). Not sure what seasonings they use for these patties, but they are always plenty flavorful. I give them props for the "eggplant bacon" which has a nice smokey taste. As for the dessert, one time I stopped in there because I wanted a vegan chocolate orange pie, which was really smooth and light. I now follow them on Facebook just to see what dessert is in the pipeline. I love the classic American diner feel with the different salt and pepper shakers on each table and the carousel for the desserts. Also, every staffer I've ever interacted with has been really nice. I hope they stay around for a long time.
4	The menu has a great twist, lots of options for every diet.  Don't come if you're in a hurry, the servers are sweet.  I got the classic with hash browns.  They make their own ketchup which is truly heavenly.  I'd definitely return!
5	Without a doubt, the BEST pancakes I have EVER eaten.  I will go back again and again until I have tried their entire menu, including all their pies.
3	A check-out girl at Sprouts recommended this place. It looked interesting so I checked it out when my boyfriend came to visit me one weekend. The menu sounded exciting. Vegan biscuits and gravy, eggplant "bacon," couldn't wait. So I got the " Early Birdrito" My mom got the "Koo Koo Banana Pancakes"My boyfriend got the "Frank Lloyd Bite"Now what we do is usually share, take bites of each other's food, which I find to be a good way to get a sampling of multiple dishes to get a feel for the food.The "Frank LLoyd" came with two pancakes, hashbrowns, eggplant "bacon" and biscuits and gravy. Pretty standard breakfast food. Nice fluffy pancakes, crispy hashbrowns, but the eggplant "bacon" was supposedly dehydrated although it was lightly seasoned and tasted like it was just roasted in the oven rather than dehydrated and was still wet. The flavor was eh.The biscuits and gravy were gross! No flavor whatsoever. That gravy was like wet, flavorless oatmeal, brown, chunky, sort of sweet from the corn. I'm sorry. I just couldn't do it.The "Bird Rito" was a standard burrito with veggies and tofu egg replacement that YOU could probably make at home if so inclined. I have a vague memory of it. Can't complain. It was decent, but anyone could whip that up.The best thing was the "Koo Koo Banana pancakes." They had a great flavor with the rum and brown sugar caramelized bananas. Now that was memorable. But the place is small and intimate, home-made, a real nice endeavor, but the food just wasn't that impressive so much that I wouldn't drive out again. I love that it's right there on the First Fridays route and everything and it's a total divey hipster kind of place, which fits right in, but I'm looking for taste, creativity beyond the title of the dish. It was just okay, worth trying but not returning.
5	The best pancakes! Everything is delicious here. I'm ready to burst from this deliciousness. Don't think twice about going anywhere else!
5	I'm sitting here with my mom and lil sister. Moms a carnivore, teen sis is a vegetarian and I'm making a slow transition to vegan. We ALL agree this place is the BOMB and OMG I'm coming back. I wanna find a warehouse apartment down the street so I'm not to far away. I've been missing a really good vegan diner since I left Chicago a year ago and now I've found a new home.
5	Wonder bat sandwich. Holy yum yum batman! Potato salad please. Peach pie to go? Why yes ma'am. Honest food served in a simple way by great people.
4	I'm not entirely convinced this is really vegan and/ or vegetarian food. It just tastes too good. I love breakfast food, and this place serves it all day! Woo hoo!  I heartily recommend the french toast--So good, I had it twice in a row. The hint of citrus with their maple syrup--yum!  I decided to branch out and try the waffles, they were delicious, but it is kind of weird to actually taste the curry part of coconut curry. Don't think I've ever had waffles that can be described as "slightly spicy" before. But you know--it worked. It's got kind of a 50's vibe going on, especially at night. The servers are super friendly and if they aren't busy, the food comes out pretty fast. I think we got spoiled the first couple times that we went there since we had the place to ourselves. I couldn't figure out why this place wasn't totally hopping, but when I went in on a Saturday afternoon, it felt like a completely different place--they were slammed, and they seemed a little overwhelmed; I was surprised that they weren't a little more organized-- though busy, it took entirely too long for anyone to even acknowledge us. I'm going to cut them some slack, though, I know they had recently put out a groupon, so maybe they really weren't used to being so busy.Each time I have gone, they've had a different dessert, and all I can say: WOW. The chocolate chili pudding (something like that) and the Peanut Butter Chocolate pie--How are you doing this without animal products!?? Soooo good. I also recommend the "Nopalace like home" if you are more of a sandwich person. I'm not, but I had a bite of my friend's and considered becoming a sandwich person...:) (Or rather, someone who likes to eat sandwiches. It kinda sounds weird to say a sandwich person.)Overall--great place, I will definitely be back again. And again. And again after that! :)
4	I never considered being vegetarian or vegan for that matter, but after trying the food here at braggs, I could see it being a possibility. I orders the "nopales" which is equivalent to a pull pork sandwhich, except this was all vegetarian made with jack fruit. It had the texture and the taste of pulled pork, I couldn't even tell. And for a dessert we had the strawberry peach pie. Who doesn't like pie. I would definitely comeback and recommend this to others. Oh btw the staff was friendly and very helpful. They were attentive in making sure we were comfortable and satisfied with everything.
5	Came here on a whim and have continued to come back since. Great food, friendly service and the BEST vegan nachos EVER!!  Try the Jackfruit barbacoa and the French toast. YUM!  I am in love with this little hidden hem.
5	Cheap.  Healthy.   Great.   Perfect breakfast spot for 2 to 4.  Had Sunday family of 4 breakfast there and waffles and pancakes were outstanding.   Kids grilled cheese outstanding. Highly recommend banana pancakes.  Rosemary potatoes underdone a bit and just okay. Scramble and grilled veggies very good too with eggs. I'm not a vegan. Funky cool.  Great find. Easy street parking.
4	Bragg's is located on Grand Ave -- one of the only streets in Phoenix today that has a painted bike lane (not especially relevant to this review, but since I like to bike places when I can, I did make a note of this street feature).  The establishment is located in a triangular/angular building making the layout unique. And the vibe and look reminded me of an old-school "diner."  The service was friendly and educational - especially to those of us who aren't gluten-free, vegetarians, or soy aficionado's.   We went on a Thursday evening around 6:30pm.  I'm not a vegetarian but I play one on TV.   Not really.  I just felt like I had have a disclaimer in place to prove that I came here, not because I have limited food choices, but more so because I wanted to expand my food choices (if that makes sense).   Prior to our first visit, I had never had soyrizo (Chorizo).   I thought it was delicious and have now replaced my chorizo recipes at home with soyrizo.   I'm sure my Mexican-mom would be able to tell the difference, but my hubby and son couldn't so we are good to go on the path to slowly improving our food choices.Our family agreed that the "Koo Koo Banana pancakes"  won the "best meal award" with an awesome flavor that included rum and brown sugar caramelized bananas. For those of us who live in South Phoenix/Laveen, Braggs is located a quick 20 minute drive from the south-west side of town.   We will come back.
5	I've eaten at Braggs about a dozen times, have always been greeted with an enthusiastic smile and the feeling of hanging with friends. My hands down favorite is their French Toast...so fresh and delicious, every time. I'm not a vegan or vegetarian but love having the options when dining with friends and family who are. The small space is quite cozy-a couple of times I've even joined a table of strangers just because they were so busy with limited seating. Met some cool people that way-they seem to attract interesting, open minded types, probably because they are that way, themselves. Eat whatever strikes your fancy-there really are no bad choices. Every plate is a winner! Go-and be a winner too!
3	The ambiance is adorable and the wait staff friendly. I was excited to try the eggplant bacon, unfortunately it was cold when it arrived. There was a long wait for the food so it was annoying that some was cold. The hash browns came out late and were bland and undercooked in the middle. My date enjoyed the pancakes a lot. I would go back to see if it was an off day but I think the kitchen may need more support.
5	OMFG. This place is AMAZING for vegans and meat-lovers! I love their banana bread waffles (GLUTEN FREE!) hash browns (different kind- compared to common hash browns--amazing texture in your mouth), and the eggplant bacon are to die for!!!!!!Sunday brunches are awesome. This place reminds me of Portland. Cool chill waiters. Small cute breakfast joint. You'll be happily full and healthy!
5	I have been here several times and each time it has been delicious... finally a five star worthy place near me. Anyway, I have been here for breakfast, dinner, and dessert and all has been wonderful. The best breakfast item by far is the koo koo bananas pancakes. The bananas are amazing and the cakes are also wonderful. The biscuits and gravy are good too, they don't try to make it taste like sausage, which I like, they let it taste like veggies. I also had the chickpea burger for dinner. It was good, especially with their bbq sauce. Also, the salad has an amazing raspberry dressing...yum. They also have amazing pies and tarts.... they had a chocolate almond tart that was so freakin good... and vegan....and gluten free....what? Is that possible??? Awesome! Definitely give this place a try.
5	I really don't like Phoenix. The entire city feels like it has no soul. Like Orange County without the beach. However Bragg's is one of the most redemptive things that Phoenix has in my mind. Great menu. Nice staff. Tasty food. Vegan donuts. Also, I really enjoyed the street that its on. Green bike lanes, street art. Not a single mall in sight.
5	Ok...I really cannot express how great this place was. My wife and I woke up this morning and wanted to go to breakfast, someplace down town. I am a vegetarian and my wife tries to eat "real food" and enjoys some great veg food with me. This place fits the bill for great veggie food and it is 100% real food, no fake meats here. It was awesome.  Highly recommended.
4	I really liked this place! I ordered the Fruity Ol' Goat because of my love of all things Goat cheese related and it was very good. The pancakes were tasty and the fruit on top was nice and fresh. I ordered the eggplant bacon on the side and it was out of this world, though I really would not call it bacon. Not quite sure what I would call it..but it was good. There were a few downsides to the visit. First it was really small, maybe 7 to 8 tables with only one big one in the middle. The service was not so helpful, when asked if there was a wait the answer was yes with no estimate to how long of one until pressed. With that being said its a place I will probably visit again, as the good points were really good.
5	Yummy vegan and veggie food.  Super cool staff.   My favorite is the secret wonder bat which is veggie Reuben.   This is my go to spot
1	I am vegan and I hated this place. There were very minimal choices. The server acted very strange. She was acting like a cat who swallowed a mouse like she was hiding something very strange. there's no comparison to this place and Green. This place is awful. The only nice thing I can say is the cook who took our payment was very friendly. The food was very unsatifying. We went somewhere else to eat after this because no one ate their food and we were still hungry. Don't go.
4	My partner brought me here for my birthday last year and I brought him here for his birthday this year. It is a bit far from us, so we make a special occasion out of it.This is really unique place with very unique food. I love the Curry Waffles and Supreme Nachos! My partner ate the this Red Beet Burger that was very special. It was really red and yummy. I have to ask them to VEGANIZE them because they have like 2 dishes with eggs, but they are always accommodating. The place is super cute with home-made desserts that are always vegan. Across the street is the parking lot with the most awesome graffiti that I always like to take pictures of. I love the area. We walked around the streets before and after dinner. There are little fruit and veggie plants that are being planted all the time in the front yards of the restaurant. I heard the owner walks and waters them every day. That is AWESOME.  If you drive a little bit, you will see a green bike lane! They really put a lot of effort to making the space very nice...The price is fair and reasonable. I do hope they expand their menu though. It is a bit small, but I do love their breakfast choices. It is awesome to see Vegan varieties like that.
5	I absolutely love this place! They have great food, treats, and service. I also enjoy their strive for diversity and the ambiance makes you feel right at home. This is a must stop and a regular place of mine now
3	Thanks to Yelp, I never would have known that this place was just less than a mile from work. There were only 7 customers including myself when I went the first time on a Thursday around 11:30 AM. There was only one waitress and she wasn't very attentive and was just matter of fact. I had the gluten free waffles. It was sweet and tasty, but it was dry. I also had a side of hash browns. It tasted good and crunchy just the way I like it, but it was drenched in so much oil. I wanted the eggplant bacon, but they were out of it that day. What saved my experience was the music they were playing which was late 90's to mid 00's ska and punk. I'll try this place out again because it's nearby and vegetarian and vegan.
4	This spot is so adorable. I've lived downtown for a couple years now and have never even heard of this place but glad I stopped in. Great vegan food. Best pancakes. The curry waffles are yummy and a must try. And they have cold brew! Bless their hearts. A Phoenix hidden treasure.
1	I am not really sure what other reviewers have been smoking, but this place is truly awful. I had the kale salad and it was inedible. My wife had an egg concoction that was supposed to be scrambled and it really wasn't. Besides which, it came out cold. The green tea was exceptionally bitter. Sorry, I found no redeeming qualities to this place what so ever.
2	Bleh! I really wanted to like this place but no. I got the beet burger and a slice of pie. The buns were store bought. It had no taste other than mayo. The beets were fine but I couldn't understand why anyone would choose to eat this. It's sad and sucks. The pie was decent but nothing is go crazy over. The crust tasted either premade or just sucky. Overall was just an okay experience. Don't get the hype.
4	This place is a tiny adorable cafe connected to the Bragg's Pie Factory building in the Roosevelt/Grand arts district. A little sticky because of the evap cooler, but very comfortable on this 100+ degree day. Service was prompt and our server was very friendly and helpful. As for the food...I LOVE that 95% of the menu is vegan. Awesome! My wife wanted to give a 5 star rating just for the pancakes. She had the Frank Lloyd Bite, which includes 2 almond pancakes, eggplant 'bacon', hash browns, and a biscuit with poblano/corn gravy. I already mentioned the pancakes. Fabulosity. The hash browns were fresh and perfectly crispy and not at all greasy. The housewife catsup was yum but unnecessary. The eggplant bacon was interesting - nothing about it reminds me of bacon, but I liked it anyway and it was a great compliment to the rest of the plate. The biscuit had great texture and served only as a vehicle for the gravy. The gravy was a lovely sauce, but a little bland, and could have used a little more poblano or punch. I had the Early Birdrito which came with a side, so I chose Jackfruit Barbacoa. The Birdrito comes scrambled with eggs or tofu, quinoa/hempseed chorizo, caramelized onions and peppers. Slightly bland with all the egg, but I added the Barbacoa and shazaam!!! The jackfruit is very convincing as pork or beef, and it was just the perfect balance of spicy and savory.We saved a bit of room because the dessert menu is all vegan. How many places in town offer anything vegan for dessert? Maybe 3. Braggs had 12 different baked goods to choose from. We had the peach/basil pie, a choco/coconut bar, and a choco/espresso bar. Each was full of interesting flavor and had great texture. The bill was $30 and we'll DEFINITELY be back.
3	Vegan, it was a new experience for me to order a vegan breakfast and I enjoyed it. The space and location is good.  I would love to have the building for my business.If you want to try something new, vegan, give it a go.
4	went to a trivia night event here saturday, and while i am not vegan or veg i eat that way frequently and have no problems with places not serving meat. great serveice, great prices, the dishes that our table had were all fantastic...they even had vegan doughnuts that were replicas of the cartoon version straight off of the simpsons. quirky place thats like nothing else in downtown
5	What a cute little diner! I love Bragg's. I've been here twice now. Located in the artsier part of Phoenix, this place used to be strictly a pie factory. I can't speak for the baked goods as I have yet to try them, however the breakfast here is divine.Order the "Bwiscuits and Gwavy"--I totally cannot bring myself to actually say it that way but do it! Not too many places serve veg friendly b & g! The take is unique--fresh homemade biscuits smothered in a creamy poblano gravy. Out of the three places off the top of my head in Phoenix that serve veg b & g, this rendition gives the others a run for their money! Service is has been fantastic both times I've been here. The wait for the food varies, I've noticed. The first time it was pretty busy so we waited a while and this last time it was pretty quick. It's great to see that there is another awesome vegetarian choice in downtown  Phoenix!
5	Very yummy. Enjoyed every bite! Service was friendly and welcoming. We were passing through on a road trip and our waitress wouldn't let us leave without fresh water for the road. So nice. Highly recommend.
4	Speaking as a non-vegan, non-vegetarian, non-gluten free, eat it if it tastes good type of diner, I can still say this is one of my favorite breakfast places.  The menu has a wide range of food with silly names (Koo-Koo Bananas Pancakes, Fruity Ol' Goat, and my current favorite, the Gluten Free Your Mind Waffle).  Each and every item comes from a carefully crafted recipe, and leaves behind any hint of healthy diet restrictions.  The pie, cookies, and even coffee and iced tea are all great.  The only reason a star is left off is that while friendly, the service is sometimes painfully slow.  We had to stop coming before work as it sometimes just took way too long.  Today it was far better, so this could be a staffing issue that's since been resolved.  Bottom line, everyone in Phoenix should check out Bragg's for breakfast.  If you've got visitors who are vegan, etc., this is definitely a place to bring them.
2	I really wanted to like this place since I have watched them on facebook with all their delicious looking desserts but that is all I can say was worth it. I tried the blueberry pie and it was very good. Now for my experience, we waited 45 minutes for our food in am empty restaurant which consisted of pancakes the circumference of my coffee cup and some eggs for 10 dollars. We really liked the biscuits and gravy and also the rosemary potatoes were good but the quantity of food was not at all worth it for the price. I was told that it is inconsistent so perhaps we went on a bad day but we will not come back with all the yummy breakfast places in Phoenix.
3	Awesome little vegan diner! Everything on the menu is vegan except they do offer eggs.. I came here around 7pm and ordered the French toast.. Delicious! Now this is why i only ranked them 3 stars..My friend and I shared the nachos.. Between the 2 of us we could barley eat half of it because it was lacking soooo much... My suggestion.. Real pico de gallo and more beans preferably black beans.. I've been vegan for many years and have tried my fair share of vegan cheeses.. The nacho cheese they used wasn't good.. It made me sick to my stomach after I left.I will be back next time I'm in the area to try out some of their vegan treats!
4	Inside each of us the Inner Vegan prowls.  If vegan is a word making you laugh hard or run screaming from your inner vegan like the crazed living run screaming from zombie attacks; if you're hungry for delicious food, if you're a fan of good pie.  Stop by Bragg's pie and put the Inner Vegan to rest.  You won't think of vegetarian or vegan the same way after dining at this excellent establishment full of Phoenix nostalgia.Some people I know come from families who believe chicken is not meat, and fish is what you serve vegetarians when then stop by for a meal.  When some people sat down with me for lunch at Bragg's, they finished everything on their plate and were ready to return.  I had the jackfruit and nopales barbacoa sandwich.  That spicy collection of bites looked like pulled pork or beef and was very filling.  I committed the sin of industrialization by asking for an artificial sweetener for my subtly delicious iced tea.  They've got agave and honey to sweeten your life.    They run out of choice vegetarian main courses early in the day.  It's best to stop by as early as possible.The apple blueberry pie had a very creative crust that melted in my mouth and flavors that will make serious bakers jealous.
5	I love this place! Vegan breakfast here is amazing. Everything I've had here has been awesome. The prices are so reasonable and the portions are big. The staff is always very friendly and accommodating. I've brought non-vegan/vegetarian friends and family who were equally impressed. The baked goods are also delicious- especially the muffins!
5	The nachos with jackfruit were amazing and the servers were really attentive.  Will definitely be going back to Braggs!
4	This is my goto place when I want a raw / vegan meal for lunch.  It's in a great spot on Grand Ave and has tons of natural lighting.  The staff is friendly and as awesome as they come.  The veggie meals are simple and priced just right.  A big plus is that they offer  vegan options without tofu.  I'm not a fan of soy!And if you like treats, you won't be underwhelmed.  Assortments of goodies such as pie, cookies, cake, scones are always encased in the glass display conspicuously placed in the eating area.  Purposely I'm sure so you won't leave before ordering one.
5	Love this place, I always get the Frank Lloyd Bite, which is a nice breakfast combo.  Their vegan desserts are so good, love the sweet and savory mix of their berry pies with rosemary crumble.  My only complaint is that they are not closer to our house!
2	It really bums me out to give Bragg's a poor review. The first few times we went,  we were instantly in love. The food was amazing, service friendly and the overall ambiance sweet. However,  the last two attempts eating here have been down right awful. Last time, it took 15 min for a drink order and then 15 more for the actual drinks. They were out of several things, so the menu became limited. Fine. We chose other items and waited. And waited. For almost an hour for food that came microwaved and cold and downright gross. We left.Thinking that was an off night, we waited several weeks to come back. Enter just now. We arrived for dinner and order three different things because they were again out of key ingredients. And drinks. There was basically nothing to choose. Sadly, we left unhappy yet again. And unfortunately, probably will not try again.
5	My wife is always on the lookout for places that cater to gluten free, dairy free and tasty menus. This place is awesome.  Delicious, unpretentious and cheap.  Jackpot!
4	Driving up you can't miss the retro storefront with random objects hanging from the knitted trees.A large parking lot providing free parking is located adjacent to their location surrounded by brightly colored walls covered in Dr. Seuss artwork.From the old time family photos on the wall to the random kitsch salt and peppers shakers, and the corner glass pastry case, walking into their establishment I felt as though I was stepping back in time.  I couldn't help but think how it would feel to live in Phoenix 15-20 years ago.While there aren't a ton of tables in the diner we were successful in finding ourselves a seat and sat ourselves.  Most of their food isn't typical fare since they don't try to replicate burgers and such.  Instead they take their own twist on things.  However, they're 'twists' aren't so off the wall that a person looking for something 'normal' won't find anything.Within a few moments our waitress was at our table taking our order. 'Koo Koo Banana Pancake's for me and vegan 'Bwiscuits and Gwavy' for my husband.  We took our time enjoying the photos on the wall as we waited for our food.  We also took a gander at the glass case full of cookies and pies.  Our service was speedy and it took little time for our dishes to arrive.I love pancakes.  Add in some sugar & rum caramelized bananas and I was experiencing a little slice of heaven.  Sadly my husband didn't have the same experience as he found his dish to be pretty bland.   I made sure to grab a few bites and honestly thought it was pretty darn good.  So, while he didn't care for his entree we both chalked it up to his personal tastes.
5	There are so few places in Phoenix that have good vegan food, and this place is one of them. We love the Bratt burger, and rosemary potatoes and every kind of sweet you can imagine. Specifically the "magic bar"!Oh, and you can't forget the pecan cinnamon roll pie. They have a real apple pie, not as good as mine though, but good...
4	we have eaten there a few time and haven't really been disappointed...we have done breakfast mostly and it is always tasty...great location...LOTS of parking...and great atmosphere.Area is trying to make a comeback but still has some boarded up buildings around it.
4	Went here for breakfast/brunch with a friend who is vegan. I had the early birdito and she had the classic (both made with tofu and a side of eggplant "bacon"). Both of us enjoyed our meal and the cute atmosphere of the place. The birdito is a hearty hemp seed chorizo, bell pepper, and onion breakfast wrap with good flavor. I had never had a tofu scramble before, and the difference in texture from eggs was noticeable at first but the taste was wonderful. The entire menu is vegetarian/vegan (all desserts and pastries are vegan), so it's great for people who follow those kinda of diets.  The eggplant "bacon" was not what we expected. It was really just cooked sliced eggplant. Good if you like eggplant in general though. Excellent service and delicious coffee (with almond milk) from a local roaster (Xanadu) made this an all-around great meal. Both of us left happy with our choices, with a tasty dessert for later (the gluten-free almond butter brownie is great!), and deciding that we needed to return to sample the lunch menu and/pie options.
2	First the good - the waitress was very nice and the coffee was good.This place is your typical vegetarian place.   We went there for breakfast. Not a strip of real bacon in the whole place. I had the bwiscuits and gwavy. The biscuits tasted like flour and water and the gravy had no flavor whatsoever. My wife had the pancakes with brown sugar and caramelized bananas. Although the bananas and sugar had flavor, the pancakes were as tasteless as a CBS sitcom. Next time I'll head over to Matt's Big Breakfast.
4	My mom, knowing my hipster-healthy dining preferences, recommended this place for a mid-week lunch together.  Everything we ordered was sublime! Simple, but the flavors were refined and it was easy to detect high-quality ingredients. We ordered the two salads on the menu and a side of veggies - we were practically licking our plates, and we're taking about greens and veggies here!! We finished our lunch off with a cookie and a brownie from their sight-for-sore-eyes bakery pantry - yummmmm :) Can't wait to try their brunch.Hoping equivalently quirky and cheerful establishments start filing up nearby buildings, as this area definitely has potential.
5	So incredibly good!!! All of the food is made with a shit ton of love, and maybe crack.. Because I'm addicted.
5	Small cute vegan place in what looks like a warehouse building. I ordered the beet brag burger and my husband got the avocado sandwich. I also ordered eggplant bacon. Everything was to perfection, I actually wished I got the avocado because was so good!! There's a lot of rosemary in it which made it even more delicious. The beet burger was on a toasted bun and the waitress brought out homemade ketchup they made that day, finger licking good! The eggplant bacon is eggplant that is roasted to a crisp..soooo gooood!!! Ask for their lemonade to, very nice. :))) can't go wrong here!
5	My favorite breakfast place! I'm vegan and it's hard to find a place I can eat with my boyfriend who doesn't eat tofu or seitan. We both love this place. Their pies are heavenly and everything is so delicous. You gotta try the the jack fruit barbacoa. All the staff are friendly and very down to earth. Very unique home style diner experience :)
5	Love love love this place. The entire menu is great, food is delicious and vegan. I am hooked on the koo koo banana pancakes like you would not believe. I pretty much tell everyone about them, except I cant really describe it accurately. I have been in the morning, wasnt crowded, and good atmosphere. They also hold simpsons trivia nights.
5	Bragg's is one of my favorite places to eat.  It is a bit of a drive but well worth it.  The place is small and located near some funky art galleries.  I like its atmosphere and there is ample parking.  Last night bf and I both had the Secret Wonder Bat with Rosemary Potatoes.  You would never have know there was no meat in that sandwich.  The combination of portobello mushroom with sauer-apple-kraut made it exceptionally flavorful.   I followed that with a chocolate almond torte.  I like the sandwich better but I wouldn't knock the torte.  Next time I plan to try one of their vegan pies which they are more known for. If you are looking for good vegan eateries, put this one on your list.   I'll be back for sure.
1	I'm am SO DONE w/ this damn place! First the hours screwed me on Yelp since I drove out of my way one night when they stated they were opened till midnight. THEN tonight, on a Thursday night, I make the drive at around 6PM and they are CLOSED!!! WTF!!! WHY? This is just so sad! I try to support local business but they just close whenever they want!
5	Had a free morning and decided to finally stop into Bragg's Factory Diner. The weather was so nice I we almost sat out side to eat. But decided on dining inside. This is a cute and cozy spot, each coffee cup is different and each table has cute and quirky salt and pepper shakers. My husband got the Frank Lloyd Bite and I got the Koo-Koo Bananas Pancakes with a side of Jackfruit Barbacoa both meals were delicious! The Jackfruit Barbacoa was very well seasoned and the pancakes were so light and fluffy. My husband is not a plant based eater but he joined me he enjoyed his food also. I can't wait to go back for lunch and try one of the sandwiches they offer. They also have tempting baked goods offered up daily and of course I ended up taking a coconut cookie and a chocolate peanut butter brownie to go.
4	Well let me start by saying I am not a vegan.....however since my wife is we had to try this place. I must say I wasn't disappointed. The establishment is a little on the small side and it was a little warm when we first walked in.....but I think they finally turned the A/C up and then it was very comfortable. This Diner is very unique.....with very funky salt and pepper shakers and resides in a quaint little neighborhood. Be advised it can be a little tricky to find because again it is not very big. However if you look for the poles wrapped in blankets.....(that's right the actual phone poles) and look for a little sign that points to the place you will easily spot it. There is plenty of FREE parking so that should not be an issue at all for anyone visiting this locale.When we walked into the establishment we were greeted immediately and the staff and service were simply delightful. You must have the PANCAKES.....they are some of the best I have EVER had and they are VEGAN. I was completely shocked by how good they were and I am VERY PICKY when it comes to Pancakes. The hash browns are also a must have......along with there pastries which by the way this Diner is really known for. It appears this used to be a place to come for good PIE and coffee.....they even have a special on Friday for both items. Speaking of the coffee it was just okay.....I didn't find anything special about it.While I may not find myself coming back here just simply due to the proximity of my apartment......I am very glad we tried the place out and would highly recommend this place to any and all VEGAN lovers. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!!!!
4	I've been frequenting Bragg's for over a year now.  I love their vegan pancakes, especially the almond pancakes, which are made with almond milk (they do not contain actual almonds), which makes them sweeter. (Vegans should order them without the goat cheese topping.)  Those banana pancakes aren't half-stepping either! I'm also a big fan of their biscuits and gravy. Large southern-style biscuits, topped with a savory, corn-filled gravy. So good!What I do not like are their sides. The hashbrowns are really stringy and I can't taste any potato in them. It's weird. But my DD loves them, so maybe it's just me. I'm not a fan of the eggplant bacon, which lacks flavor. Maybe if they fried them to a crisp and added some seasoning?  Rosemary potatoes are decent, but bland as well. On my last visit, I tried the Jackfruit Barbacoa. It was ok, but the tabasco sauce (or whatever hot sauce they dosed it in) drowned out any real flavor, so all I tasted was heat. I love spicy thangs, but only when they're equally flavorful.  The potato salad is probably my favorite side item, but it contains peas, which I do not like, so... But hey, there's always fresh fruit. Can't go wrong with that!This IS a pie factory, so can we talk about the desserts?!  YASSSSS!  Where to start? Cookies, pies, donuts, whoopie-pies, brownies, cakes, etc.  I've loved every thing I've ever tried in that dessert case!  They had vegan lemon bars the last time I went, and OMG - it was amazing! I need to ask about ordering a batch of those just on GP.   You can order affordable whole cakes and pies for the holidays, or just because!It's a funky/hip little veg*n diner.  They do serve animal-eggs and cheeses, and the menu isn't marked vegan vs vegetarian, so if you have questions just ask. I'm 99% positive that I was told that ALL of the desserts are vegan though.  They had really cool activities like karaoke nights, game nights, and other events this past summer, and food specials were available during those times.Prices are already reasonable, but you can also find Groupon deals quite frequently. They have a private parking lot across the street, so there's no stress in trying to find a parking spot. Open late.
5	This place is one of the best vegan restaurants in Phoenix. Hands down. The food was terrific, I had the Bwiskits and Gwavy. My wife had the banana rum pancakes. I don't think I've had such a great brunch in a very long time. My biscuits were fluffy and not dense, and the poblano gravy was very satisfying. My wife's pancakes were absolutely delicious - the rum banana glaze was extra tasty. My only negative for this place is that there was not much seating, which means you need to get here early! I highly recommend this place, Vern of not, you will leave here happy and full.
1	The wait here is ridiculous. 50 minutes?! Never coming here again. Late for work thanks.
4	As much as I thought the food was rather mediocre, I thought the service was amazing. The servers were nice and were checking in with me frequently. They had an extensive bakery menu, and everything was vegan and homemade. I had the gluten free pancakes, which were okay, and the potatoes on the side almost tasted a bit burnt. However, the service was so great that I gave this place 4 stars instead of 3.
5	Another reason to forego the hormone infested meat products of SAD (Standard American Diet)......How can you not consider veggie food when more places in the valley show up like Braggs? Good, filling food without the animal product (or i should say no meat...there are some sandwiches with cheese if you want). I had the Reuben....delicious, hearty mushrooms with sauerkraut on rye bread and a side of bbq breadfruit (which if you haven't tried bread/jack fruit, this is possibly the best way i've ever eaten bread/jackfruit).  the indoor dining area is small but cozy, although i came out smelling like the food i just ate. the surrounding area is full of local artist flair and kitsh(which we don't get much of here in our hood of scottsdale).lots of items on the menu....delicious options from breakfast, lunch, and brunch. and even pies!wow...another superb healthy option for us in town.
4	Best. Pie. Ever. Love their vegan nacho cheese. The southwest/vegan take on biscuits and gravy was too sweet for my tastes. I appreciate the concept of this business and want to support them. However, it seems like about half of the menu items I've tried just aren't what my taste buds are looking for. I'll keep going back and trying new things though. They can be quite packed around weekend brunch time and they are a small establishment.
5	Drove 30 min and did not disappoint ! Came in for breakfast and had the frank Lloyd bite. It was delicious . Definitely coming again. Fresh food wonderful customer service very welcoming
4	So glad I finally got to visit Bragg's - it's close to work AND it's delicious. Such a fan, and I will be back!Went with a bunch of coworkers, all omnivores (I'm the only veg), and we all (mostly) ordered something different. A rundown:2 Chickpea burgers with rosemary potatoes: verdict? Delicious! The burger wasn't too dry OR too mushy, which is a real compliment. So many times I've had places try to make their burgers moist, which usually results in a mushy, unappetizing pile. Not Bragg's! They know how to make a solid chickpea burger.Also, chickpea burger?! So clever, and so much better than the standard black bean burgers I'm used to ordering. Score!I only wish I had more rosemary potatoes, but that's just me being greedy. They were SO good - on the crunchy side, but I like crunchy potatoes!One person ordered the ELT (eggplant, lettuce and tomato), and she really liked it. We all tried a side of the eggplant bacon. Now, I don't like eggplant. At all. But this was surprisingly good! It was decently crunchy, but the marinade made it. BBQ-tasting sauce FTW!On to the good part: the desserts!Cookies - fabulous. Order them all. Eat all the cookies!!!Magic bar - all right. I thought it was good, but my bf thought it was a little dry. Peanut Butter Pie - OMG I'm so glad I only tried a bite, because it was TOO good. Eat all the Peanut Butter Pies good. Get it!Fruit pies - we ordered two, and I can't for the life of me remember what they were. Not a fruit person (yeah, I know, it's weird). However, the fruit pies were really good! Fresh, fruity, good crust.Pecan pie - now, I didn't try this one, but I gave it to my parents to try. They said it was too gritty... :-/ I didn't even tell them it was vegan, so I have to assume they're right.Stick to the fruit and peanut butter pie if you don't want an unhappy surprise. Those I can guarantee!My total, for a chickpea burger + drink + 1 cookie + magic bar + pecan pie + tip came to $25. Not bad considering how much food I consumed/shared/brought home. Also, service here is a bit slow but very friendly. Go with a little bit of time to spare, but not a whole lot. Try to go early if you're going at lunch because it gets crowded and there's not a lot of space.4 stars because I have to go back and give that pecan pie a second chance ;)
5	1. I do NOT do veggies...pizza is ALWAYS meat lovers,   I'm the girl who consistently tells waitstaff to remove anything beyond corn, peas, or green beans.That said my family MADE me try Bragg's a little over a year ago...and I stayed "safe" ordering French toast...um, WOW!!!! I didn't even use syrup it was so yummy!!!Since then, I have eaten here about every 4-6 weeks (STILL not big on veggies--but at Bragg's they don't taste like veggies!!!)I love the the banana bread waffles, the curry waffles, the pancakes, the French toast, the nachos, the barbacoa, the chick pea burger (I LOVE getting the chick pea burger with a bit of barbacoa on top!!!! OMG OMG OMG!!!!)I haven't even TOUCHED on the amazing baked goods--RAW BROWNIES--who knew??? And the Amazing Bars remind me of my Nana's homemade yumminess, and each time I go in, there seems to be some new twist on donuts!!! 2.  This is an old fashioned cafe...a REAL mom & pop place!!! It's quirky, it's fun, GREAT music, an eleclectic customer base!!!  I've read reviews about extended wait times and "off" days...I haven't experienced either...but, being a business minded person, it kinda makes sense--I'm guessing these kids have put it all on the line to recreate veggies--and they've done a darned good job of it (again, I do not do veggies--but here, I don't know what they do, but my heart and arteries LOVE them for it)3.  Go, try...if it seems to be an off day; give it another try...if you're in a huge rush; maybe call ahead to order???  I've done this for work lunches and quick stop dinners, and it has worked for me.Good job guys...keep it up!!
3	This place was ok. The service was great but the selection was extremely limited and the food was mediocre... not bad just not as great as I was expecting. I may go back but probably not as I have been to other vegan places with better food and a better selection.
4	The atmosphere is casual and very cute. If your going for breakfast you have to try "the classic" it was amazing!! My only complaint was that it took FOREVER to get our food. It might have been a fluke because I didn't see anyone else comment about it. Regardless we will definitely go back! I want to try their vegan nachos!
1	Don't let the other reviews and their website fool you.  Bragg's is an hour away from where I live and I will never ever return.  The food was mediocre at best.  Heavily oiled and lacking in creativity and flavor.  I ordered the Frank Lloyd Bite and was served an unappetizing plate of hash browns that were swimming in oil, eggplant bacon that was also drenched in oil and inedible, a doughy undercooked biscuit, and pancakes that automatically came topped with a mystery fake butter that when I asked our server about it he replied "I dunno, not butter" and then with some resistance he returned to inform me that it was an oil based butter like spread.  No water or coffee refill until we had finished our meal and had to ask for it.  Overall an unpleasant experience with bad food and poor service.  There are much better establishments for vegan fare in the Phoenix area.*Update...Three hours later and I now have an extremely upset stomach due to the high amount of oily grease in the food.  Stay Away!!!
5	Finding good, reasonably priced vegan food in Phoenix just got easier for me!Don't let the funky grand avenue address put you off; it's easy to find and there's ample parking.Go for the food! It's terrific. I had the "nopales like home"; it's made with grilled no pales (cactus) and barbequed jackfruit (a starchy fruit with a meat like texture). My beloved had the ELT. I was happier than he -- the sandwich was spicy and filling. He would have liked the eggplant in his sandwich to be a bit more crispy, but he enjoyed it, nevertheless.We even tried their pies. We had the peach/almond. It was a sweet end to a nice meal.I am very glad to have tried this place. We'll be back.
1	This place is incredibly small, they only have enough seating for about 14 to 16 people, if even that. Was not able to grab a seat for two people, hopefully when an establishment advertises they have adequate seating to meet demand or at least look into expanding to a bigger place.
4	YUM!My husband took me here on one of our very few nights out.  First Fridays in Phoenix, made the restaurant very busy, the waitress was friendly, and the food delicious.
