4	Nothing special---especially the location---but good service and good food at reasonable prices.
3	This place is utterly confusing! The name Rude Lounge and Tiki like branding outside makes you think there may be some Pan Pacific fare on the menu or perhaps Jamaican...like "Jamaican Rude Boy" Buck! Buck! Buck! But I digress. Traveling with my colleagues - cold and hungry we were in search of a good warm meal before heading back to the hotel (Waterloo Inn) more on that in another review...We stumbled upon Rude Lounge, read the menu and decided to take the plunge. Well I clearly didn't read the menu carefully enough...it was all over the place which is usually a telltale sign that they don't do anything well. It's like serving peanut butter and jelly sandwiches appetizers, red wine, salmon croquettes, pizza for the main course and tiramisu for desert. After reading the menu: mussels in a curry cream sauce (say what?), jambalaya, penne pasta, steak & fries, coconut shrimp and quesadillas, I chose the pasta figuring that its easy to make and hard to mess up. I was right. It was decent - nothing to brag about and nothing I'd order again. we ordered some fried goat cheese and garlic bread for an appetizer, lemonade to wash it down and decaf espresso to top it all off. I asked the waitress if she knew why it was called Rude Lounge because well frankly I was still confused. She started off with, "In ancient times..." I knew she was pulling my leg. She had a good attitude - far from rude. So I'd like rename this place and call it...dun dun dun dah...The Confused Lounge! Featuring Creole Asian French Mexican fare Canadian style! Try to lump all of those together and you get crasianfremex! First of it's kind...
1	The best thing about this place is the location. Really easy to get to with a lot of parking. But the food and service are really lacking. Menu was typical and bland AND typical North American cuisine. We definitely expected something a little more colorful with a name like that. The service was also spotty. The restaurant wasn't busy yet it took a few minutes to seat us, never mind serve us (and we were a group of two). I sent my food back twice: once because it was cold and the second time because the meat sauce was missing (after being sent back for heating). All in all, money not well spent. This place is pretty pricey for the area and has nothing of value to offer.
1	I have visited here on two occasions. Once to have lunch and once to hang out at the bar and watch the game.The location is great. The parking is free (and close). The decoration is fun, if pointless and unnecessary.The food is average. Nothing special, nothing overly notable. It comes in a fair amount of time and (mostly) hot. But you get what you pay for, and I can't hold that against them.On my last visit, however, my "meh" attitude towards this place changed. A few of us gents sat at the bar watching the game. Firstly, it seems the kitchen staff was confused as to who was working and rotated through the end of the bar with a plate of food and a beer, following the game. They were a rowdy bunch. Not what you expect from the restaurant staff on a relatively subdued night at the bar. Secondly, as the night progressed, three couples sat at the bar not far from us. The ladies were drinking martinis of some species or another. We watched the bartender short-pour two rounds of drinks to them (he was half-filling the shot glass with vodka and simply adding extra soda) before we decided to leave (and take our tip with us).It is completely unacceptable to me that an establishment charging $9 for a martini would supply a mediocre-at-best bartender who was short-pouring drinks. I forgot to mention that he had issues with which wine was which (the bottles do have labels on them) and couldn't pour a beer with proper head to save his life.I won't be back, and I regularly suggest that people I know spend less money elsewhere for better.
2	Known for their mussels, the Rude Native is alright.I'll tell you what I like about the Rude Native. It's bright and colourful, they have a patio and the restaurant itself has kind of a funky trendy feel to it. The appetizer menu doesn't have much worth sharing when you have someone in your group that prefers to avoid sea food. The main menu is small but the couple things I've sampled have been okay. This time around we ended up ordering the Quesadillas and Flat Bread to share. I did like the coffee bbq sauce or the Flat Bread but the rest of it was just okay.Overall, nothing too wrong with this place but nothing great about it either (says the girl who isn't crazy about mussels). I'd try Waterloo's other restaurants over this one given the choice.
2	pricey for the portions, while the ambiance is nice enough. it took forever to get our meal out. out server tried to stay on top of it but it seemed like he was teh only one manning the place. we were wondering if he was the one preparing the meals as well. not sure if it was jsut an off day but it seems like its trending about the same on here. too bad i didnt get to check it out first before trying it out.
1	This place is indeed closed. Some of the laziest service staff in town, who would ignore you for a good ten to fifteen minutes after you walked in and waited to be acknowledged. Another place would do well in this prime location.
1	Indifferent service, 1 hour wait for food, at least it was empty enough (deserted) to be seated quickly.  Pad Thai like noodles with peanut butter, hamburger dry and over cooked. Salads seemed ok.  No kids meals of any kind nor interest in accommodating.  Go to Bauer Kitchen or anywhere else for lunch.
