4	Thank you, Misti, for reminding me just -where- was my review for this place!? I thought the name of the business was Donut Tyme, not Time. No matter, i'll get cracking on my review!A family-owned donut shop, and very good, when you are there at the right time! Working swing-shift for 11 years, and living in the general area, i'd get donuts from here weekly. I live on the other side of town, the past few years, so I get them quite infrequently now. But,  while they are 24/7, they make the goodies in the middle of the night and that's IT. If you get there at 12 midnite, you'll get a possibility of some fresh made...But you might get a few no-so-fresh ones. Consider it the Vegas gamble, ya know?If you get there after 4am, your selection will be glorious! A treat they make daily are French crullers, with either chocolate, vanilla or maple glazes. Other donut shops makes these on weekend only, not here. They literally MELT in your mouth, they are so tender. Other great choices are fluffy and delicious raised cinnamon crumb, and maple bars.So...neighborhood's not the greatest, but this shop is great!
5	what can i say i love donuts!
4	Made fresh everyday at 7pm... Check out the Jumbo size!!!
4	As soon as my sweet tooth is locked n' loaded, I'm huntin' me some donuts!  I spot this mom and pop kinda donut shop on the eastside of town and thank God they were open.  It's your traditional Ol' Timer shop where the elderly come by every morning for a cup of coffee as they sit down and chatter about the latest politics and read the news paper while they chew on their favorite frosted pastry.  DT's selection of morning treats was definitely a selection.  They have all the classics like the buttermilk sort and the twists to some new inventive yellow glazed roll don't know what to call it kinda' thing that resembles a cannoli :). $8.50 scores you a box of 12.  The donuts were nice and sweet lil' things but they were a little doughishly dry, if that makes any sense.   My all time fave is the maple bar and it passed the test.  The only donut from my collection of 12 that didn't make the cut was the jelly filled.  The strawberry jam was too.. Manufactured? Thick? Artificial? Straight nasty!  But hey..  It's donut time anytime at Donut Tyme!!! ..well, literally 'cuz they're open 24hrs.
4	I love donuts and this happy little store on Charleston is the closest shop to my house. And whenever i want a donut, i want it as soon as possible. Donut Tyme is open 24 hours! which is a plus for me. I love their Cinnamon Rolls and their plain donuts with blueberries in it.The dozen is 8 or 9 dollars and usually when i go they add 1 or 2 extra glazed donuts in there which is quite nice, and for 8 or 9 dollars, that's a great deal! Everytime i walk in, i'm greeted and the place is very clean. Though sometimes the workers don't wear gloves or have a hair net or a hat, and there's no screen or window for the doughnuts so for me i have to take a star off.  I like a clean store with some sort of barrier for their foods and a bit of health regulation in the front. Looking in the back i do see gloves and cleanliness so good job!!Overall i do like this place for my doughnuts. Fresh made, tasty doughnuts, good customer service, clean store, price is just right. Though wish something were covering those doughnuts, as flies and dust may get on them, and for someone with no hair net or hat risking the chance to have hair fall out and into the doughnuts, is a no.
4	Do-do-do-donuts!  Who doesn't love donuts????  Especially fresh donuts that you can get 24 hours a day!  Yes, 24 hours a day!!!Donut Tyme is my mom's go-to donut shop on the East Side.  I have sampled their donuts plenty of times and have always had a happy belly afterwards.  I finally made a trip to the store to pick up some donuts for my mommy.  The store is in a small strip mall on Charleston and Lamb.  It doesn't stand out much, so you do have to look for it.  Parking is treacherous, so watch out for the crazies in the lot.  I almost got hit 3 times because not one person was looking while driving.  The lanes seem narrow too, so it seems you are right on top of the next car.  As you walk in, the store doesn't have any ambiance, but the donuts totally make up for that!  They have all of the wonderful classics you grew up with like maple bars, chocolate covered, apple fritters, and of course SPRINKLES!  They also have specialities options like the apple burrito and giant pinwheels.  I haven't tried all of them, but the ones I have are yummy goodness.  My favorite it the glazed donut with chocolate topping, closely followed by the glazed buttermilk.  I know it isn't fancy, but it is super great!The prices are reasonable too.  Regular donuts start at $.80 and the jumbo ones start at $1.50.  You can get a dozen regular donuts for $8.50!The shop isn't fancy or trendy, but they have legit donuts.  Don't walk in hungry, because you might walk out with 4 dozen donuts!!!
3	The donuts are decent but selection could have been better.  I heard mixed reviews about the place so I had to give a try myself.  I went later in the day so Ofcourse they weren't fresh but I miss the mom and pop - type donut places so it was worth a visit.  Overall,  pretty good;  better than most,  but its no krispy creme.
5	Click here to see the videohttp://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=21mXCyAfq_U
4	A 24HR donut shop, yay!  New to the neighborhood and was pleased I could make a quick stop before my early shift. Been to this shop for a dozen more than a few times to take to the office and they were always fresh and honestly good.  Buttermilk donuts got two thumbs up from a couple of the gals who like the classics.  Thanks, Donut Tyme for honestly good donuts!
4	It's pretty far from the strip for a tourist but it's worth the drive to me. The donuts here would have to be some of the freshness i have ever tasted. It's great with coffee or a late night snack. The only downfall is the location.
5	Favorite spot since I was kid. Always friendly and yummy! Probably one of the few great places for food on the east side!
5	Love that it's open 24 hours perfect for when we're craving donuts which Is often. I feel that if I wasn't allergic to milk we'd be coming here more often
5	This shop is amazing. Selection on most days is great. My co-workers have commented how they are glad they don't live near a good donut shop, haha! They wait for me to bring 'em in to get their fix. My hubby is a great cook and he is very pleased with the quality of Donut Tyme's offerings.
4	Items Selected:Pumpkin CakeCrumb CakeApple FritterButtermilk BarSour Cream Old FashionedBlueberry CakeOpen 24/7 in a nondescript strip-mall at 4268 East Charleston with a mantra of "Making mouthful of happy moments" an early morning stop at Donut Tyme was largely a result of my inability to sleep in on Saturdays and with a sixteen mile run already under my belt with breakfast plans at eight o'clock a 6:35am arrival proved perfectly timely, the morning's fresh options emerging from the fryer just a few minutes before I entered the front door.Clearly a local's spot with regulars proving the rule as nearly every patron's order was already known to the friendly clerk on their arrival it was only after a few questions, easily managed despite language barriers, that a half dozen was ordered and with the $4.95 tab paid and laptop in hand the next hour was spent in sugary indulgence while perusing the internet via free WiFi for information on the Kings and Buckeyes games later that night.Entirely ignoring yeasted options in favor of the cake based classics by which any donut shop should be judged it was with a seasonal pumpkin ring that the tasting began and with surprisingly restrained glaze and a supple center without a hint of grease the nutmeg notes of spice shined, a similar lightness found in streusel-topped crumb selection with a slightly less dense cake beneath a similar lacquer of sweetness that acted to balance a substantial compliment of cinnamon that otherwise could have easily been 'too much.'Moving next to blueberry, obviously artificial but tasty none the less, it was a small fritter into which I next sank my teeth and although a bit less 'apple' than I'd have personally preferred the crispy shellac over soft batter was virtually oilless, an impressive feat for any bakery to overcome such a common complaint.Hoping for a 'best for last finish' with two personal favorites following the fritter it would be difficult for any local bakery to outperform the high standards set by the buttermilk bar at Sunrise Too and although Donut Tyme admittedly came close despite over glazing this particular piece it was the Sour Cream Old-Fashioned that effortlessly stole the show, a smooth and rich finish to the delicate base with light sourness that rose to the palate as initial sugary notes faded on the tongue.Clearly overlooked, likely in part due to location, but executing well across the board Donut Thyme is the sort of place many would claim 'doesn't exist' in Nevada - a 24-hour donut parlor on par with the likes of those in California and easily a rival to Real or Friendly for 'best overall' in the 702.
5	I've lived in the East side most my life and only just found this donut shop a few months ago. I love how it's open 24hrs. Most food places should be. When you get off work late, this is the spot I like to stop by before going home. Their donuts are so fresh all the time. So soft and flavor full. The large fancies are fun!! I like getting their ice mochas, it just completed the donut experience. Big thumbs up!
4	This place has some good glazed donuts and the sized just right. I mean really huge. I wasn't too thrilled with the selection but that was ok because when the craving for a donut comes it comes fast and furious.  I love the fact that this local donut joint is open 24 hours.  Donut Tyme actually fits right in on Charleston.  that whole section of the building has that step back in time feeling.  I love the old school feel.  When pulling up to the place images or flashbacks of old cop cars come to mind with cops eating inside the joint. These donuts are pretty good even though the selection is small. I REALLY wish the selection had blueberry donuts or something strawberry glazed.    I know if Im in the area Im defiantly thinking about stopping here.  I compare this joint to winchells without the famous name.  Donuts to me are still KING of the sweets!  I can have an awesome day at the gym and drive by Donut time and it's like the car takes control of my willpower and parks itself in front of the store and I walk into the place all zombie like ready to stuff my face with the tasty donuts.  This place will live to fight many more days......you understand!  lol
