1	I made an appointment to get a fill. The man answering the phone said to come in at 1pm that day. I was there at exactly 1, and he told me to have a seat and that someone would be with me soon. At 1:15 he said again, that it wouldn't be too long. At 1:20 he told a girl that I was waiting and she told me to come back and sit down. I thought she was going to do my nails, and instead started to do a pedicure on someone else....at 1:30 I left. As I was leaving the man in front said, "so sorry Terri"....would never go back there again! Not sure why nail salons think they can ALWAYS keep you waiting.
5	You will not leave Premiere unsatisfied. All if the techs are excellent, I personally prefer La Mi, she is awesome.  Definitely try the gel polish, guaranteed for 3 weeks.  I will not go anywhere else, the service and results speak for themselves.
5	Since I've been in Vegas I've tried several different nail salons and always go back to Premier Nails. They provide a great service, fair prices and the salon is CLEAN! I drive from Summerlin to have my nails done by Danny.
4	I had a great experience here today. Katie did my gel manicure and really took her time. My nail color is flawless. The only reason I rated four stars is because there was no hand or forearm massage. I mean, I can paint my nails at home by myself for free, it's the massage that makes it special.
4	This nail salon is decorated nicely, is always clean and has (new) big, comfortable pedicure seats/tubs. They have a fridge in the back with complementary water and soda for paying customers. They offer waxing services and have a large selection of gel nail colors. Danny, the owner, is great. He is always friendly and so is the other staff. Although I love him, I personally choose not to go to him as he is super busy and gets distracted a lot. It's not that the quality I receive from him diminishes, but it just ends up taking longer with all the pauses. I ask for Susan if I can get her....I love her work! She makes sure she gets the polish all the way down to my cuticle so that my manicure lasts longer. Plus if I bring my little munchkin, she always ends up sneaking in a free polish change for her small, little nails :)Pedicures are long and they give good massages. I like their pedicure bowls, they are leopard print. Rawr! They do great gel manicures that last and if something were to go wrong (i.e. chipped nail, broken toe nail, etc.) they will NOT hesitate to fix it. They are really good about that. I never worry about sanitation and their sanitation machines are in clear view of all the customers. They use new files & buffers every time, under wrap new toe separators and temp flip flops. They are very conscientious of this.They only reason I took one star away from them is their wait times. I ALWAYS make an appointment now before I come in. If you do that, you'll be just fine. However, if you just walk in and they quote you 20 minutes....expect to wait up to an hour. I learned my lesson the hard way and I don't want you leaving frustrated. Even if you have to wait though just sneak next door to Great Harvest and get your free slice of bread and butter ;) It'll take away the pain. lol.
1	the nail place looks clean, but you can never get any service done.  The owner tells you to make an appt even though they say walk ins are welcome.  When you have an appt with a specific manicurist they still make you wait 1 1/2.  You then decide to not make an appt and get there a few minutes before they actually open, you are told to come back in an 1 1/2.  There are a ton of manicure places in a 1 mile radius that would be thrilled to have the business and do a good job.  My time is too valuable to either sit around waiting with an appt or drive back in the same day and wait.
1	I left crying. I went to get a fill because my nail broke off and where I usually go (Paris to New York Nail Bar) is too busy to fit me in I waited 20 minutes for a pedicure and then got my acrylics filled which took an HOUR.I had glitter acrylics on and the person couldn't grasp this concept and had the hardest time filing them down. I asked for the simplest yin yang design and the person couldn't do it. They had no color that I wanted, not even black. Then the person complains about how the color I chose wouldn't cover my previous WHITE glitter acrylic which looked fine so he made me choose a darker color. The only thing that I thought would work looked horrible. I left crying. I wish I had a photo but I already repainted and re-filed the horrible job they did. As soon as I got out I made an appointment somewhere else. I can't even handle how terrible this experience was.
4	Friendly, professional atmosphere. Sometimes you have to wait a while, even if you have an appointment. They are usually very busy, but I've always been happy with the pedicures I've received and especially love the time they take to do a competent job and give relaxing leg massages!
3	So far so good!  This is a very clean facility with lots of stations and color choices.  I'm usually very happy with my service, but there is often pretty long wait...even with an appointment.  They take their time with their pedicures and give you services that you normally have to upgrade to elsewhere.  I have taken my daughters in a few times, and they are very cute with them.  One downside is they don't have a drying station.  It would be nice if they would add that.
1	The girl who did my nails was nice but the owner is a jerk! I brought my daughter with me and they are not kid friendly at all. I wanted to like this place! They asked if I wanted to get my nails done and I asked my daughter and they said rudely "no just you" why they didn't want to help us I have no idea. Never again will I go back to this place
5	I typically call in the same day I need my nails done and Danny never says no.  I book my appointment in the morning for 5pm and I never wait more than 5 minutes.  Everyone always does a great job and they are very nice.  I occasionally have to come in with my daughter and they have always been sweet to her.  Painting her nails if they have time or letting her relax in one of the pedi chairs while she waits.  She can't wait to sit next to me for a little mommy daughter time.
5	Been going here for 5 years. Sometimes you have to wait 15-20 minutes past your appointment, but it's so worth it. My nails are perfection and last so long every time. I will never go anywhere else.
5	Premiere Nails has become the only nail salon I'll go to. The entire staff is pleasant & because everyone there does excellent work, I don't make appointments with any one in particular. I've never had to wait longer than about 15-20 minutes. Their gel manicures are the best of any local place I've been to; I was consistently disappointed with the quality at other salons closer to home and now gladly make the drive here. The gel selection is extensive, with a lot of OPI. The pedicures are also great & they've repaired a few broken nails without fuss or a charge. The prices are fair and the atmosphere is just fine for anyone who doesn't wear a tiara (i.e., don't expect the Vietnamese staff to speak English to each other just because you're sitting there).
