5	Really friendly staff, helped me w my purchase and we're very helpful answering all my questions. I will make all my firearm purchases there.
5	I have purchased firearms and firearm accessories all over Vegas for the past 6 years and have not seen customer service as a priority. Well that has changed. I purchased a new pistol from the gang at Marxman. I had stopped in on Saturday to inquire about the gun and was told it was not instock but would have more Tuesday. Tuesday I received a call they were in and were holding 1 for me to look at, I arrived at 5:15 and by 6:00 I was driving home with my new purchase.What sets Marxman apart is their customer service! Each member of staff was eager to help, they answered any and all questions. I have found MY gun store and they have gained a new customer!Highly Recommend!
5	I recently relocated to Las Vegas and happened upon Marxman Precision Arms last week on a day they were not technically open for business. I was still welcomed into the building and greeted by very professional, knowledgable and friendly staff (not to mention pleasant on the eyes) who handled my purchases with great alacrity. I will certainly return myself as well as recommend to any other serious buyer. Kudos to the team running Marxman! Thanks again Nicole and company.
5	o I haven't bought anything from them per se, but I have had to do business with them.  Anyone who has had their identity taken or credit card stolen knows that sinking feeling in their stomach when they're reading their statement and sees something that doesn't look right.  In this case it didn't look right to the tune of $700.The next day I call them, and Nicole, the nice lady who picks up says, "Why does that name sound familiar?  OH!  We have that suspicious package that we never sent out that was supposed to be for you!"They were both extremely helpful, cordial, and professional in reporting what happened, and their attention to detail and communication saw that the scammer never got the rifle scope they were going for.If they were that professional with me, I have no doubt that they'll be able to take care of their actual customers with class and professionalism.
5	Nice little shop in the corner of a strip mall just North of Russell on Decatur....Greeted by a friendly energetic woman Nicole, one of the owners, and her husband Frank, the talented gunsmith who runs the back end of the shop.  Very nice couple who helped me convert my G42 into a 9 + 1 along with grips and tritium night sights...was completed in just 1 day.  Pricing was very reasonable.Staff was excellent, friendly, sharp and professional.  I will continue to use them as long as I have firearms that need any kind of mods.Pricing on the selection of firearms they have in stock was very reasonable.  Will also purchase my next pistol from here.  Hope they open up a store in Summerlin closer to where I live.  Regardless, I will make the drive, and spend the money, more than worth it.
5	First visit here was because a friend referred me. I had been in the market for a specific rifle, they had something I really liked so I picked it up. They threw in a T-shirt, didn't expect it so that was cool. Dave was very knowledgeable and answered every question I asked. Nicole helped with finalizing the business end of everything and was awesome. She sweetened the deal a bit more, won't say what but again, not expected and what an awesome gesture for my first purchase. Since then I've picked up some mags and ammo, Nicole was there to help again, Dave answered questions regarding another future purchase.  Great place with great staff,  very friendly and willing to help, their AK custom stuff is top shelf by the way, and if they don't have it in their shop they'll help you find it and at a fair price. Can't ask for more than that.
4	First and foremost the customer service at this place is awesome! The staff are super friendly and professional. This store is stocked with many products and gear. Although this store caters to us ak lovers they do stock products for ar-15's as well. They are willing to do custom work and their rates are competitively priced. I purchased my sb-47 brace during their Black Friday sale for 119. Can't beat that locally!!!! Also seem to be well stocked on 22lr ammo. Definitely come to this place if you want some gun smithing work done on your ak. I will have to come back here to grab a Midwest industries rail for my mini draco!! 4 stars for excellent service!!! However my only gripe with this store is that they charge a 3% increase if you are using a credit card to pay. However most small gun stores do this until they are big enough to absorb the cost. So if you do buy something be sure to bring cash or use your debit card.
