4	This is one of the less organized Ross stores I have been too. The deals can be good though, their selection is alright, as long as you get there right after they put out new items. Why wouldn't you want to get $50 pants for $15 or less?! They need to fix how their line system works, sometimes, it is one queue for all registers, sometimes it's a line per register. It has lead to some deal grabber disputes as to who really was next in line.
4	This Ross is pretty well-maintained. On the few occasions that I have visited, they have had a good amount of inventory to peruse as well as well-maintained shelves and good check out line flow. The service is pretty good as well. As far as Ross' go, this is a pretty nice store.
4	Well I went in here looking for gifts for others, but only came out with stuff for myself....hummmm something is wrong with this picture! I love Ross stores, I shouldn't have even started looking for stuff for me, it get's me every time!
3	My real beef patties are with a few things with Ross. For one the stores are horribly disorganized and difficult to maneuver. There are signs pointing out the departments but once in them its sort of a free for all. On my most recent shopping trip the clerks seemed busy reorganizing the areas which I is a very good sign. Another problem is the clerks and the check out process.. I mean honestly if you hate your job so much that you need to be curt with every customer, please find a job that makes you happy. Also where does the line start? Its like you're in purgatory trying to figure out which line you're in. Its funny.. look at the flat shelves on your way in and notice how much random stuff that's on those shelves. You know where that stuff comes from? Possible customers ditching the stuff they wanted because the wait is so long. Im guilty too.Ive never been a really big fan of Ross Dress for Less but the good deals on brand name merch will always bring me coming back.
4	I love shopping Ross for shoes and home decor. It's pretty much all that I buy here, with the occasional shirt, pair of pants, electronics and scented candles. ;)This location is pretty nice. Reminds me of my old Summerlin location on Ft. Apache and Tropicana. I love the items you find in here, especially the home decor items. Prices cannot be beat. I would suggest shopping this location for finding the gems you would pay almost double for in other retail outlets.Very well kept and organized. They need to work on the line situation, however. They form one line for multiple registers, and if attentive customers and cashiers don't pay attention, a lot of sneaky (or confused) customers end up cutting right in front of the line!
5	Sorry, Yelpers. You must read yet another review in my endeavor to decorate. Apparently. not all Ross' are created equal. Some are larger and carry a better selection of items. This one is one of the newer stores and it shows. It has not been torn apart and ransacked like the others. Yet again, I am going through the home section in search of the last remaining pieces to pull my rooms together. At this point, it feels like I am trying to find that elusive unicorn. Am I asking too much? All I want is a teal porcelain elephant with Thai rhinestone embellishments. I saw it at another store, but it was chipped. WHY!?!?! I might not have found it yet, but I have enough pillows to place on every seating area. Good luck finding a place to rest. Those chairs and couches are for my pillows.The staff is overall friendly and try their best to get you in and out as quick as possible. The lines are long, but they are quick.
1	I love Ross and went to this one because I bought the last item at another one and wanted a matching set.  Well, I ended up finding two more and another two items, so had well over $100 worth of "crap" that I didn't "need", but well you know, lol.So we take our items to the cash register.  They were really cute and even got stares and comments of jealousy on the way to the register.  Then there are no registers open and the return/exchange is the only open register and she has a customer and another return waiting.  So we stand in line waiting for her to finish and then have someone open another register.  Five more customers have lined up behind us.  She calls the next return up and I ask if she is calling someone to open another register.  She says no.  We sit our purchases on the floor and walk out.  She calls out that we are rude.  Oh, did I mention this was a Friday night with no staff and according to her, not one floor worker knew how to also run a register.  Is it wrong to expect when you are spending your hard earned money that both courtesy and proper staffing should be extended?  I must have been born in the wrong era when thank you's and please come again were existent.
4	I love this Ross. They always seem to have tons of everything and I never walk out or unhappy with my finds. They seem to carry more than other Ross's and the staff is friendly. I love all the great dress and shoe finds and love the home section. You won't be sorry.
2	I love going to ross just to look around and see if i find anything neat. Well this time my experience wasn't as great just because towards my end of my shopping when I went to pay I made contact with an employee i missed her name and the receipt only gave me her associate number (113783) , i was paying with a visa gift card i got from work and she was running it as debit and i told her nicely its a gift card you need to run it as credit so she canceled it and then asks her co-worker "do we accept theses " and her co-worker said "yes just run it as credit " she ran it as debit again and i told her "its asking for a pin" and she rudely looked up at me and said "what does it say on the machine?!" . Again I said "its asking for a pin" she asked "you don't know it ?" Looking at me like i was dumb and i said its a gift card finally she ran it as credit and went thru and the receipt printed by me and she said "don't forget your receipt" without handing it to me i hand to rip off myself . I get she was young but doesn't mean its okay to be rude if you get frustrated cause you dont know what your doing , ill think twice before going to that ross again .
