3	This location is inside Bally's as you walk on the way to Paris. The nice selection of frozen concoctions, bottled beer, and alcohol allows for shopping or gambling without worries. The prices are fine with 17 oz drinks starting at 7 bucks. They get much larger as well.  Major points for carrying Abita beers from Louisiana. Sadly, beers are not 17 oz, but you can't have everything that size right? If you need to quench your thirst, give this place a try.
5	My God. Frozen Jagerbombs? Yes.They take mixed drinks, freeze them and make them into slurpees to beat the Vegas heat. It works. Had the Frozen Jagerbomb and Vegas Crush and they were great!
3	Had the wake up call and it was ok. Overall, it's a nice place to get a alcohol slushie drink. I will go back next time.
4	I know it's almost against Vegas Law for a gambler to buy alcohol in a Casino. And yes, I am fully aware that cocktail waitresses will come by as I'm pushing buttons on the penny slots and bring me free drinks. But sometimes I just want to drink something that tastes like a Blue Raspberry Slurpee and have it get me buzzed. And thanks to Evening Call, and its Coco Loco drink, I know this is possible. And guess what? It was so tasty that I BOUGHT ANOTHER ONE. And I'll probably do it again!
4	Gorgeous bartender and tasty drinks!Got the 17 oz. Vegas Crush to start, barely tasted anything, but it was a good fruity combination so I got the Wake Up Call next which was pretty much a coffee frapp with alcohol in it.  Although I still didn't taste the alcohol in it this time!  And my wife watched the girl pour about 4 inches of Jameson in, I guess next time I'll have to get a triple shot.  Although i think it may have just hit me late, either that, or the full belly I had from Sugar Factory and the 2 drinks I had were fighting each other in an epic battle of my insides. I dunno.  Not a bad deal considering you can get a refill if you just stay sober enough to be able to hold onto your cup, either that or just find one that says Evening Call on the side.  I recommend keeping your own cup, who knows what cooties other people have.
3	Let me start off by saying that this place was super clean and the service was great.The drinks themselfs were super yummy HOWEVER I don't think there was hardly any alcohol in it.I haven't drank in probobly a year so I figured it would have some sort of effect. My husband had an exra shot and it had no effect on him either.We could have saved our money and went to 7-11 for a Slurpee.When we have got the same thing at the Imperial Palace last Vegas trip you could definatly "feel" it.
2	They let me fill up a competitors cup. I should have gone to the original. They told me all the frozen drinks have ten percent alcohol in it. After drinking 48 oz (theirs is 50 oz while "obese day of the week " serves 48) I felt nothing. I even had them put in a shot of Malibu. Yelp has correctly categorized this place as Ice Cream & Frozen Yogurt. Here's to Mardi Gras.
4	Great prices for great drinks.  50oz of frozen drinks on hot summer days makes for all kinds of good
5	Every time I come to to Vegas I have to stop at Evening Call, I never go to Mari Gras cause this place is way better. Doesn't matter what location I go to I just need to get an Call Girlz drink.  Seriously, best drink ever plus add I always add 2 extra shots, definitely does the job!  Dreaming of my next Vegas trip so I can have a yummy drink in my hand walking down the strip buzzed.
5	If you love slushy drinks with alcohol evening call is better than the rest always delicious flavors and outstanding service friendly friendly very personal staffing.  Yes there are other places that sell slushy drinks like lime ice and fat Tuesdays and now sugar factory but for some reason I like evening call, every time when I come to Vegas more locations are popping up, i've tried all the places evening calls slushy's seemed to be a lot more smoother than the other places the other ones are more like chunky are Icy, I like the way evening calls drinks are they feel more like a smoothie on the tongue.
4	This spot seems to be the "classy" spot for these slushy drinks... the bartender actually treats the drinks with some flare and doesn't try to rush you. The bartender really pushes the double shots though... which works for the margaritas, but I should have skipped the double shot on the 151.Overall, cool spot to get an adult Slurpee... and you get deals on the refills.
5	I had the most incredible experience with Evening Call. The first time I went to Vegas my friends and I had gotten many slushy drinks from here and loved them. When I planned a trip to Vegas a couple years later my twin sister emailed Evening Call to rave about how much we loved their drinks. Someone from the company emailed back and asked when we were coming to Vegas and what the occasion was. When they found out that my twin sister and I were celebrating our birthday they told us that they would be happy to give us unlimited drinks for us and our party. When we arrived with our mom we walked into the Evening Call at Bally's and a bar tender assisted us. She was so nice and went to grab our glasses from the back room. She came out with 3 cups with all of our names on them and sparkly tiaras on my cup as well as my sisters.I could not believe the attention to detail and the customer service. During the trip we stopped at many Evening Call locations for free refills...it was awesome!!I would recommend Evening Call for anyone who wants a top notch experience in Las Vegas. The flavors are delicious and extra shots are reasonably priced.
5	I had a Coco Loco and Straw Bama mix from here and it was oh so good!!  I've spent the last two days trying to remember what this place was called so I could bookmark it for future trips lol.  No joke though, the best drink I had while in Vegas you must try it!  And the staff here was friendly too - laughing and joking around with us and they let us try as many free samples as we wanted!  Wheres a good 5-gallon jug when you need one!?!
5	Love my straw ta _ Bama it Just so good. :) there are different drinks but I do like my strawta. 25oz for 11 buck is quite cheap to me.
4	The Ballys and Luxor are my favorite locations. If you get the extra shot (or more), they aren't super stingy and always do a great job/ are super friendly. So mad that they got rid of Wakeup Call. That was my absolute favorite... and the only one I could drink a lot of. We used to come to Vegas and drink it all day, going from location to location as we walked around the strip. Unfortunately, the rest of the flavors are really super sweet and it's hard to drink more than a cup without it being too much. The orangey ones are pretty tangy and I was fine with this, but everyone else I was with couldn't find anything that they liked. Disappointed that it's gone, it was one of my favorite reasons to go to Vegas but now I don't have much to bring me to Evening Call when I visit.
5	Great bartender and great selection of drinks.
