5	This church aims to please....even when a family insisted their baby boy get nekked and publicly take a whole body holy baptism. A little girl in the congregation yelled, "It's a Boy, mommy!" Imagine the photos his Facebook page.  They have the usual Sunday services, weddings, funerals, communions, and confirmations...but lots of other special events. This is the church that is closest to my relatives that live here.  I like the simplicity of this building design.  It was first built to be a gymnasium for a school. Instead, they put some cushioned meeting chairs in tight rows. They put an altar in, a speaker system, and decorations, and voila, there is a church.  And, there are no kneelers! YAY! I remember hating churches where they have wood kneelers with no padding.  If you didn't have bad knees, you might get them.  But not here. The priests are just like any other Catholic church.  They love to give long sermons.  That's the same wherever you go. In the beginning of any service, they announce that people must turn off their cell phones, to stop talking, and get into a prayerful mood. Since they have no kneelers, and space is tight, they make EVERYONE go up to communion.  If you are not a Catholic, or don't want to partake in communion, you still go up but the priest will just give you a blessing. What's really cool is that if you're unable to walk up, tell the usher before hand and the usher will ask the priest will come to you.  It's that intimate.The music is done by a husband and wife team.  They and the choir members sound pretty good.  He's got a kind of showt une Vegas style - Ave Maria never sounded so different.  And if you were here in 2007 and noticed a 250 lb. guy leading the music, he's that same guy but lost about 100 pounds along the way, and he doesn't even look like the same person.      They do a lot of cool outreach for the community.  They have a food bank for the poor families in the area. The volunteers have to be screened.  It gets sad when there are so many families in dire finances that they can't even eat.  But there are the volunteers who work long hours one day a week for this.  They also have a donations only coffee and donuts area, and my relatives seem to know a lot of people.  This is a very friendly place if you are sociable.  The last thing I'll say is that this church really is a mixed race church that has lots of Filipinos, Caucasians, Latins, Blacks, and everything in between.  And they really do get along. After church, Denny's, McDona'd's, IHOP, and Aliante Casino are all less than 3 miles away.
3	My parents belong to this church and I recently attended. This is not the typical type of church I grew up in. It felt like a modern building that was converted into a church. I am pretty sure it was built from the ground up as a church. However, I am used to cathedrals and exquisite marble floors, pews, and stain glass windows. The building had nice amenities such as bathrooms and air conditioning.Overall, I had a nice experience while worshiping at St. John Neumann. The sermon was a bit long (for my taste). That would be my only real review of the church.
1	I always come here every Sunday & I like to come a little bit early so I can pray b4 the mass start and also to get the seat that we wanted...but today 12-22-2013 I was asked by this guys to get up from our seat and tell me we have to be moved coz they need to fill all the seats in the front first....omg I didnt know that we cant pick our own seat? its my choice where we want to seat,  It was so embarassing that we just left the church. Im not coming back to this chapel again. I just dont understand why they are so rude to me and on top of that Im with my 3 kids they look shock aswell
4	I belong to this church , it is not the best building for a church but it's what is convienant for me , it only takes me 10 minutes from alliante, and 5 minutes from the gym.The reason I go to St. John , Father Jim delivers the best sermon relevant to what is going on in today's world, I really enjoy his down to earth personality, and he is approachable .I park on the street because I can get out of the parking lot quicker.
3	Since the community grew quicker than the Diocese could keep up, SJN is still physically building the church.  With 2 weekly collections, the goal of SJN's campaign is closer each year.  The guidelines of SJN is located in the inside cover of the hard cover missal.  Since kneelers are not available, you stand throughout the liturgy of the Eucharist, unless you are physically unable just like some other neighborhood Catholic churches in Vegas.  The best part so far is the new children's choir during the 12 noon mass.  Another positive factor is the 5pm mass with usually less people and more parking available.
