5	Bill came out to check on our garage door that hadn't been looked at for over 20 years. He was the least expensive out of the three companies we called.We had a next-day appointment.He was on time.He was friendly and professional.He looked over the garage door and explained that the door was in good shape and it would not need any kind of service. WHAT??? This guy had integrity that seems to be long gone. Although we didn't need him to do any work, we recommend him for all of the above reasons.
5	Bill was amazing!  He came out to look at a door that would not close.  He spent about three hours diagnosing it and decided he needed more parts and came back the next day. He then traced it to a faulty wire and voila! it worked.  He only charged $69 for all of this.  Highly recommended!  He's friendly, honest and knowledgeable. Worth every cent.
5	absolutely look no further than here for any garage door opener repairs and spring replacements. Bill went above and beyond for us when our relatively new garage door opener malfunctioned this week.  Our spring had broken and then a small plastic part inside the lift mechanism was causing the garage door to keep opening as soon as we closed it. He replaced our springs for $175.00 for both and did not charge us for fixing the other issues. I would recommend them with confidence. Trustworthy, reasonable and competent.
5	Bill Hayman might possibly be the nicest and most straightforward guy I've met in a long, long time.  A spring busted on my door and he came out within a day to review the situation.  He gave me a couple of options (one DIY) and then refused to take any payment when I decided to try DIY.  So, you know how this story goes: DIY - FAIL.  So Bill came back a few days later and fixed it up perfectly.  Installed a new torsion spring system, fixed a few loose bolts and fittings, and voila, I'm back in business.  His charges were very reasonable, he explained everything in detail, he was courteous, and he communicates very well to let you know (a) when he's available, (b) when he'll arrive, and (c) when he's on his way.  Bill understands the value of reputation is more important than making a buck.  I would never hesitate to recommend Bill Hayman and Affordable Garage Door Service.
