4	Paint. Drink. Have fun. Count me in. I'm not very good with a paint brush, but man do I love taking classes like this.Took a friend here opening weekend to check the place out. Aprons on, wine open. Game on. The masterpiece we'll be attempting: Candy Skies.  Happy little painting of a tree with some red/orange type leaves. Excuse me while I channel my inner Bob Ross.The best thing about these places is that it doesn't matter if you're not artistic. These are fun and fairly simple to do. They walk you step by step through the painting. Teachers are on hand to help as well. You can BYOB, but you can also buy beer, wine and soda here. I feel like I get better with each glass of wine I consume. Paint, brushes, easel, apron, etc. are all provided for you. Important tip: pay attention to wear you put your brush. You do not want to sink that thing into your wine glass.Convenient location on South Blvd in Atherton Mills. Parking can be a little tricky here sometimes depending on the time. I can't wait to go back and do more classes. This would be a great place for team building or girl's night out type stuff.
5	Awesome!!! I couldn't drink because I was attending a workout class right after! I did the paint your pet on canvas! Awesome environment, great instructors and awesome idea!!! Will come back! It's great fun!
5	I stopped by Pinot's today for their open house event.I first found out about Pinot's after a really fun yelp event a few months back. Today a few girlfriends and I stopped in to their open house special. Where you can pick from a few different paintings and paint a smaller scale canvas for 10 dollars! You can't beat that. For anyone on a budget but looking to do something fun and different this is great. I painted an anchor and my friends went with a scenic tree option. Surprisingly, the place was quiet ( I think because they're pretty new) Casey, the manager was very helpful! This time and my yelp event, I appreciated that the instructors gave direction but also allowed you to have your own artistic spin on it. The location is great, considering you can find parking and you're also located next to a bunch of shops and restaurants. If anyone is looking for a fun activity for the kids this summer, a new date night idea or just some painting and wine with friends, check out Pinot's I'm pretty sure they hold this open houses every Saturday, but call and check to be sure!
5	I am totally enjoyed my time at P.P's. I really like how they provide the wine and other treats. The instructor was great & the staff at P.P's were very welcoming. I would definitely would go back for another painting session.
