5	Great authentic Mexican food, friendly service, tasty drinks and excellent mexican beer selection. Never crowded hopefully business picks up soon because it would be sad to see such a great place close.
3	For Madison, this is relatively decent Mexican food.  For Madison.My husband and I have been there twice now, once for dinner and once for the weekend brunch.  When we were there for dinner, I really enjoyed my cochinita pibil (slow-roasted pork), but my husband was very unimpressed with his dish ("something with chicken" is all he recalls).  We also had an appetizer that was basically shrimp tostadas, but was so heavily saturated with lime juice that it basically just tasted like limes.  The margaritas were pretty standard, though appreciated (iirc, it had been a trying day for me).When we went for brunch, I was very unimpressed with the huevos a la mexicana, but my husband's huevos en salsa verde (which I had also considered), were pretty good.  The pomegranate margarita was also quite tasty and not too sweet.Overall, they just seem kind of hit or miss--and their misses aren't HORRIBLE, but their hits aren't really that impressive, either.  We might end up there again just because it's close and reasonably priced, but it's not somewhere I get excited about.
3	I'd like to give these guys at least four stars, but they're going to have to refine a couple of items to get there.  Let's start with the food... definitely worth the trip.  The shrimp ceviche, which another person said 'tasted like limes', is an excellent starter... and tastes like limes because that's the way ceviche is made (with lime juice doing the 'cooking' of the proteins with the citric acids).  The guacamole is also quite good... no frills, just tasty.  The entrees that I've had there (been twice now), have all been quite good.  The Cochinita Pibil (pork dish) was great, while the lamb chops were slightly overcooked... but still good.  My biggest issue is the presentation... of the food and the location itself.  The shrimp ceviche shows up on two fried flat tortillas... making it difficult to eat (can't pick it up, do I make this into a salad?).  The guacamole is spooned onto a plate.  The dishes come out without much for frills or presentation... and everything is served on big boring white plates.  The exterior has no sign, there is nothing in the windows, and the interior is fairly stark beyond the brick walls of the building.  I'm sure with some time, they'll step it up... but probably should get after it sooner than later.  Overall, yes, I'll be back... as there isn't much for good Mexican in the area of the square, so that's a bonus... but I'll look to them to refine and improve quickly in the coming weeks before they fall off 'the list'.
4	We were recently at the downtown location on a Saturday night. I couldn't believe the place was almost empty. My friend and I shared a appetizer which had quesadilla's and flauta's as well as a few other things. Delicious. Plus the strawberry margarita's were fantastic.  We sat at the bar and while the service was good, my friend and I felt the bartender was a bit pushy/arrogant/creepy. It's the only reason I didn't give it all 5 stars. But, I would definitely go back!
3	Went here after buying the Groupon and wasn't disappointed. The chips and salsa you get prior to the meal were good to munching on. The food arrives quickly and the portions are big. The only drawback is the food was a little bland.But for the reasonable price and portion size this place is ok.
