3	The Chanter is a pub which, despite being a favourite of students and young folk alike, doesnt entirly deserve the returning loyalty of its punters.While the The Chanter itself looks good, and is by all accounts has a fun atmosphere when the night is right - it has an air of being niether amazing or awful, rather a run of the mill, indistinguishable bar that tries to cater for students.Drinks arent amazingly cheap in my opinion (although that might just be me), and the food which is cheap in comparison to other places in the area is basic and uninteresting. Staff are rude, and once I had managed to get the bar maid to stop chatting to her mate, slow.However, despite all this The Chanter is somewhere I keep returning to - for a game of pool perhaps, or for cocktails with a large group of mates because we are almost always gauranteed a seat and to bump into somebody we know.
2	I was taken here once by a group of my ex-boyfriend friends, who all go to Napier. As it is just a 5 minute walk from the Napier Halls, it's their local. As a result it was full of shouting students and roudy drunks. Not really my scene.The bar itself is reasonably nice, it's a nice dark brown and cream theme. But the seats are grotty and tables are sticky. We went to play pool and only one pool queue was in operation, it made the whole thing quite difficult. When I was there they were showing the Superbowl so every other minute people would be screaming in my ear or swearing at a bad call.  The staff were quite snippy too, I didn't feel very welcomed, and they made no effort to clear up all the empties we were beside.
3	The Chanter serves up decently priced alcohol, and the bar staff were pretty friendly and attentive the last time I was in, so for those reasons, it is an advantageous place to visit for some inexpensive beverage supping in a friendly, fairly banterous atmosphere, clientele wise.I don't think the bar itself particularly has bundles of character to it, as there's not terribly much going on with the decor, but I suppose the point is that you're not really there to take notes on the patterns on the wallpaper, it's more about getting down to some no nonsense drinking and having some down to earth fun. The premises are fairly big, so you've got a good chance of getting a seat with your pint, plus you can play pool if you manage to snag the table before someone else gets in there.
4	Good small pub. There you will see all kind of people from the worker to the business man. Good beer, small and familial.
4	The chanter is fab!! Perfect student place, so cheap & the food is good (for cheap/quick fill you up food,... maybe not fine dining!) the staff are great banter, & actually look like they enjoy their jobs!!They always have deals going on & themed nights... it has a use for everything really: after work drinks, catching up with mates, hungover food trips etc etc. My one tiny criticism here is that I wouldn't come when the live music is on & you want to be able to talk to any of your friends... its SO loud?! Which is strange because normally they don't play background music that loud at all.It can get REALLY busy in here,... i'm talking not being able to move busy!! In that case I suppose the wait to get served can get long but that is expected. When its like that its full of atmosphere though, nothing worse than being in an empty bar!Only downside to this place is the bouncers on fri/sat nights, really not keen on them as they can be very rude! Otherwise this place is a must if you are a student in Edinburgh.
3	The Chanter is a bar with rather a student focus, the drinks are cheap and there are plenty of screens to watch the football or other sporting event, yet despite a reasonable mix of beverages I found the place to lack character. It is an ideal starting off point but I wouldn't want to spend the entire evening here.If you are out with a large group of 10-20 then this is a good spot, nice enough decor and cheap (for Edinburgh) drinks, just be aware there are likely to be a fair few 18-20 year old students...
4	Flew in from the states and roamed all the way down Grass Market and decided to eat here on the way back to my hotel. The staff here was very helpful and welcoming and the bar was surprisingly upscale inside. They served some great brews and I the food I ordered was quite good. It was supper time, but I went with the all-day breakfast and it was a solid choice.It was one of the cheapest places I've eaten at during my stay here in Edinburgh and the one eatery I would go out of my way to visit again. Thanks for the hospitality. :cheers:
