4	This new restaurant was an instant hit when my wife and I went to the soft launch.  I had the sea bass....it was thick perfectly cooked and accompanied by great sides.  She tried the salmon and was equally impressed.  We have been back twice, and the full menu is impressive.  Service is personal and friendly without smothering.  A wonderful place with an ambitious chef......
4	An independently owned upscale restaurant on Eastern near Anthem. The food was good, nothing overly creative but good and the drinks were great!
5	I couldn't have been more pleased with our choice to try out Chef's Palate on Saturday. The atmosphere was cozy, the service was excellent, but most importantly, the food was awesome!Martinis ($9)- I had the white balsalmic and my fiance had something with acai berry. Wow, both were awesome! Unique, complex, and smooth. Wines by the glass - Great selection (many under $9) and our waiter was kind enough to let us try a couple when we couldn't decide which one to get. Airline Chicken with truffles ($21) - Chicken was prepared perfectly . I would have liked more truffle flavor overall, but for a chicken dish it was quite yummy. Beef Wellington ($35) - This was the show stopper! I love beef wellington, but this was by far the best I've ever had. A nicely sized (8 oz?) absolutely flawless filet was perfectly wrapped in a delicate pastry. It rested on a bed of yummy mashed potatoes and was surrounded by two sauces - one mild demi glase type sauce, and one strong creamy blue cheese type sauce. The flavors were great, and the beef truly was one of the better steaks I've had in awhile (yes even compared to one I had last week at Strip Steak). If you're looking for a very nice dinner but don't want to pay strip prices and deal with the hassles of parking, this place is a great one to try. This will definitely become a monthly indulgence for us!
4	Now serving a Breakfast Special, Thursday-Sunday 7AM to Noon for $4.99 including a Bloody Mary or a Mimosa!!!! You can't find a better deal than that!
4	We celebrated bf's bday here last Saturday.  Overall, the experience was pleasant, not outstanding or extraordinary.  My sister & her bf dined here the week prior and recommended the chicken marsala & ribeye, both of which we ordered.  First off, the place is pretty small, but well decorated and cozy.  I love the booths with the soft pillows.  We ordered the anti-julep martini, which is a sweet concoction of fruity perfection.  Our kind waiter, Eric, also gave us something he whipped up himself on the house.  It was called a Blue something and it was also very good.  The bread was served with whipped better & some balsamic & oil.  The bread tasted a little stale & wasn't very unique.  We had the crab cake appetizer which was quite yummy.  The sun dried tomato sauce was well paired with the bean salsa underneath the crabcake.  The crabcake itself wasn't  amazing, but it worked well with the sauce & salsa.  Next, I had my chicken marsala.  The chicken was perfectly cooked & wasn't dry at all for being breast meat.  The skin was slightly crispy as it should be.  However, the marsala sauce was a little thin.  I'm use to sauce being a little more...well saucy.  It had a good flavor though.  The side of mashed potatoes, broccoli, and carrots were bland.  My bf had the ribeye which was cooked to his liking.  He's a purist who thinks steaks should be lightly seasoned, in which case, it was.  He also had the bland mashed potatoes & some huge yummy asparagus with tomatoes.  A lady came around from table to table and identified herself as the owner.  She was very friendly but looked a little disheveled & tired.  I can appreciate the stress she has with owning a restaurant, but I thought her messy tank top was a little unprofessional.Would I come here again?  Yes, I don't have any major complaints.  In fact, I would probably try the osso buco which the table behind us had.  It smelled really delicious.  Is this a place I'd have cravings for and would save for momentous occasions?  Probably not.  For that, I am loyal to Rosemary's Restaurant on Sahara.
3	This restaurant has a limited number of tables, but we were immediately seated on this Saturday evening.  My wife ordered the Chilean sea bass with sweet pepper coulis, whipped potatoes and grilled romaine lettuce.  I countered with pistachio crusted halibut served with tobiko (flying fish) caviar, a beurre blanc sauce, black trumpet mushroom herb couscous and French beans.  Both dishes were beautifully plated, but my fish was overcooked and would have benefited from more sauce while my wife's  potatoes were likely from a package mix.
1	We have been to Chef's Palate on several occasions. The first time was for dinner back in September 2009 and the food was wonderful. My boyfriend and I ordered the rib-eye steak and chicken marsala. We have since came back for breakfast about 2 or 3 times and the food had been great. The one star rating that I gave was for our last two experiences at Chef's Palate: (1) The last time we had dinner there about a month ago, we waited for over an hour for our food to arrive (this included the appetizer). The "jumbo" crabcake was delicious, but was definitely not jumbo and was rather small and not worth the $10. We ordered the chicken marsala again and the braised ribs. Although tender, the ribs had no flavor and the chicken tasted nothing like the first time we went. There was too much of a wine taste. After waiting for over an hour for our food and to have it come out tasting bland and aweful, we were completely disappointed.  We learned from the waiter that the main cook just quit on them and that was the reason for the wait. Apparently they were short staffed that night. (2) So even though we had a bad experience with them, we decided to come back for breakfast this morning, Valentine's Day, because we never had a bad experience with the breakfast.....until today.  When we walked in around 10 AM, we noticed that there were about 5 or 6 tables with people. Not parties of 4 or more. One or two people here and there. Didn't seem too busy. The moment we set foot in the door (not even one minute) to wait for our table, the employee behind the bar shook his head made a gesture with his hand (slashing his throat) to indicate to us that they were not accepting any more people. He did not even speak to us. It was apparent to us that they were short staffed once again and could not handle the capacity of patrons they already had. However, we felt the gesture was very rude. He should have came over to politely explain the situation.   We felt our business was not wanted and so we decided to take our business to Omelet House where we have always had good service. We were once loyal customers of Chef's Palate and used to rave about it to many of our friends, but after this rude treatment, we will never come back.
