4	I'm writing a review for the venue part of Club Madrid rather than the club itself.  I was there on a Saturday night for the Vertical Horizon/Nine Days concert.  Right before going in, a very nice older gentleman gave me and the BF VIP passes, which meant we could sit anywhere on the left (as opposed to standing), and we had open bar for the whole show!  I realize I really love small venues where you can get up close and personal with the music acts without all the barriers or security holding you back.  Plus, the performers tend to talk to the audience more when it's a smaller venue because they can actually see faces out there.  The sound system was pretty decent and I can't complain 'cuz I could see everything from where I was sitting.  The VIP passes included top shelf stuff, so I got a nice little buzz going on after ordering the 12 drinks between the two of us.  Haha!  They also let you have in and out privileges so you can grab some grub if you need it.  Too bad you have to leave to find the restrooms though.After the show, you're allowed to stay for the club part.  And we stayed for a little while, it was really sad though because no one was there.  The deejay was doing okay, maybe it was just too early on a Saturday night for the place to be filled.  We would have stayed longer if the VIP passes lasted into the club part.Overall, not bad for a music venue place though.  Small and personal.
5	My old playground...this was the place for me. Many different acts have performed here from "men at work" to a plethera "coverbands/artists".  The main reason why I go to "Club Madrid" or "Club M" (as its now called) is because of the entertainment and it was close to home. Louie Louie (aka "sittin in the lap of luxury"), Loveshack, The Whip Its just to name a few used to play here. If you're lookin for a place to chill out and enjoy the music this is the place to be. You'll see "dave" the guy who has unique dance moves here. Right now, there's No cover charge and Ladies Drink Free! from 9-10 pm (any Well or Domestic Drink)These are the artists that are currently at Club M: Yellow Brick Road plays Fridays at 10. Rich and Famous, Friday at 7pm and Saturdays at 10 pm.Its a low key place and its a good change from the "clubbing" scene (which we all get burn out ....eventually).
2	Drink prices were the only thing I liked about this place.  The music was eh, went on a Friday night, they played classic covers very mediocre-ly.  The crowd was older (im 23) and there weren't very many, ended up leaving early, maybe it got better.  Still looking for a good bar in Henderson :(
4	Over the course of the last year I have become a fan of the Sin City Sinners, one of the best bands in Las Vegas. Club Madrid is the band's usual weekly haunt, so I find myself coming here frequently, often once a week. The place also hosts a variety of other bands/events/etc., as well as concerts for "major" artists that play small venue shows. However, this review is based primarily around the venue being used for Sin City Sinners shows.As far as the layout of the club goes, it's damn near perfect. Pretty much everywhere in the place is a good seat; you shouldn't have trouble seeing the stage. If you want to sit down, there are plenty of tables and chairs, plus you can reserve booths in the back of the venue in advance. If you want to get up close and personal with the bands, there is a "dance floor" of sorts, so you can go crazy, or just stand close to the stage. If you want to get on the floor and rock out, you can definitely do that here. Service is always good as well. While I myself am not a drinker, I have never come to the venue and not had a server come around and ask me if I want anything. It feels good to be noticed and not ignored. The security staff are not afraid to eject anyone who gets out of hand or causes trouble, which is good.I only have two minor complaints with the venue (and these complaints are certainly NOT unique to Club Madrid):1) The music played over the speakers/on the video screens between sets is played FAR TOO LOUD. It is almost impossible to have a conversation during this time without yelling. As I run a classic rock fan group, I am constantly on the hunt for new members, plus I like to socialize with my usual company. Seriously, they could achieve the same effect with this music if they played it at 2/3 the volume they do currently.2) Smoking is allowed. I am prejudiced here, being a non-smoker, but I definitely believe something is wrong when I come home after a long hard night of rock and roll, and my girlfriend complains that I smell like smoke. It also makes for a more stuffy atmosphere in the club, and it makes me wish the place was at least a little more well ventilated. Still, my complaints are minor. This is a terrific concert venue. If you have the chance to see a show here, don't hesitate to do so.
3	I have watched UFC pay per views here a few times. Not an awesome venue, very adequate. There are is lots of seating and there are several  television screens on all walls.
3	My review of Club Madrid is for its use as a concert venue.  I went here last night for the Jose Feliciano concert.  The seating was arranged in almost a semi-circle fashion in front of its proscenium stage.  Last night, the seating was arranged into four sections.The things I liked were the chairs were padded and weren't simply folding metal chairs which become tiresome during a concert.  Also, they were not attached to each other with self-locking plastic ties--again something than some venues do.  The negatives of the seating were that the chairs were close together and while there was plenty of legroom under the chair in front, you couldn't cross your legs without whacking the person sitting next to you.For the concert last night, the sound was excellent.  The sound people were on their toes and kept things at the correct level all night.  I also noticed the number of lights in the club and watched as they were used very effectively for the concert.This is an OK venue for a concert.
2	Venue was dead walking in and smokey. The live music was good. The Artist thought he was tim mcgraw on stage and it was a alot of fun to watch.
3	Back in the day Club Madrid was the spot to dance and party your booty off.  Now there is major competition with GVR right down the way is my guess because as of today Club Madris is a sad out-dated venue.  Saturday night, Spazmatics and hardly anyone there.  Spazmatics is definitely worth the show and even they cant bring the customers in?  A beer and a water was 7 bucks at the bar.  We were charged for the little Station Casinos water. Hmm. Anyways, long story short.  Spaz - 5 stars.  Club Madrid - 2 stars.
4	We come here to watch the UFC fights from time to time. $10 general admission. The fights are shown on several big screens and it's smoke-free! (Difficult to find in this town).  Every round, there is a special on a diff kind of shot (Jameson, jack, some kind of tequila, etc.) beer buckets are $25 for domestic $30 for imported. Each fight they raffle something off to a few people (ex: future beer bucket) Good spot to watch the fights if you don't want to pay full-price to watch it at home.
3	A couple of us went to Club Madrid in the Sunset Station Casino on Thursday May 1st to catch the 2nd set of the band playing after dinner in the steak house. The band was enjoyable as it consisted of a diverse group of talented musicians and singers. The offensive exception was an electric violinist named "Nina" who was rudely profane and hard to look at as she was anorexic in a micro mini skirt. Other than this exception, the musicians were great. However, there was only one cocktail waitress serving the entire club. This meant sitting at a table with leftover bottles and glasses from the previous occupants and going out the casino to get drinks from another bar to bring into the club. It was a packed house with no cover charge so one might think this lack of beverage service was a managerial faux pas.
5	Located inside the Sunset Station Hotel Casino. Great prices, and if you play your cards right you will catch the Lon Bronson All-Stars! A great show.No cover! No drink minimum, but its good form to get one, so pry open your wallets,you cheapies, this isn't the strip the drinks are under $10! Fear not, there is nightlife in Henderson! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
