1	So I hate to write a poor review but in this case I have to do it...I went to the Eva Szabo salon to treat myself to a massage. I made an appt. ahead of time, was looking forward to it all week and then the masseuse never showed up to the spa for my appt.Rescheduled appt. I showed up for my 1-hour massage and they made me wait for probably 15 minutes. They led me to a room that was right off the main room where they do pedicures, manicures etc. aka it's very loud! The massuese came in, started my massage at 6:15, room had bright lights, music was very loud and her massage techniques were overall bad. After I got dressed I looked at my watch and it was 7:00. $80 for a 45 minute massage- Strike 2.After a couple days called back and complained because I was upset I wasted $80 + tip (I'm a nice person) and they said they would reschedule me for another massage free of charge. Was very nice of them but still not a great experience....would not go back again, definitely not worth the hassle.
1	I wish I'd read the previous review before I had scheduled an appointment for a facial. I too had a bad experience here.  Everything started well, but the technician started coughing and had to excuse herself several times.  She left the room several other times as well to get equipment that she should have had in the room.  My room must have been the same room because it was bright and loud.  I could hear people washing equipment, talking and banging cabinets.  I've had many facials and there is usually a very nice head and sholder massage...mine lasted maybe 4 minutes and was very subpar.  When she finished, I looked at my watch and saw that she had stopped a few minutes before the hour.  It was definitely a waste of $80.00.   I'm new here in Pittsburgh so I was looking for a new spa to go to. I will never go here again.
1	I think $40 is too much to pay for a lip and lopsided eyebrow wax. Telling me I have oily skin (duh!) also not a value add. Oh well...
1	The owner(s)  seemed to have closed the Freeport Road location with little regard to customers.  This seems exceptionally rude and my patronage seems to have been taken for granted Could this EastSide location be next? Beware.
5	I give five stars to alert people that my experience here was quite different than the others who have written reviews.I lucked out and got a last minute set of appointments for a leg/underarm wax, a 30 minute massage and a mani-pedi.   I showed up almost a half hour early because I was taking the bus and didn't want to be late, and the reception welcomed me sincerely and with grace and took me to sit in a comfortable chair while I waited.  The spa smells lovely and the music playing throughout gives a nice ambiance while never being too loud.The massage was very good, very relaxing and was actually a little over the half hour I had booked - I'm not going to lie, I kept an eye on the clock due to another reviewer's experience and an experience a couple months ago with the same situation at a different spa.  Happily unfounded, perhaps the offending massage therapist was replaced?  The products used were delightful and the pressure was perfect. The waxing was unequivocally a treat - I have never seen such fast, painless body waxing.  It was slightly pricier than what I would normally pay, but worth every penny.The mani pedi was very relaxing and with all the treatments and massages and filing and trimming and painting and waiting, I never felt that my manicurist was rushing through anything.  She even showed me new polishes and let me see what the color looked like before I decided, which only one person had ever done before.I'm not sure whether the other one star reviewers had horrible luck or an axe to grind, but I almost missed out on a truly lovely afternoon, so I want to make sure a great experience was documented!
4	The only reason why I give it four stars instead of five is it is a bit pricey for the services but I believe the service is the best in Shadyside. Nina is wonderful at lip and eyebrow wax. She is efficient, precise and has a nice touch. Somehow, Nina is able to wax without the sting or the redness that can occur. She performs the service quickly but it isn't rushed so I can relax.  She has wonderful suggestions for nail color and is fun to talk to if you feel chatty. If you are tired, she will let you relax. The facility has a wonderful view with floor to ceiling windows which is nice to look out at during your pedicure. The atmosphere is calm and quiet. --Very relaxing.
5	I scheduled a brazilian wax at Eva Szabo, after having a less than satisfactory experience at a different spa across town.Anna did my waxing, which was actually a sugaring. She was professional, efficient, precise, took her time and listened to my concerns about the aftermath of my previous wax job. I experienced little to no irritation immediately after and in the weeks following my waxing. This leads me to believe that Anna may, in fact, be a magician. I can't speak highly enough of the service that I received from Anna. Pricing was $70, which is totally reasonable for a brazilian. I probably wouldn't come here for any other services, but Anna's magical sugaring will keep me coming back.
5	UPDATE: Can I give six stars? After having a facial with Eva herself, I will never go anywhere else. Eva was wonderful and attentive, not to mention great company. My facial was tailored to my needs and my skin feels amazing. Would absolutely recommend.
