3	Don't know why it says closed, came for my rib eyes 4.49 a lb, luv when they have sales on ny or rib eyes steaks . The beef is choice grade maybe not on par w/ John mulls or costco but for the price, can't beat it . I also like  the seafood counter better then albertsons, for some reason all the albertsons fish counters smell.
5	Natalie at the meat counter is always a delight and Todd does a good job ordering items that are not typically carried (i.e. fresh Rhubarb). I was at Albertson's just up the street and was going to but two Salmon Filets for the BBQ recently, but unlike Smith's, they don't have skin-on filets (and cut to order, if you ask nicely).I actually put down the items I was going to buy and went back to Smith's - where I know I can get what I want. I like that Smith's still sends me coupons for the things I buy the most, and that the cashiers are always friendly and helpful.
2	I'm usually pretty happy. Except for the cashier who is all in your grocery business. Today I did a late night shopping and was disappointed I had to check myself and bag all my groceries.  The machine likes to give you a major hard time. Looking up vegetables was a pain! Call button is ignored!
5	The staff in the bakery rock! Thanks for all the wonderful cakes you make for us here at Las Vegas Dissemination Company. All the employees love the cakes you bake for us:) Yay! Great cake, staff, quality and reliability! Mary Irby Las Vegas
5	The pharmacy staff is amazing. The get your prescription filled while you wait. The pharmacist is super friendly and seems to remember me and my husband as well as the meds we take and our conditions. She has also has helped push medications thru my insurance company.I would drive across town to go to this pharmacy
4	My family has been shopping at this Smith's for nearly 18 years. It is consistently one of the best supermarkets I have been in. It is not TJ's or Whole foods ( but those are different beasts all together!)Perhaps it is the large size with the spacious isles that has me smitten with this place but they also have a really large selection of your typical Supermarket items.Good Deli, Great selection of most every product. Their produce and vegetables are actually pretty good as well!I feel this is almost like a costco as you can buy a lot of things in bulk here.Help is really awesome as well.Parking is great.....sorry I'm from San Francisco and parking is a blood sport.
1	Things always seem to be highly unorganized. I went to the store and the entire baby section was under construction. I found where the baby stuff was put temporarily. When I asked an associate if I could purchase these items I was told, "no they aren't put in yet." I walked away. The associates proceeded to make comments and talk about the situation. Extremely unprofessional.
