2	Great interior and fantastic service.  Was there for a Thursday lunch.Shared the Elizabeth special pizza.  Cheese was watery, virtually no sauce, and a bland taste.  Even loaded up with salt, pepper - bland.  Not what I remember from other Hawthorne locatons.  Didn't have time to re-order.
3	Went to check out Hawthorne's last night and the overall experience was a-ok but not outstanding.  It was pretty busy when we arrived so we went to wait at the bar. I ordered a glass of wine and then a bar table opened up... so we were seated there.  Our server was new and really did not know a lot about the menu yet. However, he talked us into getting an order of garlic knots. I have to say, these were not the best garlic knots.  They were big, yeasty rolls - not exactly what I was expecting.  Unfortunately, I didn't think they served enough marinara sauce on the side to go with the big ole dough-balls.  (I think the garlic knots at Palones Pizza and Marios Pizza are better.)  For dinner, I ordered a side salad and the veggie pizza with chicken.  The crust was pretty good but the pizza was a little light on sauce and cheese.  I can't say that it is my favorite pizza, but it was reasonably tasty. Unfortunately for them, there is a lot of competition in the local area for pizza & pasta ....including Palones, Lorenzos, Marios, Portofinos, Mellow Mushroom, etc.  I thought the prices were sort of "meh".... as we dropped about $100 (before tip) for 4 people (we ordered 1 appetizer, 1 sandwich, 1 nine inch pizza, 1 large pizza, 2 beers,  2 glasses of wine).I would definitely be willing to go back here to give them another shot, but based on this visit, they have not yet earned a spot at top of my list.
4	I've been a big fan of Hawthornes Pizza for a while now and was glad to see a location open up closer to home. Great location with convenient parking. The restaurant has a warm cozy feel with high ceilings and a decent sized bar. My favorite is still The Crew pizza and this location did it right, as usual. My kids love that the Pizza Chef will give them dough to play with as we wait for the food. Look forward to coming back soon!
4	Good pizza great pasta but portions are a bit small for the price
5	I work in The Village at Robinson Farm, so I was super excited when Hawthorne's opened. It's the perfect restaurant in that location, and they're here to stay. The food is outstanding. I am in love with the caesar salad (add grilled chicken), although their pizzas and other treats are just as good. The wings aren't bad, either! They have a full bar and the atmosphere is a perfect casual spot to land, whether it's after a soccer game, a lunch meeting, dinner on a weeknight, anytime of the day/night. You won't be disappointed.
4	We ordered a half white, half buffalo chicken for takeout. Glad we did as the wait was an hour plus when we picked up the pie. White was excellent - I've been looking for a good white slice since moving to Charlotte and this is an excellent option. Buffalo chicken was tasty but I will agree with other reviews that the toppings were spare; light on chicken and buffalo sauce. Overall, we will definitely be ordering pies for take out again in the future.
1	I have eaten here 2 times. Never again! The first time we tried their "NY' pizza. it is NOT NY pizza. The crust was not very good. There are many better choices here in Charlotte for real NY pizza.The 2nd time was a couple of days ago when we tried their food. Although the food was good, my wife's salad with chicken ($12) came with no bread. When I asked for bread they immediately brought some. $1.50 was added to my check for the bread and butter.  Paying for bread at a place that bills itself as an Italian restaurant.Go here for drinks but go elsewhere for Italian food and pizza
4	Had a nice "after church" lunch at Hawthornes with the wife and kids today.  My # 1 Daughter was in one of her moods which was quickly turned around when we entered and she saw the game room and they handed her some pizza dough to play with (SCORE).I have never been inside this place before and any of the previous locations, but it seems like a bad design, IMO.  Huge kitchen, hostess stand which seems to me would be better spent with more seating.  I did, however, like the outside area which was heated and tented off.The food was excellent.  I had a calzone with 3 toppings.  The cheese was plentiful and the topping were all fresh and well done.  Great flavor, and the side of marinara complemented the meal well.  My kids split the tomato, basil pizza which I had to try and it was very good.  Fresh ingredients make a pizza and this was definitely fresh with a nice garlic flavor which as a full blooded Eyetalian, I appreciate.  My wife had a salad with shrimp which she liked, her comment was that the shrimp wasn't that great and seemed precooked and warmed but the rosemary balsamic dressing and salad, in general was good.The service was friendly and attentive.  The waitress knew exactly when to stop buy and saw that my calzone was starting to get a bit messy and either she has a direct line to Sister Cleo or saw the globs of marinara all over my face and brought extra napkins without me having to ask.Great location, good food and nice atmosphere all made for an all around good experience.  Well done Hawthornes, we'll be back!
1	Probably pretty good if you're a friend of the owner. We had waited for 20 minutes or so when two tables cleared and we were told we would be next. The manager walked over to the now open tables and pulled them together. The young hostess told us we would need to continue to wait as friends of the owner were arriving. The owner certainly has the right to seat whoever he wants whenever he wants, but then again I have a right to comment on it. Hope he has lots of friends who can fill this place up. Lots of good pizza places with much better service.
4	big portions! my wife and I had the chili cheese dip, yup very good! (make sure you bring your tums) turkey club is what i usually get. all around a good atmosphere!
4	This was my second trip to Hawthorne's and both times I was WOW-ed by the service and food. My first visit to Hawthorne's was for a Yelp event and I was lucky enough to sample many items in the menu. My top favorites were the crispy cajun shrimp, penne a la vodka, all the sandwiches on that homemade fresh baked focaccia bread and let's not forget the pizza! I loved them all but The Crew pizza with sausage, banana peppers and red onions was a real winner for me! I loved the combinations of flavors and would definitely recommend it to anyone! The staff as well as the manager here were very attentive and nice, it was just an overall great experience! Well my second visit did not disappoint me! Again, service was excellent and the food was hot and delicious!I decided to go with take out and ordered the Ultimate Spinach Pizza which has fresh spinach tossed in garlic oil and spices with mozzarella and Gorgonzola cheese.When I arrived I was greeted immediately and my food was HOT and ready, the cashier and even the manger thanked me for coming in ordering and I was out the door in no time! The pizza was awesome!!! The spinach had so much flavor with the oil and spices and what's not to love about the mozzarella and Gorgonzola mix...super cheesy and wonderful! And that crust was killer!!! I already love NY style pizza but this crust was passed the crispy test as well as the fold test. I enjoyed every bite! Can't wait to try more of their pizzas!!! After two great visits I know I will definitely be back! Excellent job, Hawthorne's!!!
4	Hooooooooly smickity smack - Hawthorne's threw it down for us today and I am a fan for life now!This is my second trip to Hawthorne's.  Like Candyce B. reviewed, I attended a Yelp event where the service and food was absolutely amazing, but I had to return on a normal day to see if the service and food were of the same quality and they absolutely were.  My lunch date and I had an amazing lunch today and I am tempted to go back for dinner to have their special of the day.Visiting at 11:45 on a Sunday for lunch to try and beat the second service church crowd, parking was already a bit of a cluster (I hate compact car parking... seriously... it's the south, most of us drive full size vehicles), but there was ample parking.  Other than The Meat House, it seems to be mostly restaurants and offices at The Village at Robinson Farm, so I guess everyone was hungry on this gorgeous Sunday.  We arrived to a friendly hostess and were seated immediately.  Our super friendly server arrived seconds later to get our drink order and told us about the special of the day - it's St. Paddy's Day, so the special was a Reuben pizza, which we got the 9" pizza as an appetizer.  Oh. My. Dog.  So simple, but so delicious.  There was no red sauce, just mozzarella, swiss, thinly sliced corned beef, sauerkraut with a small drizzle of thousand island, served on a thin wonderful crust.  It was AMAZING, absolutely delicious.  The crust was perfectly cooked, thin and crisp without being hard.  YUM!  I had corned beef and cabbage for dinner last night, this reuben pizza for lunch and I am seriously considering going back for dinner tonight for more of the reuben pizza.  This needs to go on the menu full time!I ordered a Philly cheesesteak for lunch, which was nice pieces of beef with cheese and a chipotle mayo served on toasted bread.  It was good.  My lunch date had the lasagna, which he said was delicious.  The meat sauce was full of meat and it looked and smelled really good.  We were too full for dessert (4 hours later and I am still stuffed), but I will be trying some dessert on my next dine-in visit.Our server was wonderful.  Attentive, kept drinks filled, provided some lunchtime entertainment, he was excellent.  Lunch took an hour and a half with waits on the food, which I thought was a bit long, but the food was quite good, the drinks were kept full and the company was great, so no complaints.  I shall return as often as possible.
4	Hawthorne's has moved to my neighborhood and I'm a fan! The pizza remains just as good as the other locations and the garlic rolls continue to haunt me even when I try to resist. Good deals on beer and the atmosphere is a nice place to catch the game. Overall, good place to get some NY style pizza.
3	The best food here is the pizza. I tried many other items in the menu. The waiter was friendly.
3	I have loved everything that I have eaten at Hawthorne's - until tonight.  Everything that hit the table was a hot mess that I am sure I will be paying for well into tomorrow.In the past, I have LOVED their reuben pizza that was a special on St. Paddy's Day, and the white pizza is delicious.  Tonight's order of the spinach artichoke dip and the special white pizza were so not good... not good at all.  Spinach Artichoke Dip ($8) - overpriced even if it is outstanding, which it is NOT.  Served boiling hot with a layer of cheese on top, I had high hopes.  Under the layer of cheese, which turns into a blob that cannot be portioned once you stir the dip, is more of a soup than a dip.  Thin, under-flavored.  Bad.  The tortilla chips were good though.  9" Special White Pizza ($9) - Ricotta cream sauce topped with mozzarella, pesto sauce & sundried tomatoes.  As stated before, I love their white pizza, but this was an oil slick of bleh.  Since pesto is made with olive oil, I guess when it is hot on top of a pizza, the oil starts to run for freedom, drenching the top of the pizza in olive oil and making the crust a soggy mess.   I tried to get as much off of it as possible, but it just got all over the bottom crust.  So bad.  This could be a well flavored pizza, but the oil ruined it.  The manager, who I recognized from our Yelp Elite event, noticed my consternation with the pizza and brought more napkins and some handiwipes for my hands, but the entire meal was a disaster (olive oil doesn't come out of knit tops, btw).   I will return to Hawthorne's eventually, but will never order either of these items again - horrible!
5	My sweetheart and I drove down to get some specialty meat next door and decided to try this pizza place for a late lunch.  We love to try new things.  I found a compact car parking spot in the shade.  (you always have to walk a little further when shade is a priority)  There was the option to sit out in a covered patio, but we chose the air conditioned inside.  We were seated immediately.  I had noticed a sticker on the door saying that they are reviewed on Yelp and we had just started using the program.  So I pulled up the app as soon as we sat down, checked in, and rattled off reviews to the hubs.  The waitresses were great.  We got waters and a 9" pesto pizza to share.  I do not presume to know how a NY pizza should be, as do some more experienced pizza critics.  Ours came out very hot and the waitress was checking if it was good even before it was cooled enough to eat. I thought the thin crust was crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside.  I liked the pesto, cheese and fresh tomatoes combination.  I thought it had the perfect amount of toppings for such a pizza, but can see how some other reviews think it would be skimpy. I would get this again...or probably try something new.  As a mother, I noticed the family-oriented atmosphere.  It intrigued me that the kids got crayons and a color sheet as well as a small ball of pizza dough.  One kids nibbled on the raw dough another used it like clay and was poking holes in it with her crayons.  Then they went to the game room hidden in a corner. I asked our waitress about the balls of dough and she sighed and said they make quite a mess.  I noticed how well they were cleaning the tables though, and did NOT notice any dried dough remnants on my particular table.
4	Hawthornes had an excellent selection of pizza, and food.  We really enjoyed our experience here for lunch.  This the closest we have found to true "NY style" pizza crust.
4	Had a quick solo meal at the bar. Elizabeth Pizza was superb full of flavor well dressed with plenty of goodies and crispy where it should be. Great service at the bar all round super experience. I'll certainly be back!!
4	My favorite pizza joint, far and away...   Always consistently great pies and other entrees served with a professional and cheery attitude.   Great chain in the Charlotte area and so glad that the Ballantyne location opened up after I moved down from the university area where I frequented the Highland Creek joint on a regular basis.The Elizabeth Pizza is a personal favorite.  The garlic knots are always a great way to start but better have some gum for later.  Taste incredible!Great family spot and good place to watch a game at the bar as well.
5	This place was excellent ... We're foodies and eat all over the place and hardly right reviews but I had to let everyone know how good it was. Get the ultimate spinach if you like garlic thanks again Hawthorne .
3	This is the third Hawthorne's I've eaten at in Charlotte, but for some reason, the service here is the slowest of any. The pizza is terrific, and the garlic knots some of the best in Charlotte. But on both of our recent visits, the wait staff seemed overwhelmed and took WAY too long to deliver our drinks and dinner. My beer showed up at my table without any foam, which tells me it had been poured long before it was brought out. Also, the patio area, where we were seated on both occasions, is cramped and uncomfortable. It also seems to be the most direct route to the dumpster, as we saw kitchen staff bringing large bags of garbage through at least once. Until management gets the service issues straightened out, we'll stick with the locations in Elizabeth and on Carmel Rd.
1	I'm a regular at Hawthorne and normally this location is good for service and food. But today was the pits. Called in pizza and ravioli for carry out. Pick up time quoted...30 mins. Arrived and this place was packed (Friday night). Paid and waited and waited and waited. After a total time of 50 mins. my pie was found...had lost ticket. Ravioli was missing, left without it but had pizza in hand. Two managers saw my disgust and told me to wait and they would follow up. No luckThe good news the pie was good Unfortunately  their "system" needs some fine tuning
4	My boyfriend and I have been goin here for about a year now. The serice is great, food excellent and clean. The garlic knots are amazing. Howver, you can ony get 6 or 12. NOrmal kots are small, so 6-12 would manageable. The knots are huge and getting 3 or less should be an option. The staff is great but one person there always stands out to me. Jackie has waited on us almost every week. She is by far the best in custoer service there. She is friendly, knowelgable and attentive. She is managment material!
5	We were a large party and Terry took EXCELLENT care of us! Terry was awesome! Thanks, Ter-Bear!
4	I've been frequenting this Hawthorne's for the specific purpose of enjoying their pasta and carb-loading for my half marathons and running races.  Their pasta portions are generous, but not heaping... so I am usually able to finish the plate and not have to tote a box out of here.Overall, the place is kept very clean and the managers/staff make it a point to make you happy during your experiences here.  They have some decent lunch specials if you are in the area for lunch... and of course... their pizza.  I do like how it is a bit "off the beaten path" since it isn't lost in the Stonecrest shopping center, and has a big enough parking lot that you don't have to worry about finding  a place to park.  I don't really frequent any of the other locations in the strip... but the Meat House seems really popular and Cosmos is still here as well.I think the only thing I will ding them on will be the fact that they added this covered porch area to the front of the establishment and it makes it hard to see the actual front door.  Once you know where you are going, its not a big deal, but I would imagine a lot of people get lost by trying to go through the patio area first (good thing they added... use "other door" onto the patio door.... but people tend to miss the small details and do what they want in my experience).
3	This is my go to place if I don't make pizza at home.  The staff is very friendly but the bartenders are usually up selling way too much. Pizza is good from a topping point of view but the dough/crust could use some aging(meaning flavor) .  I'd hope they would make the dough a day before and let it retard overnight.  This creates the best bread or pizza. Please improve; you have a lot of competition in Charlotte.
5	Love the food here! I am a regular as well and they treat us very well. I definitely recommend this place for great pizza and drinks. Wait staff is friendly and if an order is ever wrong, they remedy the situation quickly and efficiently!
4	I'm going to make this short and sweet. Garlic knots are awesome. Excellent New York style but there is a price. Excellent atmosphere and the waiters/waitresses are almost always very good. What keeps this from a 5 star is the parking. This location is becoming crowded, and on a Friday or Saturday night there's a good chance a spot will be hard to find. They need to find a way to expand parking.
4	This is our favorite pizza place in Ballantyne. The pesto pizza is ridiculously good, as well as the spinach pizza. Went in one night to pick up takeout and my husband has accidentally ordered from the Carmel Road location - they said no worries, remade our order at no extra charge & got me a drink while I was waiting. That's the kind of customer service that keeps us happy!Great place, good food, reasonable prices.
5	Garlic knots are to die for! Very kid and family friendly restaurant. Dough for the kids to play with although the three kids we had with us did not get offered any at lunch yesterday. Pizza is always fresh and hot! Great kids menu. Service is always friendly and accommodating. A manager always stops by and introduces themselves. Great place!!!!
5	I've been here a few times now, and really can't say enough about the service - The pizza here great, the cold beer and value great.  But the service is exceptional, servers that genuinely seem to enjoy their jobs and it shows.  Had to reach out and write this one because we were passing by on a walk with our dog the other day, and it was pretty warm so we wanted to stop in for a beer on the patio.  We sat in a far corner and asked if it would be ok with the dog, and the waitress came over, (I think her name was Carter? really wish I'd have written it down) she was an absolute ANGEL, brought us a water bowl for the dog - Was quick with beer and our appetizers, besides making her run all the way outside in the sauntering heat, and a sweetheart to our little pup.  Happy customers will recommend to friends and family.  Thank you!
4	You must get their Garlic Knots. Great food and good atmosphere. Has a bit of a sports bar feel but the good food makes up for it.
4	I always thought the pizza was excruciatingly good. I admit I have been piqued with certain pricing issues in the past, but every time they--management--have taken measures to cause me to do a volte-face; and now I find myself once again,  Hawthorne's box nestled next to me in the passenger's seat, riding home to the family on a Friday night, ambrosial fumes causing my right foot to dig for a slightly shorter trip home.
5	Great food and even better service. I cannot even begin to tell you how wonderful their staff is. I was part of a large party that came in 30 minutes before they closed. I am very sensitive to that since I was a server for many years but the server and management encouraged us to stay (we originally did not know what time they closed). I had the Greek pizza which was very good. Everyone enjoyed their food.
2	Friendly and helpful staff. Very nice location and comfortable outside sitting. BUT all that doesn't matter is pizza is terrible.  I've had frozen pizza that tasted better. Went there 2 times. Tried to give them a second chance. Didn't work out well. Both times ordered Hawaiian pizza and both time was grossly dissapointed. Last time I even managed to find pieces of chicken in my Hawaiian pizza.... :/
5	Best NY slices I've had so far in Charlotte! Hearty portions, fast and friendly service, fair prices. Open HUGE pie ovens, decent sized bar, enclosed patio, open patio with fire pit, kids video game room. Personal favorite - Crew pizza, but there isn't a specialty pizza I've tried so far I haven't loved. Pastas and salads are fantastic. Ask for Jackie - she's my family's favorite server :)
4	Always consistent in service and food quality. No real issues besides the small waiting area if the tables are full however they do a fairly good job of flipping tables to accommodate diners. The run nightly specials and if you decide on an 18in pizza, ask to have them double cut it since the slices are large.
