5	This place is absolutely eye candy for those who study architecture or for the layman alike. Imagined and created by Frank Lloyd Wright, the Monona Terrace Community Center is said to have been Wright's "dream civic center".  The irony of this was, although Wright dreamed it in 1938- the center did not become a reality until 1992.The building is beautiful- a semi circle of white nestled on the edge of Lake Monona.  The interesting thing about the design is that since it is only 2 blocks from the Capital building- it links the Capital and the lake it sits on making them almost one unit.  In true Wright style- a portion of the building extends about 90 feet over the water and has a curved wall of windows that allows visitors to see the lake in its entirety.The meeting rooms can accommodate groups of all sizes and the food service within the Center is good. There is also a rooftop garden that is ideal for parties.  We had cocktails out there along with a jazz band one evening and it was absolutely an incredible experience as you could not only see the lake, but by turning around- you could view the Capital and downtown Madison.The walls of the center are lined with pictures of Frank Lloyd Wright and many of his projects across the country.  Guided tours are given daily at 1:00 and cost $3.  There is also a small gift shop carrying Frank Lloyd Wright and Madison souvenirs.This center is joined to the Hilton Hotel by a walkway which allows guests of the hotel attending conventions in the center to move freely between the two structures.What was a dream in 1938, is today, a stunning tribute to the man who had the vision to dream.
3	I can't say I agree with Carol's review, but since I don't live in Madison and since all I did was spend some time walking through the facility, I can certainly concede that living in Madison would probably alter my sentiments.  That having been said, Peter and I made a special trip to Monona Terrace on our way to the airport because we love Frank Lloyd Wright, had traveled to Taliesin, and had not had a chance to see any other local buildings in our brief trip to Madison.  As an example of Wright architecture, it is a disappointment.  As a civic center and public building, it is lovely.  While certain key Wright elements do exist within the space, as Carol mentions, it sadly bears the stamp of so many public buildings in that it possesses no point of view, Wright's or otherwise, and essentially has no real aesthetic.  It is a lovely building, but you can sense the committee-ization of every aspect of the space.  Bathrooms Wright designed to be at entry level are now flanking the main function areas downstairs to allow them to be larger and preserve more room for ballroom and meeting rooms upstairs.  Practical, sure, but antithetical to Wright's philosophy who never met a bathroom he didn't want to make smaller in order to maximize living space.   It echoes Wright's beliefs of being close to and in harmony with nature, and the curves and elegant lines of the exterior complement the landscape from all perspectives.  However, much of Wright's trademark materials, color schemes and design elements are absent.  What remains is a benign, elegant center, which certainly can offend nobody--which was never Wright's mission, and certainly wasn't his intention.  While Wright's buildings are impractical and the materials he specified don't hold up well, to call this a Wright building, given the concessions and the changes, is really inaccurate.It is a tasteful and attractive space, but the interior especially has little or nothing to do with Wright, with the exception of the type styles the signage in the building utilize.  Worth a visit, but not $3 for a tour, and don't go expecting to see a Frank Lloyd Wright building.
2	I haven't seen Monona Terrace so much as a tourist as a conference and wedding attendee. I've been there several times and I must conclude that there really is nothing terribly special about this place, aside from the beautiful semi-circular rooms that face Lake Monona. I have found myself noshing in that space with a bunch of strangers talking about economic development or education or some other topic of enlightened discussion. It's nice, but it's a conference center. It doesn't rise above its genre. The rooms where the majority of meetings take place at this conference center, however, are pretty terrible. Oddly shaped, poor acoustics, just ill suited for their purpose. One time I sat in a room shaped like a long rectangle trying to listen to a keynote speaker placed right in the middle of one of the long walls. Most people were left to crane their necks just to see the guy. The food wasn't really all of that either. Moreover, I find it rather humorous that Madison chose to call this a "conference and community center," when, like other conference centers, there is a person stationed at the entrance whose job it is to keep you out of there if you have no "official" reason to be there. Not very democratic for a "community center." One time I also attended a concert on the roof of the Monona Terrace. It was a nice setting, but the band was horrible. Almost unlistenably bad.
5	I'm with Carol K. on this one, but I had the guided tour (being the FLW afficionado I am). Very Guggenheim-esque, as Wright seemed to be into circles toward the end of his life. Had a wonderful guide, full of anecdotes about Mr. Wright and his temperament. Beautiful views of Lake Monona from the back, and I'd think it would be great to have a wedding reception or some other (non-boring) function here.
1	Our friend's wedding was held at the Monona Terrace last weekend.  We started off with cocktails on the rooftop.  It was a warm sunny day that just enhanced the amazing view of Lake Monona and also the direct view of the Capital.  Unfortunately, the food wasn't as amazing as the view.  The bruschetta was soggy, the cucumber topped with crab meat had no flavor, and we didn't even bother trying the chicken kabobs because they looked so disgusting.We headed back inside for the reception.  We got to the floor we thought the wedding was on and the staff told us we had to take the escalator down one more flight.  We did and felt like we were in the basement.  The semi circular room faced the lake, but by that time it was dark so there was nothing to see besides the flood lights outside.  Because of the shape of the room nothing flowed very well.  There were also huge pillars blocking lots of views.  The meal was a filet and chicken breast with roasted potatoes.  My chicken was mushy, but the filet was ok. My husband said his filet was tough.  The potatoes weren't even that good.The reception went until midnight, but around 11:00 the waitstaff started breaking down the room!  They moved alot of the centerpieces to one area by the door(onto a flatbed cart they earlier pulled through the crowd hanging around the very small bar area) and removed the table cloths from some of the tables.  I couldn't believe what I was seeing.  The room above the one we were in may be a better choice for an event, but after I saw how the staff acted I would stay away from this place...especially if it's your wedding.
4	spent a few days in wonderful Madison attending training at subzero/wolf appliance.  this hotel was clean and staff was friendly.  really close to everything.  chophouse restaurant and olive restaurant our on premises and have great selection of high quality food.
5	I'm a huge Frank Lloyd Wright fan, so when I heard Monona Terrace was one of his later in life designs, I decided to check it out via a guided tour. Our tour guide was awesome! You could tell she was passionate about the building and Frank Lloyd Wright himself. She told us amusing anecdotes about the controversy surrounding the construction. She showed us a drawing of Frank's original design and a photograph of what was actually built. Even though everything Frank wanted wasn't built, it's still an amazing structure. Great for trade shows, conventions, meetings, and events with a beautiful view of the water, this is one place I'd like to come back to again.
4	i don't know much about Frank Lloyd Wright and architecture but I do know that I am a big fan of Otis Redding. After planning a weekend trip to Madison, I wanted to find a nice spot to have a picnic and Monona terrace came up on the list. they have a rooftop garden and lucky for us it was about 75 degrees and sunny. my gf was absolutely impressed as we ate our lunch and looked out over Lake monona with the Capitol bldg as our backdrop. We then took a small walk to visit the bench and plaque which pay homage to Otis Redding as he died in a plane crash at Lake Monona. The bldg is gorgeous and it adds a great touch to anyone looking to enjoy the lake and Madison for free!
4	Beautiful building, easy to get around.  The buffet that was prepared for the event was really great actually, for conference food (it was italian themed).
4	This building is beautiful, with an absolutely stunning view of the lake.  I recently visited for a multi-day conference and was really impressed with the space.  The food I thought was of variable quality...although still impressive given that they were catering for about 2600 people.  (And in the seven meals I had there I felt like they had a nice amount of variety).  The rooftop is gorgeous- with terraced gardens, a giant fountain, and a small restaurant that serves snacks and cocktails.
5	OTIS! 5 stars because it's where you go to honor the late great Otis Redding. Tip: go to the top floor, head left toward the cafe, and it's just outside there near the railing with a bench, a plaque, and a view of the lake where we lost a legend. The marker reads:OTIS REDDINGTHE KING OF THE SOUL SINGERS1941 - 1967This seating area is dedicated to honor the memory of Otis Redding, Jr., who lost his life in a plane crash in Lake Monona on December 10, 1967 while en route to a Madison engagement.Known as the "King of the Soul Singers," Redding was acclaimed during his life in France and England as the world's top popular male singer. Four months after his death, he achieved his first American number one record with "Dock of the Bay."On the morning of the flight to Madison, Redding had been warned of bad weather and was advised to postpone his trip. His loyalty to his Madison fans forced him to proceed. It was the only engagement of his career that he ever missed.Otis Redding stands with Ray Charles, Aretha Franklin, and Sam Cooke in the first rank of American rhythm and blues singers.ERECTED 1987BY THEOTIS REDDING MEMORIAL FUND
4	Nifty little nook overlooking the lake in Madison.  There is a nice outdoor bar where a respectable pina colada (or 6) can be had.  Don't drink too much though; you might fall off the balcony, and given your luck you'll probably hit the sidewalk, not the water.
5	Beautiful views!I was in a wedding here yesterday, which was incredible. The ceremony was on the terrace, which got a little warm, but the views were worth it. The reception was downstairs in a room that fit ~150 guests with large floor to ceiling windows overlooking the lake. The food provided was delicious and servers were very attentive to make sure the wedding party always had full cocktails/drinks.
4	I enjoy the view where I can enjoy Monona, the fountain and Capitol at the same. Just perfect and what else do you want? This place is cool. Would def. be back to see another rooftop concert or simply chill out.
5	I was a Monona Terrace Convention Center for a three day conference. It was hands down the best conference experience I've ever had. From the venue with it's classy, unique, and original Frank Lloyd Wright components (and a great gift store celebrating this), to the food, staff (busing, serving, and running the technology), I was never disappointed. When you are going to spend 24+ hours in 3 days, largely sitting and listening, wondering what they day is like outside and what it'd be like to breathe fresh air, it's a real honor to have the accommodations such as those at Monona Terrace. The highlight of this space is the overall design (only appreciated through photos from across the lake and above) and the hall that looks out onto the beautiful body of water. In quite practical terms the food was lovely. We enjoyed a European Style breakfast, a Mediterranean lunch, Continental breakfast with bialys, a picnic lunch (with eggs salad I'm still thinking about), and great snack and beverage service at every turn. I did not go hungry and enjoyed every meal. Again, huge compliments to this facility and their wonderful staff.
4	Have been to the MTCCC many times over the years, and have never had anything short of a wonderful time. Friendly and helpful staff are eager to point you to the correct meeting room or banquet hall. Catering has always been excellent. At events where there are drinks, the prices are reasonable.Only ding? The parking ramp should come with a piece of cheese at the exit. What a maze...
4	Looking forward to spending more time here.  Great views of Lake Monona & the Capitol.  Awesome community events, too!
5	This place is amazing. Their outdoor terrace on the top is the best thing ever! We got food at various food carts and walked here to have lunch and just soak in the wonderful view. I highly recommend this as a place to just casually have lunch and just relax.
3	Apparently all it takes is a well known name to make the crowds flock and "ohh and ahh" over a building. For a Frank Lloyd Wright building, the Monona Terrace is not at all spectacular. In comparison to works such as Fallingwater, the Monona Terrace is nothing more than a typical community center with awkwardly placed bathrooms and lots of escalators. The convention center relies heavily on the Wright's name to draw interest, and has dedicated large portions of the interior to pictures and plaques depicting him and his life.While the exterior mimics the fluidity of the two lakes between which it sits, the inside is stifling and lacks a natural feeling. There is a distinct rigidity inside, that seems unnatural when paired against the view of the lake from the big glass windows. The carpets are a burnt orange/red color, and the conference rooms are small. Once filled, the tables and bodies are akin to sardines stacked neatly on top of one another. The rooftop offers some views worth taking in, once you get away from the tables and the areas being set up for special events. The convention center does not permit outside food, except for wedding cakes. So the food was hit or miss. Potatoes were served with just about every meal, mostly as "salad" (which was odd when paired with Mexican styled foods). No bottles of water were made available, the most convenient beverages were cans of soda. Service as a whole was odd. Wait staff barely allowed plates to near empty before swooping in. The bartenders, however, rocked. They were friendly, chatty, and they were great with remembering faces and desired beverages. Only once during my four days in the building did I see anyone representing the building other than wait staff.As a whole - I was not impressed with the Monona Terrace, this "beautiful" building that I had heard so much about... If anything, it distracts from the natural beauty of Lake Monona.
4	Dane Dances with Madi-Salsa and The Eddie Butts band! Last one for the year. Plan ahead for every Friday next August. It'll be you and 3,000 new friends!
5	Wow, we just came here just in time on the day before Labor Day.  Only tour is at 1PM which was nice to plan ahead on our 4-hr drive from St. Paul/Minneapolis area.  The tour costs $3 for adults and $2 for children/students.  The tour is approximately 1 hour and we had a great tour with our docent, Jane.  She normally does the tour in the winter time but apparently summer time most volunteers opt out.  To our fortunate accident, Jane gave a wonderful tour of the different floors as well as outside facing the State Capitol.  We finally realized how FLW imagined how his hometown's convention center should look and feel.  I can't believe he did this for only $250 out of a labor of love.  Jane took the time to answer all questions as well as share photos and old carpeting so we knew how things used to look before some renovations.  There was a wedding banquet and almost wished we lived closer to even dream of this place.  Get here early since it looks like summer tours fill up.  There were 18 total but didn't seem to mind that we had a slightly larger crowd.  The gift shop was a bit pricey and didn't seem to find anything to our liking.  Afterwards you can walk towards the State Capitol on MLK and take a free tour.
5	Phenomenal event venue. Location was perfect, amazing view, and parking was only $5 for the whole day. We held a day-long professional conference here and everything went very well. We received many compliments on the venue from conference attendees. Staff were extremely helpful with tech support and welcoming attendees at the door and giving directions. We also took advantage of their catering service and were very impressed. Great selection of tea, soda, coffee, water and different rounds of pastries and baked goods, plus a social hour with hors d'oeuvres at the end of the day. Our association would definitely use this venue again. Highly recommended!
