2	On Friday I spent my day at Jurlique Spa in Scottsdale.  It was my first day off in a long time and I was excited to spend it relaxing.  This was a 65 mile drive for me and my visit totaled $245.00 (that was the half off price).  I know its taboo to list prices but I think its relevant to this review because its no small chunk of change for anyone in today's economy.I needed a few days to cool down before I wrote this review.  Jurlique opened their business to the yelp community and offered half off on their services.  For this alone I am grateful.As I walked in I was greeted by a very pushy and "cold" receptionist. I was very rushed by her.  She didn't introduce me to the establishment or befriend me as a new customer.  It was go go go.  Following this, I was on a rapid assembly line by the rest of the staff.They started me off with the Signature Harmony Massage.  This was literally a gewfest of rushed body oiling and back pinching.  The pressure was light to medium but more light.  This would have been nice to know prior to agreeing to the massage.  I workout and I have knots, deep ones, that require some pressure other than light surface friction.  I mentioned this but either she was unable to increase the pressure or she was very adamant about doing the specific massage.  She was also very very nervous.  Its difficult to explain but she just was.  I don't think she has done many male massages.  She was a very nice girl but the massage was horrible.  It had no rhythm or flow. Nothing about this "massage" was relaxing and I felt like all I got for my time and money was half a bottle of scented oil.Next was the Intense Recovery Facial.  This was done very well by Lindsey.  She made an intelligent effort to get to know my skin patterns and truly adapted her treatment for my skin. She was confident and had a very good work ethic.  I could tell that she knew her craft well.  This included: exfoliating washes, steaming, painful but necessary extractions, a great mask, and lots of moisturizing.  When she was finished I looked like someone pushed me into a gravel pit....and I couldn't be more thrilled.  It's a good sign of a good facial, it is!  Had this been my only experience here the over all review would have been much better.  (My skin looks great this Monday morning!)To finish off my day I had Jurlique's Wildflower Pedi.  I get Pedi's on a regular bases and I have never in my life paid $70 for one but I was looking forward to seeing what I've been missing out on.  At half off this regular price I couldn't resist!  I'm not going to get into too much detail about this experience because there is none. The water was scented and that's about the only nice thing I can say about it.   The primary reason for my pedicures is to keep the bottom of my feet smooth and healthy.  I noticed in Yoga yesterday that I need to make time this week to get an actual pedicure.  -SighAt the end of my visit the receptionist added the 20% mandatory gratuity (which should just be a called a fee of $70) to my bill and didn't ask me if I wanted to add more ( I would have liked to tip extra for the facial).  The bill had no place to add an extra tip.  This really bothered me.I don't understand what the target audience is for this Spa.  Its not men under 30.  Don't forget Jurlique we have money to spend too.I suggest that Jurlique take a step back and evaluate their quality of services.  Just because its in Scottsdale and just because its expensive dose not excuse you from striving for consistent quality for every customer.  In a down-economy, where services like this are becoming a rare luxury again, many places are offering a better experience for a fraction of the cost.  If your going to keep your prices up there you better WOW each and every customer that walks in that door.
1	As the wonderful sister and daughter I am I brought my mother and sister here for a girls spa day.  I chose this place 'cause they were offering discounted prices for the summer, big mistake!  I did not go to Yelp first to read reviews!  What was I thinking?!?First my sister and I showed up early to take the oppertunity to enjoy the pool and possibly a drink.  We checked in at the spa thinking we would drop off our purses, change, get a tour...no such luck!  Turns out they don't have a locker room... or a tour for that matter.  I was shown the bathroom and told I could change there.  Nice, thanks.Second once at the pool it took a half an hour for one of the three waitress to bring us a drink, even though they passed by us multiple times, without making eye contact.  Then after finally re-hydrating I found out I had to walk out of the pool area, past the restaurant, through the lobby to get to the bathroom!  No bathroom outside by the pool, or the bar?  What a joke.Third, I showed up to my facial in my wet bathingsuit, sweaty (it's 106 outside!) covered in sunscreen and chlorine.  No shower in the treatment room.  No robe.  Gross.  Then I payed extra for a eye treatment that I was told was great.  Thirty seconds each eye.  Yes half a minute was the EXTRA I payed for.  On top of that I finnished before both my mother and my sister were done with their treatments.  Even though we all started at the SAME time!  WTF??  I don't care the discount, I will NEVER go back, you couldn't pay me.
4	Jurlique is a great little spa in the heart of Scottsdale. Not too big, not too small. Like Little Red Riding Hood would say, "just right." It is a nicely appointed spa with reasonably priced services and a professional, kind staff.I'm not a big spa person -- in fact, I've only had one other spa treatment prior to my visit at Jurlique -- but chose to indulge a little on my vacation.  First up was a pedicure. Now, I'll reveal something that most people are shocked to hear: I have never had a pedicure! Yes, I know, weird. But, hey, why spend the cash when you can do it yourself.  Well, yeah, that was my motto then, but after my pedicure at Jurlique, I've decided to indulge in the luxury of having your feet massaged and toes painted every once in awhile. It was divine!Second on my spa list was a lovely massage. Again, it was my first time, so I wasn't sure what to expect and a little worried I'd end up in more pain afterward.  But, my masseuse was very professional, asking me what muscle to concentrate on and the intensity of the massage. It was delightfulI left Jurlique spa so very relaxed and rejuvenated -- exactly what you'd hope for after a spa weekend.
4	I love to save up to splurge on a spa treatment here.  It's reasonably priced compared to some of the other resorts in Scottsdale.  I especially love the Vichy Nirvana Massage.
4	Full disclosure... I don't "spa" often so I don't have a lot to compare to...My hubby surprised me with a spa day at Jurlique, including a 60 minute massage, mani & pedi.  I walked into the quaint little reception area and the receptionist was on the phone, but she greeted me when she hung up.  Not overly friendly as I would expect for a spa, but nice enough.My massage therapist came out a couple minutes after my scheduled time and walked me down the quaint little hall.  Yes, everything is quaint and little.  But I liked it.  There's a cute little "tea reception" area (quaint I might add), with all sorts of interesting tea (had the chocolate mint later in my spa day, was tasty).The treatment room was very nice.  Had a separate changing area with a private shower, robe, towels, etc.  The massage therapist took some time to chat with me and find out what I liked, etc.  The massage was terrific.After getting dressed and heading back into the lobby area, the receptionist said I could go into the nail salon.  I walk in, and the nail girl says, literally, without so much as a smile, "Are you my next client?".  Well gee, you didn't have anyone before me, and come to find out she didn't have anyone after me... yes, I'm your next client.  Nice to meet you too.  She never did introduce herself by name or bother to ask for mine.  I was REALLY put off by this considering I was coming from a nice relaxing massage and then, BAM, are you my next client?  Unthoughtful.  Annoying.  Rude even.She became only slightly more pleasant throughout the mani/pedi, and I could tell she'd rather be anywhere BUT there doing my nails.  I have to say though, she still did a great job (just wasn't happy doing it), and I got an amazing mani/pedi.  Would I get them again?  No way.  Not worth the money to get the attitude.Overall I give it 4 stars because I think the place is cute and the resort would make for a great stay-cation with the hubby.  I will wait for the summer discounts and come back for seconds (for the massage anyway).P.S. BONUS - I checked in on foursquare & they were offering 25% off the entire bill, and they honored it!  Score!
4	My sister and I went here on Sunday for spa week. When we arrived the receptionist asked if it was our first time. My sister had been there before, but I hadn't. All that got me was some paper work to fill out, every other spa I have been to usually gives a little tour of the place. Luckily we arrived about 15 minutes before our services as there are only TWO chairs inside to wait for your service, everyone who arrived after us, about 5 other girls, had to sit outside, and it was roughly 94 yesterday. The massage itself was nice. I had Seth and he did a really great job. I told him I liked a lot of pressure and that my back was jacked. He spent a lot of time on my back. the one thing I was sad he didn't do was the head rub and ear lobe pinching, but whatev. The room we were in was amazing. It had a huge soaking tub, shower and bathroom area. Very nice. Will I go back? Maybe for spa week...but probably not for a full service treatment.
4	My friends and I came here for Spa week and it was such a fantastic experience! It was a good thing we made our appointments ahead of time, because it was sure busy. There was a minor scheduling snafu but Jeff, the spa director, resolved it quickly. The spa is connected to the Firesky Resort which is a great place to stay for a weekend getaway.My facial was $50 (spa week promotion) but normally is $140. My aesthetician Jessica was fabulous! She explained all the products she used and didn't push products on me.I also got a massage for $50 but normally I think it's close to $130. They automatically add a 20% tip to your total.  My massage therapist really loosened all the knots in my back and even gave me an option of the oil fragrance too. I picked lavender. The only issue I have is that this spa is that it's a ''boutique'' spa. So it doesn't have a sauna or waiting/tea room. If you come for a day trip, I believe you can get a day pass that allows access to the pool. I'm not one to splurge on spa treatments but couldn't pass it up for spa week. They offer plenty of other services like mani/pedicures and specialized massages & facials. Will definitely return again if they have more special deals available.
1	I WANTED to love Jurlique. I took 3 friends for a girls weekend in February. We all received facials & massages. Masseuse was excellent, but for the price you would be better served going a couple blocks north to another spa that starts with a D and ends with an E.The aesthetician was terrible; 1. she did not have the room set up before I arrived, 2. she continuously & loudly banged things into the copper sink and 3. Her skill level was not at what I would expect for a $100+ facial.Lastly the woman at the desk was on the phone when I walked up to check out and put my purse up on the counter. She gave me a dirty look like I was a naughty child, I promptly removed my purse, stepped back from the desk & waited for her to get off the phone. When she finished with her client on the phone she smiled coyly and said "may I help you NOW?". Get off it lady - I'm adult enough to spend $300 bucks at your spa don't look at me like I'm bothering you!
5	Two words:  Vodkatini scrub...just get it.  They scrub you down with this amazingly wonderful mix of watermelon, basil and vodka (yes, vodka) and then you rinse and they give you a massage of you choice...I did the 80 minute.  Highly recommend and the woman in front (Ina, I think) is very sweet and knowledgeable.
4	This review is for a treatment I received in February of this year. Sorry for my tardiness.I was at the Firesky for a conference. After hearing a number of conference attendees raving about the treatments they received at Jurlique, I was looking forward to getting in for a massage. I was scheduled at the end of the day, so I was a bit apprehensive about what the quality would be like - you know how the end of a workday can be. Was I silly to be worried!Jurlique is tucked into an building on the corner of the Firesky lot. It's got a small waiting area stocked with the typical spa goods and a few seats. An okay place for a short wait, and Enna, the front office clerk, was very welcoming.When Kayleen came out to introduce herself as my therapist, I was a bit nervous. I'm used to getting worked on by sturdy Samoan gals, not tall willowy blondes. But my nerves were soothed the instant Kayleen the Massage Ninja plied her trade. I couldn't put my finger on what she was doing that was not only relaxing me but loosening me up until I asked Kayleen about her techniques. She combines massage with acupressure, and it works wonders! Based on the experiences of our conference attendees, I'd say anyone at Jurlique can  deliver a great massage. Based on my experience, I can say that Jurlique should do whatever they can to keep Kayleen on staff!
2	In town and looking forward to a relaxing spa day and ended up very disappointed.   The massages were mediocre.  We weren't staying at the hotel and there was no place to shower and get ready.  We drove about 25 miles from our hotel to go to the SPA and hangout in Scottsdale only to have to drive 25 miles from or so back to our hotel.  We had planned to have drinks and lunch at the hotel but couldnt.  When booking the spa knew we werent staying there and I feel should have mentioned that there is no place to shower after the massage.  Sad...
4	We were there on our Anniversary weekend and I was treated to a facial and the Vichy Nirvan massage...I was truly surprised by the whole overall experience , if you like water this is the massage for you...my therapist did a great job I was totally relaxed, next was a facial, I liked how my girl explained things and how quiet and nice to the touch she was.
1	I will not return to this spa.  There were so many problems, some of which I didn't discover until after I left.  The biggest problem was the receptionist.  I called several days before and ordered the $99.00 Arizona special and an eyebrow wax.  Long story short, she never schedule my eyebrow wax, than she charged me for the more expensive $169.00 treatment instead of the $99.00!  When I questioned her she said I recived the more expense treatment so that is the one I had to pay for!!!  What!!  I promptly told her that is not what I reserved and the customer should not have to monitor the treatment regime!. ( I have never had a facial before so I didn't even know what to expect). I spoke to the supervisor and she argued with me as well.  When I told her this was terrible customer service she said "would you feel better if I charged you the $99.00 price?  yesssssss since that is what I reserved and what I expected to pay.The bill still came out much higher that expected.  When I questioned that she said the customer has to pay the 20% tip based off the orignal non sale price!  Wow I think a $60 tip was crazy.Also, when I got home I noticed the girl who waxed my eyebrows burned my skin under my eyebrow. I had a scab for several days.  Than the manicure I had started to chip the very next day. Wow.  I will stick to doing this myself.  This was a very stressful visit and I will never make that mistake again.
1	I received a gift certificate for there Spa Cation services for my birthday. The massage left me feeling very disappointed, it was supposed to be a full 60 minutes but only lasted 40. It was my first time and I was not impressed at all. Then the mani was supposed to be 50 min and she was done is 25, I also have numerous cuts on my cuticals.  I asked for a simple french manicure on my toes, the white tips are so wide and there was nail polish smeared all over the ends of my toes. I actually stopped in at another salon on my way home and had them redone.  I would never recommend this spa to anyone.  So disappointing!
4	My husband and I had a great couples massage at Jurlique. Scheduling was easy, the ambiance of the room was wonderful. The only drawback is that the facility is not quite as expansive as a day spa, so there are no locker rooms, steam rooms, etc. However, our service was wonderful, the staff are extremely kind and caring. In particular, the woman at the front desk offered to grab us our wine from the hotel's wine hour so that we would have that waiting for us when our massage was done!
