3	This was one of my favorite haunts when I lived in South Oakland as a student.  As a poor undergrad, the specials were excellent.  I played darts with my roommates there every Thursday while they drank $5 pitchers of Bud Light and $2 rum and cokes.  I recently revisited Garage Door with my Pitt buddies, and while I would have given it a 4-star review back in the day, I'd give it less now.  It's decent for a college dive, but doesn't hold up for grad students and beyond.
3	Owner was a dick to me once, but I got over it.  Fun to play darts during the day and pound pitchers.  Perfect place for post finals fun.
3	$5 pitchers of cheap beer on a Friday night. Hey Pitt students, this place is your dream come true. They also have a literal hole in the wall inside of the establishment where you can order hole in the wall food. The fries were good. If you are a young college kid, you'll love it.
3	Cheap, smokey, loud.Good beer selection, a few pool tables, and tons of TVs.The young college crowd likes to get wasted here.It can be a fun place.
1	Not for me. Typical college bar with typical prices. That said, if I were a freshman in college with a fake ID, this would be ideal. I would find somewhere else if you are older than 21 years old.
4	Go on a week day.  I'm stretching things with 4 stars, I'm sure on a weekend it's retard central with Pitt folks... but on a weekday it was EXCELLENT.  Good beer selection, bordering on very good, great prices, MANY DART BOARDS, pool tables, semi-normal crowd (weekday), food till 2:00, hell I should give this place 5 stars.  If you are in the area on a weekday or early weekend it's definitely worth a stop.  If the conditions are right it could be your only stop.  If I went to Pitt I'd be at this place every week, thank god I didn't go to Pitt.  Oh, you can smoke which is a negative for me... but on the positive side the juke box was very good.
1	Crappy bar. The bartenders are SO RUDE.  They don't really check Ids though so this is a happenin' spot if you're under 21. Just avoid the vomit in the bathroom.
3	Fun spot to get cheap drinks on a Friday night. My fiance and I went on a bar crawl with some of his law school buddies there. Kinda crowded but fun.
3	I would probably have given this place a 5 star perhaps back when I was still in college but now, it's not for me. I've been here few times during the weekends to catch up with friends who live around the area. The biggest drawback about this place at least for me is the smoke. Besides that, I am okay with the young college crowd and/or the loud music.The place it self is pretty big. The service .. well.. pretty good for a dive bar. The drinks.. real cheap with quite a good collection of beer! and they do serve food as well.Also this place has plenty of HDTV along with some pool table and dartboards!! ... one of the main reason I even make an attempt to go back.
4	My usual friday night darts hang out spot. Can't beat the cheap pitchers and darts and pool. The bartenders are very nice and friendly as wellPretty spacial (does get a bit smokey though so clothes might smell like smoke after a while). They do have a decent number of TVs to catch any games that might be on.People can be hit or miss (I happened to once be there on a night when some lady decided her fries were too hard and decided to break a bottle and attack the bouncer - not the bar's fault in any way).Food is good too, and cheap (I think it is through the next door pizza place - the chicken ranchero bites are great btw)Met some cool people playing darts. It isn't as "undergrady" as I thought it would be being in the middle of Oakland.All in all, a decent place to go get some cheap drinks and play darts and pool. Check it out if you get a chance to
3	Depending on the night this bar has a fun mixture of college students, young professionals, and older yinzers. For the most part, everyone is respectful and minds their business. The younger folks do not binge drink here, so you don't have to deal with rowdy crowds like at other local bars.There are pool tables, music, and TVs for entertainment. Smoking is permitted too. Insider the bar, there is a window to the next door pizza shop, so you don't have to leave for food.Lastly, and most importantly to me, they have about twenty-five beers on tap none of which I've ever recognized craft. I'm not saying Gdoor never carries beer; I'm saying I've never seen a craft beer that I recognized which is disappointing to me considering all of the local craft breweries. The selection consists of ubiquitous options such as Blue Moon, Guinness, and Redd's.
5	Garage Door is an Oakland staple. Anyone who has ever been a student of Pitt has frequented this local bar. One of the best things about Garage Door is that it not only attracts Pitt students, but also a fair amount of the few local South Oakland residents as well. The crowd is always interesting, the beer is cheap, there's plenty of games, karaoke, and usually enough space to feel comfortable. In the summer when the garage doors are open, it's even better!They may be a little brash and close minded, but it's their right as a business to treat their customers however they want, I guess... !
1	So the bouncer comes up to me one night and yells: "Don't spit again." I guess the guy was stalking me and looking for a reason to throw me out. I told him I wouldn't do it again and thought everything was settled.I returned a week later and the bouncer takes my ID at the door, scans it, like he's gonna let me in, and tells me I'm banned.If I did something stupid, I could understand being kicked out of a bar or banned, but spitting on a dirty bar floor once is not one of them. This guy was jealous I usually have a good time with some college cuties at The Garage Door and wanted to ruin my night.This spot has a good college crowd being right next to Pitt but the staff has a major attitude problem. The two severely tattooed bartenders (one tall blonde and a short brunette) are colder than an ice cube at the morgue. I've never seen either of them smile. I hope this place gets a clue and hires people that treat others with respect or your bar might be on the next episode of Bar Rescue.
3	This place has great prices and a neat set up but it's always crowded and has a VERY heavy police presence. Now, I'm all for safety but I don't particularly enjoy feeling like a prisoner when downing drinks and playing darts. So three stars it is.
3	There isn't too much to say about G Door. It's your typical college bar with cheap beer and too many people. It's actually bigger than it looks from the outside. There are some dart boards in the middle section of the bar, and there is pool in the back room. Service is average. I like coming here more than other bars in Oakland because there is plenty of standing room and you need a table, but otherwise there  isn't too much that sets it apart from any other bar in the area though. The women's bathroom is tiny and crowded, and there is nowhere to wait if the stalls are full. Not bad, not great, but it gets the job done!
5	Best bar in South Oakland by far. The Bartenders are phenomenal and are really cool people. The beer selection is amazing, with most craft beers around $4.50. If you want to seriously test your billiards skills, this is the place to be. The pool room can have up to 50 people at times just waiting to play.
1	I'd give it negative stars if I could. Just don't go here. Worst bar in Oakland! I hope it closes down. There is honestly no place where I hate the workers more.
