5	The smoked wings kick butt. H the bartender always has a smile.The kitchen staff was super friendly and seem to be doing a lot of sample work.This place is two thumbs up....way up.
3	Really loved this place as it catered to cigar smokers. They recently stopped allowing smoking inside though so I guess we will have to find a new "go to" spot. We will be back for sure if/when they change back.
2	Got the food. Here is the breakdown:1. Hummus Appetizer: Pretty good though the Hummus could use more seasoning as it was kinda bland.2. Spicy Chicken Spring Rolls: Spring rolls were good. However, the sauce they are packaged with is so overpoweringly salty that it overrides the flavor of the spring roll all together.3. Prime Rib Wrap with Parmesan Fries: Great flavor. However, tortilla gets soggy after a few short minutes. Also would recommend seasoning the prime rib.4. Warm Spinach Salad: Good. The bacon dressing was quite good. Probably the best thing we had in our order.
5	I actually had a great experience at Ventura Grill after stumbling upon it on a random day. I've tried several of the appetizers and wings. Absolutely loved the Spicy Chicken Spring Rolls, Prime Rib Sliders, and Hickory Smoked Chicken Wings!! The flavors were amazing and the food was served hot and fast. The bartenders are all very inviting and enjoyable to talk to. The atmosphere was perfect for watching sports as they have many TV's throughout. The beer is always cold and served as prompt as needed. The outside patio is equipped with sun shades and misters so even in this brutal heat you can actually sit outside. A definite must for football season!
5	I purchased a Groupon since this place isn't far from my house. I brought my husband and my 2 year old in for a nice meal. It was a great experience because they catered to my 2 year old with kiddie cups, crayons and coloring books. Not to mention the staff was very sweet to my little boy which is typically unexpected in a sports bar/grill atmosphere. My husband had the prime rib wrap which he thought was amazing! I had the Spaghetti Amatriciana of which I have nothing bad to say about it. It was more food than I could eat! The best part was that they had a kid's menu. He had chicken strips and fries and ate all of it! Needless to say we will be back for sure.
5	I was here last friday night with a friend, the food was very good (love the stuffed jalapenos and fish tacos!) and the music was excellent! We'll surely come back.
5	Very nice, and big portions like their web site says.  Tried the Calamari, tender, and the breading was nice and lite.   Huge portion that 3 people could nibble on with their meal.  The Seafood Fettuccini was Great.  Lottttts of seafood in the dish, and the pasta was a thinner noodle.  Most will do to thick of a noodle and then it seems too starchy.  But this was nice flavor and filling. I'm Italian and picky because I make my own sauce at home.  What I had was better than some Italian Restaurants.
4	Great calamari!  Large portion, marinara dipping sauce.  Enjoyed the wine special, and shared a burger.  Tasty!
4	Turkey burger was great.
3	Good food for the price.  Nothing stood out.  The service was good.
4	Recommend: Sweet Potato Fries!Great patio with misters, large open windows at the bar, and a great TV set up. Our server Athena was excellent. She was on top of things, but gave us our space.I picked Ventura Grill for a dinner outing because there was a large variety of food. I LOVED the spicy spring rolls, and the Sweet Potato Fries were the best I ever had! But, Ventura Grill loses a star on my review because both of the guys I was with complained that the meat was not flavored or seasoned.On top of all the great food and service, they have raffles on Monday Nights for football games....we won! :) Definitely a cool place for dinner or drinks.
4	Outstanding Food. Rib Basket awesome. Prime Rib Wrap great.  Good Beers on Tap. Great Value.Too many TV's a distraction, but Food and Value make it a must!
5	decent selection of beers on tap. i love this place for lunch! im a person that always orders the same thing at every place i go, but this is one of those places that i cant pick just one! you can really tell that they order quality ingredients, and their chicken wings especially are awesome! i also love their buffalo chicken wrap and their jalapeno appetizer.  service is really great as well, i usually sit at the bar and am served by Gina.  she is great at her job and i don't know how she does it, but she seems to always be in a good mood! one of the managers named Eric has also gone out of his way for me.  I told him one time that i really wish they had honey hot sauce for their wings, and he told me "next time you come in, we will have it". its not on the menu, but he made it happen for me!  This place is great for lunch and easy to get to being right off the 101, but even if it wasn't, id still probably go out of my way to get there.
4	Thanks to Groupon, we discovered this place.  Located off the 101 and Via De Ventura, it's in a small, nondescript shopping center.  There's no way we would have found it otherwise.  Over our many visits here, we tried the following menu items:Rueben, $9http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ventura-grill-scottsdale-2?select=gB6SLDq93r5r61__0gnpog#gB6SLDq93r5r61__0gnpogPrime Rib Sliders, $9http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ventura-grill-scottsdale-2?select=6RxzFKSwGDwOG3rJqrxw6A#6RxzFKSwGDwOG3rJqrxw6APulled Pork Quesadilla, $10.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ventura-grill-scottsdale-2?select=QoiqZ3ZPALPeo2kXlVaS6Q#QoiqZ3ZPALPeo2kXlVaS6Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ventura-grill-scottsdale-2?select=qYlPtafA8ZGrNYEzvHGp5w#qYlPtafA8ZGrNYEzvHGp5wHickory Smoked Wings, $9http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ventura-grill-scottsdale-2?select=QbEkzobwZfnF2w7_pZL-6g#QbEkzobwZfnF2w7_pZL-6gChicken Wings, $9http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ventura-grill-scottsdale-2?select=iiPyNCth7Ca1YzhmW-KyXA#iiPyNCth7Ca1YzhmW-KyXAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ventura-grill-scottsdale-2?select=zTqm3ySm5AYnJx3nGt4mZQ#zTqm3ySm5AYnJx3nGt4mZQStuffed Jalapenos, $8http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ventura-grill-scottsdale-2?select=VL3V1ec3XMvhM83Lt865oQ#VL3V1ec3XMvhM83Lt865oQCheeseburger, $9http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ventura-grill-scottsdale-2?select=2kJ6DxZ83QVSR5csoASbMw#2kJ6DxZ83QVSR5csoASbMwTurkey Burger, $9http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ventura-grill-scottsdale-2?select=1CPYxSK5iu7acl5uTKUX8A#1CPYxSK5iu7acl5uTKUX8AThe food is pretty good here.  My favorite items are the Pulled Pork Quesadilla, Hickory Smoked Wings, and Rueben.  The Pulled Pork Quesadilla surprised me...I've never had one before that I liked, but theirs is fantastic.  It's also very filling.  I don't recommend getting it as an appetizer unless you have 3 or 4 people.  If you eat two pieces of it, you'll be full.The Hickory Smoked Wings are very good...and addicting.  They have a sharp, smoky flavor and the Meat is moist and holds the flavor well.  I highly recommend trying these.The Rueben is pure heaven.  They use Marbled Rye here, which is my favorite.Overall, this place does a good job.  They have friendly servers and there's plenty of big screen TV's all over the place, so it's awesome to watch a game.Return Factor - 91%
3	I must have been here on an off day.  But the only thing I want to even review is their jalapeno poppers!  Honestly, we went here because of all the reviews that talked about them here on Yelp...and there's a reason for that.  They are freakin' delicious!  The food wasn't worth another visit to me though.  There was a medium sized group of us here and none of us had much to say about our entrees.  But we couldn't stop talking about those jalapeno poppers...seriously!
4	Stopped in the other night after the gym.  Great location, great friendly staff.  Love the open-air patio with ability to see bar TV's - for now anyways.Food was really great.I ordered some chicken breasts and veggies.Came out from the back just as I asked.  Really pleased with this little 101-side gem.
3	Got to Ventura Grill through a coupon deal which offered two beers, one appetizer and two entrees for $20.  Great deal, right?RIght!  We were actually given many options on the beer which I did not expect.  Hubby had Guinness and I had a Stella.  Good deal so far.We shared a calamari appetizer which was generous, not oily with a very good spicy marinara sauce.  Really good deal.Two entrees were Fish and Chips and Grilled Chicken breasts with veggies and a choice of potato.  There were two fish filets which were thick and juicy.  Fries were well done as I requested.  The tartar sauce and coleslaw seemed homemade and both were delicious.  Slaw was not mayonnaisy (is that a word?)  Chicken breast was ample and fresh but hubby thought it needed a bit of seasoning (perhaps marinating it would have helped). I tasted it and agreed.  A lemon or lime marinade would have done wonders.  Veggies were ample and not overcooked while the fries were extra well done as he had requested.  There were plenty of hot sauces on the table to choose from.   I must pay my compliments to the female server (sorry, I forgot your name) but she was soooooo attentive to our order and to our needs throughout the meal.  The owner came by to see how everything was during our meal and we gave him positive feedback.  This is the kind of restaurant/bar people should be going to because the owner deserves a chance to make it in this economy and because he gives good food, good service and an excellent value.  Ventura Grill offers  basic american style menu items (some of which no longer exist as indicated by them being scratched off the menu) prepared well in a clean environment.  Nothing gourmet or fancy but with quality and attentive service. To the fool (a customer) who was giving the waitress a hard time over his mis-use of the coupon, STOP IT.  They are giving you so much for your money why would you argue over paying the tax on your meal??  and I hope you didn't stiff the waitress who should be getting a tip on the total value of your meal.  Just saying....
5	During Spring Training, my best friend and I went to Ventura Grill looking for a late dinner on a Sunday night. There aren't many places to eat in the area and we thought they serve food until they closed. We got there and found that they had already shut the kitchen down, but we were heading down to Old Town Scottsdale anyway, so we decided to stay and have a couple of beers. The selection is very good here. They had several Arizona beers that were solid and I loved the atmosphere in the place. The service was some of the friendliest I have had anywhere. Our bartender, Tanya, gave us great information on restaurants and bars to visit in Old Town. She gave us perfect directions and made sure we got where we wanted to go. I'd been to Scottsdale the previous two years for Spring Training and had disappointing meals in Old Town and visited bars that were nothing great, so getting information from a lifetime resident was priceless. We ended up having an awesome time.Tanya rocks and so does Ventura Grill! I'll see you guys again next March.
5	Cold beer!!  I do not like the open patio with all the smoking but that is a personal preference.  I enjoy the atmosphere!
4	Thanks to Living Social..we went here and brought a bunch of friends.  Nice outdoor patio that was shaded and misted.. felt so cool.   Great Location. very easy to find.  Burgers were excellent.. I had a spanish , south of the border burger.. huge, avocado, great flavor..cooked Exactly the way I ordered it.   Try the margaritas.. very yummy..  The Jalapeno appetizer was yummy.. the Calamari appetizer was generously portioned and tasty.    My wife had the fish which she really liked.  Lots of menu choices ranging from chicken to burgers and on..  The Rueben looked good..THe sliders were awesome... A great spot to meet for casual dining and good times.   It is very close to the baseball fields as well.   Great spot before or after a Game.   big TV's in the bar area to catch the game.
5	Love this place!! Everything I have had here is excellent. Sports bar atmosphere, outside patio, great burgers, tater tots, salads. Eat here on a regular basis. They took my favorite burger off their new menu but made the patty melt for me. It is a great patty melt. Good servers. Will have to try breakfast, heard it is good too. Convenient location, right off the 101 and Via Ventura, next to the Chevron station. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
3	The food is good, but more often than not, the wait staff is overwhelmed and orders get messed up and things take too long.
1	Just went there for breakfast with my parents. Was excited to have a place so close to home.... but Food took FOREVER to come, My dad ordered the breakfast burrito and was really impressed with the first 2 bites.... the 3rd bite included some GLASS !!!!!!! Yes, my dads burrito had BROKEN GLASS IN IT!! The owner NEVER even came over to apologize, and they only comped HIS meal... not all of ours.... tacky classless and disturbing. NEVER NEVER NEVER EVER GOING BACK. The only good thing, is their green tea. But that's not even worth going back for.
2	Potato skins were just awful....dried out and very little cheese!Had to reorder and the new ones were not any better.Cod very good....husband had a good burger!Be careful what you order.....only 1 waitress...not that great service!
3	Service was very good, but the food itself was adequate at best.  I had a caesar salad with grilled shrimp on it.  The lettuce was iceberg and chopped so fine it was hard to eat.  Shrimp was over grilled and very tough.  I asked for blue cheese dressing instead of caesar and I could tell it was bottled dressing.  And it was horrible.  The wait staff were very nice and the owner (at least I think he was) was there helping out as well.  If you like good service, this is a great place, but the food wasn't that good.
4	Our hotel recommended the Ventura Grill and I'm glad they did.  The staff was quick and friendly.  The food was good, and the menu has some interesting choices on it.  I can tell this is a favorite watering hole for the locals.  I ordered some sort of a flat bread melt thing and must say it was really good.  Excellent selection of draft beers.The ONLY thing I did not like was that next door was a smoking bar and the smoke would leak into the restaurant which I found really irritating.I would visit again.
4	Went there with a Groupon and was pleasantly surprised.  Food was really good. Service was good.  We had the Pork roast sliders and fish tacos -- very yummy. I could smell the smoke coming from the lounge but my husband couldn't.  This place is one of the better bar and grill type of places in Scottsdale because of the food.
4	First, the Yelp map is incorrect. Ventura Grill is on Via de Ventura _between Pima Rd. and the Loop 101_.3.5 stars, rounded to 4 to encourage you to try this pleasant neighborhood-style place, convenient to McCormick Ranch, Butterfly World, and Talking Stick Resort. Food is good, staff is helpful, my bleu burger wasn't cooked too far past my requested medium-rare, my companion really liked her caesar-spinach wrap, and I enjoyed a Summer Special of Lagunitas for $3. The (baked, not fried) stuffed jalapenos are, as so often noted by others, worth trying, but 5 pepper halves for $8 seems a bit skimpy, as well as awkward for 2 or 3 people to share. Just sayin'. Other prices seemed reasonable and I will happily return, but will probably figure out how to make the jalapenos at home.
4	I came to this place with some buddies to watch the NCAA tournament. The food was not what I would call memorable, but I only tried a bite of my girlfriends dish. I only had beer. On the plus side, we had about 7 people with us and asked if we could have some free appetizers because we would be drinking there all afternoon. The waitress asked the manager and they compromised with happy hour prices the whole time we were there, even though they don't offer happy hour on Saturdays. In the end we had a great time here and this bar is more than sufficient to host a get together with friends to watch sports. Again, I only tried one thing, the food could be amazing I just can't comment on it, for venue and good management... they get four.
1	A group of us from work spent $10 on a Groupon and went for lunch.  The waitress was extremely upset that we had Groupons and CURSED at one of us when she found out we were using them. After she scanned all our vouchers she tells us that we are losing the remaining amounts left on the voucher. If we knew that before hand we all wouldnt have used our vouchers at once.  Overall terrible experience.  She should have educated us about how to make the most of the groupon rather than getting upset and cursing. I've never been so appalled with service in my entire life. The food was approrpriately priced for lunch and was pretty good. If it wasn't for the terrible service we would be back again.
1	I found Ventura Grill from Groupon and used the $16 Groupon that allowed us to choose 2 breakfast entrees (up to a $9.29 value each) and 2 drinks (up to a $15 value each, CAN be used for alcohol). My husband and I brought our 2 small children with us and ordered the 2 breakfast entrees, which we planned to share with the kids since they don't eat a lot all at once. My husband got one of their scrambles and I got the pancakes with the berry topping, which was advertised an additional charge above the pancake cost but still well under the $9.29 maximum per entree. My husband ordered a beer and I ordered a mimosa to go along with our breakfast and we ordered the kids each a chocolate milk.It did take a while to receive our meals but that doesn't bother me unless its a completely unreasonable amount of time. What bothered me was once we got the bill and showed the waitress the Groupon, she had counted our kids chocolate milks as the "drinks" that went along with the meal and did not apply the berry topping charge as part of my "meal'! The Groupon advertises $16 for up to $48 and change worth of food and drink...our total discount was $2.22 after the $16 paid for the Groupon was considered! The waitress refused to let us separate the chocolate milks from the drinks so that the drinks with alcohol could appropriately be applied to the Groupon.The waitress knew we had a Groupon to begin with and she said NOTHING about how it would be applied. It is unbelievable to me that a business would even think about cheating customers out of a few dollars!! It makes no sense! Now they have 4 fewer customers and I would not recommend this place to anyone. What matters most to me in a business is that they are honest and that their primary goal is to provide quality service and product to customers and help them get the most for their money. I am willing to overlook a lot of other things if this is still true of a business.In the case of Ventura Grill, they are neither honest nor do they have quality service or product and the waitress was DEFINITELY NOT interested in helping us get the most for our money. Terrible service AND I had to force my kids to eat the pancakes, they tasted so bland! Not even the syrup could make up for the lack of flavor.And I also have to add, this is the first review I have ever written. That is how bad of a taste this restaurant left in my mouth both physically and figuratively speaking.
3	Food is good, service at the bar is great.
2	We went to the place and loved it! Food was great menu and service was great. Went back a second time and it stated going downhill from there. Ultimately the final straw was I got a burger and the cheese was straight from Walmart! Wonderful Kraft cheese. It was horrible. We have not gone back since. We use to love this place now we aren't going back. Steer clear!!!
5	Sandra is fantastic behind the bar. Chef Adam came out & went over the menu in detail with me due to all of my food allergies! The specialty meal he created for me was delicious!
4	Nice bartenders and a nice beer selection top the list here. This is also a hot spot before spring training games.
4	They lady bartender was very nice. And beer was cheap. Had good time, will try coming back for wings on wed or sun
4	They deliver!!! That's all I needed to hear. Those magical words are sure enough to hook me everytime, much in the way of *insert inappropriate analogy/similie/metaphor/antithesis here*Today I ordered a bbq bacon cheeseburger...it was delicious. And too big. That was a "Dinner" burger, not a "Lunch" burger, but it didn't stop me from trying. Paired with their crispity, crunchety tater tots and an ice cold root beer...(can you say "paired" if you are talking about 3 items?)Wait, I'm getting ahead of myself. So I called in, spoke to the order chick and asked for the burger, tots and a large root beer. No problemo. When she (or some other "her") delivered the booty, she was carrying TWO drinks...because they ran out of large cups. NOW THAT'S SERVICE! Other less customer-friendly spots would've just brought the smaller drink and said "deal with it" but not my new Ventura Grill friends...they know that a BIG burger requires a BIG beverage. Bless their hearts and bless my bloated belly, they have just been inducted into our lunch-rotation party.
3	Not the greatest happy Hour on the planet. One of those $1 off places - woo hoo. They did have a beer of the month for $3, but that was sold out. Still have half the month left, so either use an eraser to get it off the chalkboard or find a substitute. Still, a decent amount of beer choices and the cute bartender was changing the TV stations to whatever game I wanted - my own personal living room as no sports fans were present on this day. The fried ravioli should have been priced at $3.99 for happy hour because it amounted to paying $1 reach for slightly above average ravioli (not homemade). The marinara was nice and spicy and parmesan was provided upon request. I will go back and try some food. Looks like a decent neighborhood hangout with strange teams (Bears and LSU).
1	My buddy & I went here for the last 2 Sundays to watch Da Bears. The Ventura Grill has a terrific patio & a decent beer selection & pretty good food. What it is sorely lacking in is service. I'm talking epically poor service. We sat there for 15 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us. Over 45 minutes for a hot dog & fries? And if you want a refill on your drink, you'd better order it when your current one is only half empty. So what is it? Understaffed? Poor planning? All I know is I gave them 2 chances & they blew it with me.
1	We stopped by on Saturday night, 11/2/13, with another couple. Very disappointing experience. This was our 4th time here and each time on a Saturday night at 7 pm, it's been less and less busy. This time, our friend ordered the Asian Chicken Salad and received bagged cut lettuce with orange, not mandarin, slices and a bland sauce and no-flavor chicken pieces. It wasn't eaten and we weren't charged for it. Our burgers and wings were ok, nothing spectacular. In the women's restroom, ripped pieces of hand towels/toilet paper were all over the floor. There was also a feminine product in a wrapper on the floor. We were there for 1.5 hours and the bathroom was just as dirty when we left as when we arrived. This will be our last visit here.
3	I came here for trivia with some friends and I was waiting solo for a bit. The service was great throughout the night and our server kept a good eye on the group. I got some drinks in during happy hour and waited for the rest of my party before ordering. I was starving, so I had an order of fried pickles, the California chicken sandwich, and a side Caesar salad. The salad came out before my app which was weird but forgiveable. It was what I would expect from a Caesar salad, nothing more and nothing less.  The rest of the food came out and my dishes looked underwhelming. The fried pickles were ok. Not too battered, there was something a little off about them but I can't put my finger on it. The sandwich looked super sad. The bread was crispy as though it at one point been toasted but was very soft, and the ingredients sort of just meshed together and were indiscernible. Everyone else enjoyed their food so I think maybe I got too crazy with what I ordered. I really liked the environment and we'll likely return for trivia, maybe I will try something else on the menu.
4	This place is always good for a quick bite to eat and to enjoy a cold beverage. The burgers are good and the fish tacos are good too. Once you get there and start eating you may want to stay a while and watch a game and have another beverage. I will always have this place on my list.
1	Absolutely terrible service most times with blaring TVs.  Just getting someone to acknowledge you takes more than 5 minutes and trying to get the check and takeout container adds another 10 minutes.  And if they try to memorize your order without writing it down, consider yourself luck if they only forget 1 of your items (for our table of 3, the waitress forget 2 things because she did not need to write down our order).The food is pretty good, nice patio if you don't mind spelling the smokers and listening to the TVs.
1	Not enemy 1 star. Had coconut shrimp where's the coconut and can you cook the coating so it is crispy? Shrimp was tasteless. Fish and chips were bad too absolutely zero flavor.
4	2nd time here. Both for Kiltlifter and beef sliders. Satisfying each time.   Relaxing, casual patio.
5	Prime. Rib. Sliders. !! Most importantly they're friendly here.  I don't come to Scottsdale often but I'm keeping this place on my list from now on.
3	Sports bar / grill pub, located right off the 101 and close proximity  to the Butterfly wonderland which is the reason we visited the Ventura Grill. The place was fairly busy the had a group of 12 walk in just before us. The only person working tables as also the bar tender, she did a great job and got our drinks out fast and order and food out quickly as well. The burgers are good and the fries you can get different varieties sweet pot, rose merry/parm, regular. The salsa is a little spicy on the chips and sals app. Lots of different choices on the menu. She said they are creating a mild. They have great beer specials and tv's to watch the game.
5	Great food, great atmosphere and great staff. Absolutely love this place. The sweet potato fries are bomb!
3	Previously, this would've been a 4-5 star review, but the last 2 times that we went in, we left without service after 20+ minutes.  The food is good but the bartenders are not mixologists.
2	Went for happy hour on Wednesday with a my work pals. The service was attentive and friendly and the 2.50 beers I will come back for often. The food was bleh.... They ran out of 50 cent wings on wing night and they weren't that impressive. Had to order the boneless wings instead.... Which had the appearance of beef jerky with buffalo sauce. Kinda ruined my well known love of wings.
4	Being from Ventura CA, I just had to try this place! I was impressed with the atmosphere in the bar area, with several TVs, clean bar and tables, and plenty of windows. I'm not a smoker but this is a place to go if you like to smoke, with a large indoor and outdoor patio with misters. Dave the bartender, pretty much handled the entire place on his own, making sure everyone was taken care of.Good selection of beer and impressive menu. I had the jambalaya and my girlfriend had club wrap and both were very good.I just found my next favorite place to go!!
1	Didn't know where to eat so decided to try Ventura grill. As we sit down we are greeted with Sandra. A passive aggressive older bartender. Sandra acted like we needed to provide a service for her. As I tried to modify the boneless buffalo wings (which are okay) she replied with "your gonna be that person this early on a Sunday". The whole time she was bitching and complaining. The staff seemed scared of her. As another customer asked to change the channelOn the TV (which it is a Sports bar most people go to watch football) she was plain out rude. I will never go back. Sandra needs to work from home. I didn't tip her cause she didn't deserve. YES I'm the guy with a black nike shirt on. You'll never see me again and Ventura grill will never get my money. Good riddins!
1	A party of five of us sat down on the patio and waited for over ten minutes and were never even acknowledged by a waitress.  However, a waitress came outside twice to assist the table next to us, but never even greeted us.  Can't say we'll ever come back.
1	Manager Sandra has zero customer service and spends more time telling people how fabulous she is than serving.  She is greedy beyond belief refusing to staff any wait staff besides herself for a party of  20+.  Jay the bartender is the only redeeming factor here.  But no worries for unsuspecting customers.  Doors should be closed permanently by 2015.
5	Great food - the prime rib sliders were simply amazing. Great fries, awesome salads, and the prime rib wrap was delicious too. The house Margarita was excellent!
