5	Awesome cupcakes and cakes, wish the cupcakes were a bit larger for the price.Review from my wife.
5	Over 15 years this has been my go to bakery when I want impeccable cakes or cupcakes.  All made from scratch.  No commercial tub of buttercream here!  Worth the drive.
5	Really great cupcakes, they could be larger for the price but I'll still go back.
4	We've got 2 cakes from this place. First cake was amazing. Second cake, not so much & it was identical to the first, so baking isn't consistent? Second cake wasn't as moist, had a strange aftertaste? Sad to see 1/2 of it go in the trash. We haven't had the cupcakes yet, but next time we are in the area we will try them.
5	I received a dozen cupcakes of different flavors while in the hospital as a gift.  They were very nicely delivered with great presentation.  When we started eating them, YUM!  Who wouldn't feel better after these delicious cupcakes?!My cousin said the service she got when ordering them for us (from 2000 miles away) was excellent.  She raved about how thoughtful and kind they were to her when she ordered.  I'm definitely going to call them when I need cakes or to send cupcakes to someone to pass on the experience!
5	The Victorian Cake Company provides quality cakes and cupcakes.  I have been fortunate indulge in this local goodness for years and enjoy other people's reactions when they bite into them.  Not only are the cakes and cupcakes amazing in taste and presentation, the staff is also quite amazing.  Please support this local business, you will not be disappointed.
2	I am completely shocked by the glowing reviews here. This tasted like a boxed cake mix with frosting from the can. I was not impressed, at all.. especially for the $3.75 price tag. Very disappointing taste and quality. The place didn't even smell yummy. :( save your money and the calories.  Bleh.
3	The entire experience with this company felt really disjointed.  My husband arranged a cake tasting with the owner and when we arrived, she had completely forgotten.  We ended up ordering a cake with her and when he came the next week to pick it up, she didn't recognize him.  She sat with us for a quite a while so it was odd that she didn't seem to remember him.  I understand they recently moved to the current location but the shop feels awfully sterile - especially for a bakery.  She was generous about letting us try multiple cupcakes to pick flavors and frosting that we liked.  We ultimately ordered the yellow butter cake (which we were not able to sample) because it is my husband's favorite.  Upon serving the cake Saturday evening, my husband maintains that it's not yellow butter cake, but in fact, vanilla.  I'm honestly not sure but it does taste more vanilla than yellow butter cake.  Flavor aside, the cake was very tasty.  It's extremely moist.  The vanilla buttercream is very tasty as well although I think it's a bit too sweet.  At her suggestion, we did a lemon cake with a raspberry filling for the second, smaller cake and that was delicious as well.  It came out exactly like the picture and we were very pleased with the appearance.  It was a beautiful "decoration" until we ate it.  :)
1	Having grown up in the area, I heard this place was good and it was the first place I tasted cakes for my wedding in Spring 2013.I was actually surprised by how terrible the experience was. We scheduled a tasting and arrived to find the owner disorganized and inattentive. She had no questions about us, our wedding, our cakes ideas...she just talked a lot about her business.We sampled cupcakes to try different flavors and frosting. We chose 3 flavors to try, including chocolate. She literally REFUSED to allow us to try chocolate, stating its "not a wedding cake flavor" and gave us some other flavor instead.My husband and I are not a "wild and crazy" couple, but we actually did want to have a chocolate layer in our cake, as "nontraditional" as that may be, because it's my husband's favorite flavor. Frankly, I was insulted by her response. THEN. I wanted a three tier cake and she insisted I could only have two. I explained that I knew three layers would leave me with extra cake, but who cares? I wanted the traditional look of a three tier cake and was willing to pay for it. She continued to refuse to give me the pricing on the three tier and I only got her to jot down a grudging estimate by the end of the meeting. Then she totally blew my mind by saying that, regardless of the size of the cake, the bride must send someone to pick it up ON THE DAY OF THE WEDDING, then assemble the tiers on your own at the wedding. Are you serious?! And finally, the most important part: the cake. It was dry and flavorless. I've had better out of a box. And the frosting was the sickeningly sweet variety you find at a cheap grocery store bakery.TLDR: Rude owner, refused to let me have chocolate cake, refused to let me have three tiers, cake was bad anyway, I happily took my business elsewhere.
5	We have been buying birthday cakes from Victorian Cake Co. for 18 years now. Before coming here I tried many other bakeries. Nothing comes close to this! I had to laugh when I read some of the previous reviews! This is a Cake Company that also makes cupcakes, not your average bakery.Let's see, complaining about being "put off" because it was "sterile & bright white", REALLY? And you're not returning? I, for one, don't want to see you there anyway!For the seemingly untrue-exaggerating-storytelling, immature, young bride; It's unbecoming of you to not tell the truth. You are not fooling me! Perhaps you should have checked their website (yes they have one) before you spun your web. Why, not only can you have chocolate filling but you could even have chocolate cake AND frosting! Also, there are 3 tier and 4 tier cakes as well Perhaps you misunderstood, or weren't listening. Weddings can be a very stressful & emotional time. I'm sure you put a lot of effort into making it the most beautiful day for you and your husband. I hope it was a perfect day. Wouldn't it be devastating if someone took the time to post how "terrible" it was? Especially if it wasn't true.I
5	I went here because I heard via FB they had legit Cronuts...and boy do they.  I have never been here before but they were nice and totally willing to help me satisfy my curiosity for the elusive Cronut. I bought 4 (at $5 a piece) 2 in vanilla and 2 in lemon.  I prefer the lemon as did my bf who also tried them.  You could taste the high quality ingredients and I am very happy I found this place.  I will be ordering future cakes etc. from here.
2	My husband bought a dozen cupcakes for Mother's Day and they tasted like a boxed mix. I know I could of made better cupcakes myself. That being said, a family member recently brought their cupcakes and they were slightly better. They aren't worth the price, but hopefully they figure out their recipe soon.
1	Too bad I can't give it zero stars.  It is the middle of graduation parties and ceremonies season, they are closed the whole upcoming weekend.  Thought it would be a great alternative to the traditional cake. And since they are in the neighborhood I thought I would try them.  So I went in to inquire and I was told that they were closing for the whole weekend. I thought WOW ~ now I can see why there are never any cars there. I won't ever go back ~ and i'll make sure to tell all that I speak with!
5	I called VERY last minute to ask for a special order on a cake for my mom's birthday cake and the very sweet woman who answered made it happen for me! Not only was she able to put everything I wanted on it, but she made it fresh and had it ready in only a few hours. When I went in to pick it up, it looked exactly how I had imagined. Since I was there I picked up a few cupcakes for one of my employees birthdays and the girls said that they were AMAZING! I will definitely be going back to this gem. I wasn't disappointed at all!
4	They re-upped our wedding cake for us for our first anniversary. Our actual wedding cake was made by the Biltmore, and it was so tragically awful that we threw it away. That's a diff review though...I digress. The way I found this place was my mom called in a cake for my husbands bday last November, his favorite flavor is fun-fetti (why wouldn't it be?) So my mom ordered it and paid for it from MI and I picked it up. They worked with her over the phone, super polite and helpful. The only thing is, they don't put the actual sprinkles in to the batter. They just add them on top of the frosting. Which is fine. But I just don't get why they don't put them in the batter. I'm not a baker, but this would be the only objection. Otherwise it was absolutely delicious!For our anniversary I got the same fun-fetti version. 6" vanilla cake with buttercream frosting, and sprinkles. It was delightful. Their cupcakes are great too. I've stopped in once to try the champagne cupcake. Super yummy. Give this place a try!
