4	Las Vegas NFR Week ReviewLas Vegas is known for many, many different things.  After living there for 8 years I can honestly say that Las Vegas provides you with absolutely anything and everything you could ever want to do in life.  Vegas is the home of many exciting events and conventions.  One of the events that I personally look forward to annually is the National Finals Rodeo (NFR).  This is when the whole town literally turns into the Wild West!  Cowboys are EVERYWHERE!!  Every hotel plays country music hoping to entice the cowboys to come in and gamble, dine, drink and see shows!!Two huge Country music acts have just rolled into town and kicked off their run in Vegas during this NFR season!   Shania Twain and Tim and Faith!   I was very blessed to be able to go to Shania Twain at Caesars Palace, the NFR at Thomas and Mack Center, Tim McGraw and Faith Hill at the Venetian and ending with Leann Rimes Christmas Special at the Las Vegas Hotel (LVH).  Because of my good fortunes, a friend of mine asked me to write a review so I can share this journey with y'all! My incredible week began with Shania Twain at Caesars Palace.  I have to admit, I walked in a little skeptical after reading about her vocal problems and other issues.  But on the other hand I had read a very complimentary article discussing the elaborate costumes which were made by scratch and how she diligently worked on every detail regarding the show.  The first few minutes of the show I was blown away with her grand entrance from an elevated motorcycle (Cirque style) with a video game backdrop.  The 47 year old super star looked stunning in her tight fitting costume!  She was struggling vocally in the beginning of the concert and I think it was a combination of getting used to singing every night after such a long hiatus as well as dealing with the dry desert air.  Her vocals progressed throughout the concert.  She engaged with her audience immediately and if you aren't a fan of her music you would be drawn in by her beauty and charm.  She comes out into the audience quite a bit and one of my favorite parts of the show is the camp fire sing along section where she includes a few members of the audience to sit on the rocks by the camp fire and sing with her.  Her husband, Frederic goes up into the nose bleed section and brings a couple of people down to sit on stage with his wife.  There are several set changes and the band looks like they are having a ball up there.  The band actually becomes a part of each set complete with costume changes.  When you go to see Shania there is absolutely no picture taking allowed!!  The main reason for this is the safety of her horses which are brought out a couple of times during the show.  You DO NOT want to spook a horse in this venue!  She ended the show with the coolest production of "Man, I Feel  Like A Woman" that I have ever seen.  The house was packed and a definite must see!  In this showroom I have seen Celine Dion, Bette Midler and Elton John but Shania Twain was my absolute favorite!!Friday night was the Soul 2 Soul concert put on by Tim McGraw and Faith Hill at the Venetian where the Phantom of the Opera ran for 6 years.  They cleverly opened up their concert with Faith Hill's huge 1995 hit "Let's Go To Vegas" from the back of the house, walking through the audience towards the stage.  After the second or third song, Tim opens up to the audience and says hello while Faith is off doing a costume change.  Faith had beautiful gowns, but didn't move at all except to fiddle with her in-ear monitors, adjusting the levels at her back.  I found this to be very distracting.  She didn't address the audience until half way through the show when she and Tim had a little "sit down and get personal with the audience" session.   Then she sang an Aretha Franklin song and her charisma came out and she looked like she was finally enjoying herself (maybe her in-ears began working properly).  Tim generously gave out a guitar to a very thrilled audience member.  They closed the show with an intimate version of their 2007 hit "I Need You" and then walked out into the audience and said good bye.  I walked away from the concert feeling that this couple was truly in love and that in itself was a warm and beautiful sensation.  All in all it was a wonderful and exciting week at the famous National Finals Rodeo!  You could see amazing big production shows or enjoy a myriad of other acts all over town.  Whether you are a Country fan or not the town is filled with excitement.
4	Tim and Faith's Soul 2 Soul was a delightful surprise.  Their chemistry and vocal ability was outstanding, their band top notch.. .and the venue was GREAT to enjoy them in a intimate setting.  The best part about this show (as opposed to Shania's), was that this show is ALL about the vocalist.... no crazy stage props, or ridiculous back up singers/dancers... just Tim and Faith.
5	Tim & Faith !!!!!!!!!!!!Performance Dates*January 18-19, 25-26*February 1-2, 15-16 & 22-23*March 1-2*April 12-13, 26-27I'll be honest, I wouldn't consider myself a fan of either.  We had the privileage of attending a preview performance and we were soo happy we went!  It was a wonderful show!  Both of them walked through the audience several times and interacted with the crowd.  They even took a few pics with the audience & the guitar Tim played on he signed then and there and gave it to a guest. Tickets can be purchased through the dreaded ticketmaster.Highly recommended!!  :)
1	The show we attended on 2/15/13 started 15 minutes late! Their entrance was neat but when you're only 5'1 like I am & everyone in front of you stands to see what's going on, you can't see a darn thing! We had expected a much different show because we watched the hotel channel play the news event from last year when they announced these concerts & they did NOT deliver what they promised. Tim said they'd spend most of the time together on stage. NOT! Tim said it would be an intimate concert. Excuse me but when you have 4 guitarists onstage that are trying to outperform each other at maximum volume, it is NOT intimate! This is an 1800 seat venue & they were playing like they were in a 50,000 seat stadium! There were times we could neither hear nor understand the words they were singing because the music was way too loud. My husband has lost most of the hearing in his left ear & even he was complaining that the music was too loud! Faith mentioned their girls would be at one of their 2 concerts that night. If they don't provide those girls with ear plugs, it's criminal that their hearing could be permanently damaged. What were they thinking?!? We were fortunate to see Garth Brooks at the Wynn twice before his shows ended & his concerts were FAR more intimate, longer & more meaningful than this will ever be. Don't waste your money on this hideously overpriced fiasco. False advertisement as far as I'm concerned & I was very, very sadly disappointed!!!
5	I wish I would have read the reviews before choosing my seats!!! For once...the cheap seats in the back were better than front row!! This was their best show yet! I had no idea they would be so interactive with audience!!!! Instead of starting on stage...they came out right behind me! They were both shaking everyone's hands. I sat in Sec C row r seats 68-69. I recommend choosing row T (if u are looking at seating chart this is on the right) closest to the aisle!! They enter and exit the show at Row T in right corner. They walk up and down the aisle several times!!  So seats at the end of the aisle are best...like 61-62. Even though they say no phones allowed, get it out for pics the second the show starts!! They weren't strict at all. I'm so used to seeing them in huge stadiums...this venue was amazing. Their voices sounded amazing
5	The show exceeded my expectations it was intimate as described and just a wonderful all around show. We sat in the balcony but it still felt very close and had a great view in the center. Had we known that they run up and down the aisles hugging and kissing people on the main level, we would have definitely upgraded. Get an aisle seat it you want to see them up close and say hi. They spend a lot of time working the audience. Their performance was great, they talk in the middle with each other and joke about marriage and family life which is cute and personal. Enjoyed every minute of it. Her entire family was in the audience and so was his. Good people, rockin show!
4	Honestly it does not get much better than seeing Tim and Faith in Vegas!  The show was GREAT!  As with other reviewers, I wish I had read these reviews first about where to sit.  We sat in section 8, row HH right in the middle.  The seats were great, comfortable, plenty of room and there was a ledge right in front of us for drinks.  However, if you are going to spend the money on these tickets, go up one more section.  Rows AA-GG seemed to be the best.  Tim and Faith enter and exit from the sides in the middle of the theatre (the middle aisle runs right in front of row AA).  But the best was Tim coming in the crowd several times and singing from the middle of this aisle.  The intimate setting of the Venetian theatre really set the ambiance, and they talk with the crowd for a bit mid show.  It really lets you see their personalities instead of just an entertainer. Our only wish was that the show was longer.  It was just under 2 hours, and when you are paying close to $300 per ticket to see 2 superstars, you should get to see a whole show.
3	We saw the show 2-15-14, my valentine's day present from my husband. I am a huge fan of Tim's and luckily seen him in concert before.The show started 11 minutes late, which was annoying. It was a great opening, but like others mentioned, hard to see what was going on, if you are in the upper seats.They alternate, when Tim sings, Faith goes off stage for a clothing change. I admit she seemed a little uncomfortable in some of the outfits.  They did sing 3 songs together, which was nice. Their sit down chat with the audience consisted of him talking about his earlier days, she didn't really contribute. It was very nice when Tim went into the audience, took his guitar off, signed it and gave it to an 11 year old girl, holding a sign stating it was her birthday.The music, band and acoustics were loud for such a small theatre. It didn't appear they had toned it down at all for the venue size.We were disappointed when they walked off stage after only an hour and  15 minutes. Miranda was onstage longer than that, and she was the OPENING act for George Strait. Good show, a little pricey for an hour and 15 minutes.
5	Wow!!!!! We went on 2/14/14. Perfect was to spend that night! They sounded incredible! We sat in section 6, row AA... Highly recommend!!!!! Great view and you get to shake their hands, several times! Wish it was a longer show, but well worth it!
4	This was a great show. Even if you aren't huge country music or Tim and Faith fans, this show is enjoyable. The best parts were the two of them together. The worst parts were Faith on her own. The backing music was too much for her songs and took away from them instead of enhanced them. Tim's solo stuff was great. But again, the two of them together are really what you're paying to see here and that's worth every penny.They enter and exit from the middle of the theater, so if you have non-balcony seats, in the middle of theater, or really right on the aisle anywhere between the middle and front, you'll get to interact with them. Lots of folks gave hugs, took pictures, etc. Tim even autographed one of his guitars and gave it to a guy in the middle of the crowd. It's a decently interactive show.The stage setup is simple. Good lighting and whatnot. Nothing over the top.Overall, it was a great show and I would go again.
3	Let me start by saying, we're huge Tim & Faith fans.  We've seen him on 2 other occasions, and them together once before.  While the setting is very cool, smaller, very intimate... the show didn't quite live up to my expectations. I'll summarize:The Good:Up close & personal, they talked a little, high-fived the crowd, gave a few hugs, posed for a few pics.  You'd "NEVER" get this close in a tour show.The Bad:1. It's a Vegas show, so the crowd seemed like a bunch of oldsters who wanted something to do for the evening.  Far cry from a stadium full of fans.  My guess is they sold more Merlot than Bud-light at the show2. The whole theme was lower-key.  Tim for example didn't sing Indian Outlaw, Faith didn't sing hits like "Mississippi Girl"... I think they missed out on wow-ing real fans, perhaps the strategy was to "tone it down for Vegas", which seems ass backward to me.3. Don't drink too much, the walk to the bathroom is about 5 min from the show, even though it's still in the theatre.4. I'll end by saying "it's a Vegas show..."  There was no firing up the home crowd that you'd normally see.  I think something is missing (not just Tim & Faith) when you see a show that's performed night-after-night, multiple shows each night.  It seemed like they were just kinda running through the motions... and it's probably because they were.If you've never seen them, this is still a good chance to.  If you're looking for an amusing country show to occupy the night, they're still the best act in Vegas.  But if you're a real fan... don't set the bar too high.
1	It was truly disappointing...it reminded me of a poorly thrown together high school musical.  Very basic lighting, very low energy and a sense that neither of them wanted to be there AND that was the opening night of the SOUL2SOUL season!Three weeks earlier we saw Shania Twain in Vegas, a FAR superior show...plenty more going on on stage and an all round much more professional show...she is my recommendation over McGraw & Hill.Shania rocks those two do not.
5	Well worth the money. I go to a lot of show /concerts in Chicago & in Nashville . This show was fantastic. We had aisle seats. They arrive right out into the seating. Shaking hands ,letting you take photos & putting on a GREAT show. No opening act. Just who you pay to see. That's who u see. Get a chance. Do It.
1	Show aside. The Venetian Theater had one bartender / server. Never expect the Venetian to have any customer service.hundreds of Vegas tourist ? Genius!!!!  .
5	Outstanding. As a musician, I appreciated the great performances. Tim and Faith are incredibly talented, their band and backup singers were great as well. I really enjoyed it when they came out into the audience,  showing their warmth and crowd appreciation. In a word, fantastic !!!!!
1	My husband and I went to see Tim and Faith's show in February this year.  I was excited to see them, especially Faith cause I was a fan of hers.  However, I have to say I was very disappointed. We sat in the balcony, and even up there the tickets were pricey, but because the show didn't meet expectations for me, by the end of the night, I was so glad we decided not to pay the extra money to sit on the main floor.  First of all, the show started late and didn't really last quite as long as I had expected.  At first, when they came out they interacted a lot at the beginning, and it seemed like it was going to be a great show. However, if you buy the more expensive tickets on the main floor, get those next on the aisles or you will be disappointed. Tim was the only one who carried the weight of the entire show. Faith seemed to be struggling with everything, her voice and singing sounded awful. I thought it might be a mic issue but Tim sounded great, so that couldn't be it.  Faith never took time to connect with her audience. She had no charisma.  Tim had more energy. Faith was lackluster, appeared aloof and out of touch. Her individual songs that she sang lacked any kind of connection, like she was just going through the motions.  She stood only or sat and really didn't move around on stage much.  Faith was utterly boring. Then it got worse. Faith had all kinds of wardrobe issues and towards the end, her discomfort got worse when she wore her awful super long pair of pants -- that just did it for me.  I was not enjoying this show.  Faith laughed off her pants, but that didn't help me.  I couldn't stop worrying that she was going to trip and fall on stage because she was so immobile.  All I could concentrate on were her super long pants and how she didn't move much at all, but stood there a statue singing pretty badly. By the end of the show you really have to wonder, how did this woman get so popular and why was I even a fan! I know of so many better performers and singers, amateurs, who are way better singers and performers than Faith. It was a huge relief when Tim sang. I went to the show, not a Tim fan, but by the end of the night, I switched to a Tim fan. Without him, the show would've been terrible for me--hardly what I would've expected would've happened to me on a so-called Soul-to Soul-to concert!  Soul to Soul... the title was misleading.   I expected a lot more personal stories and singing between the two of them. It was not personable. I learned nothing about them really. If Tim didn't talk about himself a bit and sign his guitar to give to a kid in the audience, there would've been nothing. I would never go see a show with Faith in it again. I might go see Tim alone in his own concert maybe. However, for this show, it won't be what you expected and certainly not worth what you paid.  Save your money for other shows. You will have more fun!
