5	OK I know I am spoiled, I am from SF area, I am a cook, a chef, in this food business for 2/3rds of my life.  I am telling you that I've been disappointed so many times in Montreal restaurants; I don't even write about the restaurants if I am disappointed that's why I don't have many reviews about Montreal restaurants but here I am now.  Try this one.  It's been opened for little more than a week.  The view from this restaurant isn't good at all - dreadful construction site you have to see while you are eating - but inside of this restaurant is cool and hip.  And of course you have to judge the restaurant with their food right?  OMG, ok the salmon burger and Bailey's cream brulee was fantastic.  It's not easy to find a "Salmon Burger" that you just bite a one and say WOW  so here we are.  :)  Have you ever tried MSG over load Poutine in QC and got disgusted?? If you've been disappointed, you should try their Poutine here.  I bet that they use real stock for the poutine!  Delicious!  Oh well, I have to go there again and try more times to say something very fair but the first impression?  Absolutely you should try.  Oh Oh Oh!  Did I tell you that there is nowhere to go around Place d'art?  so try it! :)
5	Went there to have a casual salmon burger type of thing. Ended up with the best food i have ever seen in Montreal. We shared snapper sashimi, smoked duck, octopus and pork flank.It was served with grace and joy. All the food displayed great technique, an appreciation of flavours, and was complicated but not fussy.This is a unique resto with a  fun chef and a very special vibe.I wish them great success.
5	We had a great plat of oysters, beans, meats, fois gras, etc. Really nice atmosphere and service. Classy. We shall return!!!
4	Went here last thursday,The place opened up about 8 months ago, it's a couple of blocks from my place, but i haven't been eating out much lately so... finally this week.The chef is Francois Nadon, who used to work at Bronte, which was an exquisite place. I must say it's been a while since I've been pleasantly surprised by something original and tasty... I must say, this restaurant was my best find this year...The place is small and unassuming, the staff is friendly, and androgenous :) you'll have fun guessing who's male and who's female...for starters, we have the beet salad and grilled shrimp with beef marrow...for mains, braised pork with ravioli, and fowl with foie gras.And for dessert we shared a chocolate ganache.The beet salad was a bit weird, a little sweet for my taste, it had figs and berries too and caramelized bacon peanut brittle, my friend liked it, and it was original but for me it missed just slightly...The grilled shrimp was served with beef marrow and orange miso sauce, it was a very nice blend of salt and mild sweetness, the meaty shrimp contrasting with the soft marrow, and the sauce that ties everything together... beautiful dish!!! when you think of shrimp you never think of pairing it with marrow, but this just works and makes sense,  this one is a prefect 10!!!Then came the braised pork with  green pea ravioli, a bit bland to my taste. miss again, it didn't blend well. The cooking and textures were there but no salt!!! did you forget to salt the pork???The fowl was great, cooked perfectly, with crispy skin!!!! ya baby give me some more!!! foie gras didn't need to be there but it contrasted well with the crispy skin, and the sauce was very nice. yummyThe chocolate ganache was rich and perfect, not too sweet and intensely chocolately. The bacon bits added a nice touch of salt, the bourbon jelly was refresshing and caramelized bananas added a nice sweetness, and coffee dust rounded it out with a touch of bitterness. very nice indeed. I went home and made chocolate ganache today, that's how good this was.All in all, this was a cool place, if you like unusual and contrasting flavors and textures you will like this place, it's a bit hit and miss but the hits are phenomenal and the misses aren't destestable...will definitely go back :)
3	I was a little disappointed with this place since reading the rave reviews. The food was good, but I can't say great. My main dish was cold when it arrived. Although the quality of the food was quite good, I felt that the portion sizes were quite small, and that is saying something from me! I had the beet salad as a starter, the pork stew with ravioli for a main and the grapefruit mousse for desert. The desert was great but the other two dishes were just good in my opinion. The service was very good and the ambiance was so so. I don't think I will go back soon, not trying to be harsh, but there are lots of other great places to eat in Montreal.
5	This place was so cool. I mean, seriously, I felt like I didn't qualify as cool enough to be there. It's an experience and the food is top notch, with unexpected flavors that go amazing well together. It was also very expensive and we puzzled over how the hipsters who were eating there could afford it. We barely could. If you're looking for upscale that is interesting and unstuffy, this should definitely be one of your top three picks in Montreal.
5	OH...my... :OIs 'Mouth Orgasm' a correct term to describe the food there? My entire meal experience was just amazing: my beet salad was sweet on the tongue; the lamb tartare was all melting in the mouth with the cheese; the cookie jar was fresh from the oven and fatty, tasting the butter and chocolate' perfect mix-up; and the chocolate mousse was just perfect: not too sugary, but not too dry for dark chocolate.The only thing I was bad to say? Small servings. But otherwise, I had an amazing experience. I'll surely go back soon, as I've been told their menus changed a lot, and their risotto is really 'to die for'!
4	This is one of the best food experiences I have ever had in Montreal... or anywhere.  Food quality... A+  Wine list... A+. Service... A+...  There is only one negative. I am all in favour of a trendy / elegant / sparse decor... But please think about adding some sound absorbing materials to the space.    Being able to converse easily with my dinner companions would make this place perfect... 5+ stars.
5	Service is exquisite and the food is intensely flavored without being too overwhelming in grease. This has to be one of my favorite new restaurants when I visit Montreal. I only had lunch. The soup was good and paired well with the smoked mackerel. The poutine was a bit overwhelming, but not in the slabs-of-foie-gras overwhelming like Au Pied, but sort of flavor wise, a little too much between the scallions and the turkey confit that seemed to overwhelm rather than mesh together. Still, it was really really good. 4.5 rounded up.
2	I really liked my dessert (the sable) it was definitely the highlight of the meal. In terms of the mains, my scallops arrived cold and over salted, and my boyfriend said his fois gras was just "fine". The atmosphere was extremely loud (similar to a high school cafeteria) and it was interesting having my waiter shout the specials at me. Not at all what I would expect at a restaurant of this type but might be fun if you're a large group and not on a date.
5	Wow! Pure awesomeness. There are nicer restaurants that you are glad you tried, then there are nice places like Bouillon Bilk that you can't wait to get back to.Came here with a friend on a visit to Montreal. Everything I ate, drank, or just sampled off other plates was delicious.The scallop plate was one of the best meals I have ever had, and definitely the best scallop plate.The service was good, but just a bit slow.The cocktails were spot on and the desserts (try the chocolate cake or jar of cookies) were delightful.Reservations are probably required. They graciously accommodate English and French speakers. Note that the atmosphere is a bit dressy, but not fussy. Parking is on the street, so you might opt for a cab or bus.You won't regret it!
5	Recommended to us by the concierge at Le Westin. One of the better meals I have ever had.Braised short rib served with lobster, peach slices,and veggies was incomparable. The chef made me a beautiful salad as an app even though salad was not on the menu. Everything our party ordered was beautifully prepared and presented. Our server, Naomi, was so pleasant and helpful. She even wrote down some of her personal favorite spots for breakfast and lunch in Montreal. Don't be concerned about slightly sketchy looking block this restaurant is on or it's very unassuming entrance. This is a restaurant capable of preparing a memorable meal.
5	The place is small, but very cozy. Service is very good, and the food is excellent. We stayed in Montreal for few days, and we came here for our anniversary. The food was so good we returned two days later. We tried beef, scallops, piglet, and ravioli for main dishes. We also had octopus for our apps. Everything was very good. Highly recommend beef, scallops, and octopus. We definitely be back when we return to Montreal.
5	We were on vacation and happily found this place, thanks to all the YELP reviews! Outstanding food & service! We were a party of 6 and everyone loved their dishes, from appetizers to entrees, like salomn, beef..etc...finally desserts! Don't pass on desserts, which is presented artfully. We definitely would come back here the next time we're in Montreal (BTW Old Montreal is wonderful!). Make your reservations and enjoy the phenomenal food!
5	Fantastic food, great atmosphere, perfect service!
5	Oh Bouillon Bilk, I have walked by you a thousand times and never tried you until recently. Why was I such a fool. I guess better late than never?We went for a late Friday afternoon lunch and the place was packed with people, mostly office/government workers that work nearby.  Luck was on our side when we walked in as that they had an empty table for the three of us! Would definitely make reservations though. Atmosphere is great and the vibe is very, very relaxed.To start, we tried the:- Daily soup ($5) - cream broccoli with goat cheese and grapes. My grandma wanted more but it was great. Not too creamy and a couple bites of goat cheese and grapes was a nice touch.- Daily salad ($5) - mixed greens with coleslaw. A very simple salad but had a nice depth of flavour to it. Very fresh and summery.For entrees, we each ordered and shared:- Gnocchi  ($16) - came with shrimp, squash and sage. This is what I ordered and it was my favourite of the three. Sauce was so good and the gnoccchi was light, not heavy, you know?- Veal flank steak ($17)  - came with chorizo, clams and coriander. I tried a bit and the chorizo had a bit of heat to it. - Red sea bass ($17) - came with spetzel, ratatouille and brussel sprouts. Fish was tender. Really liked the spetzel which you don't see very often.All the dishes were flawless and presentation was just amazing. Everything we ordered was tasty and we were all impressed. Great food, great service (our waiter explained in detail the whole menu to us) and a great place. You have to try Bouillon Bilk if you haven't been yet, it's worth it.
5	Second visit to Montreal, second visit to this lovely place.  Story short- Best restaurant in Montreal.Well educated staff- the server recommended a French 100% Cab Franc.  Who does that?  They do and it was a home run.  She was able to give detailed menu descriptions of a very involved menu in French and English.  Who does that?  They do!Food was so delicious-  from the quality of the ingredients to the subtle and carefully execute preparation- it was all perfect!  See you next year!!
5	Came here based on fellow Yelp reviewer's comments and was not disappointed.  Came here for dinner on a Thursday night with reservation.  I was almost 45 minutes late (I did call up to let them know) and the lady was very very nice about it and they kept my spot for me.  The place was buzzing with people and so noise level quite high.I was promptly seated at the bar and the bartender patiently explained everything on the menu to me in English (and I meant very patiently, thoroughly and expertly).I chose the pork belly in spicy broth for appetizer. Visually stunning and tasted just as good.For main I had the the grilled artic char with artichokes, clementines, blood sausage, olives, cashews.  Skin was crispy, fish was cooked to perfection and again, visually like a piece of artwork.  Every bite with different combination of the accompaniments brought out new flavor combination.Definitely would be back for more if I visit Montreal again.
5	I went a few times and I can say aloud that this restaurant is one of the best in Montreal! Everything is amazing and also the list of the wines is pretty good! If you love amazing food I highly recommended Bouillon Bilk!
5	Savoureux. Un resto dispendieux qui vaut la peine! Service parfait. Bons mariages de vins et mets.
5	This place is awesome really! The food was excellent and so were the service and the staff. Not too many choices, but every single one of them is very original and tasteful. You get to experience tastes and products that you cannot find everywhere.Would definitely go back.
5	What a find! One of the most delicious, decadent, inventive and creative meals I have ever had.  It was a Saturday night and we needed to decide where to eat.  I looked into Yelp and found two reasonable choices near the hotel. Bilk was the closest and had delicious looking pictures.  I called and we luckily landed a table for four at 8:00 pm on a Saturday night.  We started our walk early in order to not to fall asleep while waiting since we drove up the night before from NY. We arrived early and asked if our table was ready. We were about 20 minutes early but luckily there was another table ready for us! yay! We were seated and ready to indulge.  The menu seemed small but it all sounded delicious and special.  The dessert section was as big as the appetizer section.  The entree section was the shortest.  The waiter came by quickly and explained he had a lot to tell us.  When he came by and started expertly telling us the specials, a look of wonder came upon my boyfriend's and his friends face.  The words that were coming out of the waiter's mouth seemed like heaven to them.  There was linguini with a quail egg bacon and, many items with foie gras and other mouth watering items described.  We ordered, the amuse bouche, 5 appetizers and an entree each. The appetizer all came together first, (the waiter forgot the amuse), we were so full and happy with all the appetizers that we did not need the amuse. The appetizer were all creative and delicious.  I felt like a judge on Iron Chef with the privilege to try such inventive yet tasty dishes.  I've eaten at many fancy restaurants in NYC, but so far none as been as wonderful as this experience and for the very affordable price.  The entrees were equally awesone. We all dug in and smiled throughout the wonderful meal. Every bite felt like a flavorful delight to our taste buds.  I mentioned to the waiter that it was ok not to give us the amuse..he apologized for his mistake with a cookie jar of delicious chocolate and white chocolate cookies.  We ordered espresso and a foie gras dessert at the end and it put our meal over the top of awesomeness. The espresso was strong and flavorful and the foie gras dessert was amazing. The pomme cake with foie gras on top was a ridiculously brilliant invention.  Savory and Sweet mashed together into a heavenly taste.  We would come back ready to try this Chef's new menu. As I understand it is always changing but always amazing.  So if you are in Montreal, I highly recommend this restaurant. You will not be disappointed.
5	Bouillon Bilk is a perfect example of why I use Yelp.  I never would have found this place otherwise.  It's a French restaurant hole-in-the-wall located in a not-so-nice neighborhood but it is a hidden gem.  Everything else on the street was closed but when we walked into this place on a weeknight it was packed.Somehow we were seated quickly and given menus.  The menu was extremely short which allowed the waitress to go through each item individually and describe what they were.  We asked if they could recommend a couple of bottles of wine and she advised us to wait until we had ordered our food so that she could pair the wine with what we ordered.I got the venison which was a first for me.  It was delicious and cooked perfectly.  The wine that she paired with it was an excellent selection.  Later in the evening we wanted a second bottle and they actually sent over the person responsible for selecting all of the restaurant's wine.  His knowledge was unbelievable as he not only told us about the flavors of the different options, he also gave us a really interesting history of the different wine makers.We stayed for dessert and shared a cheese platter and a carrot cake.  Both were excellent.  I would definitely return here again.
5	After a long search for the perfect restaurant in Montreal, the ratings drew us to Bouillon Bilk.  It was just like the reviews said.Excellent customer service. The staff instantly makes you feel as though they are your friends and you could ask them anything. They are very knowledgeable and make everything on the menu sound delicious!The food was top notch.  A week later I still have visions of the amuse-bouche dancing in my mouth.  As a starter I had the duck, amazing. They used flavour and texture combinations that I would have never dreamed of!  Venison as my main, so tender and cooked to perfection. Followed by a delicious bread pudding sitting in caramel, chocolate and hazelnuts that was to die for.  We loved our experience at Bouillon Bilk and will definitely be eating there on our next visit to Montreal!
3	Maybe because I'm not quite into raw food. The decor is simple  We tried duck, crab and beef. To be honest, I do love the crab, very fresh and tasty. Plus the shape is so creative. Other is not my cup of tea
5	This is the first time since my honeymoon in hawaii that ive had such a spectacular meal. This says alot coming from such a huge foodie as myself. I had agnoletti, lobster pasta and the carrot cake dessert. All were amazing & the service impeccable. I drool thinking of when i will next go back. A must try in montreal
5	Pretty much a perfect dining experience. We arrived without reservations and had no problem getting a seat at the bar, as the place was packed, but that's a great spot to catch all the action and chat with the bartender from. We started with the amuse bouche of the day, enjoyed fresh bread and cocktails to start, and were blown away by the quality of our main dishes. I tried a scallop dish that had a delicately arranged variety of textures - shiitake, zucchini, fried leek. My date tried the bacon wrapped rabbit with shrimp, polenta, and apple, outstanding. I could not resist a dessert, though we usually don't have any room - the meals are not huge here but they are intensely satisfying and great value, as long as you're OK with things a bit upscale. There was no music but the vibe was still wonderful, the din of diners making up for the lack of song. The decor is stark, just simple with white on most surfaces and not much in the way of decoration. Bouillon Bilk simply doesn't need anything fancy to dress it up, the focus is 100% on the food and drinks. The service was excellent, and the hostess explained at one point that they've expanded the original space, so it's perhaps twice as big as the hole in the wall size that some of the other Yelp reviews I read described.Don't miss this place!
5	Bouillon Bilk is simply amazing! Food is always perfect, nice wine selection and staff is smiling and accommodating. This pint size restaurant is definitely a must try. I have been several times and every time was perfect.
5	I rarely take the time to commit a review to "paper" unless the place is truly outstanding or abysmally awful. This modern french bistro with clean delicious flavors, artful presentation, and inventive combinations is entirely worth it. The best dining experience in Montreal, and possibly my new all-time favorite restaurant.The customer service was excellent.  The waitress sent over the sommelier to help me select a wine and recommend the perfect cocktail for my boyfriend.  The sommelier came by later to check on us and instruct us on making the cocktail at home.We started with the foie gras and asparagus appetizers.  Both were very good, though the foie gras was a revelation.  My boyfriend ordered the scallops with hazelnut butter and I had the halibut over a salad with a buttery foam.  Again, both were delicious, but the scallops were perfection with a rich caramelized sauce that was so heavenly, I had to fight the urge to lick his plate clean. I have not stopped raving about this place to colleagues, friends, and family.
5	Everytime I come back here, I eat something new!!!Carrots, whoever thought carrots were tasty, but it was!!! We had the carrot risotto, the lobster with almond sauce, ravioli, and sweet breads and octopus, yeah it's like this weird surf and turf and for dessert a banana cake with ice cream and chocolate sauce, it was weak and really not on par with the savory stuff. I find this place extremely interesting and original. They come up with the most unsual combinations of ingredients and when you think about it, it's not clearly obvious why someone would put these things together, then you eat it and you're like wow really this makes sense why didn't people think of this...Nothing is straightforward here, it's always an obtuse and oblique interpretation as usual!!! I'm not saying I've liked everything I ate here, but some of the stuff I didn't like, I can still see there was some thought put into it, what the chef was trying to do. That for me still gets points even if I didn't like the dish. When I eat here I can feel the intense passion for the food more so than most other places, I don't know who creates the menu at this place but I'm thinking it has to be someone so interesting!!! I know whatever, let me have my fantasy!!! lolexamples from previous visits:foie gras and rhubarbe, (foie gras is torchon not seared, I think the seared foie gras would have been better)seared shrimps with bone marrow and orange miso sauce !!! this one was amazingAnd this time carrot risotto with passion fruit, sweetbreads and octopus.The carrot risotto, carrot in the sauce, with carrot bits, seriously could be the best risotto I've had the past few years. Maybe there was too much sauce or too runny as they say, but I didn't mind, It tasted great. My one only caveat was the shrimps were kind of like those mini cocktail shrimps and they didn't add anything to the dish, maybe a sear could add more flavour. The dish was amazing never thought carrots could taste so good.The sweetbread and octopus. the sweetbreads was crispy and octopus was tender, garnished with peach slices, string beans and mushrooms. a pleasant dish fresh with contrasting textures colours and flavours. very nice, I promote this place to be my new favourite french resto in MTL.The ravioli was much better meat was better salted this time around huge improvement over last time, and the ravioli texture was perfect. The lobster was so so, didn't fly for me.FYI: they just expanded about 3 weeks ago, it is now twice as big, they took over the space next door.
5	Having walked about 30 minutes in the wrong direction absentmindedly, I completed my long hike to Bouillon Bilk. In Montreal for a conference, it was dinner for 1, with my trusty friends The New Yorker and The Economist my only companions. I was delighted to find that the restaurant has seating along both sides of the large central bar, ideal for the lone rangers among us. The decor is unpretentious and minimalist without being sterile. The use of high and low tables helps make the dining room dynamic. For its small scale, it has a sense of theatre. My server, Naomi, was lovely and attentive. As she explained the specials it became clear that this is a restaurant that constructs dishes with many elements-- varied ingredients, garnishes, sauces-- it all sounded very ambitious. I ordered the duck, with cherries, brown rice, snow peas, a mustard reduction, and topped with seared foie gras. On the side I ordered a special of various Quebecois mushrooms, apparently in season. Some hearty country-style bread and an excellent local Pilsner tied me over until the main courses arrived. To get to the point, the food was excellent. Better executed, more satisfying, and more delicious than most similarly "ambitious" eateries in New York. With all the things happening on the plate, every bite was so well balanced-- savory and sweet in a killer combination. Dessert was also on point. They kindly accommodated my request for a simple bowl of ice cream-- scoops of both homemade sesame and coffee flavors, at once delicate and rich. And as Naomi explained, the chef couldn't just send out two scoops ungarnished, so the bowl had little pansy petals sprinkled on top. I highly recommend the restaurant for those who want to instantly confirm that Montreal is a city with a serious and apparently thriving food culture. And importantly, aside from the food, the atmosphere is convivial and relaxed. It was worth the hike.
5	Absolutely amazing - the highlight of our visit to Montreal! The food was delicious and the service impeccable.
5	Fantastic food, service, ambiance, wine,  and cocktails.My favorite even after visiting au pied de cochon and Toque.
4	My wife and I went over for our anniversary dinner. Overall, the restaurant was great and the service was wonderful. Here are what we ordered and some suggestions for the owner and chef to improve upon on. There are definitely rooms for improvement both on the food and the restaurant itself.We both order a fried oyster to start from the daily specials. $5 each. My wife enjoyed hers. Mine was really tiny. You could tell the size difference when the two plates were put on the table. I gave the bigger one to my wife. All I could taste was batter on mine and no oyster. I think they should leave the smaller oyster to serve fresh but to pick the bigger one for deep fried.I ordered the lobster appetizer ($19). My wife ordered the tuna appetizer ($21) from the daily specials. Both were great.I ordered the duck and foie gras ($35) for my main. My wife ordered the octopus and sweet bread ($34).The foie gras was prepared and pan seared to almost perfection. It could be more crispy on the outside before it melted in my mouth to be perfect. Good generous portion for the foie gras. The duck breast, however, was prepared very poorly. It was very very very very very chewy. I googled afterward why duck breast would be chewy. Apparently, it was because it was not cooked enough. It was very red for sure and there was still a lot of fat left on the skin. The skin was not crispy either which meant it was not rendered properly to cook out all the fat under the skin either. I probably should have sent it back instead of forcing it thru my guts. I hope the owner and chef will buy more duck breasts to properly train their sous chefs on how to cook duck breasts properly. (I was wondering why the waiter had brought out a steak knife for the main course.)My wife's octopus and sweet bread was prepared well although she was unhappy with the side dishes. The menu said it should come with grilled red peppers and eggplants which she liked both. However, neither made it to the plate. It came with maybe 4 pieces of green beans instead that she did not really like. At $34, they really could have given her more greens to substitute for the grilled red peppers and eggplant.They could use some candles on each table for a better ambience too. The street entrance was littered with smoked cigarettes and empty beer boxes. They seriously could sweep that 5 x 10 feet area on the street right in front of the entrance before they open each day!!!
5	Food ----fantastic~Service----needs improve~Recommend appetizer lobster and duck for main course. Very impressive restaurant and hope can come again~
5	Best restaurant in town. Seriously. Every time I'm amazed. The scallops will make you cry joy. It's all amazing.
5	Absolutely amazing food! We has the Fois Gras to start and then the Scallops for mains. Both dishes were visually appealing and absolutely delicious. This place is a must visit if you are in Montreal. Call ahead for reservations, it's a popular joint even though not the usual tourist spot. I will definitely go back during my next visit.
4	I had gone to the old Bilk several times and really enjoyed the food and atmosphere.  Now very impressed with the renovation that has been completed.  Doubles the size of the restaurant with a much larger bar area.  Clean and spare on decoration the space is great.  No change to the food.  I had venison tartare as a starter followed by corn and lamb ravioli.  All tastefully plated with lots of flavor and texture to play with.  the ravioli was cooked perfectly - a true al dente.  I wonder if the clientele for the new Bilk has changed.  My general impression is that it is skewing to an older demographic.  But perhaps I just wasn't paying attention on last visits.
4	Torn between 5 and 4 stars, but ended on 4 since I feel there are discernibly better places in MTL to dine and wine. Always packed, this place is good for culture,and the personnel prepared to assist in food and drink selection. If in MTL, make this a priority to visit. I simply cannot give it 5 stars because other places nearby merit that accolade only slightly more.
5	Everything was outstanding. The food options and preparation are super inventive with surprising flavor combinations. We ordered the hamachi appetizer (with grapefruit and yuzu) followed by two entrees - salmon (divine with a kind of Indian curry sauce) and guinea fowl (with radish, lentils and greens). The salmon was seated gently. No fishy taste and perfectly tender. The guinea fowl was so succulent. We paired it all with a glass of local Chardonnay and didn't even have room for dessert - likely because we'd OD'ed on the bottomless basket of homemade sourdough bread. Everyone from the host to the server were extremely kind and attentive and new the menu inside out. The restaurant was full of smartly dressed diners, across age ranges, even one family with well behaved children. As mentioned by other reviewers, the acoustics are poor and it gets a bit noisy when every table is filled. So go early.
5	An odd find and a little away from everything... gorgeous food and menu....in love with this place. Melanie was wonderful...razor clam appetizer to die for...great service as well. Nice to see it being done right.
5	A remarkable dinner. Every single dish was spectacular, the combination of ingredients really worked every time. Besides, staff was wonderful! We had the scallops and then the brioche with foie fras and peanuts for dessert. It really couldn't be better, I became a fan of the place!
5	One of my most favorite meals in Montreal. A beautiful ambiance as soon as you stepped in through the door. Everyone was elegantly and tastefully dressed. Very extensive wine list with a very knowledgeable sommelier who chose the perfect bottle of wine for our group of 8 girls out celebrating our girlfriend's bachelorette party. We pretty much ordered one of every thing on the menu, but my personal favorite was the cold lobster salad. Everything was so artfully prepared, I almost (but not quite) didn't want to ruin the perfect plating. Restrooms with a unique shared handwashing area, where you could end up chit chatting with strangers also there to enjoy a beautiful meal. Overall had an amazing experience at Buillon Bilk and would love to come back again next time I am fortunate enough to visit Montreal.
5	Amazing chow! Everything was wonderful. Oysters: fresh and well shucked. I would have liked a bit more mignonette...no biggy. Amuse bouche: can't remember but it was dope. My bouche was certainly amused. Appetizers: Duck tartar and octopus. Both incredible. Especially the octopus. Mains: venison. Tender and perfect medium rare all the way through...Scallops were tasty and expertly prepared.Dessert: we shared the brioche and chocolate fois gras. Rich, unique and fantastic. We had wine pairing with each course. Check was around 3 hund-o but well with it in my opinion.
2	Environment is classy... Service is not bad...But one of my major concern is that I ordered oysters and there were small pieces of shells within the meat.... It was terrible experience!!! I've never had to pick broken shell piece off my oyster before... No offence but this needs to be addressed And my personal opinion this restaurant is over price... Not worth the money...
5	This restaurant is basically what I wish Eleven Madison Park in NYC would be. Lots of diverse flavors packed into each dish, but all were well balanced and light. The dishes were very complex, yet tasted somehow simple. Fantastic dining experience and would absolutely come back multiple times. Great atmosphere and good service.
5	Food and service were excellent and met expectations. First time trying sweetbreads and I was a little squeamish but they were delicious! This may sound weird but their coffee was one of the best cups I've had. My other 3 guests also enjoyed everything as much as I did.
5	We stopped in on Boxing Day and loved our meal (Cornish Hen & Cappelletti). Delicious! The hamachi mixed with cream left something to be desired. I would recommend a spot at the bar over a table for a casual party of two. Call ahead. Reservations highly recommended.
