4	What a great place! Live music - man and/or woman with a piano - and great food. The west-side has no restaurant to compare with this.For appetizers it is hard to go wrong - I have had the fried mushrooms (yummy), calamari (melts in your mouth), steak on a stick (it is ok, but not as good as the others) and the coconut shrimp (fabulous).If you have read any of my other reviews you know I like lamb - and the rack of lamb here is fantastic! Also try the pepper steak...very good - with a little bit of a bite to it. While I haven't had the seafood entrees, they look really good when I have seen them and the staff tells me the sea bass is exceptional.The desserts...my wife seems to like the chocolate covered strawberries - they are done up with little tuxedos....I like the chocolate cover cheesecake, it comes in bite sized pieces.The wine selection is good and there are plenty of good cognacs and a cigar menu for after dinner enjoyment...don't be scared off by cigars - you aren't allowed to smoke them in the main dining area...
2	I remember when I heard this place was opening, I was stoked. At last, there was to be a non-chain fine dining restaurant on the West side. It only took a year and half for me to go there. I justify this lapse as giving them plenty of time to get the kinks out.In order to beat the noise and crowds, we went for an early dinner on Friday. Our server was very amiable and polite, but I'm not entirely sure of his knowledge of the restaurant's products. Upon looking at the menus, I must agree with the previous reviewer who stated that the dishes offered were uninspired. There were several items that looked good, but none that I felt were "must try" or innovative. I was pleased to see several classic cocktails on the drinks menu. However, when I ordered one, it was made improperly. This seems to be the common theme with Skye -- they aim high, but miss the mark.When the appetizers arrived, I thought they were like Applebee's-type offerings, but made with fancier ingredients (e.g. the duck and brie quesadilla). The coconut shrimp tasted like something out of the freezer.The shrimp in my entree were woefully overcooked, at the risotto did not taste of tequila or cayenne, as the menu promised. My companion's steak was rather good, but her mashed potatoes looked like plastic, and tasted odd, as if maybe they contained parsnips or turnips. It's no surprise that we did not stay for dessert.I am torn, because I thought the food was so blah. Yet selfishly, I want Skye to succeed, in the hopes that more restaurants will want to make a go on the West side.
3	OK. I'm a CenPho snob. A yelp elitist. I admit it. I own it. So when I found out I was going to Peoria for an event, I had already formed my opinion. Cheesey place with cheesey people. God, I love being right! This place is HUGE. Over 14,500 square feet of restaurant, bar, stage and patio space. The event was very disorganized and it was difficult getting a server. I can't knock the restaurant so much for this. And I'll yelp the event seperately. It seems as thoug the food du jour at restaurants everywhere is an upscale macaroni and cheese. And SKYE serves there's with chunks of lobster. Dee lish. Of course you could serve mac n cheese with human toes and I'd still scrape the plate with my fingers. The steak sticks were like skewers of shoe leather. Only leather would have been tastier. The calamari was crisp and tender served with sweet and sour and marinara sauces. Rickie's filet was devoured in seconds. So I'm assuming thumbs up on that. I wasn't feeling the pinot grigio so I switched to chilled Patron and Coronas. Seemed like a good idea at the time. Probably should have stopped drinking before midnight. But. I didn't. I guess if you live out here, this could be a happening place. It just ain't happening for me.
4	we went to Skye for our 1-year anniversary(March 2007), and it was pretty much what I expected it to be...very pricey, but worth the expense for a special occasion.we were seated in the lounge, where a(very talented) singer was breathing new life into hits by Sade and other great artists...the ambience was wonderful!first things first: the bread basket--warm pumpernickel bread with sweet, soft butter...always so comforting!for our appetizer, we ordered the coconut shrimp, which was wonderful--large, juicy, evenly coated with crisp coconut, and served with sweet teriyaki and spicy wasabi...for my entree, I ordered the shrimp puerto penasco--slightly spicy with soft, mouth-wateringly good risotto--perfection!he ordered the st. louis pasta, accompanied by plenty of sweet sausage and covered in a creamy tomato sauce--we had to bring the rest of that one home haha!for dessert, we ordered the cheesecake 'lollipops'--3 chunks of cheesecake(chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry) on sticks, covered in chocolate and served with raspberry dipping sauce--wow! that was the piece de resistance, for sure!...but *before* our dessert was brought out(to go--we were pretty full by then), they brought us a slice of flourless chocolate cake(so rich and decadent), and written around the edge of the plate, in chocolate sauce, was 'Happy Anniversary'...a lovely touch, and so delicious...a great meal, great service!
3	Skye: in a nutshellDrinks: Pretty damn goodFood: Decent, nothing spectacularMusic: Great, esp after drinks - an older British fellow and his Bonnie Tyler-wannabe partner do a pretty decent job of getting the fifty-somethings up to do The Hustle (although to be honest it's more like "the Shuffle" with that crowd).Pretention factor: Way High - this  place is the closest thing to a hot spot that the over 30 upper mid class has had in Peoria. People were spiffed up walking in the door!!Bathrooms: Very cleanService: very attentive and personableValet: A nice touchAfter a day at Dolce salaon and spa, me and the spousal unit went with another couple to eat overpriced but decent grub, get tipsy, and basically enjoy the afterglow of a day of various massages. Skye is very, how do I say, "Vegas-loungey", maybe, but folks of all ages and shapes and sizes and varying degrees of clumsiness were dancing to the sounds of a man and woman who were British and actually pretty good. Great music was also played during the band's intermission as well. As for the sociological aspect, I saw lots of desperate forty-something gold digger types in varying types of sequin/thong/halter outfits cozying up to older gentlemen at the bar. (you can dress the girl up but that "trailer tarnish" gives 'em away every time!) Ran into one in the bathroom, up close they ain't so cute! But the bar at Skye is nice and dark.All in all, a fun night out, if you can afford about $195 per couple, and the chance of a broken hip.
3	Skye is an interesting concept. Different rooms with different musical acts playing.....it seems like it would be a fun place to have dinner. But, I just couldn't get comfortable with my surroundings and was eager to wrap up dinner and get home as quickly as I could. The food was good, but not great. The Cesar salad was what you'd expect. The chicken breast that I had was, again, mediocre. I will say that the couscous was a highlight of the meal. Still, every time the door to our dining room opened, the music from the adjoining room BLASTED in. I think I may have permanent ear damage. Seriously, the conversation had to stop every time a server walked into our room. Overall, Skye was 3-stars. Decent food......good service.....overpowering music. If I find myself on the west side at dinner time, I may try it again. But, I won't be going out of my way to eat there anytime soon.
2	My husband and I have been here several times and always enjoy the entertainment. The food is pretty good too. My only complaint would be that the service is not always good. The last time we went (which has been about a year ago) the service was so bad we haven't been back since.
5	Went to Skye for the first time in 12/09 for a  work party. I honestly didn't know what to expect, but WOW was I impressed. The night started with drinks and the Seafood tower, which was devoured before I got to try much of it. I will say that the Shrimp were the biggest that I have ever seen in AZ. Everyone raved about the quality of the seafood, so I will take their word for the oysters and crab legs. At dinner I was impressed to find out that the special that day was a bone-in fillet mignon. Yes, bone-in. I had never had one before and determined that there was no other need to examine the menu. By far the best steak that I have ever had! I consider myself a bit of a steak preppy, but this was incredible. Flavor was amazing and cooked absolutely perfectly. If you are planning on visiting SKYE, be sure to call ahead and ask for the bone-in fillet as I was told they don't always order them, but will if you request it in advance.Also, the sides come in a sharing style portion, so don't be afraid to pass them around the table. The cheesy scallop potatoes were awesome! I highly recommend!Service here was about as profressional as I have ever had in Phoenix. Overall, based on this 1 experience - 5 Stars for sure. Can't wait to go back and check out the live music during dinner the next time I go.
4	A little pricey, but lots of fun. I purchased groupons for myself and as gifts for friends. The groupon includes 2 tickets for the "concert" and $35 off dinner. Did the "Blond Day" concert with 3 friends. The entertainment was a hoot. The Debby Harry wannabe singer did an excellent job and has a fantastic voice. Enjoyed myself immensly!I have to say the steak in the special 3-course dinner was awesome and well presented with side of mashed potato and veggies. The salad was terrific with gorgonzola, strawberries and sugared walnuts and lightly dressed with a balsamic vinagrette. The creme brulee was not anything to write home about, but just passable.
3	The service is great, the food's pretty good, and the drinks are great (they put dry ice in the drinks so they're all bubbly and exciting looking), but I am just not a fan.For what you get, the food seems completely overpriced. The atmosphere is nice but it's definitely for an older crowd, and is often quite empty. They sometimes have live music, and the background music is often country.. maybe another reason i'm not a fan.
5	i wen there for my anniversary and it was amzing.. it is formal attire they host live bands events and the dinning is great.. its also a club at times aswell as fine dinning amazing salads and i mean they go all the way out just on that special occasion. if u are planning somthing special or just want a nice dinner this is the place to go! especially if u r planning on purposing!
4	Skye Restaurant in Peoria, AZ .... Wish I was there! Just moved to Kansas and am missing out on this great deal!   :(LOBSTER NIGHT IS BACK THIS TUESDAY! Chef Scott Tompkins is flying infresh lobster from the east coast again!Enjoy one lb of fresh Live Lobster with red potatoes and sweet corn on the cob for $19.95! Add another fresh whole lobster to your plate for only $12.95. Space (and lobsters) are limited,so please call 623 334 0010to make your reservation
4	Went to see The Tokens, who sang their signature song: The Lion Sleeps tonite.  They were funny, very interactive with the audience, and just a generally good show,  It was quite a drive from PV, not sure if I would go again?  I did not have the dinner menu - I've done dinner & a show kinda thing, not usually a good idea.  There are TONS of options around w/n walking distance.The lounge?  MEH.  Had a fairly snotty waiter.  I ordered a "crisp, clean, NOT sweet" Rose, but he then returned and said it was not available, could he substitute another Rose?  I said as long as it was def. not sweet, he said indeed it wasn't.   Was the worst bottle of wine I've ever had.  (I know, I shoudl have sent it back, long story...)Anyhow, the server at the show was amazing: fun, happy, quick, accomodating.  Little cheese cake lolli-pops were YUMMY !  So were the hand-cut potatoe chips with truffle dip.  Mmmmm :-)
5	After our week in Page, we spent a few nights in Sun City with my Mom and Grandma. Since we were there in summer (which is a rarity for me) I was able to talk Grandma into going somewhere besides the Elephant Bar and a place without having a coupon! As luck would have it, she suggested Skye saying it was a wonderful place and she knew we would enjoy it as an early birthday celebration for my husband. Man oh man was this a great restaurant. Actually it seems like it is half restaurant, half night club and with our 5:30 reservation (yes, this was a "late" dinner for my Grandma), we of course only spent time in the actual restaurant. We were a party of 6 and 4 of us had a cocktail to start. My cosmo was one of the "specials" and was nice and strong for only $6.00. It was the most creative cosmo I have had as it came with a little dry ice in it. Grandma was very happy with her martini and well, no one said much as we drank and perused the menu whilst nibbling on a really good and creative bread basket. My husband and I shared mostly everything and others on the table traded bites. We started with both the Caesar salad and lobster bisque. I was highly impressed with both. The Caesar had homemade croutons and dressing and were very tasty and the lobster bisque was heavenly-not too rich and full of real lobster (even in Arizona!). My daughter had a specialty salad with Gorgonzola and strawberries and loved every morsel. Since I don't eat stinky cheese, I cannot attest to the taste but she keeps talking about the salad. For our entree, Kevin and I shared a bone-in ribeye. This was what 3 of the six(4 if you count me) ordered. My mom had the fish special which was melt in your mouth to die for and my daughter had the filet. The sides are huge and are meant for sharing (like Fleming's or Ruth Chris), so 5 of us shared baked potatoes and mushrooms while the last of our party had the twice baked that no one else got to taste (must have been good).Our steak was incredible and rivals with my memories of Durant's. I savored every cholesterol increasing bite. My Grandma enjoyed hers so much she looked over to me and thanked me for insisting we go somewhere different.Unbeknownst to me, 2 desserts were brought out with candles to celebrate the upcoming birthday of my husband and other part of our party. The desserts were delicious and beautifully presented and since they were "on the house", my Grandma was pleased. I am coming back to the Phoenix area at the end of the month for a couple of nights and am already angling for a reason to come back to Skye...I loved it, I really loved it!
4	My review is of the cooking class offered once a month on Tuesdays!  We "won" this during a silent auction.  Chef Scott was very entertaining and the class very informative.  The food was delish shrimp on an sweet potato/apple cake (like a potatoe latke), swiss eggs with spinach salad, an autumn vegetable couscous, and cheesecake with cranberry.  All of this with wine for $50....this is a great deal friends.  It seems there is a bit of a cooking cult following so make your reservations early.
5	Just saw Beach Toys at the Skye.  Very good show.  Food great and serve wonderful.  Everyone seemed to enjoy the show.
5	This place is wonderful! Great band that sound so much like the real thing that you have to wonder if it's them incognito.  We have seen Rush, Heart, and Fleetwood Mac/Stevie Nicks here and all were great.  Rush was probably the best with Fleetwood Mac coming in a close second.  The food is good as well.  We usually do a pre-fix at $30, includes salad, steak, and desert. Oh and totally well decorated and well appointed.  Classy without being snooty.
4	My first time at Skye last night.  I was both impressed and  disappointed.  This review is intended to advise the potential "next customer" and advise the ownership that some attention is needed.First the disappointment:  The audio set-up and volume control, or its attention, is abysmal.  It was so LOUD and blaring (both pre-show and during the show) from huge elevated top-front speakers that you cannot talk with any comfort to either your table cohorts nor the servers.   Headache city!   Likewise, the overpowered mic/speakers caused the comedians to be shouting at the audience rather than delivering the good comedy of which they were clearly capable.    Unfair to both the entertainer and customer; all, for no reason.The good: everything else!  Easy to reach location and parking.  Super facility, cleanliness, congeniality, service.  The show prices are very fair.  The food and drinks are expensive but excellent!Go to SKYE, just don't sit anywhere in the front half of the show lounge.  Maybe this way the ownership will get the volume problem message.
5	It is pricey, but worth it.  I am a steak eater.  The 16 oz. New York strip with a ton of pepper is the best I've had.  It is cooked as you ordered it. The wait staff is excellent.
3	I've been here a few times and this is a really tough one to review. Let's start with the bad. The live music is always pretty cheesy. And they charge extra like it's some famous bad or something, when really it's a tribute/cover band. And not just $5 (in which case I could handle). They charge a min. of $20. Really? The sound system is of poor quality and the bands are corny. Whatever!Now onto the food. They food here is actually really good. The last time I was there I ordered from the fixed 3-course menu and all 3 courses were above what I expected. But it was way overpriced for what you get. Maybe avoid the fixed menu to save a few bucks. Lastly, and the best part... The drinks! Once again, very expensive. But well worth it. I ordered a Cosmo which can out smoking with dried ice which was super groovy. And had wonderful flavor too. And the best part, got a nice buzz from it. Overall I would probably go there again just for dinner and drinks, no lame, overpriced show. And avoid the fixed menu so my wallet doesn't have a heart attack!
2	Quite disappointing for an 'upscale' restaurant.  Entree price range is around 25-50 dollar range.  Being that the meals are pricey, you expect the service and atmosphere to justify that.  They charge $3 for valet, and they don't have the front staff open the door when you arrive.  They didn't know where to seat us and left us standing in the middle of the dining room while they went back to the front desk to figure it out. Not something you'd really get ticked about at a Claim Jumper but if you're going to bill yourself as upscale, get your service right. Our waiter screwed up my order and tried to blame me for his lack of knowing his menu.  I ordered seared ahi tuna (exactly what it says on the menu) and he brought out the ahi tuna a la diablito.  He tried to say that the tuna is seared.. and then said "I'll see what the chef can do."  Hopefully the chef taught him how to listen, get orders correct, and to think before opening his mouth.Food around the table,-  Wedge salad - Good but obviously not a complicated thing to prepare.-  Seared ahi tuna - It was bland, overcooked (how you overcook a sear is puzzling).  Not high quality and poor presentation.  -  Surf & Turf - Lobster was good.  However, go to your local grocer, pick up a cheap cut of meat, marinade it... save 52 dollars.  I probably could have scored a better steak at an IHOP.  As an upscale restaurant, I'm surprised they aren't a little embarrassed to serve such a low quality piece of meat.  It was also under seasoned.-  Ahi tuna a la diablito - High quality sushi that was pretty good.  Small portion though, and the orzo wasn't that good.  -  Had a couple of desserts and they were both good.I'm not normally a picky person when it comes to service, but when you're paying 30-50 for a plate of food, I expect the restaurant to get the service right, and make it an experience for the guest.  There really isn't one thing on the menu that makes you say, "I can only go to Skye for that".  Surprisingly their drinks are pretty affordable.  Overall, stick to Scottsdale if you want a true 'upscale' experience.  In the world of upscale restaurants, this is the weird cousin that nobody talks to.
5	We have never been to a show here before but we went last night for dinner and to enjoy the Rod Stewart show followed by the Rolling Stones! Rod was good and the Stones were awesome! The food was better than expected & food prices were reasonable. All seats are good seats at this place! Will be coming back for sure!!!
3	Did you know that SKYE is open for lunch (Mon-Sat)Did you know they have a Yelp certificate $15 buys you $30The lunch menu is mostly salads , burgers and a few sandwiches that are served quickly because it is considered a business lunch .I ordered a medium rare bun-less burger topped with fried egg fresh sauteed spinach and it came with a side of fresh cut fruit . My burger and fried egg came out WELL Done , but the burger was juicy  so this was fine with me . This meal was seasoned nicely and the fruit was fresh cut and someone took the time to supreme the orange segments . The SKYE interpretation of the Cubano Sandwich is not for everyone .The Cubano came on  a very soft roll instead of the baguette that was listed on the menu , and the filling was an extremely mild pulled pork in an almost mustard creamy Swiss cheesy sauce also extremely mild with flavor . ( so it was a saucy substance on the Squishy bread) served with steak fries .My husband said , "this is squish on Squish" but he did try some of my burger and said it was good and he would eat a burger from here .The server we had was very attentive and asked if I would like bread in case I wanted it .Worth a try (but you have been warned about the Cubano)
4	1st time going to this show club. We just had a coke & dessert before the show ABBA. Dessert was very good - ABBA Tribute band was awesome, we had a really good time & really enjoyed the show. My only complain was I didn't know there was a two item per person minimum each person had to order to eat in the Platinum Room on the main floor to watch the show. That was not good to find out until we actually got there - but other than that we really enjoyed the evening & will definitely go back another night.
4	I love Skye.  I was turned on to this place in June of this year, and I go on a regular basis now.  So the deal is you have to buy tickets, and 2 menu items for each patron.  Some menu items are expensive while others are not priced too bad.  If you plan it right you can have a cocktail, and share a few appetizers and get out for $30 for two.  The food is good, not awesome, just good.  Most of the acts are really good.  I've been to a few that were unimpressive, but overall I have been very pleased.  So if you are looking for something different compared to the dinner and movie thing I say head over to Skye.  The owners are terrific too.  You can really tell the people that own and work there really care about their image.  My only complaint is the valet parking.  They block off too many spaces, and honestly the place isn't that big/fancy to justify that much (if any) valet parking.
2	This is so hard. The platinum room is a great venue for music. This was my second time at the club and it left me unimpressed. We went with the intention to eat there. I was reminded why I usuallly stay away from seafood in a venue such as this. The band was great, Cold shott and the huricane horns  played well. two 15 minute breaks in 2 hours is a bit much. From the beginning of the night the waitress seemed REALLY busy, empty glasses were common. We saw the water/busboy more than our waittress At the end of the niight I had to flag another waitress to get the bill from our waitress.The food was not $20 a plate value. We had the coconut shrimp for an appetizer, for dinner I had the salmon and my husband had the sirloin sliders. I give one thing to the kitchen, they are consistent. All was overcooked and dry. And it seems that thier main entrees do not come with sides, you have to order the $6 pilaf and a veggie on the side (in addition to the entree). I have seen this before in upscale restaurants. They usually include some parsley or something on the plate. Not Skye. This was another fail for the waitress, she did not que the sides at all. she simply took the order. It would have been fine if she offered, "would you like any sides with that?"we waited for 45 minutes at least for the food after ordering. The club was not busy! I cant help but wonder ifthe food w s done more timely and then spent another considerable amount of time under the warming lights. That would explain the dryness.Come on guys, I know we are in tough times and business is not up to par, but try at least! And fire the chef,
4	My boyfriend and I enjoyed the rotating stage and entertainment while dining. The staff were professional and their service and food was outstanding. Over all a great experience and it's definitely worth the drive - especially during special occasions.
3	Its an OK restaurant, the seafood is much better than the steak, but not much to really talk about. They use dry ice in their drinks but the effect only lasts like 5 minutes. Overpriced, VERY empty when we went there, and I dont think we'll be back.
3	Overprice, but FunThe drinks & food are way overpriced and if you already paid for show tickets, it really adds up. But, if you were comped or won tickets to a show, it's worth it because they usually have first-rate entertainment. The kids menu is generously portioned, the appetizers are super yummy (get the asparagus!) and the martinis strong. Just be sure to bring your credit card cuz you'll need it!
1	So, i went to see Javier Colon in concert on Tuesday night....which i had been waiting for an opportunity to see him perform live since 2004, so i was stoked about going. I ordered the tickets, which were front row btw, at a decent price for seats reserved...not bad for $38 per ticket i thought. I waited a week and a half for my tickets to make their journey through the mail, but still nothing, even on the day of the concert, nada! I called and was told they would be there at will call for me, so i show up after struggling to find a sitter for my daughter and the long drive from Queen Creek, only to just be escorted to our seats, no ticket stub for a keepsake or anything(AWESOME #1....not). We get to our table and not only are the seats i reserved not empty, but apparently they thought i'd be cool with letting someone else sit in one of our reserved seats and myself or my wife just slide over one. Well, that would have been cool if i wanted my head right next to a PA system, and to krank my neck up like i was talking to Shaq for 3 hours, but not only do i like my hearing, but i also have a bulging disc in my neck....(AWESOME #2!). When we were seated, it took roughly 15 minutes before a server came to speak with us even to ask us if we wanted a drink or menus...sure why not....my wife and i decide that we will each get one item, i was gonna get a beverage and she was getting a desert, since we had just eaten dinner while on the way to the show. About 10 minutes later, a different server approached us, we gave our order...only to be told that we must both order 2 items minimum, otherwise it will be an additional $10 per person(Awesome #3) I'm pretty sure i paid for my concert ticket, not a food plate...thanks though, not so much!We finally just got fed up so that we told the server we were not going to order any item, only to be told, rudely i might add, that it states such on the ticket stub(which once again we hadn't received). Obviously not an issue i could help them with, especially seeing as how their was barely even walking room for anyone over 95 lbs. Crowded is a good thing for a concert, but do you really want the assortment of food smells and liquors mixed with the other customers bad breath as the scent of a date night. (That's #4!)After the show was over, right as we were in the process of getting up from our seats to make our way to the door, our original server approaches us, immediately apologizing for the other servers actions and tone. We stated it was fine but we will definitely never be going back. For being nice, so to speak...i'd rather stick to real venues...that actually are about service, not dollars...one thing i have learned in my life...treat people right, be treated right....No TIP FOR YOU!.
3	Awesome venue and great food. I'm a fan and will be back
4	Just got back from a Great experience at Skye.  We saw a Fleetwood Mac/ Stevie Nicks tribute band here.  They were good, venue was comfy, with a good sound system.  The burger I had was $12 and one of the best I've had in quite a while.  I look forward to going back!  I enjoyed it enough to give it 4 stars but held back because$38 for a ribeye is just too much!  This is a concert venue not Mortens...
3	Luckily, we had a gift certificate for dinner here (it was in December 2011, but never got around to writing a review). Total for two of us was $88, which included a couple of beers and a glass of wine. The Riesling was amazing!!  Started out with the calamari appetizer, which was light, crispy, and yummy. Dipping sauces complimented it quite well. For the main course, I had the salmon piccata, which was decent, but nothing amazing ($18). I'm not a huge fan of prime rib, but my friend ordered it and said it was fantastic ($28). None of the main courses come with sides, so you order them family style. We got the mashed potatoes, which were also good. Didn't get to see any of the entertainment, as we went prior to a hockey game. Ambiance was fancy, but there were people in jeans to business attire. Won't be going back for a few reasons...A) it's closed! B) the pricing doesn't warrant frequent visits and C) it's pretty far from home.
4	A bit pricey, but delicious food, yummy martinis, and excellent attentive waitstaff.
