5	Honestly, I went to this church after reading Raymond B.'s review.  I thought to myself-- could this be the church that I have been looking for since I moved to Vegas?  The answer is unequivocally YES!  I called home to tell my mom that I had finally found a church... for people who don't like church.  Her immediate response was, "That sounds like you, so I take it that you loved it."  I did.  As mentioned before, I'm not sure that this is the perfect church for everyone.  It's fairly dark and has more of a concert type feel to The Venue that a conventional church, yet it's still very Bible-based.  The music is loud and rocks!  It's definitely for the young or young at heart.  I felt very accepted for who I am (a black surfer chick from SoCal that loves rock and is very quiet), where I am (adjusting to living on my own in a city hours from home), and not judged in the least... I was told an elder in a church years ago that every family has a good kid and a bad kid.  Guess which category I fell into?  So it was great to hear that this church was for people like me who aren't perfect.  The people are real and not pretentious or "holier than thou"... which is refreshing.I feel like I finally found a place that I can be me-- with all of my quirks and idiosyncrasies... and still Christian but "not in a boring, let me shove God down your throat, and judge you if you don't like" it kind of way.   This reminds me how great really is to go to church.
5	Another thanks to Raymond (who we saw this morning btw!) for posting the new review of Verve. We wanted to try something a little different for Easter and we were hoping to get inspired. We were more than pleased.Pros:*Wear what you feel comfortable in*Great pastor - his message today really spoke to me*Fun multimedia keeps you engaged*Awesome musicians that play fun rock music*Separate kids services - no crying kids in church*No pressure ! I didn't feel pressured to join, donate, anything - which is rare in the church world. Overall I recommend anyone that doesn't like church but is curious about God/religion/Christianity to give it a shot. I promise you won't feel uncomfortable !
5	This is the church where all the cool people go! I knew there had to be one some where. My family has been attendending Verve for a while now and it is totaly awsome, so if you are ready to come to a church where you can feel totaly free, not be judged by anyone, and rock out with some total cool people you need to get down there on a Sunday morning or Monday night.
5	Verve Vegas is our church home, and has been for about a year. Verve is an incredible church- very casual atmosphere, and come as you are attitude. You will never feel singled out- or as though you dont belong. Verve is a community and an extension of our family.They have Sunday morning services as well as a services on Monday evenings- for those that work on weekends. There is an active and fun Childreen's ministry for your little ones on Sunday mornings. The music is modern, and more on the side of rock- definitely appealing to a "hipper & younger" crowd. Best of all reipped jeans, a tank top and flip flops are completely acceptable!Come check it out- you'll be glad you did. And come say hi- I am in the nursery on Sunday mornings, and setting up the coffee bar on Monday nights. I would love to know that you were there!
5	Awesome
5	I just started going to Verve a few months ago and I can say it is the best church I have ever been to. It's full of great people and pretty much everything is great there, you definitely do not feel out of place. I grew up Catholic, hardly ever went to church and when i did it was boring. I never thought going into Verve that I would become a believer of GOD, but I have learned that I am God's child and I want a relationship with him. Vince is great and I love the messages he sends. If you are looking for a church, Verve is definitely the place to go.
5	This is my church.  I've been coming to this church that is a church for people who don't like church for the last 2 years.  My wife and I were always looking for something more since moving to Las Vegas.  We knew we wanted to go find a church but were turned off by the so called "hip" mega church in town.  I was raised Catholic so that was out of question.  Especially since we needed to dress up.  We found a flyer on our door and it had some funny jokes on it.  When we walked into the lobby it certainly did not look like a church.  We took our seats and the band was playing Smashing Pumpkins.  I thought to my self this is a cool church.  Since then we have both became very active with Verve.  You can see me playing the drums on stage or my wife greeting you at the door.  We love this place.  When we first starting going, we were going to be the couple that just went and left.  Now we can't stop talking about our church.  It's funny we always start with "It's not what you think."  If you have been thinking that you want to find a cool and accepting church then come check us out.  It doesn't matter where you are at in your faith.  There are plenty of people that you can talk too.  You will find a great group of great people!  Cheers!Services are on Sunday at 10:05 and 11:35; Don't worry if you work weekends because there is a service on Monday night at 7:05.  If you see me come say hi!
5	There tag line here is 100% true. Church for people who don't like church! I have been attending Verve for about 2 years now and could not find a better place to call my church home. The music rocks, the sermon hits home, and the people will not and do not judge you. You can show up in sandals and a tee shirt and learn about God with out being pushed to be a follower of Christ. This is the place to go if you are just searching for something different in your life or contemplating the whole God thing. They have hilarious skits and videos that push the limits and make you wonder. Am I in church right now!
5	I've read and love these great reviews of this church/mission that I call home.  I also read a couple of poor ones on google that I couldn't believe, so I thought I'd share my perspective.  I was blessed to be a part of the early launch team for Verve over 3 years ago and it was purely a God-thing that I even met Pastor Rob (who's moved on now) and lead Pastor Vince.  I can tell you that everything about Verve starts with the bible.  Period.  From there we threw out everything that is traditional American "church" and started over.  We celebrate with music, but Jesus never said you can only sing "Christian" songs.  in fact, the "religiosity" and graceless piety of the religious elite were things Jesus detested.  So some of our music is cover tunes... and I LOVE it!  We are careful about not singing blatantly sinful lyrics.  But when so many churches get so caught up in appearances that they become the "lyric police" they alienate "regular" people, they certainly alienate me.  My becoming a Christian was delayed for a long time because while I found profound truth in Christ, I saw the hypocrisy of so many churches, and I thought if I did accept Christ I would have to sing "Christian" music, and quite a lot of it sucks.  At Verve we also do comedy, usually well.  The whole idea behind comedy and secular music in the lobby is to un-cross arms, to open people's minds, particularly the skeptics and cynics, to the possibility that Jesus Christ is real.  We want those who are really, REALLY far from God, either because they've been burned by "religion" in the past, or they just never had any experience or thought about God.  We want show those who've lived lives and done things for which unfortunately many churches would shun them, to know how much God loves them, exactly as they are, and for ANYONE to have safe place to explore that possibility, and ultimately to share that amazing GRACE.  We feel like everyone needs to experience the all-accepting, boundless, love that God has for each of us.  So we do things differently than most churches in America.  However, I can tell you there are many, many people who've come to know God's love here at Verve who've told us they'd never even consider a traditional church or even a regular non-denominational church.  I have found in Verve a place where we serve the community in a real way.  We always lead with love... just serve and not require anything in return.  Not only do we not ask for money, we ask that visitors NOT to give money.  We strive to be:  Grace wholesalers, Guerilla lovers.  We're about loving God, loving people, and turning the world upside down.  I realize I've spoken somewhat as a representative of Verve but to be clear, I am just a member, someone who's passionate about our church and mission, and who's lived this for three years.  So don't take my for it, give us a try.
4	I really like attending church here while I am in Vegas. The music, media an sermons make this a nice and enjoyable place to enjoy God's company without all the hassle, rules and rituals that go along with a more traditional church. The one thing I am not a fan of seems to be the unapproachableness in the way the church is set up. When you walk in the door the is this stand there with people on the other side that are supposed to be greeting. This does not always happen as well I think the stand acts as a barrier between us and them. If I were Verve I would do away with the stand and have my people greeting at the door. Much more inviting. Overall though this church is awesome and is the only place I go in Vegas will I am here on my work trips. Proud to call it my Vegas church home.
5	Church for people who do not like Church......... I'm there!!!  Never been one for organized religion, but neither is Verve..... No pressure..... No dress code...... A true come as you are! No passing the basket and shaming you into giving even when it's your last dollar. If you have felt outcast, unworthy, unaccepted, unloved..... Verve is an upbeat place where  you are not constantly told if you eat a burger on friday your going to Hell!!! Do you have tattoos? Do you feel that you only have a wholy tee and faded jeans. Thats just the type of garb that is the most prevelant with the inhouse Ververs. Give it an hour.... It just may be what you have been looking for .....Oh and there's COFFEE!!!
5	verve is a great place to go, i initially came at the invite of a coworker and have been going for weeks now and they 1. have great music, they usually open with a pop song then do christian rock, the music is great. 2. you don't have to dress up. 3. every service they tell you not to give money unless you have joined the church, you will feel guilty about that though because the music is so good and it's so much fun you will feel like you should be donating for that if nothing else. 4. they bill themselves as a church for people who dont like church, and it's true, verve is about bringing people to god not about formalities and being holier than thou or pretentious. 5. the pastor vince is really good, he explains how things in the bible can help you in your life and how to live as a christian in your everyday life. 6. you will never be singled out, they do their service and leave you alone, they encourage you to go to their verve u classes and to become more involved during the service but they leave it up to you to decide you are never singled out or pressured personally.  i really encourage any christians or non-christians  who want to explore christianity to check out this church! i am not a christian and never have been and never thought i would even ever goto church, but having gone to verve for a few months now i find myself rethinking things.
