5	For the last 20 years, PS&VC has taken care of our pets.  And "care" doesn't BEGIN to express the affection and concern Dr. Wiles and his team has devoted to our dogs.  PS&VC has done wonders in helping keep our loved ones healthy and they've lived much longer -- and been happier -- than we ever expected.  And when the time came to say goodbye, the Dr. Wiles and his staff could not have been more sensitive to the emotion of the moment.   Can you tell that we love this place?
5	I have been trusting Dr Wiles and his staff for over 25 years to take care of my cats. They took great care of my first cat, who lived a long and healthy life. And they were very compassionate when he was suffering from age related ailments. When I adopted a kitten there was no question as to where she would go for her care. I would highly recommend Pittsburgh Spay and Vaccination Clinic.
1	I have been taking my 5 animals here for  years. Recently I took all 4 at once to be seen for their check ups due to recently taking in a stray and wanted her to get a whole check over spent over 575.00 on them and unfortunately a month and a half later my stay/new member of the family, which my two year old is inseparable with was found with blood on her neck with a hole. After researching I found out she had warble/botfly hole in her neck. I called in and explained my situation explaining there isnt anything in it but she needs antibiotics asap. And of course I dont get paid until friday I asked if I could either get on a payment plan or just buy antibiotics until she can be seen friday. I was spoken to like I was a bother and didnt wanna hear anything I had to say and asked me "so since you cant be seen today there isnt nothing we can do we cant give any antibiotics if not seen. We can schedule you one for friday." I told her I have 70$ to buy antibiotics but dont think thats enough to be seen and meds and feel like it cant wait til friday. And her response was "yeah no". Never experienced anything this rude ever. Expecially while trying hold back tears. No sympathy they just want their money. Never again.
5	They are friendly and helpful here, offering information on low-income spay and neuter programs to those who need them. My dog is in good hands when she's there, and I can trust the staff. We'll be back, for sure.
5	I took my Rotty here to get Spayed about 2 years ago.  They were very friendly and professional.  The facility was very clean and organized.  They kept her overnight for recovery and I was worried about how she (my rott) was going to handle it.  When i went to pick her up the next day it was like she didn't want to leave.  Before I left everyone came out to say bye to her, it was really nice and made me feel like they really cared.  Which they do!  We live a good 45 minute drive from there and there are several Vets closer that I could take my dog to for check ups, shot, and any other medical related care.  Ever since the experience we had with her spaying, we have made this place our go to.  The comfort I have in their ability to care for my dog I would drive over an hour for.  I Highly recommend the Pittsburgh Spay & Vaccination Clinic, and I refer all my friends and family to go there as well!Thank you,Extremely Satisfied Customer
5	Great experience. Nice techs in the waiting area and Dr. Wiles was very friendly, thorough and knowledgeable with my rabbit. He recommended no treatment for what I came for and said if the symptoms would come back, I could just call and pick up some meds. This is my new vet!
5	I've taken my dog to this veterinary to have some teeth pulled. The estimate the gave me was higher than what they actually charged me and so I've been taking him there ever since. The office is clean and the workers are very friendly. But I have to be honest, Dr. Wiles is my favorite. Unfortunately I can't get him every time because of schedules times and my work hours. The other doctors are good, but Dr. Wiles has a way to handle my dog like I've never seen before. He seems to be able to tame my dog, as he shows a great deal of anxiety every time we take him to the vet.
5	I drive across town to see Dr. Wiles -- he and his staff make the trip worthwhile. They are thorough and compassionate. I have to give a special shout out to Jean, one of the technicians, who observed startling weight loss in my cat. They made time for an exploratory surgery -- no advance appointment. That responsiveness and thoughtfulness meant a lot to me. I feel I'm treated like a friend in this office -- not just a client. And that, in addition to Dr. Wiles' obvious expertise, makes me feel confident that my dear animal companions are in good hands here. Even my old dog came through a dental cleaning (six teeth pulled) beautifully, and I can see that he's much more comfortable now that the procedure has been done. And in addition to all this, the charges at Pittsburgh Spay & Vaccination Clinic are quite reasonable. I'll keep driving across town for this superior care. A big thank you to everyone at Pittsburgh Spay & Vaccination.
5	Dr Wiles and his front desk and tech staff are top notch. I have a Cavachon who gets frequent bladder stones and we leave a urine sample every 3 months or so and they process it and call us to let us know the results. They are very easy to work with and Dr Wiles is so compassionate about your animal, makes you think you have the only dog in the world when he is talking to you. Makes you feel special and helps with any question you may have. Love it there! Will not see anyone else for her and her condition. We also come all the way from Apollo.
1	I'm very disappointed, to say the least.On Monday I called at 3:30 in the afternoon, after my dog ate who knows what, was gagging for a while - a reflex he suffers once it starts - I thought I'd call instead of just brining him in. I've taken my dog here before for everything, so during my phone call the receptionist wouldn't take us in, saying they were booked, to call another vet.How can I get my dog a same day appt with a new vet? Impossible. I called an office she suggested but of course, they didn't take us in either commenting "Why won't they squeeze you in since you're an existing patient?". My other option was to take him to a 24 hour emergency vet, for a no-so-emergency situation. What a dismay.
