5	This is by far my favorite Starbucks store.  What separate this place from the others?  CUSTOMER SERVICE!  I have been here twice this week to do some studying and the barista's greet each customers that walks in to the store with a huge "hello/hi".  Another thing, they remember their regular customers by name and their favorite drinks.  Even at their busiest time when a line is forming, their regulars would already have their drink ready by the time they reach the cashier.  They do it all without missing a beat!  We all know Starbucks isn't the best when it comes to coffee, but this Starbucks knows how to make a person feel like he/she is drinking the best coffee ever.  Very impressive indeed!P.S.  I don't really like to study at Starbucks or any coffee shops for that matter because it's usually very LOUD, but this place isn't as loud as the others.
4	Good attitudes, super fast drink service.  Normal prices.
3	This Starbucks is just ok. I'm spoiled by ones with drive-thrus so having to get my lazy butt off the car to order a beverage isn't my favorite, but it's conveniently located and it does the trick when you're in need of a serious caffeine fix like we were on our most recent visit. Service was relatively quick and it was pretty standard fare as far as Starbucks go.Overall A-Ok.
4	Friendly staff, close to the gym and my work. All of that meets the criteria for Starbucks, but the coffee is not as good as the local shops around Vegas. The store is small and does not offer much space to lounge when it gets busy. Most of the people that come in look like they are in the midst of a jammed pack day anyways. I tend to have large gaps in my day, so comfort is highly important.
2	Not as busy as I thought it would be 8am-10am as far as the sit ins.  It's quite spacey, I really like the layout plus they have several patio tables under shade and Einstein Bagels next door.  The staff were cool, the girl at the register took my order and asked for my name and kudos to her for actually writing my name correctly which never happens BUT when it was ready the other girl just yelled  out the order once and I wasn't sure if it was mine until it was all alone at the pick up counter waiting to be last picked for  a PE team :(.  I found a table to sit at but it wasn't wiped down SO I did it myself, one of my pet peeves at any restaurant/cafe which I didn't mind at first.  I then went to the restroom after an hour and they were out of toilet seat covers!  It breaks my heart  when that happens so I improvised  haha.  There were a total of 5 people behind the counter, not one I saw come out to wipe down tables. Again, it wasn't as busy but had several walkin orders and they were out, it was nice BUT the little things do count like toiletries  and clean tables.  So -minus 2 stars for this location.Ok -minus 1 more star because 30min after using the restroom, a worker went to the restroom after I did and not yet have I seen anyone go to the ladies room (except for customers) and fill the seat covers and I guess she was on break because she was chilin for little bit like a customer.  Obviously she didn't let anyone know.  If you didn't know I like to people watch, it's a great stress reliever hahah.
4	Friendly staff, and very busy store.
3	I go to this starbucks every single morning because it is convenient on the way to work.  I struggle because I'm super lazy and just wished it had a drive thru however I can't rate it lower for that.  At first they seemed to know folks around me which I thought was frustrating because why don't you know who I am since I come in every morning at the same time.  Then one day I complained about my drink because it was so wrong.  I order the same thing every single morning.  Since then when three certain ladies are working they are outstanding just great.  Before I even get to the counter my drink is ready and they know my name.  I love them for them five stars.The reason it drops is because of mornings like today which I would say are few and far between but they are not.  I go in, I wait in a stupid long line.  I get to the front the lady says can I help you, I order my drink and she asks me what kind of milk I want.  Well I asked for skinny so I say the kind you get with skinny but I have never been asked that.  (sometimes they ask me how many pumps of syrup I want, how the heck am I suppose to know)Then I wait I finally get my drink and the guy says nothing so I say, well have a good day.  Then I take a sip.  I ask if the drink is right, he says yes, I know something is missing (like the syrup) he says he did it right, and I'm too exhausted to argue so I just leave.  Somedays the only thing I need is to just have my consistent starbucks coffee, that will make my day start right.  That is all I want.  If I didn't like consistency or service then I would go to coffee bean or brew my own...I like that I can count on starbucks, well sometimes that is.
5	Starbucks is always perfect for me when it comes to service and quality as I have never had a bad experience other than the one time at this location. I had ordered a venti sized white chocolate latte in which the cup was not filled, there was a gap from the top of the cup by a few inches. I understand the price as I am ok with that but at least fill my damn cup! I called this location and spoke with a Manager who informed me that I could stop back by for a replacement coffee and from now on I should inform when I order "filled to the top". Ok so now on I inform them whenever I order anything to fill it to the top and that has prevented this from happening again.Lately I have been craving the java chip frap, mmmm I love those chocolate coffee bits!Thank you Starbucks for all of the tasty caffeine indulgences you have provided me with! I will be back for more!
5	They always make my coffee rite, the workers really pay real attention on the order, great store! Also the sea salt chocolate is sooo good, can't stop eating them! ;)
2	I love this location but the inside was crowded and other customers bumped me as they walked by. I'm used to the Baristas asking for my name after I place an order and this time they didn't ask for my name and someone almost walked off with my drink. Oh~~ hell nah!
2	The coffee was great but the downfall was the limited pastries and things to eat. I've haven't seen it this low at any Starbucks location so I was pretty turned off.
1	Their new pastry line is gross! Now that Starbucks has decided to get all political on us with their anti-second amendment position, we are not going back.
4	I go to a lot of Starbucks but this one i have to comment on because of the customer service i received.I recently downloaded the Starbucks app. for their rewards program.  I went to a different Starbucks a week and a half ago went in and asked the guy at the counter exactly how it works as i was a little confused on the process.  He pretty much shrugged his shoulders at me.  He didnt ask anyone else if they knew nor did he apologize that he didnt.  So i went ahead and paid for my coffee with my cash not my reward app. so i didnt get a 'gold' star which after 5 or so drinks i would get a free one....Anyways, today i was out by a different Starbucks and went in and was greeted by Maria, who not only took the time to explain to me how everything works, she even walked me through the step by step on my phone, and even showed me a lot of stuff i had no clue the program offered.  It took five min. and now im an old pro lol.....i appreciate more then anything when an employee knows about all aspects of their job.  She was sweet and kind and it was a great experience.Oh and my venti pumpkin spice frapp. was AMAZING also !!!Thanks again Maria !!!
1	stopped by here because i didnt have time to make it to my regular shop.. the cashier bella was not friendly.. when my drink was ready she sat it at the pick up station where i had to REACH to get it then she walked away..chinatown is the best gor friendly staff.. my green tea is alright.. wont return or recommend to anyone
2	Been to many locations and this is NOT MY FAVORITE.  Something about this place, the ambiance sucks.  I live close to this one but I avoid this one as much as possible.  I'm from Cali but live in Vegas now.  I purchased a bag of coffee, had them grind it but the lady handed it to me without a bag.  Did we forget coffee particles/grinds falling out during a drive?  It was all over my car seat & the smell wasn't easy to get rid of.  Didn't like the service. .
4	Good atmosphere. Clean and not too crowded. Only complaint would be the bathroom (womens) had no seat covers except for a couple folded ones on top of the baby changing station. ...mmm ill just use tp
3	I totally agree with some of the reviews on here.  There is something about this spot that just sucks.  Maybe all those people hanging outside and inside of this Starbucks.  They give you the dirty stare with you go in and out.  This is close to the strip, which is awesome but..definitely can't get over the uncomfortable feeling of being at this location.  They made my drink correctly, so that's 3 stars for them!
4	The Baristas here always gets it right! Eventhough the location is weird and no drive thru, we love coming here cause the drinks are made correctly! Drinks taste perfect! We love this location and the Barristas are quick!
