2	I stayed at the Hyatt for a week in April 06, and I have to say it was a mostly negative experience.The good:1) Location. You are above a mall/underground walkways that can take you to the conference center, and many other locations. You can easily walk to old Montreal. There's a grocery store and food court in the mall that's right downstairs (well, two elevators away!)2) Water pressure. You can't see yourself in the dark washroom, but the hot water has lots of pressure.3) Soaps (when you get them) are not bad quality - not the best, but certainly usable.The bad:1) Housekeeping. They don't refill empty shampoo, conditioner, etc etc. I am staying here a week, and went a couple days without roomservice, and only took down the "do not disturb" sign when I needed refills, as I'm in and out of the room for a conference. So I'm completely out of shampoo and the bottles are left empty in an obvious place - and they don't refill anything. I had to call for refills. They also don't replace toilet rolls, or the tea/coffee in your room. As I'm paying $200 per night, bit annoyed not having tea/coffee in the morning... I phoned and an hour later someone arrived with some items.Also, the fitted sheet issue others mention here -- so true. I cannot believe that they use a flat sheet on the beds. Woken up every morning on a bare mattress - ew.Other things were tidied up at least.2) Room Service. Costly room service menu, limited hours. I guess I'm used to the Hilton that's open really late (the only reason I order room service is when I need to eat odd hours due to conventions!). But the price - huge price tag on the food, and then they tack on $3 service fee and taxes on top.Also, service was LATE both times -- they said they would bring my food at a certain time and were late by at least 10 minutes each time. (Not bad, but when you're on a schedule for meetings, it can throw things off.)ALSO - they advertise "freshly squeezed orange juice" on the menu (at $5), which is worse than Tropicana. It's seriously generic-brand concentrate grade. Stay away, or set your expectations low.Other than that, the people who brought the food were friendly.3) Elevators. They were out of service at times, which meant long waits. Oddly laid out too - a separate elevator takes you up from street level to the lobby. A different elevator takes you up to the rooms. A third elevator takes you down to the mall.More inconvienent is that the stairs seem to be for emergencies only. I am on the first floor above the lobby - so I've had to take the elevator just to go down a single floor (before getting on a second eleavator to go anywhere else). Very annoying.4) Bathrooms - The lighting. Not bad if you're there for a night - but a whole week it gets on your nerves. One small light over the mirror. Oddly placed so it's awkward to put your make-up on (awkward in that you get shadows all over your face and cannot see.) That's a minor inconvienience. It's the fact that it's completely dark everywhere else in the bathroom. I guess this helps hide any grime anywhere else...5) No full-length mirror, no safe, (and naturally, no fridge). No mirror is annoying on a business trip for sure. Attending a professional workshop and conference, you want to make sure you look presentable - but it's pretty difficult as there are no full legnth mirrors anywhere to be found (in the room or halls, etc). A safe is a big one for me though - for business I have all kinds of gadgets with me I want to lock up when not in the room all day. Every other hotel I've been in over the past few years has had in-room safes - not here.First time I've felt the need to search out a review site to vent. I can't see returning here ever (looks like some nice smaller hotels in old montreal - think I'd consider something like that next time), and don't think I'd go to another Hyatt without some research beforehand.
4	Very nice hotel, great location, crappy administration. We booked two rooms and upon arrival they could not locate the second reservation.  Before they found the reservation, they offered us one of their more expensive suites at list price of close to $400.  Gee thanks.  Oh, but they did give the 9 of us two drink tickets to hang out at the bar while they resolved the issue.  Again, so thoughtful.  To kill time while this perspired, they gave us the key to one room so we could drop off luggage and change to go to their indoor pool.  When we got there the maid was in the room and didn't speak any English nor us French, so we proceeded to change with her in the room.  She was very sweet, but it was nonetheless awkward! The pool was really nice and has a good view.On the way back from the bars that night, we also got stuck in the elevator for a few minutes.I don't mean to sound whiny, the hotel was really beautiful and great in many respects, but our welcome left a sour taste.  I would stay there again for sure, but would call to confirm the reservation ahead of time.  You may not get a free drink, but you will peace of mind.
4	Perfect hotel for a quick getaway. We booked our room on priceline for 100 bucks for 2 nights. The staff is extremely accommodating and super friendly. The building itself looks a bit old, but honestly, it is in the BEST location. You are connected to the "underground city" right off the Place-Des-Arts metro stop. It is a short walk to the major tourist attractions and you are basically connected to the museum of contemporary arts as well as all major theatres.They have nice, comfy beds too. Always a plus after walking home at 3am from the Village in shoes that look fierce, but are hurting your feet more than you let on.  The hotel also has a really cute bar and restaurant. However, prices are CRAZY steep! Seriously skip the hotel restaurants and hit up the food court in the mall under the hotel. Honestly, they have killer food for 6bucks. Please, its the college student in me. Always saving a buck!
1	it was bad all around. we requested a two bed room at reservation time but got a one bed room when we got there even though they had that request on file.then the next morning when I needed a meeting/business room first the receptionist said all rooms were under construction. when I insisted, the receptionist had to go check with manager?!the manager comes out and says rooms are all taken (not under construction anymore but taken) but she could give me another stay room for half rate to use for a one hour meeting! I declined and decided to use the lobby area for my business phone call (mind you it was a phone interview with a morning radio show!).She was now suspicious that I was not a hotel guest and really came in attack mode to not allow me use the lobby area. It wasn't until I told her that first thing I will do after I get off the phone is writing a horrible review for the hotel that she learned how to be polite and smile!Montreal is a beautiful city with great Hotels. Don't waste your time in this one.
4	I, too, got a pretty killer deal on this hotel from Priceline.  The hotel is located right in downtown Montreal down the street from Eaton Center, across the street from the modern art museum, and a few short blocks from the Vieux Port area.  The location is fairly central to everything, though I wish I'd stayed closer to the plateau (I was more interested in the restaurants, shops, etc. there)This hotel is totally passable.  The rooms are big enough, the bed was super comfy, and everything was very clean if slightly "worn" looking - they could definitely stand to repaint and refresh the rooms.  The hallways are badly in need of a lighting upgrade - they're very dark.  The pool is okay and there are wet and dry saunas, though no hot tub that I could locate.  The pool area shares a gorgeous deck that runs along the front of the the hotel with, oddly, the bar/lounge.  The deck gives a great view of Mount Royal and the activity on the street below.  Speaking of the bar, it was completely dead the Thursday-Saturday nights I stayed here.  I'd considered grabbing a drink here before bed, but it was too depressing.  The staff was fairly sub-par.  They were fine, but neither overly helpful nor enthusiastic.  The hotel also lacks a concierge, which I find really odd for a downtown hotel this size.One HUGE advantage of the Hyatt, that I'd never expected, is that is located as part of a shopping mall.  It was fantastic to be able to just run down to the food court for a quick snack rather than being saddled with standard hotel issue vending machines.  Even better, there's an IGA (supermarket) right in the building.  I was able to buy large bottles of water for far cheaper than the aforementioned vending machines and, best of all, a case of Kinder Eggs to smuggle back into the US.  Take THAT Consumer Product Safety Commission!All in all, I was pleased with this hotel.  I was terrified after reading these reviews, but the hotel was a pretty standard Hyatt that I was able to stay at for a good price.  If I returned to Montreal, I'd probably try to stay in another neighborhood, but I'd definitely recommend the Hyatt to anyone.
5	Located in a central location, close to many stores and restaurants. Valet parking available for a fee. Like the other yelper...I too got a great deal online.  I got my mine from Hotwire.  Hotwire doesn't let you see the hotel name until after you pay.  I was pleasantly surprised that I got a room at the Hyatt for the rate I did. This was a very nice hotel with a mall downstairs. My standard room felt more like a suite rather than a standard room.
3	Got a good priceline price, $100.  Nice hotel.  Would stay there again. One thing that seemed weird...the pool is only open from 10am to 6pm and closes for and additional 1/2 hour at 1:00.Loved the mall and it easy access to the underground.The neighborhood was good and bad.  The bad were the strip clubs and porn shops, the good was the other shopping and the Art Museum across the street.
3	Good choice hotel for a Montreal quick getaway. I booked  room on Priceline $90 bucks for 1 night.Good location in middle of everything. Shopping Mall with food court on lower level. Museum of Contemporary Arts right across the hotel but It's nothing to see there - waisting of time!Comfy beds. Good deep pool. Dirty in public washrooms.Overall:  OK
3	I recently stayed here with some friends.  The hotel's location was amazing -- if you happen to be in Montreal for any of its festivals, this is definitely the best hotel location wise.  The Just for Laughs festival was going on right outside the hotel, which made for a lively stay.  Fortunately, I didn't mind the commotion happening around the hotel, but if you're someone who's a light sleeper and prefer something quieter, you may want to find another hotel nearby.This seems like a slightly dated business hotel that has gone through some Hyatt renovations (new-ish beds, new LCD TVs), but the rooms themselves didn't seem anything special.  As others have noted, you have to take an elevator to reach the hotel lobby; though the hotel has another set of elevators which connects to the adjacent shopping center.  The check-in process seemed a bit slow since there were quite a number of people in line to check out.  The front desk did mention that room service was not offered around the clock.The service at the Regency Club is quite good; the concierge was quite helpful and spoke both English and French.  The food selection is not bad - they offer continental breakfast and light hors d'oeuvres.  There is also an honor bar that includes hard liquor, wine, and beer.Overall, the hotel is great for its location, so-so for its service.  If you can get a good price, it's not a bad option for a business-ish type hotel in the heart of Montreal.
3	I'm not overly picky with my hotels but the biggest pain in the ass with this particular location is their elevator system.  To get to the street level without going through the mall,  you have to take a second elevator to get down to the ground level. The Lobby is essentially on the 6th floor of the building.This wouldn't be a problem if the elevators moved at a decent speed, but seriously that one elevator only goes between the two floors and for some reason takes eons to do so.To make that worse at busy times such as check out time at noon and come to think of it, just through out the day the second set of elevators that go to your room take forever to come. Sometimes you'll be waiting for what feels like 15 solid minutes.Overall though the rooms are decent, nothing extravagant but certainly not in the dumps.The location is the main sell for this hotel as it is quite central and within walking distance of many of the things you might want to see and do.  The subway is just right around the corner and the mall / building you sit on top of has a grocery store you can grab some cheap alternatives to food/necessities.
1	No Concierge service, ridiculously slow front desk, no refrigerator in the room, no safety box in the room, extremely EXPENSIVE interenet.They charge for every thing! When I asked for a late check out they said it would cost half a night if I stayed an extra hour past 12pm checkout time.Also wondered why the spot for the fridge was empty so I asked for one, they charge $25 for a mini fridge!!!
2	I spent last night here.  I stayed here last fall and swore I'd never stay here again but it was only one night, it's close to my meeting today and I thought I'd give it another chance.  I won't be staying here again.  I usually stay at the Westin ... it's newer, nicer, the same price and there are extras they don't charge for.The good ...My room was nice and my bed was comfy.It's connected to the Complexe Desjardins shopping mall.Bianca, who checked me in, rocked!  She was extremely friendly and helpful.The bad ...You can't get anywhere in the hotel unless you take a slow slow elevator.  The reception is on the sixth floor.  Then you have to take another slow slow elevator to get your room.Anytime anyone left their room, my door rattled.The tub is old and small ... and the shower and taps are not centered (they are way over towards the edge of the wall).  I took a bath last night and the plug didn't work so I had to jam a face cloth in the drain to keep the water in.There is STILL construction on the street below my room ... and they aren't quiet about it first thing in the morning.The hotel is undergoing renovation which makes getting around it even more annoying.There is a $13 a day charge for Internet ... most hotels don't charge for WIFI anymore.You have to physically check out ... they don't slip the bill under the door like most hotels do.  So you have to get in line at reception so allow for time for that.
2	I have found better hyatt locations in other cities than this one. Service is pretty slow and room availability becomes an issue in summer. Booked my Room thru price line.com without realizing that they don't guarrantee the bed. Upon check in after a long wait, I was told that they only have room for me with a wall mounted sofa bed. Needless to say, not a good experience.
3	Great location, and they upgraded me to a king from a double. If you don't  get confused by the elevators you'll be fine.I got mine from Priceline, so the price was more reasonable than you'd see from them directly, but it's not like Priceline is a secret. I'll admit, I didn't take advantage of the hotel's facilities; I didn't use room service or the pool.  But they are all there.If you go here, you're right downtown.  You can hop on the metro and head wherever you'd like. I hope I stay here again sometime.
4	I booked my trip to Montreal at the last minute and I wasn't sure what route I wanted to take in terms of accomodations.  I was thinking one of the chic hotels in Vieux Montreal, but at the end of the day I knew I'd be out too much for the hotel to matter so I tried the "Name Your Price" option on Priceline.  The hotel I got was the Hyatt Regency in Montreal. I got the hotel at a great price.  I got it for less than half what it was advertised for.  Now at the advertised price I wouldn't recommend it at all as you can get a real designer hotel for less.  However at the Priceline price I would definitely recommend it.  The best thing about the hotel is the location.  It's located in the downtown area literally right next to Place des Arts.  The square is really nice during the day and amazing at night.  So you're literally a block from the Place des Arts Metro station and the green Metro line.  Better yet you're only a block from the 747 bus from the airport.  The of course you've got the Starbucks across the street.  I'm not a huge coffee person and I certainly prefer local cafes to Starbucks, but I frequented this Starbucks for bottled water and it was great to have across the street.  Oh, and it's right next to an Eggspectation which is supposed to be great for breakfast.The hotel looks a bit dated.  Think back in the day when Hyatt Regencys were the new hotel.  However despite the outward appearance, the lobby seemed newly remodeled.  Also the room seemed to have had a recent enough decorative face lift.  For me though what I liked was that the room and the bathroom were both really clean and the bed was comfortable.  In fact the room was cleaned every day and even one day well after the normal cleaning time as I had left the room late that day.  What was great about that was that I didn't have to call and ask for the room to be cleaned.  The best thing though was the service I received post stay.  I was lazy in packing when it was time to head home and I left a couple of shirts in the hotel room.  Well I called them up and within days they sent them to me.  I of course had to pay for them to be shipped, but I wholly expected the shirts to be lost. So at the end of the day I would definitely recommend this hotel if you're looking for a great location and a nice clean room at a good price (if you get it with Priceline).
3	First, let me say that I didn't pay for my hotel stay. I'm a Hyatt Rewards member and used a free night to 'pay' for my one night stay. When I looked online at prices, they were quite high (300-400/night) which I thought was ridiculous but we were also there during the week before the Grand Prix race. Here's the rundown:**Location, location, location - the hotel is right near the Place des Arts Metro station and really close to the bus line. We took the airport express bus and it dropped us off a block away. It's also connected to a large shopping center, which is quite convenient for shops and restaurants. It's about a 15-20 minute walk to Old Montreal and Notre Dame (you can take the metro instead for a quicker trip). There is a Starbucks literally caddy corner from the hotel and the Rue St Catherine (where you can find tons of shopping and restaurants) crosses the hotel as well. The Plaza accross from the hotel hosts many festivals and is super convenient if you are attending one.**Room - the room was nice, typical Hyatt, not anything overwhelmingly fabulous but nicely appointed, clean, flat screen tv, etc. The bathroom was a little small but it's not like we were planning to spend much time in the bathroom. Had a king size bed that was comfy and clean. Our view was of an empty parking lot accross the street and then some city skyline. We didn't really care since we weren't planning to hang out in the hotel much.**Hotel - there are massage services onsite (yay!) for a reasonable price as well as a pool and sauna. I didn't have time to use them but seriously considered it. ;o).  Room service is available but pricey, as room service usually is, and it's available until 11:30 PM. The WiFi wasn't free, which was the one thing that really irritated me. It was $12.95 for 24 hours, which isn't exorbitant, but for the price per room they charge, you'd think they'd throw in WiFi for free. The front desk staff was great, very helpful with suggestions on things to see, how to get to places, etc. They are all multilingual, which was awesome since my husband speaks no French and mine is limited to "Please give me 'X'; 'I would like to get off at bus stop 'X'"; and a few other phrases ;o). There was no concierge, which was a little odd, but the front desk staff subbed nicely. Several other reviewers have commmented on the elevator situation but honestly, I didn't find it to be a big deal at all. Essentially, you take an elevator from the ground floor to the lobby (the bell staff pointed out which elevator to take but we could have figured it out). Then from the lobby elevators, you walk accross the lobby (it's not that big so it's not as if it's a long walk) to the elevators that go to the rooms. That's all. Not a big deal so I'm not sure what people are whining about. Another person commented on the fact that they don't slip the bill under the door for 'auto' checkout, which is a little unusual but I actually found that with several Montreal hotels so maybe it's a Montreal thing. Checkout was easy though, there wasn't much of a line when I went and I wasn't in a hurry.All in all, we had a good experience here and I'd stay here again if we could find a good deal on pricing. I don't think it's worth 300-400/night (at least not for the standard room we were in) but defintely worth it if you can get a cheap deal and like the location.
3	There is a lot of street construction and hotel remodeling going on here, spring 2011, so very tough to give them any more than 3 stars.  The rooms are nice, the location is nice, but the detours, crazy elevator layout, and street construction keeps this from becoming a destination hotel.  But, I'm looking forward to returning in 2012 and updating my review.
4	A clean comfortable hotel with modern rooms including flat panel TVs and comfortable beds. I recently spent 2 nights here during a business trip to Montreal and stayed in a king room. The hotel is located just a couple of blocks from the conversion centre (Palais de Congress) and is connected to an large multilevel shopping I must admit I almost cancelled after reading a couple of the reviews on this site but am glad I didn't. The hotel was quite comfortable, modern and very clean. I was assigned a room on the 8th floor which was quite large and pretty quiet. Location-wise it was great. There is a large open area in front of the hotel which was the sight of a totally fun summer festival - the just for laughs festival - with tons of free, family friendly entertainment. In short, wouldn't hesitate to book this hotel again.
4	I'm not so positive that "Yay! I'm a fan." is how I am feeling about this hotel, but I feel that they should get some points for effort in fixing the "mistake"  that they made.To begin with, we booked through priceline, which should not make us "lesser" than other clientele.  After all, when you book through them you cannot back out once your offer is accepted.  If I cannot back out, the hotel should not be able to back out, which is what they did.  We stopped into the Hyatt on Thursday morning, and confirmed that we had a room there Monday night.  They found our booking and confirmed we had a king sized bed.  Yet when we showed up on Monday, after a long drive, we no longer had a room.  They booted us, and many other unhappy priceline customers.  Here is where I will split my experience into the good, and the bad.I'll start with the bad, as I'd like to finish on a high note in thanks to Margaret (I think her name was) who tried to make things right.The bad:  We were never contacted by price line, or the Hyatt about losing our room.  I overheard another desk clerk telling other bumped customers multiple stories about why they didn't have a room.  They put us in a hotel "whose regular price is comparable to what we paid", which is actually irrelevant.  They needed to put us in a hotel comparable to what we were buying, which was a night in a 4 star hotel.  The fact that we got a good deal on what we were buying is meaningless.The hotel (which I will review later) was not even close to being close to what the Hyatt is.   We were told he room would be the same, as far as having a king sized bed, a pool, etc.  This hotel didn't even HAVE king sized beds.  Nor a pool, for that matter.We lost two hours of our last night of our trip, trying to get this resolved.  Now the good:I don't think Margaret knew that the hotel they put us in was as... strange as it was.  When we got to the replacement hotel and called her, she authorized the hotel to charge her for a room upgrade.  I think she was genuinely surprised to hear that the hotel had no king sized beds, etc.She reimbursed our parking (which was a no brainer)She reimbursed us for dinner that night.  That was the big thing that makes me feel comfortable booking a night there again.  The hotel lobby looked amazing.. really, I think that was part of what made it so hard to go to the other hotel.  I can't review the rooms, or the hotel food, or anything else, but I will say that the lobby and bar looked like a place I wanted to spend time.  Overall, while the experience here was very upsetting in an otherwise amazing trip, I do feel that they tried to make it right, and that is almost as important as not having the mistake made at all.
3	I've stayed at the Hyatt a few times in the past (always booked on Hotwire.com for a lot less than the normal rate). The hotel isn't much to look at from the outside (typical 60's stark & practical concrete look of Montreal's downtown) but the rooms are very nice. The bathrooms are stocked with fluffy towels and nice bath products and the bed is really comfortable.If it was just for the room and the service at the front desk, this place would get a 4 or 4.5 star rating. But there were a few things that bothered me.1. Not sure who the genius was that decided to go with fabric curtains on the inside of the shower instead of plastic, but newsflash idiot, that cotton/silk blend ABSORBS water. What does that mean? It means that every time I take a shower, there's a giant puddle of water on the bathroom floor. Good thing there were plenty of extra towels every day to mop up the mess.2. The hotel is located in the Complex Desjardins and is above a mall so the lobby is actually located on the 6th floor. This means that from the street or garage, you have to take two sets of elevators to get to your room. Not so bad, but when the hotel is busy, you can wait a while for an elevator.3. I am constantly travelling for work or pleasure, which means lots of nights spent in hotels. One thing I've learned in my travels is that the higher the star rating, the nicer the bed/bedding and towels are but the more expensive WiFi costs. I've stayed at cheap rundown hotels that smelled like urine (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/days-inn-conference-center-york#hrid:pjiJL4H3qJIYBzwtcNrNOw) that had free WiFi. But the 4 star Hyatt Montreal charges $14/day for WiFi access. Really Hyatt? With the high cost for a room (standard room rate), you'd think you could include free WiFi.It's not all bad though. The hotel is located right on Ste Catherine next to the newly renovated festival district. It's right at Place des Arts and a few minutes walk to the old Port or the debauchery that is Ste Catherine street.In conclusion, use Hotwire.com to book a room in Montreal. You'll likely get the Hyatt for $85/night, which is worth it. Finaly note directed at hotels in general: Why do you supply fancy moisturizing cremes, which no one uses, but no toothpaste?
3	Stayed here for a week - the hotel has lots going for it, but also probably the worst Hyatt property I've stayed at.PROS: - Location - the location is pretty much ideal for a 1st timer to Montreal.  You're directly on Ste. Catherine shopping strip, within a 10-15 minute walk from Old Montreal, Chinatown and the nightlife on Ste. Laurent and Ste. Denis/Latin Quarter.  You're within a 5 minute walk of 3 subway lines as well and the airport bus drops you off a block away and the trains are within 10 minute walk.  On cold days, you are directly connected to the Underground City via the Complexe Desjardins.  The location is near ideal. - usual things you would except from a luxury hotel mega-chain like the Hyatt: damned comfortable beds, clean facilities, iHomes and pool/sauna/gym - the hotel bar had free pool tables and there were a lot of Air France stewardesses... wait no... *ahem* 'flight attendants' walking around - big plus for me.  Don't make me recite a verse from 'Girls, Girls, Girls' now...PRO-TIP:  During my stay, they had check-in special on FourSquare: check-in and WiFi is free for your stay.  However, there is a caveat that I'll include below.So... all in all... location is good and the hotel is clean.  That's all I care about.  If you find rooms within your budget, I won't hesitate to recommend this hotel to you.  You can stop reading now... but here are the rants:CONS: - usual things you would expect from a luxury hotel mega-chain like the Hyatt: $13/day WiFi (usually - unless you took advantage of the FourSquare deal) and no in-room refrigerator (for my room at least) - the hotel lobby is on the 3rd floor of Complexe Desjardins - you have to take an elevator up to the lobby and then another elevator to your room.  Slightly annoying and maddening if you're a smoker in a non-smoking room (they only have 10 smoking rooms in this hotel). - the ice machine on my floor (8th) was out-of-order during my entire stay so I had to go to the floor above or below to get ice.  Slight annoyance but hey, it's a quick way to make friends as your ride the elevator with an ice bucket.  But another guest told me the ice machine on the 4th floor was out of order as well - seriously, did you fuckers disable ice machines on alternating floors to save a few bucks?  I never remembered to check if the ice machines were out on the 6th and 10th as well. - most of the staff were nice and helpful - but some of them are straight-up pricks.  When I tried to redeem my free WiFi from FourSquare - the first three front desk people I spoke to had no idea what I was talking about, stonewalled me and never escalated this to someone that would know.  First guy was apologetic that he didn't know and asked me to check during business hours (understandable), second guy was just plain rude, and third guy tried to help until he saw the insider's room rate I was paying and then immediately stopped.  It finally took a 4th try before one of the front desk staff finally checked with a manager who then gave me the free WiFi.  Seriously - it's a promotion you are offering - why make it so difficult? - the WiFi management software was horrible - it repeatedly dropped connections on my laptop but was fine on our smartphones - I requested a room change mid-stay and they said they would put in a request - though they said chances were slim, I never received a follow-up.  Accountability please? - when calling front desk - I had someone pick up about 50% of the time - a showerhead was broken during the stay... (what's a rockstar to do without breaking something at the hotel, right?)... called front desk and they said they would send someone up right away.  I told them that I was on my way out but they were free to come in while I was gone.  I was asked to stay as someone would be there 'right away'.  I stayed in the room for 15 minutes and no one showed up.  I gave them another call and the front desk staff told me again - 'someone is going to be there *right away*'... I quite pointedly told them to fix the issue and that I'm leaving *now*.  Issue was fixed by the time I returned - but over 15 minutes is *not* 'right away'.Minor complaints but many of them and well below the level of service I've come to expect from Hyatt.  It's nice hotel and solid choice for business travellers and families.  But for younger people that can do without a spa/pool/ice machines, the Hotel l'Abri du Voyageur is a block away, cheaper and loaded with free non-buggy WiFi and a kitchenette.
3	Stayed here this past Sunday night. Pretty surprised this is rated as a 4* hotel. The lobby itself is very nice but the rooms itself were very very average. Nothing about the rooms stand out. I got a good rate on the deal through Priceline so I can't complain too much. Hotel is in a great location. Service was friendly.  I would stay here again I suppose, but only if I got a good deal again. Would never pay their full price. It's definitely not a bad place, but definitely not one of the best I'm sure.
5	This five star review is not in the context of having a nice, restful stay in a hotel... It's about  HAVING AN OFF THE HOOK, BANGIN' PARTY AT 5AM!!I was recently at a music fest in Montreal and it was a few days into the festival when I was here. It was about 2:30am after Saturday night's show, the rowdiest one yet, when a friend of mine texted me and one of my hotel roommates an invite to the party. We were a bit dubious about the whole thing- fancy hotel, nearly 3am, and could we get past reception?- but we were only two blocks away and my roomie's bf was there, so off we went!We were still in our clothes from the show and pretty much looked like drunken, glittery, fancy gothic strippers, so we figured we probably wouldn't even get past the front desk, but nope, no gate keeper was to be seen! Our cheap little hotel a few blocks down had someone at the front desk 24/7, but apparently not the Hyatt! Take note party-goers: That's pretty awesome!! Take note hotel patrons: You might not be too stoked on that.We hopped on the elevator, amazed at our luck, and took the elevator up to the floor the party was at. We had to use our key cards to operate the elevator at our hotel, but i guess anybody can hop onto the elevator at the Hyatt and go wherever they like! As soon as the elevator doors opened we could hear the loud buzz of many people talking. We figured the room must be right around the corner because of the volume, but nope... We walked down many a hallway and took many a turn before arriving at the suite the party was in! All the musicians and out of towners were being put up at the Hyatt, and the hotel must have sensibly booked them all at the same floor and made sure no one else was staying nearby. If they were really smart they probably made sure there was a buffer of empty rooms on the floors above and beneath them as well. I am AMAZED no one had complained. Take note party-goers: You CAN start an impromptu sing along to cheesy 80s love songs!!To accommodate all the people at the party in the tiny little room someone had tipped one of the beds up on the sides. Clever, very clever. I was pleased to note that the carpet under the bed looked just as clean as the areas around it, so points to the Hyatt on cleanliness- I mean, i think i would have been a bit uncomfortable if the carpet around where the bed was supposed to be was a darker shade of brown.My friend and i stayed til about 5am (we noticed the sun coming up and had enough sense to not want to walk home in our flashy outfits when it was light out!) and left without incident. No one ever came by the hotel room to shush the party, and there was still no one to scold us in the empty lobby. Probably a good thing since by that point i probably would have drunkenly slurred out 'don't judge meeee' if anyone on staff so much as looked at me.All in all, i recommend this hotel if you are looking for a hotel to party in after a bachelorette party, stag, graduation, concert, club night, or whatever else merits being rowdy until long past the rest of the world is waking up without a hangover!
4	The Hyatt Regency earns my praise for employing a very friendly and helpful staff that speaks both French and English.  Which is definitely needed when you are planning a large event and have booked a substantial room block on their property.  Though the rooms are not unique or very large, they are clean, new and do the job in a fantastic location.  They include all of the amenities you'd expect from a quality hotel and do not disappoint when it comes to housekeeping.  The lobby and bar area, SIX Resto Lounge, is pretty swanky and you can tell was just redone for the modern, sophisticated clientele which was perfect for what we needed.  And at the end of our conference, when we needed some last minute shipping help, their employees were wonderful in helping us in a pinch.  Their Regency Club rooms are nice as they come with special access to things otherwise not included in the standard room rate.  The mall underneath the hotel and it's location on St. Catherine really do make it enticing for the out of town and out of country traveler.
1	I am just appalled, just appalled....I am here for the just for laughs comedy festival as a guest. So yes we got the room for free and a corporate rate for the extra night we added, so I should not complain. But I am going to.  Apparently the workers are on strike. I understand your situation,and I am sorry for your predicament. Should I pay the consequence for your dispute? Isn't this called "the hospitality business"?No bed service, no towel service, no pool, the wall paper is peeling off of the wall,the coffee maker of the cheapest kind,(I've been to less prestigious places in the US and they had  Koering espresso machines in their room), plush bedding is advertised, no 400 counts here and a hole in my top sheet... I could continue with how horrendous checking in was but I will not...I just want to remind you what Hospitality, hospitalite, in French, just in case, means. It means to go above and beyond the guests' needs. I will make sure to ask for a refund as soon as I get home.
5	The Hyatt in downtown Montreal happened to have its staff on strike. The fill ins were managers, that actually cared about service. I must say, the previous years I got bad service from their union employees. Glad they were on strike, cause we received the best service from the non-union employees.
1	Wanted to stay somewhere a little nicer in Montreal while in town for the Osheaga music festival. The pool and other amenities like complimentary breakfast were the deciding factor for staying here instead of much cheaper options like "Hotel Osheaga".I was not notified or given any indication that the staff had gone on strike until I arrived at check-in. Due to the strike the pool was closed, our room was never serviced over the course of 4 days, we had to call downstairs everytime we needed more towels, and the included breakfast was terrible. Even though the services provided were not as promised, they still refused to offer any partial refunds and instead offered complimentary wifi as a courtesy. They have a promotion running on foursquare for free wifi so it would have been free anyway.DON'T STAY HERE!!!
1	Upon arriving we were told there was a strike& most of the hotel services would be nonexistent due to the strike. Lovely! So heres where the princess comes out! they never cleaned the rooms, no swimming pool, no clean towels, no hot water (french thing?) no room service basically NO NOTHING! the only thing i can say is "Blame Canada!"
3	Hyatt has gone through some renovations and the new lobby and lounge are pretty chic compared to their older more dated feel.  It's starting to remind me of something out of Las Vegas now vs Las Vegas in the 90s.  The space is pretty cool, the staff are friendly all around and it's in a nice central location.If you can literally hop, skip and jump in any direction and you'll have something to do.  Chinatown?  Down the street!  Want a slightly older European feel?  Head down towards Old Montreal.  Shopping?  St Catharines St all day!  Good food?  OK you can really go in any direction for some of that.  Old Montreal, St Laurent, there's some nice meals.  Want to go clubbing?  St Laurent, Cresent St...OK you get my point.  There's lots to do!With all that has been spent in this area I don't think anything has changed in the rooms.  They're still kind of dark and dingy but maybe they're still working on them.  There are no issues with the strikes that I've seen some people mention but there is a lot of construction on Jeanne Mance which really I can't fault the hotel.  Come by for the location and get some good zzzzs on the beds, they're comfortable.
3	Actual rating 3.5.This hotel was okay.  Location wise it is very convenient.  The room size was reasonable and clean.  It was incredibly quiet.  The hotel staff were also okay.  When we checked in, the woman at the desk was very pleasant.  She even allowed us to check in very early which was a big bonus.  When we were checking out, the man at reception was rather curt bordering on rudeness.I did not like the look of the hotel lobby and the layout was very awkward.  This place looks like it is undergoing renovations and redecorating; frankly the design is not working.  There was absolutely nothing elegant about this place.  The actual building itself looks like a concrete bunker, like some ugly uninviting government building.
3	Stayed here last week of May. Staff was friendly and hotel did not seem to be crowded. Location wise it is convenient. It is attached to a mall so you can shop to your heart's content. There are a bunch of restaurants on st catherine that is walkable.As far as getting to the hotel, you can catch the 747 express bus from the airport, get off stop 7 and a short walk gets you to the front door. I don't know how old this hotel is but it appears to be quite old. The rooms were average. View wasn't great but the biggest negative is the musty-like smell throughout the floors in the hotel and the room. It is bearable but not what I would expect from a Hyatt expectation. As a gold member I did not feel like I was treated as a valued member of their passport program. I suppose unless you are diamond or platinum you are not recognized or thanked in any way for patronizing their hotel.  Big difference from Marriott or Hilton where their level of customer service is exceptional across their chain.If you want a hotel situated in a good location this fits the bill. If you expect more of an upscale stay and treated as a valued member you won't get that here.
3	I spent the last few days in Montreal and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency.I'm not a fan of this hotel but (1) it's close to the Montreal office of the company I work for and (2) the other hotels I checked out were booked because of Les FrancoFolies de Montreal.I had booked a king room but there were none available when I checked in so they gave me a room with two double beds on the 11th floor ... this was apparently an upgrade because (1) it's on higher floor and (2) the view isn't of office buildings.Les FrancoFolies de Montreal was right outside my window so I could hear and see a lot, which is cool.  The receptionist had assured me that the music would be over at 11pm but it wasn't ... the last bands came on at 11pm and played 'til midnight.  Good thing I'm a night owl!Why don't I like this hotel?  * The rooms are dated and in need of upgrading (though the lobby has recently had an extensive renovation).  * The bath tub isn't very deep and the faucet and showerhead aren't centred and are off to the side.  * The soap, shampoo, etc. are white ginger scented and smell nasty.  I noticed this time that the products are different ... maybe they have changed the supplier or perhaps the "upgraded" rooms get a better one.* The main reason I'm not a fan is because of the elevators.  You have to take an elevator from the lobby to the room, which is standard ... but the four elevators are sooooooooooo slow and take forever to come and then get you where you want to go.  Then to get out of the lobby and onto the street or the mall that's attached, you have to take other elevators.The plus is that it's on Rue St-Catherine so it's handy to shopping and restaurants.
4	Wonderful hotel in the middle of everything.  Very comfortable beds/rooms.  Club lounge is very nice with a nice patio that can be enjoyed in good weather.  Breakfast buffet is well stocked with a variety of options.
2	The room is great. The bar was a big disappointment. We sat at the bar for 5 minutes & didn't even get an acknowledgement from any if the 3 bartenders. The bar is not even busy. Two people came in after us got their drinks. I guess our money is not green! Wtf!
1	I booked this last January for Igloo fest with my boyfriend. I got it on Hotwire but otherwise I would have canceled. The rooms are beyond outdated. They're the equivalent of a 2 star at best. The rooms are blank and depressing. The bathroom is awkwardly lit and stale which makes it impossible to use the mirror. Hotel also charges $13 / day for internet usage, whether you're a guest or a visitor. Unacceptable in this day and age. I don't know why anyone is saying that its in a good area as its not. Its a long walk to the closest metro or where civilization is on ste catherine. It also baffles me where anyone likes the mall as it is shitty with a small food court in comparison to the underground city.   With so many options of gorgeous hotels in Montreal this shouldn't be one
4	Booked on Hotwire for a super deal. Great location and great service. The staff was very attentive. Room service was busy and they made a point to make sure we were taken care of. I would definitely come back and recommend this hotel.
3	While at Jay Peak, VT the man and I decided we didn't want to drive the 8 hours home and with us both having a holiday the next day, we decided to have a pit stop in #Montreal, one of my favorite cities.I booked the Hyatt Regency for less than a $100 via Hotwire. Located in a very convenient neighborhood, literally in between the Old Port, Chinatown & St. Catherine, it's super central. If you're looking for a roof over your head and it's at a good price, the Hyatt is perfect. So why 3 stars? I've said this before and I'll say it again, this gal likes her luxury and especially when in a city like Montreal, I want charm and ambiance.What I really liked about the Hyatt:1) A parking garage attached - for the MTL winters this is crucial. It was $20 for 24 hours.2) So friendly. The concierge was a delight.3) The hotel lobby and bar area is pretty up to date with a hip vibe not quite there. They are definitely going for the W type look.4) The room was nice and bed comfy.What I really didn't like about the Hyatt:1) The bathroom was that of a Motel 6. Dark, a bit dingy, small and cramped.2) The room itself was dark.3) Pretty generic feeling.4) The alarm went off at 6AM. That should be on the checklist for all maids: turn off the alarm.I'd definitely stay again at the Hyatt Regency if it's the cheapest option, but I'd also spend a few bucks more if I had the option to stay with a bit more luxe.
3	Service is good. It's in a great location connected to west mount square. My only complaint is parking lot direction to the Hyatt but maybe that's because I wasn't pay much attention to where I was going.
5	This hotel is in a great location. We stayed here 3 nights while visiting Montreal for Nuit Blanche. The front desk was incredibility helpful with our request for directions and food recommendations.  The hotel itself is very nice, upscale and very modern. We stayed in an upgraded corner room with a view. We used the valet service and they were quick, efficient and polite.  We also ate at the hotel bar one evening which was swanky and delicious. I would recommend staying here over other options in Montreal.
1	Our company has a contract with the Hyatt Regency Montreal, our reservations were made a month in advance. When we arrived they were very dismissive and were trying to avoid us. When we asked repeatedly about our rooms they would not respond to us. They finally said that there was a mix up and they are sending us in a cab to another hotel( the Comfort Inn South) 30 minutes away. Our company will be discontinuing the contract.
3	Very disappointed. As a Hyatt Diamond member, I have stayed in a lot of Hyatt Regency hotels, and this one let me down in many ways. Spent half my time in elevators, almost got stuck in one, and talked to several other guests that did get stuck. Message to management...FIX THE  ELEVATORS! No concierge service. Rooms are dark, small window doesn't let in much light. I was here during the World Cup, and was excited to watch a USA match in the bar area (which has a very impressive huge tv!) until they wouldn't turn on the sound! Instead, they insisted on keeping their trendy elevator music... Even though the bar was full of fans wanting to watch and hear the game! The Regency club is sub par compared other Hyatts. The coffee machine didn't even work. Half the time there weren't waters in the club either. Was happy about the hot breakfast included in the Regency Club rate.  On a positive note, the location is great. The pool and the workout room are also very nice. I would look around for other places to stay, unless you get a great deal on this hotel.
2	I'm a platinum-level member of Hyatt's Gold Passport program, and this is definitely the worst Hyatt brand hotel I've ever stayed in. Both inside and out, the Hyatt Regency Montreal has the kind of cold, sterile look you associate with the old Soviet Union. Blocky architecture, small windows, drab colors, worn finishes -- everything conspires to create a depressing atmosphere. The lobby is chaotic, parking is a mess, elevators are slow, layout of the public spaces is awful, and hallways are dark and narrow. At $89 a night, you might be able to overlook all the shortcomings, but at $200+ you'll feel like you've been mugged.
4	Large rooms, adequately furnished in central location. Friendly service, reasonable price.
2	This a 2.5 star hotel.  I know this is mentioned in other posts - but it's accurate, the elevators are terrible. They're slow, jumpy and need some work. The rooms are decent - starting to show some age. But honestly, this hotel is not any nicer than an older Courtyard in middle America. Most of the staff are not out right rude - but certainly not pleased to help guests. I got attitude for my one request while checking out - which was "can I get a copy of my bill please". If you can book this for $100 a night - it's ok. If you're paying full price - you're going to be greatly disappointed.
4	I'm mostly giving this hotel four stars because of the fabulous location. The hotel itself would be about a 3.5, but the fact that it was walking distance from our concert venue bumped it up to a 4! It's close to Old Montreal, Chinatown and St. Catherine, so it's a great place to stay no matter what you're looking for in Montreal.Driving in Montreal is never an easy feat for this Ottawan, but it wasn't too hard to find this place. They offer valet parking for around $30 a day, but on a tip from the valet manager, we parked underground, which is $10 a day on weekends.The hotel is attached to a mall, which is super convenient (especially in the winter!), when you want to shop a bit, or grab some junk food from Jean Coutu!So, the hotel itself. Not super impressive, but not awful either. I don't like how you have to enter on a ground level, but that you have to take the elevator to the second floor for reception - it just felt a bit strange. The reception staff were lovely and accommodating. The lobby decor is lovely and modern, and the lounge is gorgeous. They've clearly made an effort on the main level. There's a restaurant, Saveur, where we had our breakfast (see separate review!), a wine bar, and another restaurant, I believe.The room itself wasn't anything too special. Standard double beds, desk and tv. Everything was super clean though, which was nice. I have to agree with some of the other reviews stating the rooms could use an update. The walls are looking a bit tired, and the bathroom could use some hardware updates. That being said, the bed was super comfy, and it was everything we needed for the night. Also, the view was incredible!I would absolutely stay here again. We paid around $120 for a Friday night, and I felt this was absolutely worth it for the location and convenience.
3	Rooms are clean, neat.  Bed was fine and bathroom clean.  The restaurant let them down though.  For example, one evening I ordered Gnocchi and it appeared they sprinkled cheese on some cooked earlier and microwaved it and served it with a sprinkle of microgreens in an attempt to make it look fresh.  Expected more.
