5	I pull in off the 215 on Eastern, and locate this restaurant, but the drive thru has three or four cars stacked up, so I walk inside. I'm the second customer waiting to order. The counterperson looks up and greets me warmly. The person in front of me starts to order, then the manager also looks up from behind the counter and greets me, and I'm thinking "Really, really friendly!". Another minute or two while the person in front of me changes their mind about their order, and then....The hispanic woman stationed at the drive-thru window turns around with a scowl on her face, stalks over to the partition between the cashier and the cooks where the burgers come out, leans over toward the cooks, and says in a voice loud enough for everyone in the restaurant to hear (and I quote) "MUCHO BLAH BLAH BLAH!!"I smiled so big when she turned around to go back to the drive-thru she winked at me.Now that's what I call a sign of the times. :) Absolutely hilarious.For the record, I was in and out of this Carl's Jr. in less than ten minutes, start to finish, but the cars in the drive thru were still stacked three and four deep.  I vote this restaurant "Best In Chain" for Carl's Jr. of all the Carl's Jr.'s I've been to in Las Vegas."MUCHO BLAH BLAH BLAH!" to all Carl's Jr. cooks everywhere! "MUCHO BLAH BLAH BLAH!"LOLOLOL!
3	THEY JUST OPENED UP A CARL's JR at the corner of Blue Diamond and Decatur. So the family and I had Carl's Jr last night for dinner. I had the Teriyaki chicken sandwich with Pineapple. As I began eating, I could taste the teriyaki right of the back. It was very delicious, but then I got to the pineapple.. The pineapple was good too, however, the combination of the teriyaki chicken and pineapple did not mix very well for me. I have eaten at Carl's Jr before and had other good meals, and don't get me wrong, this one was good, but just the combination of the pineapple and teriyaki was not a good combo!! That is why I am still giving them a 3-star... they are good. I wanna try the mushroom burgers... Plus my son tried one. He said that it was good and he gives the sandwich a 5-star rating.
1	Let me say first that CJ's is my 2nd favorite burger chain.  This one, though, had the worst excuse for a 6-Dollar burger ever, the Turkey burger was completely flavor-free, and the chicken strips were... bitter.  How is chicken bitter?  There's a joke somewhere...Bleah.  Never again.  Not this store anyway.
4	My husband and I have come here 2xs as a quick bite to end our date night. Both times the food has been hot and fresh and the employees have been super nice. The steakhouse burger is so delicious! And the fries have been hot and cripsy!
1	Creepy drive thru guy named Tim practically crawled out the window to tell me I had a very beautiful smile. Turned off the drive thru lights and stared at me the whole time I waited for my food. Will not be going back there again. Ever.
1	I'm not a huge fan of fast food places but once in a while they satisfy a craving. I went to this Carl's Jr. for breakfast this morning. I ordered the Big Country burrito which came with some hash towns and a coffee. I ate three or four of the hash browns and stopped because they tasted old and stale. The burrito wasn't flavorless but the flavor it had tasted like motor oil. To finish my meal, my coffee was some of the worst swill I have ever tasted. Most truck stops have better coffee than this place.So in closing, this fast food dispensary does nothing more than provide terrible food with mediocre service. Save your time and your taste buds, go to a 7Eleven and get a Snickers bar.
1	They got my order wrong and the food tasted old. My malt tasted really bad like they made if with expired icecream. I got only have my order. I'm not eating here again or at any Carl's jr was the worse service I have received.
1	Absolutely the worst service I have ever seen at a fast food restaurant.  We stopped in for a quick burger.  It took us almost 5 minutes at the register to be acknowledged.  Bear in mind, there was a party of 3 who were eating, and a party of 5 who ordered at some point before us.Ordered 2 combo meals... 18 minutes later, I walked back to the counter.  The General Manager was the woman who took  our order.. and she was ALSO COOKING THE FOOD.  A grand total of 3 employees were present on a Friday night at 5:00pm.  One was handling the drive-thru orders, the general manager was working the front registers and helping a brand new person cook the food.We got our burgers after I waited another 2 or 3 minutes at the counter.  Mine was the wrong order.  The GENERAL MANAGER asked the brand new cook what the wrapper looked like for the one I ordered.While all of this is going on, the party of 5 who ordered before us informed the GM that she had been waiting 22 minutes for 2 milkshakes.  The GM's reply was "yeah, we have 15 ordered right now, we'll get to it".  I understand understaffing to save some money, but no apology, nothing.   And the restaurant had a total of 3 parties including us.   The GM had the personality of wallpaper and offered nothing in the way of an apology.I will go to In 'n Out burger across the street next time.  The GM should be fired.
1	Stale, almost room-temperature hash browns and biscuits as hard as the table I was sitting at, isn't really what I was looking for in a cheat-day breakfast.
1	I would stay away from this Store. They do not care for you . They just want your money. Have never seen people just not care so well its like their job to not give a damn about you
