5	This place is awesome! If you like mexican arts/decor you have to check this place out. The store is jam packed with tons of items....crosses, planters, chimineas, leather goods, day of the dead stuff, talavera items, gorditas and much, much, much more. I shop this store frequently even bring out-of-towners here. My aunt sometimes makes trips from central california just to shop here. Check it out.
5	Hands down one of the best Mexican import store in the valley. In fact, I was rather surprised there weren't any Yelp reviews.Located at 24th/Van Buren, this store has an obscene amount of Mexican crafts, pottery, leather goods, etc. - lots of stuff to feast your eyes on inside! Pottery is on their back patio in addition to their many rooms inside.Friendly and helpful associates - such a great experience!!
5	Wow ... They have a little of everything.   Great selection of imported items from the traditional ceramic pieces to extensive Day of the Dead items,   Lots of great metal work items for your patio or wall.This is the place to take out of town guests to find those unique imported items
5	I've seen a lot of these stores both in Mexico & here in the Phoenix area since I've lived in AZ for decades, but this is the first time I've been to this one. WOAH - looks small from the front & then it unfolds room after room, then more outside in the back. It really is a comprehensive store for items from Mexico. I guess the owner does a route thru MX to his vendors in various places - it shows. You'll see every item you regret you didn't buy on that last vacation to Mexico. Except the 8-foot metal T-rex. I had to ask, as I have fantasized for years about planting one on my front lawn just to see how long the very strict HOA would take to get that warning letter to me.The guy at the store told me they don't bother buying the big dinosaurs because they rarely sell (guess I'm not there only one who snaps back to urban reality at the point of sale). FYI, if you want a giant metal T-rex, go to Mesa - there's been one for sale for a few years on E Main St  :-)(Edit) LOL - Aileen's compliment made me realize I forgot to say YES, we bought a lot of things!  We were there for the latest wave of outdoor patio decorations. Left with 2 big pots, some various wall art pieces, & a leather belt. They came down in price some at the register.  Not like deep MX bargaining, but enough to make DH happy.
4	Very cool place...HUGE! Lots of nooks and crannies with a wonderful selection of Day of the Dead- themed items. I bought two DOTD-themed tiles for $9 each. Wish I could have bought more, but only had so much room in my luggage.
1	Way too much junk in this store and it is stuffed from the front to the back. Mexico produces more than just junk so they really need to bring some better quality stuff in!. I felt the prices were high and it was difficult to get around the place. The guys working there were nice but they just need to find some more quality.
