5	First of all, let me say I am ashamed I have never eaten at this "lil joint" till a few weeks ago when my friend suggested it.  Well I can say, that we have been there twice for their Thrusday BBQ plate special. TIc Toc is a small hard to miss restaurant.  The atmosphere is pretty tight, since space is small.....but go early for their specials since they only serve till they are out.  The BBQ is a tomaoto based, slow cooked, pulled pork variety and comes with a standard soft dinner roll, spicy corn, and good ole cole slaw.  All exceptional.  My buddy also ordered the banana pudding which looked good, but I figured I would get it next time. I Still got lots to eat in this lifetime!
5	Very nice cute little place for brkfast and lunch. My Linda and her smiling face. Best customer service and fantastic people
5	Fast And friendly. The lunch rush subsides by 1pm. Go for the potato salad as your side. My go to is the falafel.
4	If you blink, you will miss this place.  That being said, that doesn't mean it isn't a great spot for lunch.  My favorite meal here is the Turkey Jezebal, thin sliced turkey, lettuce, tomato, cheese, served on a croissant style bun.  I've said it before but this sandwich proves my point that a sandwich either lives or dies by the bun in which it's made of!The people that are behind the counter are very courteous and the service is always quick.The interior is nothing to really write home about.  Paint CMU walls, hanging framed wall art....random art at that but that's ok.  I like random :)Definitely a no frills spot, just good food, good service and be on your way style dining :)
5	FanTASTIC little diner right in the heart of Uptown.  The owner is the sweet little lady running the register from open to close...I've never been in here when she wasn't working.  She's helpful, friendly, and fast with the service!  A previous reviewer mentioned that the "interior is nothing really to write home about".  He's correct; and that is EXACTLY how I want my diners to look!The coffee selection is great...always have several different blends to choose from at any time of the day...from light to dark roasts.  I try a different varietal everytime I'm in this place, which is easily 3 times a week.  A far cry from Starbucks commercialized dirty dishwater.Don't be afraid to stray off the menu and try specials!  the board by the register is full of them, different every day.  Get there early though...they have been known to run out of their specials on occassion (God Bless the days they run the chicken burrito special).  Although I'm disappointed when I get there after the last special has been sold, this does not bug me...it simply lets me know that they don't keep anything around longer than a day!  Everything is very fresh in here.If you feel like taking the path more traveled (God knows, its a well-worn path by yours truely), try the Loaded/Stuffed Hashbrown breakfast....you know how, when you get a loaded baked potato, all the sour cream, cheese, and bacon are gone in the first few bites and you still have 70% of a dry baked potato left on your plate, screaming for more accoutrement?  This dish has solved that riddle.  I would be perfectly happy paying the asking price for just the stuffed hashbrowns, but the icing on the hashbrown cake is two eggs "your way" and your choice of toast.  Can't beat it.
5	I give the Tic Toc a full five stars because it has all the necessary ingredients for a great meal out: genuine character, good comfort food, cleanliness, and a cute older couple that runs the joint. Tic Toc is a really great hole in the wall diner that I know most people don't probably think twice about if they even notice it at all. The first time I visited was out of necessity for an impromptu business meeting.Honestly though, you are greeted by the owners when you go in (I think they are British), grab a mug (if you want coffee), and grab a seat. If you go here you should not expect everything to be new and shiny... instead, expect patina and charm. Even the mugs are a random collection similar to what you might see in a thrift shop - but it works for this place and I love it!The food is standard diner fare but good nonetheless. They have a variety of specials offered throughout the week and I know other yelpers speak to how good they are but I have yet to venture out of my usual (eggs, toast, coffee). Regardless of what you get, one thing is for sure, Tic Toc is a great value.I'll be back!
5	Tic Toc is a great cafe for breakfast as well as lunch. Decently priced, delicious food and clean environment. The owner Linda is great. She has an adorable British accent and very hospitable.
5	Great place on the edge of Uptown. Service is friendly, food is freshly prepared, coffee is superb (get it before its gone)....Breakfast is my fzvititr mesl and Tic Toc is a gem
2	I really want to like this place because it is right across the street from where I work and we really have no other lunch options that are very close by.  However, it is very incosistent.  The past 3 times I have gone for lunch they have been out of something for the chicken cesear salad, but have not told me until I receive my order.  The first time they were out of parmesean cheese, the second time they were out of the usual sliced white meat chicken and replaced it with what appeared to be shredded leg meat and finally today they only had half a small to go cup of dressing.  All three of these items seem to be very important to making a salad that only has 4 ingredients.  If I would have known this upfront I would not order the cesear salad.  I guess I should always ask before I order to ensure that they have all of the ingredients.  In addition, it seems a little pricey for what they offer.  I can pay $9 and get a better salad at many other places uptown, I guess they are able to charge for convienence.
3	Me and my boyfriend went there for breakfast one day. He ordered the egg Benedict and it was not great. The sauce on it was lackluster. But the hot coco was amazing :)
4	I stopped by Tic Toc Diner for breakfast today and was very pleased. I ordered the Western omelet with toast and hash browns and I must say that it was fantastic. I love the outdoor seating that is right on the street which makes this place a great way to start off your day!!! The only downside is that this place can be a bit pricey just for breakfast but its worth it!!!
4	Cute little hole in the wall diner on the edge of Uptown. I work across the way from here and decided to pop in for lunch. They have a huge menu for such a little place - so I settled on the Quiche of the day - OMG - so yummy. I mean, it was the way quiche should be with a crisp light fluffy biscuity crust and a heavy egg base with good flavor - i wanted another piece when I was done. I got a side salad with it to save on carbs and that was very delish with a vinaigrette dressing.That being said - this is a very no frills place. A little counter, some cheap tables and a self service drink area - it's a bit dark inside and the decor consists of some random framed prints here and there.Regardless of the lack of ambiance - the food is bringing the people in - the place had a good crowd at lunch time and the proprietor is a British lady who is very patient and friendly. I saw someone eating a burger and I was like - OH YEA! It did look very good - Diner Burger good. You know what I mean. Like, I am not counting calories, good.The line moved pretty fast, you order at the counter, seat yourself and they call you when it's ready - you help yourself to the drink you ordered from a little area behind the counter - and just so you know, aside from soft drinks, coffee etc. They do have Perrier - which I love!I'll be back - very cute little old timey diner!
5	I love this place!This is a hidden gem in uptown, it's a cozy place with good food and even better service.The first time I went for lunch I ordered the Baja quesadilla and I almost cried because the chicken on it tasted like a dish that we eat in Mexico. Besides the quesadilla my other two favorites are two vegetarian sandwiches Fallafel and Jeniffer, I'm not vegetarian but they are delicious.
