2	The Sports Pub is the kind of place I tend to find myself at when I get overruled by my friends on the east side.  I don't know the east side of town all that well but I do know that I like the Ale Asylum A LOT.  I seem to be successful in getting everyone to go there about 25% of the time; otherwise we end up at the Sports Pub.  I've spent quite a few nights here and I can't really say I've ever had a good time.  If I could I'd rate this 2.5 stars, because really this place isn't that bad.  It's just that there are so many places with better beer, nicer bartenders, friendlier crowds and better food.  Every time I've gone to the Sports Pub there have been good aspects of my experience, but something always goes wrong and I leave with a bad impression of the place.  The first time, several years back, I remember having a really tasty burger, but the pitcher of Capital had little bits of gunk floating in it and the bartender tried to blame that on me.  That was enough for me to cross it off my list, but my friend really likes the place and I've been back multiple times since.  Last weekend, for example, we went for the second half of the Badger game.  It was crowded to be sure, but the service was good and my sandwich was pretty decent.  Unfortunately this was marred by the fact that we could not see a television from where the table was positioned, which kind of defeated the purpose of going to a sports bar.  I also got into a ridiculous argument with some drunk at the bar over something trivial, and I spent the rest of the afternoon hearing him loudly talk about me from across the bar.  Again, that's not really the fault of the Sports Pub but I just can't seem to have a nice time at this place.The menu is actually pretty broad, with traditional bar food done up right.  The appetizers are the standard fare, and the spicy curly fries are really tasty.  The tap selection is on the low side of OK.  There's usually a Capital and Spotted, and aside from the aforementioned incident I haven't had a major problem with quality.  There's a foosball table near the door where I once schooled a plastered townie five games in a row before hubris got the better of me and I was resounding beaten by his girlfriend.  There are outdoor volleyball courts and leagues during the summer.  I'm sure that if I lived near this place I'd probably find it a nice local hangout.  But I don't, and every time I've made the trip over from Middleton I end up regretting the experience.  I just can't recommend the place, though I'm pretty sure that I'll find myself back there in the not so distant future.  Maybe then it won't be so bad, but I'm not holding my breath.
2	Having just completed summer volleyball season here, I have mixed feelings about this place.  Sure, it's a sports bar and vball players track in tons of sand, but the bathrooms are disgusting- not just sandy, but smelling of sewer and always wet and dirty. Drinks are OK, prices vary wildly during the same evening, and the service is often inexplicably slow. There is one server who is really on her game- Callie, I think is her name- remembers who drinks what and comes by frequently.  She's great, but even still, our tabs are often wrong at the end of the evening, which is just a little more hassle than the place is worth.
1	Bad business, bad service.  The only thing keeping this place in business is their awesome volleyball set up.  Place is trashy... so is the guy whose family owns the place.  If he isn't trashed and offending customers, and employees, then he probably isn't working.
2	this place is truly awful. the sole reason I come here is to play volleyball... their outdoor sand courts are the only saving grace. they have a terrible beer selection and the majority of their patrons are complete douchebags (read: fat, shirtless guys and snooki wannabes). the parking lot is ALWAYS full, and people seem to think it's cool to park other people in rather than park on the street (and the bar seems ok with this). if you aren't coming to play sand volleyball, don't bother, seriously.
2	Visited last Saturday evening and nothing was "good".  Drinks were sub-par and no, not because there wasn't enough booze, because bitters shouldn't be used by the spoonful.  The food was very meh....4 people dined.  Patty melt was ok, Greek burger would have been ok...but who the heck puts olives WITH pits on a burger???  The server happened to check on us right after the pit was bit into and when my friend mentioned to the server that he was just trying to figure out if he cracked a tooth from the pits...she laughed and went "yeah".  The potato skins were so dried out they were mostly inedible.  The fries never saw a grain of salt...or any seasoning for that matter.  Our server was nice but kept forgetting about us or had way too many tables.  We waited forever for food because "the kitchen was backed up" but the place wasn't even full.  Had to get our own silverware, napkins and ketchup....you served coleslaw and french fries to us???
3	This is one of my traditional stops when departing from Dane County airport. Food is average. A decent tenderloin steak sandwich would have been greatly improved with a "bun upgrade" from a basic hamburger bun to something "hard rolly or French". Service on the other hand by Todd was again good , very friendly and attentive! For what it is,an enjoyable place in my opinion.
3	Not a bad place....I've only been here once for lunch with my co-workers in a large group. The service was quick for how many people were in our party. The food was very average. My black bean wrap was fine and the curly fries were good!It's definitely a place you go for typical bar food. A little greasy, but if that's what you want, then it works!
2	Not too thrilled with the value of a Groupon from Sports Pub.  To be clear...Service was very personable (Alyssa), but sporadic.  This is an indication of a section that is too large for the server.  I believe she had every table outside the bar on a Saturday night, albeit early (approx 6pm).I have an issue with the Groupon that I purchased.  If I pay $14 for a buy-one-get-one, I expect to receive $14 in savings.  That was not the case.  Because of our selections, the savings only priced out to about $6 less than had I just walked in.  In fact, I am not sure it is possible to receive $14 in savings given the limitations of the sandwich menu and domestic beer selections.  As an aside, I wouldn't just walk in because this place is across town from me..To be clear, we also ordered an appetizer, soft drink, and craft beer.  I didn't want to give the impression that we were there to redeem the Groupon, drop a gratuity, and leave.The food was standard bar food.  The chicken nachos were ho-hum.  The sandwiches were tasty.
5	Purchased a groupon for this place.  The service was excellent and the deluxe prime rib sandwich and the chipolte burger were fantastic.  You can bet we will visit again wifalsethout
3	They do a good turkey club I will say that much. Hit the spot for me and I am a picky sandwich guy. The salad bar is not half bad either for just $3 more. Great spot to grab a lunch on the east side for cheap or catch the game I am sure based on the looks of the place. I'd visit more often but being here in San Diego might make that a bit tough....
3	We went here to be able to watch the Bears game and the Packers game one sunday. They found us a seat and made sure we could see both games. The food was decent and the service was ok. It is a good place to go if you want to watch multiple games at once. I wouldn't go there all the time and it won't become my favorite hangout but I'd go back.
2	Came in on quiet night before the holidays, we were the only ones ordering food. Suffice to say service was slow, meals were either overcooked or served cold, screwed up pizza order. Guests from out of town were not happy with anything that transpired
4	I love this place! They have the most AMAZING Chicken/Apple/Pecan salad! I know, a sports pub and a salad may not seem like they 'go together,' but the salad is the best. Fresh grilled chicken breast (not pieces, reheated), fresh sliced apples, and a raspberry dressing that is to DIE FOR! They also have an amazing turkey melt. I felt like the service was great and everything was fresh. I have only eaten there during the lunch hour, not evenings... and they seem to have free, self-serve popcorn - freshly popped in the popper. Last time I ate there was a Friday during lunch. I highly recommend.
4	Have been coming here for years to play volleyball. My team and I really enjoy hanging out on the patio. The beer selection is great with many craft beers on tap. I like the Laguanitas and the Karben4 selections. Food is great for the price, especially the wraps.
4	Decent food...clean good service.  Doesn't look impressive from outside...but I enjoyed.Great place for a quick lunch.
