2	The sign for this place says sushi and cocktails and its right by pita jungle off dobson. Went for quick lunch.  Had the lunch special with two rolls for like 10 bucks.  Had two different tempura rolls (vegas roll and one other i can't remember).  Tasted good, nothing extra special or awful.  I thanked the sushi chef when I left and he didn't even acknowledge my existence.  I know he heard because the manager, or owner, noticed and made sure to say thanks real loud.  Probably won't return when I can go to pita jungle and get quality food and SERVICE!
5	I feel the need to review this restaurant to offset the low score by the only other reviewer.I've been here a few times, and I've always had great service. One of those times, I sat at the bar with my boyfriend, and the sushi chef chatted with us. He was really chill & polite, so I'm surprised by Bret's comment -- perhaps it was a different chef?The food is good, and I like their menu a lot. They have a variety of ingredients in their rolls beyond the standard California roll-type options. One of my favorites is the salmon & mango roll. It always tastes really fresh and tangy delicious.Every time I've been there, I've been offered dessert on the house. I usually turn it down, as I'm too full of sushi, but one time I accepted and was presented with a cute little dish of green tea ice cream. It was better than green tea ice cream that I've had elsewhere. They have mochi too, I believe (yay!).I also really appreciate the fact that they don't blare hip hop music (as is typical of some sushi bars, especially in the Tempe area).Overall, I have no complaints! This sushi restaurant is totally worth giving a try.
2	Not the best Korean food I had. Its not as authentic as other places,and their recepies are interesting.Do NOT order Japanese food here.Owned and operated by Koreans. It tastes different.
4	Not sure why this place is getting such low reviews. This place is very good, not the best but very good. The service is always good, and the quality and cut of the fish is great. I go there very often for lunch with coworkers, dinner with my girlfriend and have even gone in large groups. The Sushi Chef is always telling jokes and interacting with us and the owner or manager makes sure we are taken care of.The only problem is the cost, it can be a little over priced, but still better than other places around.
4	I have been to this spot several times and service is usually good and the food is always yummy. The manager is so kind, she makes sure everyone is token care of. The wait staff includes young ladies that will get better over time. The price can be a little high, but so are most sushi places.
1	Has this place closed?  Went looking for it yesterday and I did not find it.  Anyone know?
4	It's now called Hon Machi but this place was awesome. Not the best Korean food but it was good and hey, we're in AZ. Our service was great and the staff was super nice. Definitely will return
