5	A phoestivus for the rest of us. Air your grievances and dance around the phoestivus pole.As you shop local for your family, friends, and that weird guy named Cole.With samples to tempt your palate; pickled celery, cookies, tamales, and more. If you're getting hungry, don't wait. There's plenty of food trucks galore.Forgot to get that yearly family holiday photo for display?The social station (booth) will hook you up with an action shot or kissy face, no delay.After picking through jewelry, baked goods, and hand made bow ties.Get your gifts wrapped free by Lindsey F, the Yelper in disguise.I had a blast eating shortleash dogs and chatting with friends.Hope to see you there next week, hurry and get there before it ends.
5	The Phoestivus last night was a lot of fun.  My hubby and I walked around and looked at all the cool things that people were selling and tried a couple of samples too.  I bought a cute bracelet from Pure Life Forever by Jenny.  After walking around we decided to have Short Leash for dinner.   Short Leash was amazing as always. :) When walking around earlier that night we saw that they had a photo booth.  So we decided to get our picture taken from Social Station and the picture turned out great.  On our way out we stopped by the Yelp Table and had Lindsey F. wrap our gift for us.  She did a great job on our gift.  :)   Next week they are doing Phoestivus again.  So, if you are in downtown next Wednesday you should check out Phoestivus.
5	Phoestivus is a super-fun local holiday market, designed to promote small, locally-owned businesses.  It's held at the Wednesday night downtown Farmer's Market, and this year, expanded to two weeks.  The beer garden was a brilliant addition, and 100% of the profits from it go to support Community Food Connections, the wonderful organization that keeps downtown Phoenix from being a true food desert.  Local brews, local food trucks, local farmers and artists assure that the money you spend will stay here in our community.
5	I came ready to air my grievances and once I was there I forgot I had any! So many doo-dads, crafty creations, sweet temptations and FOOD TRUCKS!!From t-shirts and poster with facetious sayings like "I'm a baby duck.  You, YOU, are nothing!" and "When I look in the mirror I see a unicorn.  A bad ass unicorn."..to shirts made of hemp and necklaces with photos hanging on a sari necklace! Then sweet treats like whoopie pies packaged in gorgeous bows and ties what could very easily be found at Tiffany and Co!  Why not buy yourself a gift and unwrap a tamale?  Doctor Hummus is there too...don't pass him by! Live music and picture booths and lavosh and cookies and pies and paletas and...I could go on for days!  The bff and I had a great time and all the other fun loving people there were just that.  We struck up conversations at every booth and left smiling!  This is a Phoestivus for the rest of us!
5	Love the airing of the grievances.   And the dozen food trucks too.  Beer garden doesn't hurt either.  It is basically just a more festive version of the Saturday market done at night with more food and drinking.  But that's not a bad thing :-)  btw, yes Short Leash Dog is terrific, but is it 2 dozen people in line terrific when there's a bunch of other great food trucks with no lines right next to it?  I especially love Aji Mobile's El Gaucho sandwich with chimichurri.
5	Phoestivus has become something I look forward to all year 'round. A great opportunity to get unique and fun gifts for loved ones and celebrate fond Seinfeld memories.
5	This was the first year I was able to make it to Phoestivus and I had a great evening! It's a good problem that it looks like they are getting too big for the space with all of the vendors and people they had when I went. I met up with a friend and we first had dinner from Pizza People, which I really liked. Afterwards we walked around and I ended up picking up a couple of items for gifts and we ended the night with a treat from Torched Goodness. I also love that I got to see the Phoenix Public Market is back open as a cafe - I'll have to try it out!
4	A Phoestivus for the rest of us! Well, it looks like I am on a Seinfeld theme tonight, which is ok by me. And if you have a problem with that, I suggest you write it down and air your grievances at the Phoestivus next year. :-PThis was a super event. I really wasn't sure if it would be awesome or a total dud. You know how you go to a farmer's market only to find a disappointing 3 stands? This isn't that. There were a ton of vendors, and unique ones like crunchy flavored oatmeal and granolas, cool and interesting graphic tees, homemade peanut butters, lots of baked goods and jewelry, what must have been 10-20 food trucks. There were at least 6-10 rows of packed vendors (10-20 in each row), so there really were items of interest for anyone you might have with you. PLUS, the airing of grievances, the most befitting lackluster Phoestivus pole (touted as North America's largest) you could imagine, and a feats of strength area where you can challenge your opponent. It's just a lot of silly Seinfeldian fun that would still leave Frank Costanza bitching, but you would just roll your eyes and enjoy your shopping. My bonus was meeting very friendly CM Lindsay at the Yelp table, where, you guessed it- I picked up more Yelpsticks. Schwing for swag! So fun. Just go and plan on staying longer than we did cuz there is a lot to look at if you like to shop, and oh yeah- SHOP LOCAL! ;)
5	What an awesome event!  So many local artists and vendors... Its like the weekly farmer's market on holiday steroids.  I bought sugar scrubs from Slather, jewelry from multiple vendors including one who acid washes copper to turn it an awesome turquoise color , and some pottery from a hippy couple based out of Ajo, AZ.  There were food vendors with fresh produce, baked goods, popcorn, chocolate (Nutwhats and Stone Ground are amazing), granola, oats, spices, jams and jellies... You name it, you'll find it local at Phoestivus.  You will also find a multitude of food trucks serving up some delicious fare.  I did not partake in the beer booth, but if you do you'll need to stand in a long line for a 21+ bracelet and then in another line for beer.  So if you're partner is the shopaholic and you need a beer to cope, Phoestivus has provided that for you. =)  Yelp was there offering to wrap if you purchased something as a gift too!
5	Yay, Phoestivus!I made it for the second week, and from what I hear, it was notably more crowded. I didn't end up eating - the lines to the food trucks were all pretty long.However - did I power shop! Lots of gifts for friends - and I splurged on me, too!- A gluten free biscuit kit from Rise- A BUNCH (15!) fantastic chocolate bars from Stone Grindz- Several bracelets from Lotus and Lava - Unfiltered raw local honey from Sun Valley Bees- Spicy pickled asparagus and red bell peppers from Pickled Perfection- An earring and necklace set from Michael William Mosaic Jewelry- An air plant in a a blue T-rex! (damn - forgot to jot down the name of the plant vendor!)Free gift wrapping from Yelp and the awesome Rachael! (There was no tip jar, so I gave her one of the chocolate bars from Stone Grindz. She's so worth it!)Had the crowds been a bit more manageable for me, I would have been there longer and likely bought more. My wallet is grateful that didn't happen!Great music, festive atmosphere, and tons of local businesses all in one place.Awesome!
