1	A year ago I was in here and the older gentleman I spoke to was incredible! Educated, lots of insight and great customer service skills.Fast forward to this past weekend and a name change, now they're Stanley Security Solutions, and the kid in his 20's was either mildly retarded, stoned or both. Zero customer service skills and had no clue as to what was going on in the store. I would never spend a dime with this guy representing their company.
1	I requested a quote on a Cannon Patriot P22 and P40 safe.  Their price was several hundred dollars above Cannon's msrp.  When I inquired about this they replied that Cannon was not their primary safe line and they wanted to steer me to another brand.  Buyer beware of this safe dealer.  This business now operates under the name Stanley Security Solutions.
1	We were not greeted during the 5 minutes that we browsed the store while the salesmen were on their cellphones behind the counter, so we walked out. Prices of safes 'on sale' were outrageous.
3	This is a solid establishment with every lock need you might have. The service has never been a problem when I visited but YOU have to initiate the request for service. Don't expect the guys behind the counter to come to you. I had a condo community mailbox key that needed to be duplicated and no one at Lowe's or Home Depot could do it. I came here and it was done in 2 minutes.
5	Not sure why Yelp insists on still calling this Liberty Lock & Key.  It's now Stanley Security Solutions.  At least when you search for them on Yelp they take you here so this review should still help them.Anyway I had a lock on a cabinet break on me.  It had two locks so I could still lock the thing, but still wanted to get it fixed.  Called Stanley and they set me up with an appointment.  The locksmith called a half hour before he headed my way.  He wanted to ask some questions about my situation just in case.  I told him about the lock.  He said that if he had to replace it the part may cost up to $100.  Since I'd want both locks to have the same key I thought to myself that this may cost me $200+.  Still cheaper than buying a new cabinet though.  When the locksmith arrived he was friendly and courteous.  I looked at the lock and asked me how many keys did I have.  I have two so he asked if he could make a minor modification to one of the keys.  He said it would have no adverse effect on the lock and the other key would still work fine.  I said sure.  He made his minor modification, which enabled him to use the key to open the lock.  No muss.  No fuss.  No need to replace the locks.  No up-selling.  All I got charged was the visit fee and a small labor fee.  Very happy with Stanley.  Will use them again if I need locksmithing.
5	This is no longer Liberty Lock and Key. It is the same location but is called Stanley Security Solutions.  I recently lost my car keys.  They have a transponder chip in them and Stanley Security Solutions now has a machine to program your key to your car.  I had two extra keys and the dealership wanted $159 to program EACH key. Stanley programmed each key for $45!!!! I will definitely use this business again.
5	Fixed my locks, was on time and reasonably priced. I was pleased with the service and the tech did not try to sell me on unnecessary extras.
5	Always great work done by James! Plus he's hot.
1	I don't need to go back to a smith that refuses to sell pins to a do-it-yourselfer that needs to re-key new doorlocks to older keys.  I will not return to have keys duplicated at this joint nor will I consider them should I need a safe.  This business approach is extremely myopic when one considers how uncommonly a customer will want to re-pin his/her own locks.  An employee had to tell me, "We don't do that," after consulting the decision maker, who sat on his long suffering chair and refused to walk 8 steps to the counter to explain.For what it's worth, the locksmith in my homwtown GIVES me the pins I need, and I returned to pay for duplicate keys, difficult re-pins and lock-outs.  I also recommend their services to friends.Two way street.  Give and take.Liberty/Stanley just wants to take.
1	Had my front door rekeyed a year ago and the entire mechanism broke. The metal they use is really soft and wears down quickly. I called to see if there was any fee they could waive to come back out, and she said no. I asked if they have any warranty on quality of product and she said only 90 days. That's how long junk will last. Save your money and go somewhere else!!!!!!
5	The owner needs to update his Yelp page - they've change their name to Stanley Security Solutions.   Regardless, this is the only place I go to have keys made.  Just went in today to have keys made for a Suzuki motorcycle.  They had the right blank in stock it was only around $5 per key.   I also took in an obscure little key for a luggage box that they were able to copy as well.   These guys also have a great selection of really high-end gun safes. I also had them cut some blanks for my wife's Honda Odyssey last year (she lost very expensive key and fob).   They had the machine to program the key to the vehicle and the cost was much less than the dealership.   I bought the key blanks on eBay not realizing Stanley had them in stock for essentially the same price.  I've been in town long enough to remember when Liberty was further East on Sahara inside Liberty Plaza - a tiny location under the statue of Liberty.
5	I want to give props to Jacob Woods for helping me get my broken key out of my ignition, He did something that all other companies declined to do and he did it in under 3 min. The guy is a master. i will refer anyone to him. Thank you for helping me.
1	Stanley Security Solutions has very rude customer service both at the counter and on the jobsite.  They made one of my customers that I sent them to very upset. Now I have to do damage control.... I guess this is what we get when big Walls Street companies like Stanley Black and Decker buy out local mom and pop shops.  Their loyalty is to their stock shareholders and not those paying for their customer no-service.  Their company culture definitely filters down to customer.  Shame on you Stanley !
5	This place is GREAT for copying keys.  To all those who have give negative yelp reviews, I have never shopped for. Safe here nor have I ever had rude staff members.  Mostly I see customers being rude to staff here.  I have copied dozens of keys from automobiles, ATVs, motorcycles, and locks.  They have hands down the best selection of blanks to ensure they can copy any key.  Service is always fast, and while their forte may not be friendliness or ambience, they have yet to not have a key I needed.  I rekeyed a lock to my home and it was major pain.  I will definitely take it here if I need to do it again.  I did notice that they are a dollar or two more than other places for some of the common keys, but I don't care and am willing to pay that because it is always done right.  As far as the other items on the floor like safes, locks, door handles - they do not have the best prices and they seem to have them there because the space is too large for their needs. I will always be willing to drive the 20 minutes I need to in order to get here for the numerous special key needs I have has over the years.
5	We had our door's panic bar changed and Mike the Technician did an excellent job. He knows what he's doing. You can tell that he loves his job because his customer service was.awesome. I would recommend this company to my friends and family.Mike, thank you for the job well done!
4	I can't speak much on their overall security services, but the customer service I've experienced here has been great so far. We've been meaning to copy a key at a locksmith (Home Depot can't do this particular key), when lo and behold, as we were pulling out of Orchid Gardens on the way to Meadows Mall, we see the locksmith sign. I can't remember the name of the gentleman who helped us, but he copied our key swiftly and for a relatively cheap price. We also inquired about changing the locks of our home and he broke down pricing, possible lock options, and provided us the phone # of the people who handle the planning of the services. He didn't make us feel stupid for asking very basic questions about locks. There were also plenty of other people in the store looking at their large safes. Looks like folks in Vegas have a lot of stuff to lock up ;)
5	Saw good reviews and bad reviews so didn't know what to expect.  I had gone into Home Depot for a key replacement for my Nissan but they said the key had a chip in it and they couldn't do it.  They recommended Stanley.Anyway, I had no problems whatsoever.  The guy had to run out to the vehicle and get a code, run back in to the computer and get another code and run back out and enter it into the car once again.  It was all done fairly quickly.The replacement key worked fine and the original key worked better than before because the guy noticed that it was kind of rough going into the keyhole so he filed it down for free.I am quite pleased by the service and the results.  I am NOT please by the cost of the key ($100 + tax) but it's a lot less than it would have been at the dealer so I can live with it.  All those keys with chips in them are outrageously priced, I've found.
5	I was surprised to find out that the Volvo dealer doesn't cut Volvo keys there at the dealership, they order them then you have to wait a few days. These guys have blanks for just about every vehicle known to man, including laser cut keys and even blanks for my old 1990 Volvo. The service was fantastic I was in and out with three brand new keys for under $10, within about 8 minutes . I had two of my own blanks and bought one from them.
