3	Delivery Hours: 11:00 am - 01:00 amCarryout Hours: 11:00 am - 11:30 pmWe had been having problems with delivery. Finally wrote them feedback on their web site. After about 2 weeks they actually called. Since then we've been getting good service.Our apartment is hard to find the entrance is not where the street numbers should be. We always give the order taker the directions, but it wasn't getting to the driver. Hopefully they have fixed that. We really prefer Papa John's over the others.
3	Jenn is the manager. Poor thing had to pick up slack for the other stores in the area that apparently have no communication. If you want papa johns pizza, order. And pick up here..... This store is reliable unlike the others in a 10 mile radius...
1	I wish I could give this place a good review since the food itself is usually good and they have some decent deals.  But the fact is that make far too many mistakes with their orders:  Once they only brought me 25% of my actual order and more than once a driver would forget something, promise to return with the missing item and then abandon me.But the main reason Papa John's has lost my business is because the Phoenix Director of Operations, Christina Carter took it upon herself to send me a homophobic email describing gay people as vulgar and stating that I should take my business elsewhere.  Prior to this, I had boycotted Domino's Pizza for years because of the company's antigay attitude but never in my entire life have I ever heard of an employee of a company (much less an upper manager) directly targeting a specific individual customer and telling them "We don't want your kind here."I notified both the corporate office and this store of Ms. Carter's actions and neither place could even be bothered to do so much as to issue a minimal apology, implying that the company itself fully condones, supports, and encourages Ms. Carter's reprehensible actions.  If you give Papa John's your business, just be aware your pizza will be topped with hatred and bigotry.
