4	It's funny how much more you can appreciate a place once you don't have to work there anymore. Such is how I feel about The Coffee Bean. I worked at this location for almost two years, and while I was miserable pretty much the entire time I still enjoy coming here for coffee. One of the reasons being, I love the location. Being a bit more off the beaten path, it caters to a more neighborhood-y crowd for being a chain. A lot more regulars and not as many tourists(except during Spring Training time which always made me especially suicidal when I was an employee). And the coffee is pretty decent. There aren't as many selections of flavors as Starbucks but I always thought the quality was better. I highly suggest trying the new Pecan Praline latte which is delicious, plus the blendeds are far superior due to them actually being BLENDED and not chunks of ice. The place closes at 7pm all week so it's not exactly a nighttime hangout. Of course when I worked there closing time was an annoying and unnecessary 9pm....it's nice the bastards finally get their act together AFTER I leave.Oh and for all you guys out there, the place is next to Ford Modeling Agency so you can see models, yes real models, probably on their go-sees milling around carrying their little portfolios. It's very ANTM.
2	I used to come here all the time in the morning. That was back when I first moved to Arizona and didn't realize that this was just a California chain... I thought it was something new and different.Then I decided to switch from frothy lattes and other mixed coffee drinks to Just Plain Coffee. And I realized that someone in the back kept seriously messing up the coffee. I don't know what it was, burnt or weak or old or something. So I mostly quit coming.Once in a while I'll still drop in, but they do this thing which really annoys me -- when you ask for room for cream they leave like half the cup empty. I've had times before where my non-observant husband will get coffee for me, bring it home and it's honestly one-third empty because they left "room for cream." NO ONE uses THAT much cream, coffee bean, come on!
3	Great location, small space, ok selection...While CB&TL is a decent chain, some locations are better than others and this is just not one of them.  I've been a handful of times to this CB&TL for meetings as well as stopped in to get a cup of coffee or tea before or after a visit to Triple Sports (it's right next door).  It's just nothing to write home about...Last Thursday evening, I declared this would be a meeting spot for a group of us that needed to get together to discuss an upcoming event.  It was a 5:30 meeting and I arrived a bit early to get a drink and find a table for us.  Unfortunately, there are only 3 tables that sit 4 people... the rest of the tables sit 2.  There is a loungier area that seats maybe 4 in the back as well.  Luckily, one of the 4 tops became available as I waited, but if it didn't, we would've been SOL.  I will say that I like CB&TL sugar free vanilla flavoring as well as their lemon FruTea drink - try it if you go, it's refreshing and thirst quenching... supposedly it's made from lemon extract which is why it has that tart flavor I love so much.  Overall, I can give this CB&TL 3 stars - I think that's actually pretty fair.
2	Um, yeah, no!  Not!  I love coffee houses, but if one is going to go with corporate coffee I would rather hit my local Starbucks that The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf.  "Simply the best?"  That is their motto, but I think not!  The artificial power they use in their drinks tastes nasty, and never fully disolves in either the hot drinks or the iced drinks.  There is always a nasty, sludgy mess in the bottom.  Plus the powder sticks in my throat and makes me cough.  And none of the employees know anything about the drinks.  They seen very disinterested.  If I am going to buy coffee I want it to be from a fun place.  If I want coffee with morning attitude I can make it at home, and experience by own bad attitude. This Coffee Bean has been a bad experience every time.  Hit the independent coffee houses, or hit the Coffee Beans older, and successful brother, Starbucks.  Why settle for second rate coffee?
4	Where do you go when you need to find FREE WI-FI? To coffee bean and tea leaf, especially with their many many locations all around town and their good selection of coffee and tea. This place was really easy to find on the corner of Miller and Indian School. The setup is nice with a few comfy chairs, lots of electrical plugs around the place and tons of seating. We ordered iced blended coffees. (They would be even better with BOBA in them, but I doubt they would accept the suggestion). They were very good and the guys working there were very nice. A good music selection playing and lots of yummy snacks to choose from if you are inclined. Definitely a place to check out for some good coffee or tea and FREE WI-FI.
3	They have a good selection of teas, the coffee is bomb (most of the time), and the WiFi is free! How much more could u ask for?!
3	My dog, the adorable DeeDee Anne and I enjoy their muffins, the Beautiful Carin enjoys their scones and they don't burn the coffee...what more could I need from a coffee shop on a gorgeous Sunday morning?!?!Well, nothing really.I don't require an awful lot for a Sunday walk in the park with my favorite people (I know, but my dog is people, too), just nearly perfect weather, great companions and a decent cup of coffee. The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf provided the coffee (and a reasonable muffin and scone), I had to find the rest on my own!See you at the park!
2	The coffee is mediocre and the Barista was openly rude to an elderly woman behind us. The only great thing was the small, shady patio facing the street. I guess maybe the appeal is that there aren't any other coffee shops around that area, with Jamaican Blue being gone. Granted, I don't know the area that well--my friend just works around there. But, across the street there's a place called Scratch that you should definitely check out. Best pastries ever. And the coffee's pretty good, too.
4	I met someone here for a date and it provided an excellent atmosphere. The building was very spacious including outdoor seating, a couch area and plenty of tables & seats. It made it very easy to talk and get to know each other. My date indicated she didn't like hot beverages here as much as Starbucks - sometimes they are too sweet...instead we both went with an ice blended beverage, which closely remembled a frappachino at Starbucks. I went with the black forest which had chocolate, cherry and bits of expresso. I also saw other customers working on computers and meeting with groups. Definitely a cool spot to meet people or catch up on some work.
3	I think three stars is a pretty generous offering for Coffee Bean, at least this particular one.  A previous reviewer mentioned there was plenty of seating but I think that it feels crowded inside this particular location.  I'm not a huge blended coffee guy, and it looks like that happens to be one of CBTL's specialties, but their espresso drinks are boringly average and slightly overpriced.  I've never been blown away by friendliness here either, and really only go when every other coffee shop is closed on Sunday afternoons.
3	I've had good experiences here. Although I am not a coffee type of gal, the hot chocolate, or juice and muffins, do the trick for me. I usually meet clients here for early morning meetings and we can actually grab a table and hear each other speak. They also have a nice little shaded patio, a bit chilly in the months from November to April, but summer months... ahhhh!
3	I like this Coffee Bean only because it is tucked away on the corner of Miller & Indian School, so it doesn't get those huge workday morning lines that reach outside the door like most Starbucks do. Coffee Bean's drinks are far superior to Starbucks in my opinion, but that's why the price is so much more. I also think that Coffee Bean needs to work on its menu options because their pastries are just average. The baristas aren't that friendly here either, and the parking is kinda weird since it's located in a business complex. This is just your run of the mill Coffee Bean. Nothing special!
5	good fast service ez parking, big cookies
5	Can't go wrong with an iced gingerbread latte, hot waffle with Nutella spread and free wi-fi - especially shared with my beautiful wife. :)
4	I love Coffee Bean! And I love this one because they have friendly baristas who are very knowledgable and helpful.I checked out this place last week and ordered some tea lattes and a mocha and everybody was happy with their drinks. And I bought some of their peach oolong tea to make iced tea with. So good!Way to be amazing Coffee Bean. I want one in my neighborhood!
4	Iced teas....always perfect!
4	Given the choice between The Bean and the Bucks, I will always choose The Coffee Bean!  The coffee is better. The service is great. It's never as crowded. There are fewer children. (Starbucks might as well add a jungle gym....kids LOVE their lattes!). It's comfy. Plenty of outlets and free wifi. You can really get some work done. My only wish is for a drive thru.
5	great chai lattes and this location is not busy in the evening!
3	With so many great coffee shops in the Valley, this one is only just ok in my book. The location is decent and a good choice when looking for a nice patio to sit on or a quick cup o' Joe, but it fills up quickly. The staff is friendly as well. I'm not a huge fan of their iced coffee though. I ordered an iced mocha and watched them concoct it. They seem to use sugar free powder, add it to hot liquid and pour it into the coffee then add milk. Unfortunately, it didn't quite work for me and the iced coffee wasn't so iced and I tasted chunks of powder throughout. I've had their hot drinks though and their regular coffee is decent. I just wouldn't suggest going the iced route unless maybe you go the frozen route..now those are pretty tasty.
5	josh makes great caps
3	12/29/2011Meet in Scottsdale - checkSimple location to find - checkSpend time with a decades-long friend and a new professional connection - checkOutside Seating for humans, place for new puppy to walk - checkSunny winter day to have the meeting  - checkVariety of pastires, all levels of sweetness - checkSomething lunch like - nopeSpearmint and ginger tea - check Half off on some pretty nice looking/good value holiday gifts - checkRed hot spearmint and ginger tea - checkPeople happy with coffee - checkTake away list of promises made - checkSuccessful event - check.
4	Not gonna lie, I choose this place over Starbucks. Mainly because it has such a cool "Relax at home" vibe. Good service, they always greet me as I walk in. Very clean.I always dig the ice blended mocha...it's like crack.
5	Just went in for a tea latte (which are amazing!) and had to wait a bit... They weren't too busy but my drink had somehow fallen off their screen. I got lots of apologies, a larger drink than I had asked for, and a voided payment! I love you coffee bean!!!
3	2.5 Stars (I'll round up because I'm in a good mood)I came here for an iced coffee the other day because it was nearby and ended up paying around $4 for a medium iced coffee with caramel sweetening. Really? $4? I know I wouldn't even pay that much for a large iced coffee at Starbucks! Maybe I was mis-charged? I don't know. All I know is I thought it was an outrageous price. I don't mind paying that much for a latte or blended beverage, but just plain iced coffee? Come on! The coffee itself was delicious, but was it worth $4? Eh I don't really know.The service was okay, though the barista did seem confused when I asked if I could get a flavor in my iced coffee. It's like getting a flavored iced latte but with all coffee instead of milk - what's the big deal? Apparently it was confusing. But whatever. This confusion is probably what caused me to get over-charged. Anyway...I've only heard great things about Coffee Bean, so that and the fact that it's a less than 5 minute walk from J's will mean I will be returning for my necessary daily caffeine fix. Will report if I have a better experience next time. Fingers crossed!
5	This is my favorite coffee shop around. The staff are pleasant and the coffee is always made perfectly to order. There are plenty of comfortable chairs and even a couch to lounge on and of course free wi-fi. When it gets warm I love to sit outside and soak in the warm sun on the patio.
3	Had an iced tea (mint mocha as recommended by the server) which was good. Modern coffee spot, a good alternative to Starbucks.
4	I love this location. It is tucked away and surrounded by trees and hence shade and feels welcoming and inviting. The barista was super nice and made my large, iced hazelnut latte perfect. The store was very clean and just felt calm on a beautiful Saturday afternoon.
4	Great espresso,  had to add an extra shot as I  like mine powerful.  Staff was efficient,  friendly and all over it!  Comfortable little spot, great atmosphere,  clean. I  highly recommend!
4	I go to Coffee Bean occasionally during my work shift because of the short walking distance. (I don't have a vehicle). All the workers there are friendly and pretty quick to make drinks. I don't have time to hang out in there, but a lot of their customers look very comfortable and enjoy socializing there. They also recently had a fundraiser to send coffee to our lovely military heroes out of country. Of course I participated in that! Nice convenient place near my apartment and my work!
5	This is a great spot! They have a variety of coffees, teas and pastries. I go here quite a bit when working remote and it's quiet and relaxing with no interruptions. The staff is friendly and service is quick.I'd strongly recommend.
2	I love Coffee Bean for the unique, malted taste of the powders. I do not love this location though. About 3 months ago, I received a free drink for buying a $25 gift-card. I ordered the new toffee-flavored drink, and said I wanted it OVER-ice (I've learned to use that term with this chain) and with non-fat milk. The girl said something about how it's already pretty low-fat. That should've been my clue that there was a disconnect in communication, because what I was handed was one of those disgusting Ice-Blended drinks. Sweeter than a milkshake, that's why I don't like them. That's why I STRESS "OVER-ICE" at Coffee Bean. I really wanted to tell her it was wrong, but the girl was really nice, I was in a hurry and not to mention, the drink was technically free. I drank MAYBE 1/6 of it and dumped the rest when I got home. It was an extra-large, too.  :/So the reason I decided to post this review, is because of my boyfriend's experience this morning. He ordered an iced black & white mocha. What he got was a HOT mocha. He is shy and dislikes confrontations of any kind, so he just accepted this completely wrong drink and left. He said the girl that took his order had no personality, and when she called his drink to the barista, she said vanilla latte, which he did correct at that point.I used to be a barista, and there really is no excuse for bad service like this. I could MAYBE understand a mistake happening once in awhile if you're working the bar and have 20+ cups lined up during the morning rush (not exaggerating), but for someone working the register to screw up and have lackluster personality to boot... not cool.I'm not sure I'll go back to this location again or not. Sometimes I feel it's just not worth the hassle after a couple bad experiences.
3	I am a fan of the flavored teas and chai CBTL offers.  I was happy to find this location tucked away in the small retail complex off of Miller and Indian School.  I will warn that parking can be tricky.  The lot is small and people seem to love to speed through it in the mornings.  I almost got plowed down twice trying to get back to my car.  That aside, the service is friendly here and they didn't seem to be overly busy (maybe I missed the a.m. rush?)  Each time, my drink was made exactly as I specified.  I'm also a fan of the instant oatmeal they carry.  It hits the spot for a quick breakfast on the go.
4	Here I am at Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf. Let's start with the cup. I opted for my old standby, an iced vanilla latte with whole milk and an add shot. A new barista made it and she did a great job. The espresso is prominent and the vanilla is just an added bonus. I watched the method they use to make the drinks and was interested to find that they seem to use powder for their flavoring which I found to be odd. It's fine, it works. The music isn't really what I look for in a coffee shop, it's like this soft core indie rock. I prefer more mellow, singer songwriter in my coffee shops. Less half rock, more acoustic. Just my preference. This place is clean, everything is perfectly swept and tidy. The people working are your average coffee shop people, nothing too amazing but they do their jobs well. One thing I thought was really cool was I was asked if I wanted to buy a bag of coffee or tea for a soldier. If I wasn't buying my drink with quarters I definitely would have. I've never seen that in any other coffee shop I've ever been in. Kudos to Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf for thinking of our troops this forth.  :)Overall I'm not blown away impressed but I didn't hate it.
5	I haven't been to a bad Coffee Bean location, but the ladies behind the counter here went above and beyond to accommodate my strange requests. Love this place!
5	My wife and I are here a few times a week....great place for coffee in old town.The wait staff are all friendly and care to get you your order as quick as possible, GM Yvonne and her staff are top notch
4	Nice place. Free Wi-Fi of course. Nice staff who helped me with the honey sticks, which I had never used.  You squeeze the end open.  Don't try to break it in half.The Jasmine Green Tea is great and I used the bag twice.  Plus, I had a good meeting with a business associate in a comfortable environment.Yeah, I'd go back and try a black tea latte this time, like the young lady who took my order suggested.Then maybe I'd be really hooked!
2	Something about their drinks seem off. I've had Coffee Bean at several locations and this one has seemed weird every time I've been.
