5	Food is fresh and tastes great! Place is new and clean and service is awesome! The vicinity does not have many good choices for restaurants but now it does!! This place is just waiting for customers the food is delicious and there is a bigger variety on the menu than most local places. I would highly recommend!!!
5	I went there couple time, the food is great with fair price. Should definely try it, I love their general tso' chicken, taste different from other Chinese restaurant, the outside is crispy n with sweet sauce on top! Yummy! they just open less than a year, should go in and try! Oooo, and also the crab puff, make sure you order that!
5	Best General Tso chicken in the valley!! Hands down! This place used to be called Yie's cafe or something like that and I ate here when it was called that but whoever took it over, I'm glad they did. I mean, don't get me wrong. The food was still good back then but now it just seems to have that something extra. Another good item is the crab puffs. I like how they're shaped like triangles instead of fried wontons like some places do. Everytime I come here the place is empty...which I just don't understand cause the food is reasonably priced and seriously amazing!Come eat here people!  You won't regret it!
1	Its not that great. And pricing is above average compared to others. Food was just plain. Gotta love the fake reviews....
5	We are traveling from out of town, and thought we were going to the previous restaurant, which is no longer there.  This was a delicious and wonderful surprise.  The wontons were homemade, everything was fresh, and they were very flexible.  I added baby bok choy to everything and they moved ingredients from one of our entrees, to another to appease our son.  The staff was very friendly and the food arrived quickly and it was very hot, plus  there was no msg! If we were local, we would definitely return again and again. . .
5	We love this place...the food is excellent always hot and fresh the waitresses are always friendly and polite. The price is great not too expensive..the sweet and sour pork and chicken is excellent as well as the hot and sour soup. It's never busy which is surprising for how good they are. Wish I could give them 10 stars...
5	Amazing!!! Service is always consistent and welcoming! Food is well portioned and cheap. Small location but cozy!
1	Idk what all these reviews are about but this place was not amazing. The staff was very nice & sweet I give them that.    First we had the egg flower ( egg drop) soup which had Campbell soup like chicken in it, and it was not hot. Then I ordered Mongolian beef ( I normally order orange chicken but that didn't look good), the flavor was good but the meat had a weird texture, the fried rice just looked and tasted like white rice with soy sauce. Basically the only 2 things I like was the egg roll and fortune cookie, oh and my tea lol      I'm from LA California and we have amazing Chinese food and since I've moved to this area I can't find any good place. And apparently u can't rely on yelp reviews cause these people wouldn't know good Chinese if it bit them in the ass. Lol I'm mean everyone's different try it for urself.
3	Maybe I need to try more dishes from Go Go, but since name (ownership?) changed, so has the food. The first few tries, all the dishes felt so...homemade. Unique. Flavors I'm not gonna get just anywhere else. But now? I tried the sesame chicken, and received a boat load. It's the type of food you order for takeout and split with a friend or two, having successfully fulfilled your craving for Chinese, but somehow still wishing you'd chosen something more flavorful. Sesame chicken, specifically, tastes loaded with soy sauce. Some of the other stuff, like mixed vegetables were much better than expected, however. I think broccoli and garlic are a match made in foodie heaven! There are way too many options for me to try, so if you're in the area, I'd still recommend giving Go Go a chance. I feel that Phoenix in general needs more Chinese to balance out the burrito joints on every corner, so I want them to succeed. Oh, and they deliver, if you're in the area. I like.
1	Not worth the money! My husband took his parents here after a couple reviews from family saying it was amazing, its not. The food was flavorless and the portions were a little small. If you want good Chinese food drive a little further to Good China on Thomas.
5	I liked there food alot. We would order almost every weekend. There food was fresh the people are friendly I don't know why it's so empty if it's good
