5	"Save Water, Drink Wine"Gotta love Arcadia Fine Wine's slogan!We did save water by drinking a lot of wine this past Sunday when we went to check out Arcadia Fine Wine's new location at Safari Drive.  (It's beautiful by the way.)  We were invited to a special preview reception / tasting, and we had a blast, not to mention tasting more wines than I've ever had in one sitting!Starting with the bubbles (Mountain Dome Brut if I recall correctly), we moved into some other whites (a 2007 Robert Hall Sauv Blanc and a 2006 Allen Scott Riesling were a couple that we tried), and then onto reds (a 2007 Own Roe Abbots Table and a 2005 Maius were a couple of those).  The retail price of the bottles we tasted ranged from $10 to $75, which shows the range of what you can find at AFW.  They carry a wide selection of wines from all around the world as well!Needless to say, we were both feeling pretty awesome after our tasting and then we passed out on the couch for a few hours, hence not making it to the UYE at Fez (sorry guys)!AFW's staff is fantastic, knowledgeable, friendly, and fun... Jodie, the Sommolier is adorable, and she'll help you pair your meal with the perfect wine compliment.  Since I'm still learning about the basics of wine, the AFW team is helpful in articulating what it is I'm tasting, which I really appreciate.AFW is open to the public Tuesday through Saturday anytime between noon-6:00pm or by appointment.  You can stop by to pick up a bottle or three during this time.  If you're my BF, you can bring your lunch in and have a glass of wine to go along with it as well!I can't wait to go back when I'm sober to take advantage of their specials and fill our pantry.  (You can buy 6 bottles and get 5% off, buy 12 bottles and receive 10% off, and buy 18 bottles or more and receive 15% off!)A little birdy told me that starting in December, AFW will be having weekly tastings every Thursday from 5:00pm-7:00pm.  (Call to confirm).  Maybe I'll see you there!
5	WOW!!!A wesome women running this incredible shop;R eds that were a delight to the palate; C reative use of space;A ttentive staff to meet a customers every need;D elicious cheese that Dottsy picked up at Petit Fromage;I ncredible group of women to enjoy this event with;A fun evening that I look forward to re-creating!Arcadia, you inspire my creativity. You and your wine inspire my muse.
4	I met the good people at AFW though some business contacts involved with the Foundation I work for. Katherine is great and they not only take care of the customers, they are supporting our Foundation as well. I am a fan!
5	gotta be honest, i'm not a wine drinker, but came here to meet up with friends for a tasting. the space is sleek, yet cozy. the staff is friendly and very earnest and knowledgable in their wine presentation.
5	Best wine store here in the valley. Great staff, incredible selection. A good place to spend a few hours and do some wishful thinking! And of course drinking!
