3	Yes, gas stations need love too and since this Shell didn't have a review, why not? The second closet gas station to Uptown Charlotte. For that reason it should deserve 5 stars, but since it's a gas station it gets 3, as well as being busy all the time with it's corner location at East & South. There are some "characters" that are there from time to time, so I really never make it in the actual place as I'm a pay at the pump kind of guy. That said, it's a fully loaded convenience store/gas station. ATM, ice, beer, etc.
2	Yeah, I'm reviewing a Shell gas station. Why? Because this is the closest gas station to my house and yes, I've experienced better. The high points: As mentioned, it's conveniently located - South & East Blvd. They have gas. They also have ice and the typical soft drinks, snacks and other gas station expected items inside. The guys behind the counter have always been friendly.The low points: OMG the traffic getting in and out of here is redic...be super careful coming and going. The number of people trying to turn out of here *across* traffic on South or East boulevards borders on insane. As others have mentioned there are some shady characters that frequent this lot to do what looks like to be less than desirable business. And lastly, because of its convenient location, this gas station usually sells gas for at least a $.05-$.10 per gallon premium. I'll be back to this Shell...unfortunately.
2	The parking lot....sucks. Their gas prices are very competitive. I generally win about $5 on my $2 scratchoffs. The cashiers are just so "blah". I hardly ever get a smile, hi, bye, or anything.
5	This review is for the fried chicken - yes, at a gas station.I've never tasted such deliciousness in my life.  I've told 100s of people about the chicken here (and the equally tasty potato wedges).Thankfully I've moved away from CLT now, though - otherwise I'd be 300 lbs from nonstop stuffing-my-face-with-your-chicken.
4	I'm with John R on this gas station, fried chicken!!!  We stopped in for a 3 leg special with one side & roll to the tune of $5.49, served with piping hot, real mashed potatoes. Please and thank you, I also bought a lottery ticket, what if I win?  See you later, suckers!!!
3	This place is conveniently located around the corner from my apartment.Competitive gas prices and there walk in beer freezer is AWESOME.
