3	Great breakfast!  The rest of the menu however is average.
2	The To Go area resembles the final days of an amusement park eatery.  You ring a bell for service, you order food and beverages that are inline with the amusement park decor, in price and quality.  Wouldn't you know it, the service is the same too (As the employee handed me my order, I said thank you and she grabbed the singed receipt, closed and locked the window, without so much as a word).  I didn't expect much and tah-dah that is exactly what it was.
2	We ate here because of convenience and location. We were at the lake, hungry, and not ready to go home yet. They have an okay menu selection, but I would never go out of my way to go back.
4	Friendly staff, food turn around was quick. I recommend eating outside. The view of the lake and mountains are breath taking and adds a beautiful ambiance to the whole dining experience
4	I'm shocked, really shocked. The food was really good. I completely expected mediocre diner food but I was really surprised and happy with what we ate.My little guy got the pulled pork sandwich and fries and loved it. My bigger boy got the french dip and it was HUGE and wonderful looking - hoagie, tons of beef, covered in cheese ( I can't remember if it was mozzarella or provolone ) and onions, I think we had them hold the mushrooms or peppers I can't remember. It came with au jus and french fries. My husband got the rueben - rye bread, sauerkraut, swiss, thousand island and cole slaw on the side. Very good. I got the Gyro with greek salad. So fresh! Tons of cucumbers, tomatoes, tatziki (sp?) and the pita was so soft. Wonderful meat - great sandwich. The salad was big and super fresh. We were on the boat without food or snacks so we were really hungry but the food was genuinely good. The prices were a bit high everything seemed to start at $10. They had liver and onions on the menu and someone ordered it while we were there! Blast from my childhood! (that just aged me, didn't it?)We were boating so no drinking but everyone else sure was! Nice food, nice but clumsy service, never came back to ask how everything was - luckily it was good.
