3	Great place for breakfast and lunch. Perfect location for airplane watching and viewing the Las Vegas strip.
3	Ok food. Average Prices. Great Location on the second floor of the terminal. Floor to ceiling window views of the ramp and runway. Outside covered patio and a very nice bar. Its a nice place to go if you like watching airplanes and need a bite to eat.I should add that we were served by the most Friendly waitress Las Vegas has to offer. She was awesome, a person that just makes your day.
4	For the general aviation pilot, there are few airport eateries that really impress, but this place is one of the better ones I've come across.The food is surprisingly high on the quality. I had the club sandwich which was, as club sandwiches go, quite excellent. My buddy had the pastrami sandwich which he swore was one of the best he'd ever had.The service is good and usually quite friendly. The prices are pretty reasonable. The place is clean and nicely decorated, and the view is awesome.
4	Ready for something different, a bit say, average, but with a great view and great lookout for planes, try this place.Food - Had their breakfast , really nice and tasty. Great fruits, and all the healthy bits like cottage cheese and etc.  Lunch - Also had their sandwiches for lunch. Nice selection of breads. Not fancy, but pretty good overall.Drinks - Beer on tap. Nice. Didn't try one, but love restaurants that have bear on tap....Service, the team here is really great. They are high on service.Overall,  I plan to take my kids here. They will find something they like, but the view will be cool, and the odd solitude of the place will be actually fun too.
5	With floor to ceiling window views of the ramp and runway, this eatery, located on the second floor of the terminal at Henderson is a great place to dine before catching your flight. Inspired by everyday family cooking, the casual restaurant carries a friendly atmosphere, wanting their customers to feel at home. One can watch planes take off and land while eating a "Glide Slope" or "Spinner" omelet. Try a "B-17" or "Bomber" sandwich for lunch. You'll have a great time just reading the clever names on the menu.  Enjoy a glass of wine while sitting on the outside veranda overlooking the lights of the nearby Las Vegas Strip and breathe a sigh of relief and gratitude for a relaxing time without all the hassle and bustle of Sin City.
4	After my thrilling airplane ride with the nearby Sky Combat Aces, I stopped at the Henderson Executive Terminal to treat myself to breakfast at the Landings, the second floor restaurant in the terminal.I walked up the stairs, turned left, and there it was a few steps in front of me.  It was about 11 AM, and it was not at all busy.  The waitress told me to sit anywhere I wanted and since the patio was open, I went outside and sat there.The menu is extensive for breakfast.  I opted for the day's special, Eggs Benedict.  You have a choice of home fries or hash browns.  I opted for the home fries.Coffee was brought soon after I sat down and I was asked if I wanted something to drink.  It was refilled quickly, too!The Benedict was good except the eggs were a bit on the hard cooked side rather than soft cooked.  The Hollandaise was probably purchased rather than made on premises, but it had a good flavor.Service was excellent!  Denise was my server and she was a cheerful server who was very capable.  Sitting outside and having breakfast with a view of Las Vegas to my left and the Henderson Executive Airport and the McCullough Range straight ahead made a great breakfast stop!
1	12/15/12 Worst lunch I have eaten in years. Won't be back.  $43.00 RIP OFF.  Food was bad and uneatable.
4	Update 8/13/2013Adding another star. I went back again recently and enjoyed an excellent meal. They still need to learn more about what "well done" means with respect to French fries. ******Wow, how sad. :(This place was fantastic when it first opened a couple of years ago, but I thought I've noticed a steady decline. Today, I ordered a soft omelet, and crispy hash browns. Instead, I got a torched omelet, and flaccid hash browns.Just do like George Costanza, and order the *opposite*. Hopefully it will work out for you. The "extra" star is for convenience and ambience. I'm done.5/4/2013 - Not quite done. I was back a month or so, and had possibly the best Reuben sandwich I've ever had.  They didn't get the art of the well-done french fry down quite yet. I am raising another star because the owner had the class and professionalism to reach out and sincerely address my gripes. She really did care. Maybe another star in their future? I hope so; like I said, it was GREAT when they opened.
5	This place has good food but a great view of the airfield. I had a Ruben wrap. Never even seen that done before but it was really good. I was impressed with the flavor and I really liked it in the wrap. Also was a nice option of getting a side of fruit rather than just fries. My date, the pretty pilot, got chicken tacos but apparentl they dont have chicken so they brought beef. Was weird they never mentoned it but eiter way she was happy with it. Great place to eat and watch the planes coming and going before you hit the skies!
4	Neat location if you're out that way.  Nice little outdoor patio. Located on second floor of the terminal.  Not a ton of flight activity but got to watch a few jets come in and see the whale's deplane.Friendly attentive service. Not crowded. Group of 5. Everything got a thumbs up except the burger expert in our group gave the burger (the "$100" burger w/cheese) a thumbs down.  So don't expect gourmet on their burgers - just average. Sandwiches are well crafted. Great Reuben. Good salads.  A nice casual place to grab lunch at if you have a casual attitude without pretentious expectations.SOLID 4 STARS
4	I really enjoy watching the planes come in and out in this nice cafe spot. Food is decent and service is always prompt.
2	I liked the location, the service, and the view.Sadly, I was not a fan of the food - so much so that I can't even bump up to 3 stars.  I read previous reviews and decided the reuben was the way to go. I was disappointed. The Reuben wrap was extremely sour, nearly inedible. Even after removing the sauerkraut - something unidentifiable was horribly sour. My husband even tried it and he spit it out. I probably should have said something but I just wasn't in the mood to have it taken back. My husband's country fried steak was extremely small and the grey gravy looked right out of the can. The breading to meat ratio was a little off and it just wasn't what he expected. The prices were great but still -- our food was not worth the money. It felt like our bad visit was a fluke because there were quite a few regulars there that came in and chatted up the waitresses.Maybe it was an off day, maybe we it was our luck. Whatever it was I honestly can say it was not a good meal. My husband and I decided that if we do come back it will be for drinks by the window to take in the gorgeous view again.
1	Stopped in Sunday Morning to check out.  Service was very slow and all food taste like it was cooked in the same bacon grease. Waited forever for our food and it was horrible. First and last time for this place !!!!!!!
1	Not very good.  Soup was cold,  Chicken strips very low quality and not very tasty.  Most waitresses would notice if you didn't eat your $5 bowl of soup and ask if everything was okay, especially if they recommended it.  She didn't.  The vending machine downstairs would be a better choice for lunch.
5	Heading home from Vegas to San Diego and this was a random pick for breakfast as we wanted to avoid fast food. Excellent food, fast service and VERY reasonable prices. Cool atmosphere and worth the couple minute drive off the freeway. Even though this is an executive airport there is easy parking by the entrance and open to the public.
3	Service was good. We had breakfast dishes, and they were yummy. After some issues, they let us outside for drinks. Only 3 stars because it's a nice place for the views and drinks. The food is good, and a great accompany to the drinks. I will return to sit outside and enjoy the views. If they let me.
4	The restaurant environment was a very nice cafe looking directly onto the airfield, so that was nice.  As far as the food, it was perfectly fine.  Basically your standard short order kitchen.We went for breakfast on a Sunday and it was not crowded at all.  The coffee was very good.  I had the eggs Benedict and they were acceptable...nothing to write home about.  My wife had eggs and bacon and really loved the home style potatoes and cinnamon toast.We'd likely go back, perhaps in the evening, just to watch some planes taking off and landing while we eat.
5	It's cool to find a place that not everyone knows about. Who would have thought that there was a restaurant on the second floor of the Henderson Airport (which has no traditional security gates by the way) with a stunning view of the valley and scores of private jets. I discovered The Landings during a business lunch and while I was there, we got to talk at length with the owner Marie. It's a special experience when you get to meet the owner of a small business and see the passion and love for what they do every day. Although she had some great celebrity stories to share, she explained that most of her customers are local patrons. I was so eager to show off this hidden gem to my friends & family, that I brought all of them down for Marie's Sunday Brunch the following weekend before seeing a show at the Smith Center. Yes, it was a little out of the way, but it was worth the drive.A couple of things to know is that there is limited signage, so you just need to go the Henderson Airport. I learned this the hard way. LOL. They are only open until 4pm, so don't come for dinner, but the venue is open for private parties in the evening to enjoy views of the incredible LV valley sunsets behind the variety of private jets. Surprisingly, they have a bar with beer, wine & liquor.
5	Really nice folks and an excellent view, you get to enjoy a very good meal with airplanes flying around! What more could you ask! We eat there almost every time we fly into Henderson. As well when we stay overnight we drive to the airport and have breakfast there! Best to call for times, as I believe that they close at 4 pm on some days.
4	A cute little place with a sweet staff! We had breakfast there this morning and we were very happy with our experience. The view of the runway is very neat. You literally watch the planes go by your entire meal, and they have a nice view of the strip as well. For breakfast I had the short stack of pancakes with a side of fruit. The pancakes were so good it tasted like I was eating a slice of birthday cake without the frosting. I did however, wish they offered other flavors for the pancakes (our waitress did say the have them on special once in a while so hopefully they have them next time we visit). My boyfriend had the biscuits and gravy along with the rest of my pancakes, all of which he said were very good. We like that they make everything fresh here. We will definitely be back to try the lunch sandwiches!
5	My husband & I have been coming here for breakfast for over a year & enjoy not only the food, but the view of the airstrip & Julie the server! She seems to know almost everyone who comes in & is always welcoming & attentive. My husband usually has "the perfect landing" & I have the breakfast burrito or skillet. My special pleasure is watching the "Ace Combat" planes fly-especially the red one!
5	Nice, quiet little restaurant.  Sit back & watch the planes take off & land.  Food is pretty good.   Staff is very personable.
3	Yelp find. Thought it would be a cool spot for breakfast for my son's second birthday since he is showing interest in airplanes now. Upon entering we weren't sure if we had to wait to be seated or seat ourselves. There were no signs. Standing there looking like idiots much. Room had about 3 tables full. The lady comes out and she looked like she saw a ghost with her half ass smile. She said inside or outside and we wanted outside so baby boy can watch the airplanes. The shades were down inside. The food was mediocre. Came out lukewarm. Portion was small. At least my chili tasted home made. Lol I ordered "The Tower" omelette and my husband got an omelette too but I forgot which one. She didn't bother to give us or offer a kids menu (according to yelp they are kid friendly and with a kids menu) not even a drink for him. I would assume it was the owner everyone speaks of but I don't know why she was booboo face. Only about half way through our meal she tried to have some small talk/interaction with us and that was when she finally brought out our cup of fruit. I'm also going to say that the food took a little long but maybe not because we were so occupied watching the planes. It doesn't take that long to make an omelette. Maybe she was not receptive of us being there because we didn't fly in or out of the airport?!?! We live in the neighborhood and they had good reviews that's why we came in. Well, my son definitely enjoyed the view (so did my husband and I) and did not act up or run around like a crazy kid. I wish the restaurant itself was a lot better to go with the view.
5	Food is great, ambience is superb, & service is par excellence. My boyfriend is a pilot, so we love breakfast here, talking planes, & watching perfect take-offs & perfect landings.
5	A real find in Henderson!  If you enjoy watching private aircraft coming and going at an Executive Airport, there's no better place to do it than at The Landings.  A wonderful place to have breakfast or lunch while enjoying the view.  Marie and her staff of friendly waitresses always deliver all the great food with a smile.  Breakfast is my favorite time to be there and the Breakfast Burrito is outstanding.  Both the breakfast and lunch menus offer a wide variety of choices.  The regulars - many of them from Anthem - meet and eat in a neighborhood-like atmosphere, while mingling with pilots and passengers who frequent the Henderson Executive Airport.
4	Awesome view, great food fantastic company!  Highly recommend for brunch any day of the week.  Great for kids too....
5	I know other reviews have already said this, but wow, what a hidden gem!!!  Located on the 2nd floor at the Henderson Executive Airport, the view to the air strip is a rare find.  We sat out on the patio.  The area is a bit tight, but that's understandable.  Everyone wants to sit outside and who can blame them?  The weather is beautiful and the view is spectacular!  The food was quite delicious.  Everyone in our party enjoyed their food, so nothing to worry about there.  We also ordered the onion rings and they were soooo good!  This is coming from someone who usually does not like onion rings.  Try them! The fiance had the bloody mary with sriracha, and that was really yummy! Plenty of airplanes and helicopters took off from the airport while we were there.  It was definitely a fun and delicious experience. The patio would also be a great place for an intimate party. We are adding The Landings to our go-to breakfast place from now on.  Bring your family; bring your out-of-town guests; they will love it!
4	I'm a sucker for a random breakfast place. It gets me right in the feels.Landings is a prime example of this; small, a tad outdated, and the aroma of hash browns hangs heavy in the air. I chose this place based strictly on the randomness of it, not the food pictures or reviews. This place could of had a 2 star average rating and I still would have eaten here. I sat on the outdoor patio hoping to catch a glance of a few planes landing and maybe Danny Zuko himself, John Travolta, walking out and joining me for a cup of coffee. This didn't happen, but some food did. I went crazy and got the Chicken Fried Steak with eggs and hash browns. Pretty basic carb filled breakfast. Steak was cooked right, the eggs were fluffy and the hash browns to seared to a crispy perfection. I really can't complain about anything. Landings is a greasy spoon, but disguised as a nicer and cleaner eating venue. Great place for a low key meal and view of the strip. PRO TIP: Sunday is the only day they serve Eggs Benedict. Nummers!
5	Great atmosphere here, Marie the owner is usually there and great to chat with. Food is awesome too! I feel like i'm out of town at a great little secret place when i go here.
4	We decided to try a different spot for b-fast.  So we went here, it's on the 2nd floor.  We were greeted right away!  Ohhhh, I forgot our waitresses name.  But she was so sweet, she seemed like a southern gal!   We both ordered steaks, with eggs, hash browns, and toast.  We were not in a hurry, but I did notice another gentleman ordered after us, and his food came out first.  I think the steaks take a little longer!  It's all good we had no where else to go!  And it was a nice place to watch the planes take off.  I would say the food is pretty good!  I should have read the reviews though, I think I would have gotten the burrito.  Next time!  We really enjoyed the service and the fact it wasn't crowded.  The place is really cute and you can see in the kitchen, it was nice, one of the waitresses was wiping down the chairs, like all of them!  I've never ever seen anyone do this before!  So I like the fact they take pride in there place being clean!   Check it out for yourself!  I might see you there!
