2	This was an extra long haircut. It took almost 35 minutes to buzz my hair. I have no idea what this dude was doing with his clipper, but the buzzing kept going on and on through nearly two episodes of afternoon sports shows. It was one of those haircuts where you couldn't see what was going on because he faced you away from the mirror. Nothing was revealed until 30 minutes later and even then he didn't cut enough hair off. I had to get back in the chair for an additional buzz on top cause it was way too fluffy. Another weird part of this cut was that it was a silent haircut. The guy had no personality and did not say one word to me during entire 45 minutes there. It was my first time, but at least make some stupid conversation. Then, near the end of the haircut marathon, he broke out a straight razor (first time this ever happened). He claimed you can see black hairs behind the hair and thats why he used it, but he ended up leaving a few small cuts up in that ear area because he was clueless how to use the thing correctly. THe barber stations are also too close together. At $13 it was a reasonable price, but too bizzarre of an experience to return.
4	Great experience with Eli at Eli's Barbershop great haircut.. lot's of TV's and good music while you wait.
4	I'd almost give them 5 stars other than the barber made me bleed with the straight razor haha. Nothing crazy, but they did a really good bald fade. I was worried since I just moved here from Michigan.
3	they take their time, know what they're doing and are nice people- the downside is you can wait over an hour to get a cut...
1	Don't waste your time with this shop. I've been going to Eli's since they opened, but NEVER again. There have been ZERO improvements to the shop. In fact, it's gone steadily downhill. They only accept cash and they bilk you for an extra $2 bucks on Sundays! There are two guys, (Tony and Angel) who are excellent barbers, but you have to wait an ETERNITY to see them. There's a revolving door for the other seats and they're always noobs that will jack your hair up. Save your time and money and go to Frank's right down the street at 7th Street and Baseline!
