3	This is my neighborhood Chinese delivery place.  Sure, you can eat there too, but I think it tastes even better when I'm curled up on my sofa.They have a pretty good delivery area and their food is pretty darn tasty.  It's not as good as a few places that used to deliver to me in other parts of town, but considering my location, I need to be happy w/ what I have.  The prices are awesome.  That is definitely a bonus.  Ordering dinner there once often equals at least 2 dinners at my house, and often 2 dinners and a lunch.  The only advantage to going there, is that they have those cool drinks w/ the little tapioca balls in the drink.  I keep meaning to go by just to try one. I think they are called Boba drinks?  Hard to remember when I haven't gotten it and they aren't listed on their to go menu.  Anyhow, it's worth trying if you're in the neighborhood.  And if you like those drinks - I know there aren't too many places in Phx that have them yet.
3	As Kristin C. noted, this place is now called Canton Wong #8.  We tried Canton Wong for the first time last night, and based on our first experience, I think it warrants a solid 3+ stars.  We called in an order of Mongolian Beef, Sesame Chicken, Egg Fried Rice, and Crab (or maybe just Cream Cheese?) Puffs on the way home from our kickboxing class.  Kind of defeats the purpose of the kickboxing class, I guess, except that we probably would have eaten the Chinese anyway.I must admit that I was skeptical about Canton Wong #8 because of the location and the *extremely* low prices, and when the man on the phone told us that our order would be ready for pickup in 5 minutes, my skepticism grew.  Needless to say that when we arrived to find that the front door of the restaurant was locked, I started to think that I should have trusted my instincts and stayed away.Luckily, after beginning to follow arrows painted on the building around a dimly lit alley that led past the dumpsters, we heard someone opening the front door to let us in.  The inside of the restaurant is nothing fancy, but appeared clean.  Everyone working there was very friendly, and they also told us that they've expanded their delivery to include our development and others south of Dobbins.  Everything we ordered--which was more than enough to serve as dinner for two last night *and* lunch for two today--came to less than $20, and the crab/cream cheese puffs mentioned above came free with our order of more than $15.Relative to my expectations, the food was amazing.  Both the beef and chicken were high-quality, nothing was too greasy, and despite eating much more than I should have, I didn't feel gross after the meal.  Judged more objectively, the food was good but not great.  None of our dishes was particularly flavorful, and I was disappointed to find that the Mongolian Beef--billed as spicy on the menu--was utterly bland.These caveats aside, I'm thrilled to have found a solid neighborhood (Americanized) Chinese delivery place.  Note, too, that Canton Wong #8 has an unbelievable lunch special; entrees start at about $3.50, and combos pairing an entree with steamed or fried rice and an eggroll run a seriously affordable $4.15.Next time, I plan to ask for my food to be prepared extra spicy.  If Canton Wong #8 is able to oblige, it will definitely merit a 4th star.
3	I think that Myles and Kristin already said a lot of what you need to know about this sketchy-looking but oh-so-handy-to-have-nearby Chinese place, so I'll just hammer out the highlights:-Closed Mondays -Delivery area goes from 34th Street (E) to 35th Ave (W) and 1-17 (N) to Dobbins (S). Do note, though, that we live off of 19th Ave south of Dobbins (about 1 mile south of the southernmost boundary of the delivery zone) and they said that they would deliver to us without a problem, so definitely still try if you're just outside of the zone. -There is a $12 pre-tax minimum for delivery -Food is decent quality for the price and not as greasy as one would expect-Paper menus have some decent coupons on them. Best one gives you 10 free crab puffs or 3 free egg rolls with purchase of $15 or more-Lunch specials are ridiculously cheap (from $3.50 - $4.50 for entree and rice; $4.15 to $4.88 for entree, rice, egg roll, and crab puff) and are served until 3:30 pmDefinitely not worth driving to if you don't live in South Phoenix. However, if you do live in South Phoenix, this is a cheap and reliable Chinese dine-in, pick-up, and delivery place.
4	Hard to find delivery in south Phoenix except for pizza. We gave it a shot. We tried calling but it went straight to voicemail. Waited a couple of minutes and tried again. Delivery was an hour wait. We went for it anyways. They showed up 40 minutes late. The food was very good including the wait. we will definitely try again. I could tell they were busy. Very happy to have one more choice in south phoenix/lavern
4	First time trying this place and it was really good.  Was skeptical cause of the building, but the menu looked good and prices were reasonable.  Ordered take out and had a Orange Chicken Dinner special....portions were huge..lots of chicken...three times more than you would get at Panda express..the Sauce was not spicy at all...which was disapointing
5	I love this place! The workers here are super friendly ;) Delivery is always so quick and everything I've tried is yummy-yum!!
4	Considering that finding delivery in South Phoenix is nearly impossible, this place is a gem. We stopped in to get take out because they do not have an online menu, and we were rather pleasantly surprised by the quality and flavor of the food, not to mention the great prices... Under $4 for lunch??? Seriously!.  The staff was friendly and the food was quickly prepared and hot when we drove it home.  We would order from here again in a heartbeat.
4	I was pleasantly surprised that food was hot and delish each time.  I enjoy the combo rice minus pork, kung pao chicken and shrimp and the orange chicken made spicy.  My company also said the beef and broccoli was very delish.  I don"t live that far away yet delivery really takes the 35-40min wait they say...I like to think this has a lot to do with the hot fresh made when you order factor:)
4	Chinese delivery in south Phoenix, you betcha! Good food, ample portions, quick efficent delivery - my kind of place. I ordered the seasame chicken and potstickers, both were excellent and delivered while still piping hot.
3	We didnt feel like going out and decided to order in.  Compared to most delivery restaurants of this style, we were happy not to get a salt bomb for a meal.  Only quibbles were ordering two larges and only getting one rice and their online menu not being accurate with regards to pricing.  Good flavor on the Kung pao.
4	Arrived on time, still hot. Cream puffs were still crisp.  My daughter ate all of it and she's five. I got teriyaki chicken and a large orange chicken and cream puffs. Less than 20 Bucks! Yummy too! We still have a good sized helping or two for leftovers
4	If I have to order for delivery, my choices are limited. I try not to order pizza, because the pizza in Arizona sucks. With that said, I love to order Chinese, and this place not only delivers on time, but with good prices and great food. If you order over 20 dollars, the delivery is free, and that is a bonus. I love their egg rolls, always hot and a great taste. Did I mention the rice is never dry and old? Friendly service, and fast on time delivery makes this place my favorite for Chinese delivery.
4	Cheap and delicious!  Can't beat that.
4	It's always hard to try out a new Chinese place but tonight we decided to take a gamble and ordered take out. The kids and I tried out the dinner combinations (orange chicken & sweet and sour pork) that also came with fried rice, lo mein, an egg roll and crab puffs. The portion size was huge!! The food was good for the price and amount given. We all kind of wondered where the crab was in the crab puff but it was a good fried wonton with cream cheese inside. My SO ordered the orange chicken dinner which came with steamed rice. It was just about the same price but nearly as much food. He was drooling over the rest of our plates and he is the only one who does not have any leftovers. I'm sure we will order again only next time I think we will try the delivery service.
5	Good Chinese delivery!!
1	I WILL NOT eat here ever again!!! I used to love this place great specials, delivery and good chinese food. The last and final time I ordered from here I got my delivery order and found a handful of baby roaches in my chow mein, that was 3 years ago. I have not eaten here since and I never will return
4	Hands down best Chinese food in phx! Might be a far drive but you won't be sorry.  Portions are enough for two days and satisfy any craving for REAL Chinese food.
4	I got delivery today for my daughters sleepover birthday party.  I was impressed and so were the kids and adults.  I wanted to get a big variety so that each child could have something they enjoy.  We had:Beef with Broccoli - $7.50 (the large size was smaller than other items)Bean Curd Family Style (veggie) - $6/25 (large size smaller than others but pretty tasty)Fried Wonton (10) - $3.15 Cream Puff (10) - kids really liked - gone right awayCashew Chicken - $6.99 (large size smaller than others)Orange Chicken - $6.99 - seriously huge and the first thing to be eaten all goneTeriyaki Chicken - $6.99 - huge and very popular itemVegetable Fried Rice - $5.59 (large size smaller than others)Vegetable Egg Foo Young - $6.75 - huge and delicious.  kids weren't impressed but i wasVegetable Chop Suey - $6.55 (large size smaller than others) This wasn't my favorite item2 Vegetable Chow Mein - $6.55 - huge and the kids loved it.  both big ones were gone fastChicken Fried Rice - free for spending $25 with coupon on their website.  One little girl loved it.Total bill was $82.97 to feed 13 kids and 4 adults with tons of leftovers in the fridge.  Great deal!  Took 45 minutes for delivery on a Saturday night at 4:30 PM.
5	My favorite go-to for lazy days when I don't want to cook. The whole menu is AWESOME i try something different all the time and I am NEVER disappointed.
4	We ordered take out from here for the first time today.  Food was pretty good, prices are totally reasonable, and they have a lot of choices.  Will definitely go back
4	Decent food, when in the mood for Chinese I go here. Sometimes I even have it delivered. Food is good and service is great.
5	Great food. Always ordered delivery. Very nice people and have never had a problem. Quick service! Small or large parties can order from here and everyone loved the food.
1	Tried to call in order. Girl who answered the phone seemed lost and requested we be place on hold. (Hold as in place on counter and left to hear their personal conversations for over 5mins) Another women picked up seemed even more confused than the first on what we trying to do (how hard is we'd like to place a to go order). Finally gave up hung up on them and called our normal place just down the street from them. So much for trying something new.
1	They will not deliver past 4 miles. I pulled up delivery and there name came up. I was so excited. I gave them a call they asked for my cross streets. I told them and the kid that answered the phone said we can't deliver that far out. I then called back to ask for a manager. He said they are to busy to deliver that far.
1	I was desperate for Chinese today and I found a spot that delivered,  so I was super amped. I have never tried this spot before, so I was a little apprehensive,  but nonetheless,  I went for it. The lady who took my order was pleasant and the food came to us very fast, but as soon as I opened the door to receive my food,  I got a whiff of a strange smell. Not the wonderful smell of good quality Chinese,   but some straight gutter,  low quality ish. I opened the bag and the smell of old grease and burnt food hit my nostrils. I order veggie fried rice,  veggie egg rolls and fried chicken wings.  And all of it smelled old af.  I made sure I said a prayer before I ate the food.  The egg rolls tasted like cinnamon fried something, so pretty much... I was eating everything that they fried the the food in,  so basically I got a  Chinese food bonus,  everything I ordered plus the free taste of old fried desert... It's my lucky day!  The Rice had the same fried,  sweet,  dirty taste.  I threw all of it away, and the  chicken was greasy af... So greasy I could use it on the creaky  door hinges in my house, enough to shine your shoes,my shoes and even  enough grease to use on my face so I can prepare for battle and give them a straight up ass whopping for serving this disgusting food.  I abhor this place,  and so should you.
1	Horrible food. Ended up tossing $25 worth of food because it didn't taste right. The meat was hard and didn't taste great, the crab puffs were soggy and the egg rolls were kinda cold. Never will order from here again.
5	My favorite neighborhood Chinese dive.  Don't let the looks fool you - the owners are friendly, the food is good, and there's plenty of it.  I always tell myself I'm going to try something new, but I just can't ever get past the Kung Pao Two, which is my favorite (the owner always knows what I'm getting before I even order).  I've tried a taste of other dishes when there with my sis & her family, and have never tasted anything I didn't like.  Oh, and the egg rolls are PERFECT (at least I think they are).
