3	Ain't the cheapest spot.Food is above average.Wins for aesthetic.
4	Country French cuisine served in a neo-industrial setting in waterfront Old Montreal? Throw in an expansive outdoor area, fantastic service and one of the best restaurant musical selections I have heard make this a fantastic experience.Simple elegant cuisine (salads, pates,  cured cheeses, beautiful breads, roasted meats)I feel horrible for forgetting the owners name, as he was exceptionally gracious. Great bar as well.My only regret is I didnt have time to come back.
5	loved it.  fit for foodies! didn't strike me as country french.  It's more refined.  We had octopus brochette, a meat tartare and a salmon tartare, veal brochette and magret of goose (and a leg) for two that was beautifully presented and perfectly executed.  There was a good selection of nightly specials.  Perfect service.  Right on the Old Montreal waterfront and steps away from vibrant St Paul street. Modern decor, whimsical soft lighting over the bar, romantic.
4	Went here pre-New Year's eve on a recommendation I read from another review aggregation service.  I was with a loved one who has been to France (lived there for a year) and the overwhelming consensus was -- tres bon.  The purees here were amazing ( I mean who doesn't love lots of butter?)  We had a carrot puree that was simply out of this world.  The only downside (at least for me) was the appetizers we had were a bit small of a portion.  Maybe I'm an overstuffed American, but I like a few extra morsels with each starter.  Otherwise, fantastic.  And it's close to the water.  A great visit any time of the year.
4	A fantastic French bistro in the heart of the Old Port, Communion is bright, classy and intimate, perfect for a group of friends or loved ones. The name, which makes you think of a dark, gloomy church, is nothing like the actual decor. It's a modern take on the classic French bistro.The idea behind Communion is centered around sharing. You share your meal, your table, even the bathroom. It was a surprise to us, but we loved the unique spin on restaurant dining.We went for Sunday brunch and it was fabulous. We shared the Eggs Benedict (which they call Almost Benedict), which was two poached eggs per person, plus a platter of smoked salmon, duck confit, goat cheese, grilled tomato and sauteed spinach. To start the meal, we were served a large basket of homemade bagels and French baguette, topped with fresh, housemade jam. Fresh squeeze orange juice and Japanese green tea were the perfect accompaniments to our delicious meal. To top the whole experience off, I am gluten-free and dairy-free and they were incredibly accommodating. Of course, I didn't eat the bread, but instead of the bread that they served with our eggs, they made me a gluten-free buckwheat crepe and held the milk to make it dairy-free as well. It was totally perfect and I will definitely go back (this time for dinner) next time I'm in Montreal.http://queenofquinoa.blogspot.com@alyssarimmer
2	Great beer, chic decor, yucky cabbage dish which was over priced. Avoid that dish at all cost!
3	Good brunch, but the service was slooow. We ordered drinks and food on the patio, which was nice, but it took a half hour to even get our drinks.  I'd give it another shot based on the patio.
5	Great food. Great service. Great surroundings.
2	Most expensive brunch in the history of brunch.
4	I've been in this place often for their happy hours, but never for their Brunch.Yesterday I tried their brunch with low expectation reading the reviews, but I found it quit acceptable! Yes  there is nothing exceptional but my egg Benedict was well prepared and loved the spinach and salmon coming with it. They also serve very good coffee!And most importantly they have a great wine list you can have with you brunch ... why not .. :)
4	Stopped in for a coffee and they were cool enough to let us in despite closing for lunch. Tasty coffee, great spot facing the water. Would go there for a bite next time I'm in town.
4	One of the best meals we've had this year, and we're from Philadelphia. Excellent all around. Seemed like the staff was getting in the weeds with a private party and full bar, but smiles and friendliness always go a long way.
2	Where there for a glass of wine around 10 pm. We ordered oysters. We saw the food that was served at the other tables; smelled good, looked good just like you would expect it to be when going through the menu. The place is nice too. Nice location  Everything was pushing us to reserve for this place for our next date night. But... service sucked. Too bad. I'll try it again as I always give a second chance
2	I would honestly say 2.5 because the service was good it was really just the food that was mediocre. The idea of this place is really unique but ridiculously overpriced. They serve meals in a family style way but at $18-$22 per person per menu item you must be kidding. I had the monte Cristo sandwich and sadly it was extremely underwhelming. The bread was weirdly sweet, I'm not sure why. If you've read any of my reviews you'll know I do like sweet and savory brunch but this wasn't a good sweet and savory. The ham to cheese ratio was totally off, the bread looked well cooked but had literally no crunch at all, the cheese wasn't melted and the ham was cold in the middle.. Not cool. I'd definitely keep an eye out for somewhere better.
5	This is the best terrace of the old Montreal!The food is amazingly fresh, and I love the brownie !!! every time, I come, there are different types of cocktails and the view is quite exceptional. I like the staff, Vincent is cool and he always have great suggestions for the menu. This place make me feel on vacation and as long as the weather continues to be good, I will not miss a chance to go back every week.
2	It's supposed to be a great place for brunches, but I've only tried the lunch menu. Overall the food is OK, but the servings are very small. The guys I went with must have eaten a snack right after. The fish course is always well prepared, but I tried a grilled veggie salad that was so disapointing (grilled onions, carrots and cauliflower with basically nothing else than a poached egg...kinda boring). It has a great terrace, so I'll most probably be back but just for drinks and oysters, or maybe brunch.
1	Is this place open? Arrived at noon. The sign on the door said the hours begin at 11:30. But the door was locked and there was no sign of life inside.
2	Communion has a good location in Old Montreal, that is about the only highlight for it.The food is okay, nothing great.  Service is fairly atrotious.  After spilling water on us, our waitress never came back to take our order (or apologize)... We had to flag down someone to finally place an order and he seemed irritated that after 30 minutes of sitting with our waters (both on us thanks to our waitress and in the glass in front of us) we actually wanted to order.I love Montreal, I love everything about it... except Communion.  There are A LOT of places with great views and ambiance in this part of the City, I wouldn't go back to and waste my time at such an underpar establishment.  Pass it up and keep walking.
5	Had the best service ever. Good food, good wine. Great location, right in the heart of the Montreal Old Port. Cool ambiance, very hearty. The staff was very nice with us. Perfect dinner. Amazing place.
1	What an awful experience.We have been in line for 30 minutes. While waiting we saw the host taking forever to seat people (we counted at least 5 empty tables outside only) and the slowest servers in history (2 guys to clean up 1 table with 1 tray, picking up a glass at a time while talking and laughing with each other). It was finally our turn and, I guess a manager, shows up to tell us that it's 2.30pm and that they don't serve food anymore.How about the courtesy to warn all of the people that were in line for 30 minutes?!??!Seriously, the technique of having people waiting outside forever to create the "buzz" or the "cool place vibe" is old and in disuse Communion!!Successful places around the world focus on great food and great service nowadays...that's what make them "cool".There are a bunch of other places in the city of Montreal...do yourself a favor and explore one in which they treat you with RESPECT!
5	Very enjoyable brunch on the patio. My wife had the Sante with some small blueberry pancakes, poached eggs, spinach salad, and a yogurt parfait. I had the salmon Benedict - perfectly done. Tasty Bloody Marys too.
1	Came here for some drinks and a bite to eat. Sat on the patio, the server came and took our drink order. It took a while to get our drinks and then when we finally got them we never saw the waiter again. My husband had to go into the restaurant to order another beer from the bartender. Still the server never came to check on us. Never asked us if we wanted food. Nothing. This may be a record for the worst service ever. Which seems silly considering there are dozens of other restaurants and patios in Old Montreal to choose from. Do yourself a favour and skip this spot.
5	Ordered crab cakes eggs Benedict amazing. Had a bite of salmon eggs Benedict also amazing. Great food all around.
4	Perfect brunch spot in old port Montreal. Great place to stop and eat for a day of walking around. Endless mimosas till 3pm isn't bad either!
5	The food was lovely, and the service was great. It made for a lovely Saturday brunch.
5	One of the most amazing brunch place and most delicious brunch ever in town! Read more on http://theforbiddenmeal.com/2014/10/26/communion-an-intimate-spot-in-the-old-montreal/
4	Stopped in, tired and hungry, on a sunny summer weekday afternoon for a late lunch. The terrasse is nicely sized and has plenty of space and shade - we were seated immediately and the server was helpful if a bit aloof (there may have been a slight language barrier). I had a Pimm's cup which was very delicious and my date had a tasty weissbier from a Quebec microbrewery (Alchimiste, I believe).I had the steak tartare which was just delicious, peppery and citrus-y with a healthy dose of red onions and capers, served up on a bed of delicate greens and with fresh crunchy crostini. Date got the lobster roll which was heaped with claw meat on a buttery grilled roll, low on filler and served with a side of greens and vinaigrette. All over a wonderful view of the waterfront.
