5	I'm like a new man since discovering Jesse Ferrell, LMT and his AZ Massage Spa.This guy is amazing!  I get at least two, if not three massages a month and each time my body is so relaxed it is all I can do to get back in my car and face the real world.  That hour on his heated table is absolute BLISS.Jesse is one of those Massage Therapists that really knows how to connect with his clients.  He knows just what my body needs at that moment and uses just the right amount of pressure.  I never have to worry about leaving his table with a knot or kink...they've been completely worked out.
5	by far the best massage i have had in Years, Techniques are amazing, his skills far surpass the advertisements. . the next day i felt amazing!
5	Jesse James Massage is for anyone demanding the best of their body. The JJM method is a whole-body treatment process designed to release the muscles and relieve chronic pain (especially the kind that comes from sustained hours of working at a computer all day). You will experience mental clarity, focus and fluid movement in your body in the days following your session. I personally think the JJM method promotes the body's ability to heal itself (my evidence being that I have hardly been sick since starting working with JJM over the last almost 2 years). I continue to work with Jesse James Massage because their methodology is improving my body's performance (which I LOVE because I am in my 40's now and I only want to get better and stronger!).
5	I've had two sessions of the Jesse James Method and it is like nothing I've ever had as far as bodywork/massage is concerned. I have a lot going on in my body and my mind. I hold a lot of emotion and stress in and this method is amazing in letting that go! The therapist are caring and supportive but yet get the job done! I'm on my way to feeling like a 20 year old again :)
5	Jesse James is amazing and now he has added a new massage therapist named Evan. Evan was amazing! He really made me feel very comfortable and explained everything he was doing and it all made complete sense. His type of massage was something I have never experienced before. I would recommend a massage with Evan!
5	Jesse James massage was exactly what I was looking for...relief from pain, and a move towards mind-body health. You won't be disappointed...and I'll be his new regular!
5	I'm in from out of town for USA Volleyball Nationals. Over the last few days my right knee had developed really painful tendonitis. Through a referral I found Jesse, he made room in his schedule to see me.Jesse made me hurt in new and unusual ways. I left his shop with the ability to move my knee freely without pain or restriction. He does absolutely amazing work.If I lived in Phoenix, I would be a regular customer. Thanks Jesse! Now lets see about bringing home a gold medal...
5	One of the best massages I have ever had but the most important thing about Jesse is he really cares about his clients and getting to the real cause of the problem.You do just get a massage with Jesse
5	Yay! for AZ Massage Spa.  Hands down (no pun intended) Jesse James Ferrell provides the best massage and body work I've experienced.  The smoothies are awesome, too.  Highly recommended!!!
5	I no longer have to wear a brace on my hand!  I now have full mobility - without pain in my right hand.  I was told by Drs to start cortisone shots; out of desperation, I went to Jesse.  He has transformed my hand and released stress I never knew I was carrying!  I am a regular customer!  Thank you Jesse!
5	I came to see Jesse after working for more than 3 months to alleviate pain from a workout injury.  That was 3 months of chiropractic care, acupuncture, ART therapy, D.O. adjustments, tens machine treatments, foam rolling, acupressure... you name it, I tried it.  Nothing worked.  With relief starting after treatment #1, by the time I hit the 4th session, I felt like a new person.  Jesse is intuitive to your body's needs and has a fantastic personality to boot.  I can't recommend him enough!
5	This is a true wellness healing center! Nestled in a perfect location, with several surrounding eatery's it's a gem!  I went in with a level 8 pain in shoulder, hips and lower back from old motor vehicle accidents, etc.  I've tried EVERYTHING including 2 chiropractic procedures under anesthesia and still have pain.  In one session with Jesse my pain dropped to a 2 and gets better by the day.  Jesse brings so much love, knowledge and intuitive talent it's almost indescribable!   With all his powerful modalities, cupping, aromatherapy, body work, energy etc. you get exactly what you need.  Jesse knows what your body needs even if you don't.  He is bringing health to individuals and the community with his center.  Workshops, smoothies, community, healing... it's ALL here!  I'd chill, work or hang out in his lounge any day over Starbucks!  His team is just as loving, caring and energetic.I've known Jesse for years and never came to him for services!  Now I'll never go anywhere else for massages and healing work.  Don't wait... your health is too precious!
