4	I knew Willow House back in the days when it was a pet store.  It serves its neighborhood purpose and that purpose is good.
1	I'm sorry, but this place is just plain skanky.  I am all about supporting local businesses...  so long as they are clean, have a pleasant staff, and a good concept.
2	I would love to love the Willow House.  I really want to, it's downtown and local.. I just can't.  Dirty, bad coffee, rude staff, horrible art on the walls, plus I can't go here without running into a student of mine.  It all adds up to only 2 stars.  I'm sorry Willow House, I really do want to love you, I just can't.
2	Willow house is architecturaly charming, however it has no other redeeming qualities. They coffees are ones you more or less settle for. Pasteries as mediocre as the people who go there- all of whom are scenesters. It could be nice if it weren't so scene. That and perhaps better coffee.
4	This place deserves four stars for the eclectic and eccentric qualities. BUT!!! I take away one star because I always turn south down 3rd Avenue forgetting its a one way street. Now, my only defense is that I am mostly hung over when I go here, so I know not which way I drive but that I am going towards the great heavenly beacon known as the coffee house vibe. Is it me, or does everyone recover at a coffee house??      Willow has got what it takes to make the place stick in anyone's imagination. From Dia de los Muertos Sugar Skulls to strange nic nak oddities being sold, this place has consumer crap to wrap your hands around in addition to the coffee! Nightly, they have a projection screen and show indie films and again other eclectic big screen oddities .        Toss out your super large flat screen TV....well dont, and head down to Willow House for some cozy big screen movie watching complete with the aura and mystic of your favorite coffee beverage.
5	I grew up with it so I love it.But the people who go there are fairly annoying, especailly when they talk really loud about art, trying to sound artistic.I actually like the coffee, Abbott. Not the best, but I like the mexicali.I wish they would serve Dim Sum.
2	Willow house is... what's the word? Oh yeah... super-frightening. It's a Clive Barker-esque nightmare house that serves overpriced coffee and smells of bad incense. The staff have never been friendly to me and that's part of the reason that I quit going. The coffee isn't bad, but I've had better.For the life of me I can't figure out why the patch of grass out front is always crawling with people at 10 o'clock at night. It must be some sort of ritualistic vampire ceremony... or it could be the wifi.
4	I've been putting off a review of Willow House because it's like examining your childhood to me.  Do we want to admit that things have changed?  Can we let go of the goals and dreams we had?  Are we willing to see it with new perspective, or will it always be remembered the way we experienced it then?I've decided I'm not willing to let go.  My favorite Willow House times were before the grass and the bubbling fountain.  Before the new display case that totally cut down on the goodies they offer, but gave them more storage space behind the counter.  Before it was taken over by AA meetings.  Back when there was a whole living room set, in the living room - instead of just more tables.  Back when there was a "take a book, leave a book" section that was always fascinating to peruse.  Before they painted on the smiley/funky faces all around the top edges, and then years later painted over them in an effort to update their looks.  But I still like it now too.I still see echos of my Willow House now and then.  When the crowd at the poetry night isn't too loud (We didn't use microphones! Who needs microphones? Wimps.).  If someone outside is strumming an acoustic guitar.  When the banter while ordering is just so.  Or when on a quiet afternoon mid week you see folks hiding out in the small rooms working hard on a term paper - though now it's with laptops instead of our pile of books and note paper. (Dang it makes me feel old) I think the coffee/chai/italian sodas are all pretty good.  The desserts aren't as good now as they used to be, but they aren't bad.It's not a fancy spot, but it's a great neighborhood coffee shop.  And for some folks, it's a destination spot.  And for those of us who grew up with it, its just a soft spot in our hearts.
2	Okay.  I really, really wanted to like the Willow House.  When I moved here from Tucson, I was looking for an establishment that would replace the coffee shop that I grew up with, called The Safehouse.  Most people told me that the Willow House was the place to go.Now, this might have been unfair for the Willow House, because of my enduring, unrequited love for the Safehouse, but I still tried so very hard to enjoy it.The coffee is, truthfully, substandard.  Anything requiring more complex preparation then a cup of hot water not only takes exceptionally long to prepare, but then is prepared without any thought to quality.  I don't expect coffee to stand up and assault my taste buds, but I usually expect it to stand out in some fashion.  A local establishment without any redeeming qualities against a Starbucks isn't someplace that I'd recommend for a cup o' joe.I didn't sample much of the food, only a sandwich or two, but what I did order was adequate.  The portions were good, although a little overpriced for what you receive, but still tasty and filling.But the main clencher for me was, you guessed it, the clientele.  Swarming with a variety of age groups and earning brackets, it really seemed like a good place to mingle and try to meet people.  I was ready to overlook it's other downfalls in favor of this one redeeming quality, until I actually met some of them.I'm not a snob, but I prefer intelligent conversation.  If you sit down to play chess with someone who is sitting there with a chess set, I'd hope that you'd bring something to the table other then an easy victory for me.  Even if you do lose, that doesn't give you leave to pick up my king side bishop and toss it under a couch.  Also, bathing is nice.These could've been isolated incidents, but I couldn't go here without something of this ilk happening.  Maybe I'm just outgrowing establishments like this.  But still, in my honest opinion, Willow House doesn't deserve more than a two of five.
2	Willow House is really stinky, like garbage stinky. What's up with that?Free wifi is cool, and the coffee is standard. AA meetings go on there, so that may be why there's that bizarre nightly influx of patrons late into the night. The food is downright putrid, but it gets 2 stars for having survived this long, even with that godawful stink.
2	It's a shithole but I go there because I (less and less) because  live close and the WIFI is free. I like LUX  a lot better and am more and more likely to make the trek.Every night is either lesbian folk music night, open mic night which seems to attract talentless unbathed losers, or 12 step biker gang night.I lifted up the toilet seat to pee one time and a roach scurried out from underneath. WTF? Don't eat food there. The roach probably ran right from the dirty toilet rim right to the kitchen for a snack.  Imagine if someone had sat down instead and the roach crawled up on them right between their legs? Shiver at the thought.I work at home a lot and sometimes go there during the day for the free iced tea refills and wifi, just to get out of the house. Less and less as I trek over to LUX a lot more now which is clean and has a clientle that aren't mouth-breathers.
2	I'm going to go ahead and say this place sucks. This place claims to be a "Seattle style coffee shop". After living in Seattle for a few years, and hitting every coffee spot in the city at least once, I think I can fairly comment on that. First off, the coffee is pretty good. It's definitely Seattle style coffee, though realistically not up to Seattle standards at all. That's alright, this is a coffee shop in Phoenix, where there are few (if any) shops that actually hold up to the quality of Seattle coffee. What really rubs me the wrong way, and definitely doesn't fit in with the Seattle element, is the service and staff at this place. I don't want to say this is the case with everyone that works here, as Ben and DJentrification (sorry I don't know your real name) have always been awesome whenever I've gone in, but the majority of people that work here are really stuck up. Maybe this should be stated another time and another place, but:Dear Phoenix hipster:You really aren't that cool. You just got into riding fixed gear bikes six months ago when anyone that lives in a real city knows it's been the only way to go for years. You just got into "anarchist folk punk" and "psychadelic freak folk" when all the cool kids have moved on to snorting coke and dancing naked in clubs to Yelle. You are behind. You really are not hip. If you lived in a real city (which hopefully Phoenix will become) you would not be considered hip. You would be considered what you are, a stuck up prick.Sorry for the rant, but that leads me to the reason this is NOT a Seattle style coffee shop. In Seattle, there will be actual "hip" people working at the shop. These people will actually respect culture, art, fashion, design, music, and all the other "cool kid" shit. However, these people do not act above you. I get service when I get coffee in Seattle. In this place, I get treated like I'm not worthy of standing in the shitty old house that looks/smells like the staff cleans it once every six months.I brought my mom here once after spending a day with her at the art gallery. We wanted to get a quick cup of coffee before I headed back to my apartment and she headed back to Mesa. While ordering the guy working the corner had a stupid smirk on his face the whole time and was rude to my mom and was way too pushy with trying to get her to decide what she wanted. He was making some comments to the girl that was working with him and they would look over at her and I and laugh. Look guys, I'm really sorry I'm not still stuck in teenage-angst mode and working for the local shitty coffee shop at 25. I value my moms time and will not put up with you treating her like shit. If this was an isolated incident, I wouldn't even take the time to post this review. But this is the consistent attitude of the people that work at this place. I don't know if the management or owners are aware of this (or even worse, are the same way), but they should probably take a look at who they're hiring and the image it promotes about their business. I'm not shocked at all that this place moved to a far shittier location. A place that provides this level of service doesn't belong in such a beautiful neighborhood. Hopefully the historic house can be used for something other than housing a punch of pricks jerking eachother off over their latest 7" scores. Two stars for the coffee being pretty good whenever I've gone. The coffee is far better at Lux and Drip anyways.
