4	No, really. It's a place that sells just firewood. I kid you not. It's one of those businesses you didn't really know you needed, until you needed it. We bought a house last Spring, equipped with a fireplace. Around Christmas time, we wanted to light it up for the friends and family who would be staying with us. I've always used the bags of wood they sell at convenience stores. But I noticed this place along my daily commute -- a firewood place -- and decided to check it out.It's basically just a fenced in lot with a shelter that functions as the office, and huge piles of cut wood and several wheelbarrows of bagged logs. Some men were busily sawing hunks of  wood into more manageable logs, and tossing them into the piles. The logs are divided by tree type, and priced differently. I remember seeing pecan, orange wood, juniper, pine, and hardwoods, among others. The man in charge helped me choose what I needed -- a combination of juniper to get the fire started and for the scent, and some hardwood to make it last a long time. One of the guys who was sawing loaded three huge bags of wood into my truck for me.The prices were a bit higher than at the convenience store. But I feel like it was a good investment and will definitely go back when we run out.Oh, and you can also buy jerky there too. I hear it's really good, but haven't tried it myself.
3	I was sick and tired of buying convenience store wood... It burns up way too quick, and is usually $5 or more a bag, to boot. After a quick swipe of the ol' iPhone i found Glowing Embers, just down the street a ways from my house. There's a certain manly aspect to shambling through the woodpile, getting your hands dirty, and then going home to build a fire.Their selection is fantastic, REAL hardwoods that take a nice amount of time to burn down. The staff was real friendly, although one of the dudes working there was pretty scary in that prison-tattoo-make-sure-you-lock-the-car sorta way.They measured my buddy's pickup truck and did some quick calculations, saying that to fill up the bed it would be $160. Since I didn't have that much cash on me they instead directed me to a roll away cart that we could fill up to the line myself for $86. We went for the cheaper option, and I honestly don't think we could have fit another $70 worth of wood into the truck, but I suppose I could be wrong. You DO have to pay for better wood to burn, and it's not exactly plentiful in the middle of the city.I don't think I'll need another truckload anytime soon, but I do think it's definitely worth the drive when you look at what you get versus what's available at the gas station or even Home Depot.I'll probably be back for a big bag or two before winter is over.
