3	Where to start ... This place kinda sucks!!!Having said that .. I keep going back for the same reason.. Food is dirt cheap ( 8oz streak, potatoes,  veggie, and bread for only $4.99 and here is the kicker.. It's actually tasty. Everything is pretty much under 10 bucks.. Fish and chips 4.99 .. Wings and fries 3.99 for a small order... Philly cheesesteak 4.99. Again it's all greasy and super unhealthy. They also have pretty inexpensive beer.. They used to have miller high life bottles for 1 buck... I think thy recently went up to 2 dollars.. The bad things about this place.... It's in a seedy, smelly ghetto casino... We call it the silver nuggets dungeon , since they are sister casinos and they basically staff the opera house casino with employees they want to punish..... For a while customer service was horrible.. New waitress all the time, they were angry, upset, and clearly did not want to be at opera house taking orders from hungry customers.  A couple of times we had napkins, ranch or hot sauce pretty much thrown on the table... Some days you really are not welcome there!The clientele is sometimes just as bad ... I think a lot of the people that come in are on drugs or drunk or both ... Several times they are flat out screaming at the cooks, the waitress , their dinning partners .. .. And even having conversations/ arguments with themselves ...  I've seen lots of people exposing themselves while sitting down or getting up.. To drunk to care or notice I guess..So bottom line if your broke and want dinner and a show... This place might be the one for you! Quick note.. There is always broken glass in the parking lot.... Be careful !
5	I  eat here alot the food is good and cheap.  The 16oz Tbone  is $5.99 was a bargain
3	Not what I expected...I agree that the food is cheap and good. However I don't know what is going on here I am pretty darn sure that the person who takes you order is the server, cashier, and almost everything else. (except the chef)I feel bad because she has to do everything maybe they can't afford to hire one more person idk. The reason for me mentioning this is because the service can be a little slow thus creating conflict.The food is good and cheap as I mentioned if you feel you have nothing better to do and are on a budget I would definitely come here.
1	Started the adventure around a year ago. Food and service so bad my husband complained and received a comp. We didn't want to go back there, so we redeemed it at their sister property, Silver Nugget . Tried again @ Opera House 2 wks ago, hubby was reeled in by 16oz t-bone for $5.99. Bad decision. Steak coated in pepper. Returned that and hard as nail potato. Results in another comp, $15 this time. Entire time , mgmt horrified their staff is that horrible. We take my father, probably for amusement value @ this point. Green beans are not seasoned, at all. We ask for them to be sent back, seasoned. Waitress brings back, in same bowl , with pepper liberally shaken on. I know this is a ghetto- fabulous casino, but pepper on everything ? We inform the manager, whom has  a pow wow w kitchen staff . They smugly inform us we are no longer welcome. As if...I invite the manager to sample the green beans. She declines , stating she, the 90 lb skinny broad is not picky about her food. It's obvious the food that goes down her gullet passes stringent tests, unlike the employees she hires or the food they serve. Better off  as a snack bar.
5	Wow at these reviews!Yes, this place is ratchet. It's in an interesting part of town. I like it though, it's a very different feel from the strip. I come here to play bingo because I have a better chance at winning. Sometimes hardly anyone is there, unlike the packed bingo halls everywhere else. I haven't tried the food here yet, but that's mostly because there's an awesome BBQ place across the street. I also come here to use the William Hill kiosk because there's always no line. I would be considered a regular here and nobody bothers me, which is a big plus. Sometimes the men in Vegas can be a little pushy but I never have issues. The security always speaks to me which I think is nice. I don't play slots so I can't say if you win alot, but I do see the same faces so that says something. I will definitely keep coming back.
