4	We took over Lucky Strike Lanes for our private party. Here are my thoughts in 10 easy frames:Frame 1 (The Ambiance) - STRIKE! Retro feel, black lit everything, cool projection screens behind the lanes, state-of-the art score monitors (that show the speed of your bowl), giant spacious mahogany bar.  Frame 2 (The Drinks) - STRIKE! I was drinking Grey Goose on the rocks all night and it knocked all my pins down. The bartenders didn't seem too animated and were basically acting as servoids...no matter.Frame 3 (The Food) - 8 pins. Nothing stands out here. They served your typical between-frames greasy finger foods that make you screw up the next shot...the mini cheeseburgers, hot n spicy burgers, and turkey burgers were all juice-less tasting had a high bread-to-meat ratio...the grilled vegetable pizza was just okay (I only ate it up to the crust)...the chicken pillows (or steamed chicken dumplings) were actually pretty good. And now that I know there is such thing as a chicken pillow, I'm wondering if chickens have pillow fights when no one is looking?...anyway...Frame 4 (The Bowling) - STRIKE! It was the most stylish 157 I ever bowled. Frame 5 (The Service) - 7-10 split. The wait staff were a small army of hot, large breasted women who knew little about holding a bowling ball and a lot about holding a tray of mac 'n cheese balls. I will give credit to the "bowling MC" for getting the president of my company to crawl on her stomach and release the ball.Frame 6 (The Fun) - STRIKE! Lucky Strike provided the setting for a cool party and we funned it up. Picture 150 semi-drunk media professionals doing the Fred Flintstone twinkle toes bowling approach...spinning around two times...and chucking the ball down the alley. Pure. Comedy. Gold.Frame 7: (The Location) - 9 pins. Lucky Strike is connected to the Rio - while not one of your more classier Vegas hotels (on the Wynn scale), it's a sports bookies paradise and home of the 37th World Series of Poker tournament.Frame 8: 7 pins. Just cause I needed to fill up a frame.Frame 9: (PER, or Post Event Rush) - STRIKE! Me and the rest of my mag pals walked out of Lucky Strike sauced, stuffed, and smiling.  Frame 10 (Random "Big Lebowski" quote) - 3 STRIKES! "F**k it, Dude, let's go bowling"Total Score: A lotTotal Stars: 4
3	So I was invited to join the Right Gin Bowling team earlier this week and being a fan of gin and bowling I figured it was a win win. Got to Lucky Strike and leave it to Vegas and Pure Management Group to fuck up a bowling alley.On one hand there are hot girls that double as cocktail servers but on the other hand the place is bright with a bunch of BS bling all over the place and the lanes are not slick at all. Plus there are only 10 lanes so it is pretty tight in there.Since we are competing in a league which is comprised of local nightclubs and restaurants we knew every one there. So on that end we had a blast. The service was tip top and the plus is there were midgets running rampant throughout the place.All in all the place was alright but when I think of bowling I think of a smokey lounge with wood paneling that sells Miller High Life in cans not bottle service. Like I said earlier leave it to Vegas to fuck up a good thing.
4	Before my introduction to Lucky Strike Lanes I wasn't a bowler and really had no intention of becoming a bowler.  Now I can't get enough.Lucky Strike managed to establish a place where it's easy to have a great time.  The swanky atmosphere they created is a great way to get people who wouldn't bowl at their local lanes to come in and get oriented to a sport that's really quite entertaining without having to deal with the mobs of children and moon pies you normally find at your local alley.The help there was just alright for me.  They seemed uninspired and in need of some fun themselves, though I find it difficult to understand what sucks about working there.  It's a fun place.Games were expensive as far as bowling goes.  The lanes were pretty much dry which was another sour point.  Equipment was in great condition as was the majority of the house gear.Floors, tables and furniture were very clean and for the most part comfy.While I didn't order any food, the menu did look inviting.  Overall the place was inspiring.  Enough so that I came home and bought a bowling ball and shoes.  While I have no idea when I'll make it back to Lucky Strike, I know that if we had one nearby that it would certainly be my first choice for a hang out and for parties.  I feel the folks at Lucky Strike Lanes are on to something.
4	On a recent stay at the Rio, a group of us was heading out to have some fun away from the hotel.   As we neared the exit, one of our group discovered he left his wallet in the room.   Ok, as he went up to get it, the rest of us decided to do what we like to do in our down time in Vegas.    We found the nearest Bar.   In this case it was a bowling alley / bar.   Wow, the bar was pretty cool.   This place has two happy hours.    One from like 6 to 8 and another from 10 to midnight.   I was pretty happy when a beer and a Cadillac margarita only cost $8.   The bar staff made sure that we were properly taken care of and our drinks kept coming.    Once our friend came back to join us, we made him buy the next round.   I was very pleasantly surprised.   This was a nice accidental find.   Will I be back?  The next time I stay in the Rio I will.
2	Lucky Strike Lanes is more than your average bowling alley, and the atmosphere almost club-like, but the whole experience is over-priced and the one in Hollywood is a lot larger and more fun. It's even $25 per hour just to play pool! I do like the comfortable couches as opposed to the hard, plastic chairs you find at most bowling alleys, but I wouldn't go back unless I had a free game pass (and even then I'd still have to pay for shoes).
3	Lucky Strike Lanes is above the average bowling alley. It has a club like atmosphere. The service is great and they have comfortable couches to sit in while you're waiting  your turn to bowl. The reason why I had picked this place over other bowling alleys because I was tired of under 21 crowd running havoc over the alley.  To my knowledge, no other alleys have  a curfew for persons under the age of 21 until Midnight. (the curfew may have changed? I honestly don't know, I'm going off of past experiences)At 9pm lucky strike lanes only allow  21 and over into the alley.  The only downfall of this place is the price,  It is waaaay pricey. On Saturday Evenings, they charge $65 for renting a lane for an hour, up to 6 players, NOT including the price of shoe rental. They may offer a discount for locals, but its not that much of a discount.The only time when I'll return to this place is when I have I have a free game or when they lower their prices.
2	Blah.  Like $6 a game for bowling?  And with crazy annoying club lights so I can't see where I'm throwing my ball?  No thanks.OK, OK, I know this is a bowling alley/LOUNGE, but I didn't know it was going to be like that when I first went here.  I've been back a few times since and have had a better time, but I didn't bowl.  In fact, I just hung out at the bar.  Why am I hanging out at the bar at a bowling alley if I'm not going to bowl.Oh wait, I'm not.  Goodbye, Lucky Strike.
3	We paid a visit to Lucky Strike Las Vegas on a hot Saturday afternoon.  Assured by the hostess that the bowling alley would get packed on Saturday afternoons, we made a reservation in advance.  When we got there, the bowling alley was fairly empty.  We had no trouble getting a couple of lanes, but I was somewhat disappointed by the pseudo-deception.One thing that I did really like about the operation was that the scores automatically carried over between games.  On the other hand, the selection of bowling ball weights was not very expansive.When we were walking by later on in the evening, the bowling lanes did not seem super busy at that time either.Overall, not bad, but nothing to rave about.
2	Had to wait for a lane for twenty minutes for no apparent reason. Fun, but overpriced. Good luck if you want a ball under ten pounds and you are not a chipmunk or a midget.
1	I would give a ZERO stars if it was an option.  During my recent trip to Vegas with family my husband and I planned a trip to lucky strike.  We called about a week in advance to see if we could use a free bowling coupon that we had from another location.  The hostess said it was fine.  When we arrived the same hostess had to speak with the manager on how to put the coupon in the system.  It all seemed fine.  We were given shoes and a lane.  We got all ready and the same manager comes over and says "Oh sorry you can't use the coupon here, but you can stay and bowl for the regular price"  Please we walked out and took our money to a different casino.  I can see why the place was practically empty when we were in there.  I like the Chicago locations much better
