2	Though the Freedom Dr. K-Mart looks like the setting of a post-apocalyptic film and the entire chain is past its prime, you can find some 'trinkets' for cheap on the inside.  This K-Mart has some affordable home furninishing knock-offs (by cheap, I mean cheaper than Target/IKEA).  While it some of it is dated, K-Mart still carries the much-touted Martha Stewart brands.  I've found a 'runner' rug and bedspread that both look like something from department stores.  The same can be said for the furniture, so don't hate on my stylish house. The clothing department is slightly dicier, but I have scavenged some faddish clothes (think Gap 3 years ago) among the Big Bubba t-shirts and overalls.  Their young men's section has good deals at the end of the season, like utility shirts or those really metrosexual boot-cut jeans for less than $15.  Yeah....really.The rest of the store is pretty much filler.  If you actually go to this K-Mart ( or any K-Mart) looking for a decent selection of sporting goods/shoes/electronics, you will likely pay more than other big box retailers or be appalled by the selection.  If you're like me and approach K-Mart shopping like thrift store diving, you will be pleasantly surprised. Can't decide then if visiting K-Mart is frugal or frivolous, but who doesn't need another cheap belt?
3	Yep it's in the hood and no I don't even think twice about shopping here for toys during the Christmas season for 2 simple reasons 1) I don't have to fight for a parking spot and 2) there's hardly ever a crowd.....nuff said and see ya next year!.
5	I could give Kmart less than 4 stars because of the location.  That said, all I had to do was jump on 85, get off at Freedom Drive, and make a right into the parking lot.  It is a very easy drive.  I placed an order online because they had what I wanted in stock, in the store.  The other big-box stores required that I order the item online and wait for it to arrive.  The item was a specific booster seat that a certain someone wanted to start using NOW!  I ordered online, got a discount owith my Sears points (from purchasing kids clothing/shoes) so that made me very happy.  It took maybe 3-4 hours for them to process my order and notify me that it was ready for pickup.  I went in, waited a few minutes before it was my turn for service at the service desk.  She sent me to the lay away window towards the back of the store, then promptly sent an employee back there to assist me.  The transaction was seemless and I was on my way.  There was no waiting so I was a very happy camper.
