2	Not my favorite local Chinese restaurant. The interior looks so nice...but the atmosphere is slightly slovenly. The food I had was decent, but didn't have much pizazz. The menu is just a little boring. The service was also quite slow.
1	Service was slow and inattentive. Potions were small. Prices are outrageous.Pass.
2	Pretty good for carryout, food is usually ready in 15-20 minutes.  The portions are OK and I find the food a bit oily, but very tasty though certainly not gourmet.  Prices a little on the high side but not horrible.I have been here once to eat in and it was a nightmare.  We were there for over 2 hours when we finally left, having not yet been served our entrees.  Appetizers had been served about 45 minutes after ordering them, but they were cold and soggy.  You could not pay me to eat in again, but I'm content to get carry out from here every couple months when I have a craving for greasy Chinese food since it is right near where I work.  Admittedly though, Hot Wok is a better value and probably where I would go if there was one closer to my home or work..
4	Hmmm maybe I came on an off time because my service was quite good, although I was also one of the few tables in here. Before I came here for a visit, I was looking at a New York yelper's food blog. Strangely enough she was talking about where some of the best Chinese food and that it can be found in the strangest of places. She mentioned this place, I knew I had to stop by to try it. I really liked this place. Prices were very fair and the portions were just enough to make me full but not stuff me. I came here for lunch and had their ginger chicken and asked them to make it extra spicy. I started off with their egg drop soup, which unlike many that I have had, didn't need me to add extra salt. My ginger chicken came out, for a lunch portion I was very happy with the portion I got, filled with veggies, a slightly sweet and spicy sauce paired with  the fried rice I chose which was just okay. For a filled tummy, cute although some what hokey decor, I left and I was a happy man.
4	I like this place.  I have had lunches, dinners, and dinners for lunches from here.  I think the food is good and the portions are good sized.  When I carryout or have it delivered, I don't feel like I'm getting skimped.  My only complaint is the service.  The people are rude and slow.  I personally remember a middle aged angry woman and a surly teenager.  But one of the waitresses draws eyeliner on her eyes to deceive me into thinking she has almond-shaped eyes.  Tricky, tricky, lady...
2	Ugh.  My fiance's grandma loves this place so we took her out for dinner one night.  It was freezing in there, she's 92 years old, we asked to be seated somewhere warm and they put us right under the AC vent.  The food is mediocre at best and very greasy.  The prices, however, can't be beat.  Its incredibly cheap, so if you're a college student this is the place to go - literally, get it to go because the atmosphere is terrible and the waitstaff are extremely apathetic,
4	This experience at Tang was exceptional. I didn't know that they could replace many of the meat entrees with tofu or vegetables.
2	I went with a Chinese friend who ordered in Chinese.  When one of the dishes arrived and she didn't like the look of it she then shouted a lot at the waiter (in Chinese).  After that the food was exceptional.  Easily the best Chinese food I've had in Central Illinois.  (I admit, that's a low standard.)However, I've never been able to recreate this experience.  And how I've tried!  I ended up asking my Chinese friend to write me a note in Chinese ordering these same dishes from the Chinese menu.  I show the crumpled and worn note to the waiter when I go by myself.  But the food is never as good.  I expect it was the shouting.  Now that my friend has moved away, I expect it will never be that good again.Without my friend to help us, this is a mediocre place.
4	This place was a little sad when we first went but I think they must of been coming out of some sort of hard times. We have returned four times since and it has been a wonderful experience every time. They have been very accommodating to our two year old as well. Food is very fresh and they have a great selection of tofu dishes when you ask them to substitute it.I feel as though I now have gone enough to warrant a positive to counter some of the negative opinions expressed about this place on here.
2	Location, Location, Location.  This place suffers because its in the tomb known as Lincoln Square. If you are lucky enough to have a seat where you can see the mall "activity", it will be homeless men, mall-walkers, health insurance mega-corporation employees, and an occasional congressman.When you add to that the fact that the service is horrible, the decor dingy, and the food sub-par, you get two stars from me.This community hosts the nation's public university with the largest enrollment of Asian students, over 6,500 Chinese and Koreans.  So we know and respect good Asian food.  This is not good.Its oily, trite, and nothing unique about it.Getting a pair of chopsticks in this place is more difficult than asking for them in McDonalds.I am only refraining for one-starring them because the food improved the most recent time I was there and I have hope for the future.Avoid the Twice-Cooked Pork because it is white and steamed, instead of the dark sliced pork typical of the dish.Avoid the fried rice because it is just white steamed rice with soy sauce and grease poured on it.
5	Excellent Chinese food in the Champaign-Urbana area.  Of course, the "standard" American-Chinese food is  offered, but one should try the authentic Sichuan cuisine or even hot-pot.  Fair prices, excellent balance of flavor, consistently high standards.  It worth the trip to Lincoln Square mall to eat at this hidden gem.
4	The Quick Review: Tang Dynasty is the real deal. Come here for traditional chinese dishes with above average service and expect to shell out $20.00 - 25.00 on a meal (including tip).A more Detailed Synopsis:Tang Dynasty is now under new management. I can't really comment on how the food used to be mainly because the last time I ate here was many years ago. With that said the food I received today was very well prepared and the presentation was spot on. It's obvious that the soup stock is made in house and not from a can. You can expect to pay somewhere in the 12-18 dollar range for entrees (mostly depending on how exotic the meat portion is). But don't worry, you'll have plenty to take home for a second meal.Yes, you will find some "classic" American Chinese staples on the menu here. However you have to dig through 3 pages of the more traditional menu items  first and search around on the back of the menu to find them.I ordered a hot pot of braised lamb in the Sichuan style of cooking (food prepared in a hot chili sauce made of dried chiles in oil). The heat wasn't overwhelming and accented the individual flavors of the food. A friend and I dined here on a Tuesday around 6 in the evening. The place quickly filled up but the service was still very good, the waitress made a few passes to check on our beverages, and to ask how we liked our food. And even the host came by and complemented us on our dining selections.Things to Know:Bring a shirt with a collar as the dress code is business casual. Silverware by request only. Chopsticks are the standard.Don't be put off by some of the more "traditional" menu items. Tripe, Kidney, Intestine, Frog, and Eel are all available. But you can still find more familiar items like Beef, Pork, and Lamb.
4	Another one of the great choices for Chinese food in the Champaign-Urbana area. I think that many times this restaurant is skipped over because their cooking is a bit lighter and prices are a bit higher than other Chinese restaurants in the area. However, when they do cook well their food is just as good as Lai Lai or Golden Harbor. Like the other Chinese restaurants in the area, it seems you should come here when they are less busy in the day so the chef has more time to concentrate on perfecting your meal. That way you will get to experience all the great textures that great Chinese chefs can create.
1	Never seen slower serving speed. Sat and waited there for one whole hour and no dish was served. Left swearing we would never return.
1	We went with someone who was a regular here and they pre-ordered a lobster for us.  We had a 7 pm reservation and arrived at 7:10 pm.  We sat down and the lobster came out right away.  Yay!  Unfortunately, it was cold and apparently was cooked earlier in anticipation of our 7 pm arrival.  Boo!  Who cooks a lobster before the guests arrive?  What if they don't show?  Then the owner blames us for being late!  And then we found a few pieces of pork in the lobster.  What?The rest of the food was ok.  The braised duck was delicious but small portion.  The ma po tofu was good.  Stir-fried bok choy hearts were good.  The stir-fried beef was over tenderized and boring.  We ordered braised fish that came out steamed.  Again some pointless explanations and the fish was replaced with the proper braised fish.Oh well, a wasted night out out for dinner except for my fortune cookie.  "You will inherit some money or a piece of land."  Good for me, bad for someone else.
4	This place may well be the most underrated Chinese restaurant in town. Amazing food (the management has recently changed, but the food is still top notch). Try the hot pot or the sauteed Chinese greens. The Dandan noodles are pretty great too. For Urbana-dwellers, this is great and does not necessitate driving all the way to Golden Harbor. Go here and eat!
5	They recently changed owners/management so it seems like things are much better. Quick service. The menu on the walls are written in chinese and half their customers are asian so you know you are getting legit ethnic food. The food was delicious especially the lobster and fish.  They have their own fish tanks so you know that you are getting fresh seafood and it really shows with the great flavor. I am definitely going to visit again.
5	I was taken here recently for my going-away dinner, and I was BLOWN AWAY. The food is incredible! It is in the same price-range as Golden Harbor (which I love), but in my opinion the food here is even better.We were a party of 13, and were seated comfortably in the large table in the side room. The owner of the place took our orders, and she was wonderfully fun/sassy about it. She gave great recommendations, and would tell us if she thought we were making an unsuitable selection.Cuisine highlights:- GARLIC SAUCE, anything in garlic sauce was delicious (beef, eggplant, etc)- Beijing duck (wraps had good texture, duck was cooked well, good sauces)- Crispy tofu (crispier coating than from Golden Harbor)- Fish with pine nuts (fish was battered and fried, and drizzled with a sweet sauce)- Steamed tilapia (very tender)- Scallion pancakes (owner served us two orders for free)- Kung Pao Tofu (all-around delicious)I had been skeptical of the place because of its location in the eerily-deserted Lincoln Square mall, but they renovated the place a few months back, and the ambience is great!My only regret is, having left the area, I can no longer partake in this sumptuousness :(NOTE: Older reviews (pre-2011) for this place are likely dated, as management has since changed and they've renovated the interior. This place is definitely worth a try.
4	Amazing food, and highly recommended, but only if you don't mind being asking over and over and over again if you are sure you want to order the dish you request, and to have other suggestions thrown at you.My SO and I come here fairly frequently and the food never disappoints, but they never cease to question everything we order. We are frequenters of the Chinese hot pot, and every single time we order it, the server says they do not recommend it, and will suggest something else. Then once we finally get through that we are in fact capable of ordering what we want and do receive the hot pot they warn us no less 15-20 times that it is extremely spicy. Perhaps they have been burned by not warning folks in the past but it becomes over bearing almost to the point of it being a joke. In their defense I am a spicy food fanatic, but this hardly registers a 2 out of 5 for me so the warnings just seem silly on top of them suggesting constantly we order something else.We will still frequent the place and recommend it to others, but if you aren't planning to order white rice with a glass of room temperature water, for whatever reason be prepared to have to convince your server that you are certain you know what you yourself would like to eat that day.
