5	This is your restaurant for Cuban, Puerto Rican with a hint of Argentina and Italian. It's amazing. Think of tapas that really is larger plates than traditional tapas. The menu is quite large and has many healthy item also.  I can't say enough about Latinfish. The staff is friendly and the chef came out to greet us. Everything is made fresh.
5	Best hidden secret in Vegas..... Great selection.... Totally recommend!!!  Chef Beni is worth the visit!!
1	Really disappointing. Either the place was having a really off night (which you absolutely cannot have when you first open) or its just not good food. let me start with one thing... we are not picky people. we honeslty are not one of these couples that send things back. we are the type like most who will just accept the bad food as a bad choice and eat something when we get home :)started with drinks... my girlfriend (who is cuban) said the Sangria was undrinkable. we sent it back - trust me - when it comes to alcohol we are never picky. if it gets you buzzed - it works. lol she couldnt even drink it. had to settle for a beer - of which her glass smelled like a wet rag. she was too embarrassed to say anything because we had just sent back the sangriawe ordered 4 things - some tapas and a margarita pizza to share.so - let me also say the place was empty.. only 3 tables were being used. probably bc that have done such a bad job letting people know its now open for business after many delays. the place is really nice. we walked in and were excited. looks like a very cool fun place to eat. but the food was all a disappointment. they didnt have any platanos. so they had to cancel that (but still charged us for it on the final bill). the battered cod tapas were so salty they become almost inedible. she had a half of one and i choked down a couple more bc i was starving. but it was waaay too salty to be served in a restaurant. the pizza had potential - but the crust was odd.. we were joking that it looked almost like a wonton. i dont know if it was old or supposed to be like that - but it was hard. really hard. didnt taste fresh. again - i ate it because i was starving. she ordered the stuffed peppers tapas. also - very strange texture and taste. she ate half of one.. i stopped after a small taste. i know they are new - and i personally think they are having a hard time managing fresh food until crowds start coming in. we also got a kick out of the food being so bad and the chef outside shmoozing with the other two tables (which were obviously friends and family which made us the only real customers) instead of being in the kitchen. maybe if the chef spent more time in the kitchen and not on the floor the food will taste better.its a shame. i live across the street and was looking for this place to be a goto place like garfields was. perhaps i will try it again in the future. but someone will have to drag me. i write this in hopes the people at latin fish read this and work out all their kinks. id like them to succeed i think the place has a lot of potential to be a great hang out.
