5	Can't complain about the best steak, service and appetizers in town.
4	The first thing you notice about Morton's is the vestibule. You feel like you've walked into a closet or in the wrong door...it is a completely undecorated small room with a plain door on the other end. When you open that door, however, it all makes sense....behind it is a classically elegant restaurant, and the vestibule is a nice design touch. It evokes a speakeasy, and maximizes the impact of the decor. I like that the place starts out with a little mind game. From there, it's all worth every penny....and bring a lot of pennies. The waiters wheel out a cart of that day's selections of meats and vegetables, raw, for you to choose from. They do the same with the desserts. Everything was perfect, from the chopped salad to the chocolate something or other that shorted out my brain. There was a big steak in there somewhere, too....and wine. Yes. Good.
4	I would have given this place 5 stars, but the bartender was just plain stupid!!  Eveything else was great!!  My wife ordered a Mojito from the cocktail server, when she brought them we noticed something wrong with them, they had no mint leaves in the drink. The cocktail waitress explained that they did not have the proper ingredients to make the drinks so the bartender us a mint flavored syrup. You can jus imagine how they tasted!!  Plus, charging us $14.00 each!! We sent those back!! Once we sat down, we had a great meal and the service was top notice.
4	We went here last month with a bunch of people and ordere the special of the month. Let me tell you, we had so much food in our tummy by the end of the night, i think we all wanted to fight each other for the bathroom.  Service: above average - waitress was cool and the manager even checked on usFood: Excellent - Order the spinach, chocolate cake, steak (of course!), tiger shrimp, obligatory mashed potatoe, bottle(s) of wine. Not in that order of course. DO NOT order: Scallops (overcooked) and lime cake (too bland)Negative: that freaking valet boy! A--hole!
4	Great steak, sides, and desert but I would still give the nod to N9NE or Ruth's Chris if given a choice
4	Everything about this place is better than Ruth's Chris except for the steak!  Its still good..just not as good.  But the atmosphere, service, sides, desserts..all better!  And how can you pass up on the happy hour with filet mignon burgers???
5	Love it! Great service, great food and outstanding Chocolate soufle.  What else can you say....Tips: order the soufle when you order your entree. It takes a longgggggggggg time to cook, but it's worth the wait. You cannot repeat CANNOT share this, it's too good to share... order your own :)
5	Been here about 6-8 times and have never been disappointed. Steaks are to-die-for and wine selection is very nice.The used to have a cigar lounge inside the place, but they took it out unfortunately.Make sure you order the Grand Marnier souffle too. WOW. Makes your mouth water.
5	I love this place. I don't eat red meats, but I do eat seafood and the lobster is so good. Last time I was there I had crab cakes, lobster, and a Mortini. Do not try their "Mortini" it is a Martini but they call it a "Mortini" it has like 6 different liquors mixed in to the drink. I thought I was going to die the next day I had a hang over so bad. Other than that this place is great.
5	So we took our buddy here as a "going away dinner". He got married. So it was bittersweet... for him. Good dinner, but you're getting marrieddude. Sorry.As for us single guys... We paid and enjoyed a fine meal to send our buddy off.I started off with the Morton's salad, which was a salad at best. Nothing spectacular or outta the ordinary. The anchovy in the salad did make it just a lil'  better, just a lil'. As for the main course: IT WAS BONER INDUCING. I'm talkin' "Hugh Hef needin' mad Viaga Status".Crab cakes were on the menu so I said, "garcon, crab cakes por favor"... These "cakes" were nothing but crab. No cake what so ever! Usually it's the other way around where it's nothing but "CAKE", herbs and spices. But damn, these "cakes" were crab overload! They were served with an aioli on the side but that did not enhance the crab. Just a squeeze o' lemon and it was sexy time!Again my eyes saw Double Cut Filet Mignon. So I said, "garcon, double cut phil-ette mig-non".   I'm not a big fan of filet but I was compelled to order it. I like my steak on the rare side of medium rare. It was cooked just the way I Iikes it . I was in steak nirvana. I cut thin slices and I was thinking, "should I put some in my shirt pocket for later?"  No later. I ravaged that cut. Dessert is not my thing... However, my friend was going to get married and it would have been an odd thing not to order when everyone else was doing it too. Damn peer pressure. LEGENDARY CHOCOLATE CAKE!!!!! I was freakin' speechless! They should make a movie outta this cake with merchandise and all.We painted the town red that week and did some mad damage. Thanks Vegas...
2	Morton's Steakhouse featured a $99 "Steak and Seafood" special, so the Big F and I took advantage of this offer for what we hoped would be a fine dining experience.The restaurant wasn't particularly overly busy this past Friday as we were seated at our table.  The waiter inquired about our beverage choices before telling us about the menu.  He soon returned with a cart that held examples of the cuts of beef available, the vegetables that accompanied it, and other various dining choices.  It can be a bit overwhelming as he goes over what the restaurant offers, but not to worry since it's all on the menu anyway.They start you off with a large loaf of bread, and it doesn't matter if you're dining by yourself or with a group, you still get this loaf of onion bread.  (I did ask what they did with the leftover loaf, hoping that they might donate it or something.  No luck.  Into the trash it goes!)For salads, we both chose the "Morton's Salad with Morton's Blue Cheese Dressing, Chopped Egg, and Anchovies."  It's a combination of romaine and iceberg lettuce leaves.  It would help if they cut the leaves down a bit because it was a mess to eat.  The dressing was alright, nothing special about it being their own blue cheese dressing.  The anchovies added the perfect saltiness, but I'm sure the anchovies were not their own.With our special dinner of a single cut of filet mignon comes a choice of an appetizer.  I went for the "Broiled Sea Scallops Wrapped in Bacon with Apricot Chutney."  The Big F had the "Jumbo Lump Crab Cake with Mustard Mayonnaise Sauce."  My scallops were good, and what isn't good with bacon?  The sweetness of the chutney added a nice contrast as well.  The crab cake was pretty good too, made with lots of crab and less filler.  They could do a lot better though with the presentation of our meal.  The Big F's plate looked like something was missing!  However, the real problem we both had was with the beef.  Although it was perfectly cooked to how we ordered it (rare), it was ultimately tasteless.  Now, don't get me wrong.  I had my share of filet mignons and I'm used to a smooth taste where the meat melts in your mouth and has you feeling like heaven landed in your mouth.  This wasn't the case here.  It wasn't just my opinion about this tasteless beef, the Big F was on the same page as well.  We ultimately had to ask for Worchestire sauce to douse it so it had some flavor.  (It does come with a side of Bearnaise Sauce, but I've had much better.)  Perhaps we should have said something to the staff about our entrees, and yes, that was our mistake.  It was my first time dining at Morton's and I figure this is how they do their filets. (The Big F usually gets their Cajun Ribeye Steak when he's there, so he had no previous experience with their filet mignons either.)Our choice side dishes were the "Macaroni & Cheese with a Hint of Spice" and "Lyonnaise Potatoes."  The mac & cheese was alright.  I prefer it to have a smoother and creamier texture, but this had that graininess in it.  The Big F did like their choice of pasta for it though.  The potatoes were pretty tasty, cooked with lots of onions.For dessert, the choices were either Chocolate Cake or Key Lime Pie.  Well, I wish I knew it was actually called "Morton's Legendary Hot Chocolate Cake" because it was really good.  It had a molten center that was oozed out so nicely when I cut into it.  It was probably the saving grace of the meal.  But because I had finished my tasteless piece of meat, I was too stuffed to finish my dessert and ice cream.  (In retrospect, I would have brought the meat home and recooked it instead.)  The Big F's Key Lime Pie was good too, not as good as the Chocolate Molten Cake though.  We probably would have finished that as well if we had put the meat to the side.Service was good at some points.  Our beverage glasses were never empty due to the water boys constantly refilling our glasses.  Our waiter checked on us once during our meal, and that's when we asked for the Worchestire sauce.  But I don't recall him coming around much after that.Overall, my meal at Morton's Steakhouse was disappointing.  Perhaps my taste preferences just don't align with how Morton's does their filet mignons here.  They have raving reviews, so maybe it's just my bad luck that I got a tasteless piece of beef.  Anyway, I don't see myself coming back here anytime soon though.They do have a happy hour and reverse happy hour.  It was advertised in the restrooms!(Pics of our dinner are posted!)
5	This "IS" the best damn steak / seafood  place that I have found in a loooong time!!!!  A little on the pricey side but hey, what place isn't here in Vegas??  You want a steak that will melt in your mouth??  Try this place.. If you like a good stiff drink try the Mortini. It's Mortons most famous signature drink.   It will blow you away!!!!  One will do ya just fine, two will probaby put you to sleep or la la land!!!!!!!!!  haha  Enjoy.
4	I've heard of Morton's extremely good service, and it was definitely up to par with what people have told me. The hostess who picked up when we called gave us horrible directions coming from The Mirage, which took us over an hour (in Las Vegas traffic) to get there, and we were rushed for dinner because we had a show to catch very soon after. Upon arrival, the employee (quite possibly a manager) who was at the front greeted us and asked how we were doing, to which my sister's boyfriend responded "not good at all" given that we were lost for an hour (even worse for my sister, who was the one driving!)He apologized, and we thought that was the end of that. But they ended up giving us free drinks for the whole table (about a $50 value). Not only that, the food was amazing (we had the steak and seafood special), and came out quickly which helped us catch our show. Our waiter was great, and my menu was personalized (because it was my birthday) and framed a picture they took of us and it said Happy Birthday so that really made my night.Overall, it was a good experience, and I'm definitely down to go back to any other Morton's.
5	Morton's is my favorite steak place to date. And quality is consistent across locations, as my recent experience at the Las Vegas Morton's proves.Read my sister's review of her b-day dinner at Morton's for more information.http://www.yelp.com/biz/mortons-the-steakhouse-las-vegas#hrid:UOzbBhPdUCl4wy56QKjDdw
5	Wow this place was good~ The steak is obviously top grade and their side dish was excellent as well. My friend said that the French Onion was a bit salty but I believe a French Onion is supposed to be salty. Also try the asparagus its very good. The server explained things a bit quickly but he told us not to memorize anything because it will all be in the menu so that wasn't a problem. Check this place out if you win some money in the Casino.
3	I had the bone-in ribeye stake here and frankly, I was not impressed. The steak did not have enough flavor. I am a steak eater and I am not even sure if I had prime steak because the marbling was not there. I do not mind paying $50+ for steak but it has to have quality. I ordered a side of sauteed spinach and button mushrooms, which was mediocre. This is a very nice place but I am not sure about giving it four or five stars; maybe if the meal was less expensive.
4	Someone had given me a gift certificate for $100 that I had been lugging around for a year and this trip was a great opportunity to use it.  We were staying on the strip and were going to glitter gulch to play some craps. We didi not want a long drwn out dinner or to get too filled up. We ate at the Bar and it was exceptionally good service, the bartender John and Rich were excellent, they were just the best bartenders I have met in a long time, they listened to our long winded stories and were just plain nice.  They shook every patrons hand welcoming them it was no wonder there were so many regulars stopping in before they went to the dining room. and we   We shared a NY strip steak and it was perfectly cooked and perfectly delicious.  The Wedge salad is excellent too, something I would never have had and likely won't ever have anywhere else.  Side were great and we really had a good time.  It is off the strip and a little tricky to get to but not really too bad. Our whole dinner was $124.00 and we had 2 bourbons  one steak, two sides and 2 salads.  We did not have wine with dinner.  Go, enjoy they are consistently good.     I thought as i left, I'll be back if only to catch up with the bartenders John and Rich.
5	Top notch service as usual.  As usual, I had the cajun ribeye, loaded baked potatoe, lobster bisque, and hot chocolate cake.  Magnificent.  Morton's does it right every single time.
5	This place is awesome, it does suck that it isn't really near the strip. The service is great! I came here for my friend's 21st birthday and had taken pictures for us and even printed them out for us. They definitely made the night memorable. The drinks we ordered were extremely strong. I had the new york strip(medium well), and it was good but a bit too charred on the top for me. This is definitely a nice place.
5	I LOVE this place. I get to dress up and take my wife you to a nice place every once in a while, we come here. I get the Cajun Rib-eye and mac and cheese. It's a little pricey, but worth it. Waiter is allays nice and helpful. Never had a bad experience in the 5 years we've been.
5	My friend and I had tickets to see Carlos Santana at the Joint and on a whim we decided to have dinner at Morton's.  It was early (7:00pm) so we didn't have a problem getting a table. I am not much for the stuffiness of traditional steakhouses and I made numerous attempts with the server to take the formalities down a notch.  By dessert the server was cutting up with us finally.  But the service was great. My friend and I started off by sharing a Jumbo lump crab cake.  The portion was small, but was perfect for us because we were really saving room for dessert. For salad my friend ordered the Sliced Beefsteak Tomato and the server split it for us which was a nice touch. At this point we had to decide if were were going to have dessert because the hot desserts are baked fresh.  Both of us at this point had chocolate lava cake on the mind, so in the oven it went. For an entree we both ordered the sesame encrusted yellow-fin tuna.  We requested rare and it was served perfectly seared with a soy ginger sauce and wasabi on the side. With the entree we had ordered the Creamed Spinach and Potato Skins, which were hardly touched by either of us because the yellow-fin was such a huge portion.  My guess would be 6 ounces, which is comparable to Morton's steak portions.  I am not a big eater but I finished the yellow-fin because I couldn't bear to leave any of it, it was so good. And there it is. Nice and warm, served fresh from the oven with vanilla Haggen daz on the side, the perfect Lava cake.  We got so lost in the cake that when I gained consciousness and noticed the time it was 2 min before the concert was to start.  Luckily, Mr. Santana never starts on time. I am not a big meat eater and my friend is a pseudo vegetarian (seafood only), so it was ironic to find both of us in a famous steakhouse like Morton, but I have to say I was very please with dinner.
5	It's Mortons .   You can't give less than a 5 star rating .    Pam was our server and she was excellent.  Split a steak and saved room for desert.  The mac and chesse was excellent.  We walked in 20 minutes befor closing and would never even know.A must if you want a great steak and visit vegas.
5	On our return to Las Vegas, this time for my wife's participation in the "Rock & Roll Marathon", I decided I wanted steak.  I was going to suggest Lawry's across the street from where we were staying, but I discovered my mother in law doesn't eat beef and my wife didn't want to go to McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurant (that is where we went to the last time we where in town).  I had heard about Morton's and called them to see if they served anything other than steaks - they do (yay)!  They have valet parking, but we parked ourselves in the back where the parking is shared with other establishments (Bucca di Beppo).  Inside the lighting was a bit low and they had candles at each table.  The girl at the front that greeted us  seemed indecisive, but asked us to wait where another host greeted us warmly and took us to our seats.  At this point didn't have menus, which I thought was a bit odd, but our server showed up with a big tray giving us an idea of the cuts of meat available mentioned on the menu - VERY nice.  It took a lot of guess work out of ordering.   I ordered the Chicago cut which has the bone in the meat and had it cooked medium rare.  I also ordered mash potatoes and the Morton's Salad (both of these with my wife).  My wife had a smaller cut without the bone (8 oz) with asparagus, and crab cakes, cooked medium.  My mother in law ordered the sea bass and had some of my wife's salad (which was half of mine) and some mash potatoes.  After we ordered our server gave us some fresh baked onion bread and some butter.  When our food arrived it was cooked to perfection.  My wife and mother in law enjoyed theirs as well, although my wife seemed to enjoy mine better than hers.  Personally I believe the fact that I choose to have mine cooked medium rare is the reason why, she prefers her's well done.  In summary, Morton's is fantastic.  VERY expensive and I plan to return only if I have a very good reason (i.e. Anniversary).
4	Went here for a friend's birthday (6 of us total) so you can imagine the bill.  Great steaks and so forth, but I really think they go overboard on the appetizers...I mean seriously...And the cheesy waiter showing us different kinds of steaks and appetizers before we order...no on the menu guys, there is an actual waiter with actual (probably laminated) steaks so you can make your decision.  The restaurant itself was nice...dim, subtle.  Be prepared to spend though....
2	We were among the first of a few tables to arrive on a Friday night. As our meal continued on, the dining room began to fill. Nice old-school atmosphere with Sinatra playing in the background. We were on limited time so we got perturbed waiting for menus. We didn't realize the menus don't come until the end of the presentation. Which adds some kitsch, we know what meat and veggies look like so we would've rather got straight to the point, but I digress.We ordered a Caesar salad and jumbo shrimp cocktail to start. The Caesar was ordinary; heavy on dressing and the lettuce was limp. The shrimp cocktail was excellent. Additionally, the bread served is warm, flaky, buttery, with a hint of onion and poppy seed - delicious. Next, for the main course we selected the Chicago-style bone-in ribeye, And the double-cut filet mignon and we opted to share the baked potato and garlic green beans. The seasoning used on the steaks was saltier than we like. We were unimpressed by the bone-in steak, it was among the worst we've had. There was a considerable amount fat to work around and it wasn't nearly as tender or juicy as similar steaks had at Delmonico, STACK, SW. etc. The filet was tender and full flavored. The baked potato was just that and the garlic green beans were a standout.Overall, the menu offers traditional steakhouse fare, service was excellent throughout the meal, and our total for dinner was $150 before tip. Felt that the meal was overpriced. In the future, I'd rather visit comparatively priced steakhouses in town that offer better quality steaks and/or more creative menus.
4	I've been to Morton's here at home (St. Louis), but we made a trip to this one to celebrate my Mom's birthday while we were in Vegas. The food was definitely comparable to the one here. I especially love the spinach with button mushrooms and the shrimp Alexander. The Morton's in Vegas offerred a new menu item: Chilean Sea Bass with a mango chutney. So good. I hope they offer it at the location here soon!
3	What sets this steakhouse apart from other steakhouses?  Nothing!  It's nice, classy, white tablecloths, obsequious waiters, good food, big cuts of meat, mac and cheese, creamed spinach, blah blah blah.  There are a million other places JUST LIKE THIS in Vegas... in fact, there's one at every hotel!  But I guess if you crave the familiarity of a chain, you might take solace in the fact that this Morton's is like all the other Morton'ses -- i.e, they show you shrink-wrapped cuts of meat and ask that you order your desert souffle before you even start the main course (mood killer!).  Nice, solid, boring.  Perfect for a business dinner... but not much fun for anything else.What I ate and drank here: started with a cucumber Mortini and a Sazerac (can't really mess those up too badly).  Followed with chopped salad (meh...chopped salad doused in vinegar dressing; nothing more, nothing less) and onion soup (pretty good, but nothing really stood out over other onion soups). App was shrimp Alexander (good... nice big shrimp coated in delicious buttery garlic crustiness).  Entree was Cajun ribeye and crab legs (nice big juicy crab legs; steak was very tender and fatty and well-seasoned) accompanied by creamed spinch (nothing noteworthy there) and mac and cheese (good, if you're a mac fan -- crusty and white-cheesy with nice, big noodles).  Dessert was Grand Marnier souffle (meh.  WTF is the big deal with the souffles here?! It was okay, but nothing special) followed by Frangelico.Service was attentive but kind of annoyingly peppy and boisterous.  Some like it that way, I suppose...but to me, it was like being served steak by the Southwest Airlines flight crew.  Whee!All in all, being as there are SOOOO many other steakhouse options in Vegas, I would say that if you're looking to have a good steak dinner, it's the ambience that makes the difference.  And I can name several places in town at comparable prices with a more interesting ambience!
1	I'm not going to beat around the bush with this one. I'm just going to straight up say it...NEVER come to this Mortons! Honestly, I've been to other Mortons (mostly the Orange County one) but I have never been satisfied. The only reason why my family and I went to Mortons again is because we had a gift card we wanted to use up. I am extremely disappointed with my visit here! We started off with a few salads. The chop salad and the Caesar salad. Not too bad. It was a little soggy, but not horrible. The nightmare came when they brought out the meat. I ordered the bone in rib-eye cooked medium. It tasted burnt and dry. I mean I'm paying 50 bucks for a rib-eye and it should be cooked better than it was. I felt I needed some sort of sauce and I feel a truly good piece of meat does not need this! Not only was just my meat burnt, but the other 5 people I was with also felt the meat was overcooked and burnt. We were looking at the main chef (they have a huge opening in the kitchen) and I could see the other pieces of meat were just like this. Some he was throwing away because it could not be served. Maybe because it was super busy (there was a wedding reception) that the meat was like this, but its still no excuse! As for the side dishes, we ordered the sauteed mushrooms, macaroni and cheese, and hash browns. None of these side dishes stood out for me. The mac and cheese was overly cooked and too strong of a flavor. It was pretty bad. The sauteed mushrooms were alright, nothing special and the hash browns were Denny's status. I would go with some other sides besides the ones mentioned above if you must absolutely come here. Dessert we ordered the chocolate cake and apple pie. You must tell them you want these items when you order because it takes 30 minutes to prepare. The chocolate cake is definitely worthwhile. The warm chocolate inside the cake melts in your mouth and is paired perfectly with vanilla ice cream. The apple pie was pretty great as well, but not as good as the chocolate cake. Fresh and warm! Just how I like it. I would highly recommend going to another steakhouse such as Ruth Chris, Flemings, or Mastros if you are interested in a steakhouse.
4	disclosure: I am a big fan of the Grill in Beverly Hills. We have eaten @ Mortons in LA,Bev Hills, Denver and now LV. Ate gthrfe last week in spite of reviews on this site. I was enormously satisfied. I am a fussy critic. When spending big bucks on a meal one needs to get value. That includes good food and service. Mortons had it all. The best Mortons I've been to because of the exceptional service everywhere stgarting with the valet. Off the strip has to be a plus.
4	Fantastic happy hour!  We wanted to take a walk and get some food and I remembered reading about the Power Hour on Yelp. So glad!  We got there right before it ended, so were able to score the iceberg wedge bites, mini fillet sandwiches, artichoke dip and some drinks.  What a deal!  I have always enjoyed my meals at Morton's and this was no exception.  The food was delicious and the service was perfect.  We were full, but left just enough room for the grand marnier souffle, which is straight from heaven.  The woman next to us said that she has them add a dash of amaretto to it when she gets it and it makes it even better.  Hard to believe it could get any better, but I am certainly going to give it a whirl next time!
5	Back in Vegas so went back to Morton's. Same food same service same civilized treatment from valet to valet. A very reasonable excellent choice, especially  for LV
3	The best part about our visit to this Morton's was our waitress, Karen.  She was great, had super suggestions and even let us in on a few secrets on how/what to order.  Normally, we LOVE Morton's!  This one was a bit disappointing.  The lettuce was a bit wilted, the hash browns too crisp and my fillet that I ordered medium rare came out medium and a bit burnt.  The veggies were great and we were too full for dessert, so we took it home.  I would suggest ordering your steak a bit under what you normally eat.  My wife ordered hers medium rare too and it was closer, but still not the normal Morton's excellence.  The place was only about half-full on a Friday night, so a "too-busy" cook or kitchen cannot be blamed.  Probably many other better steaks to be had in Vegas.
4	The skinny, the fillet minion was tasty, tender, but a bit too salty. What really stood out were the mash potatoes and the double Chocolate Mousse. It came with the best Raspberry garnish ever! Service was excellent, but the decor is your standard bland upscale steakhouse look.
5	I love this place. I have been lucky enough to go here a few times. I think the service is wonderful. The food is great. The bread is my favorite, so crunchy and the taste is heavenly, love my carbs. My filet Mignon was like butter. The grilled asparagus yummy, the creamed spinach always great. And the cheesecake. A little bit of NY to end a great meal. We had a vegan with us as this was a graduation ceremony, they made her a vegetable platter with vegetables she chose. Pretty great for a steak place. I can only hope for more visits here.
1	First off, I need to express that this place had some of the best service ever and this 1 star is for the food alone (as well as the prices [even if it was gifted, if I had to pay I would cry] - yikes). I believe that a restaurant has to have good food and good service for me to be a repeat customer and this place is a big DO NOT WANT for me as far as the food goes. Went here last night with a big party for my boyfriend's cousin's graduation. I noticed quickly that only the sides were vegetarian (obviously, this is a steak house) but after talking to the waiter he said that they could make a vegetable plate for me. I had high hopes since the last time this happened at Todd's who also lacked vegetarian entrees, and the food was spectacular. I also thought that since this place was as pricey as it was, anything I put in my mouth would be orgasmic. Unfortunately every single thing was bland as all get-out. First off, I tried the bread which looked great but they do not provide proper bread knives so the big fluffy bread ended up being smushed. It was also ridiculously flaky making a big mess and just didn't taste that great. My vegetable plate came and that's exactly what it was. It was literally giant vegetables just steamed - no herbs, no flavor, no spices - nothing. Totally disappointing. There was broccoli, a halved tomato, asparagus, cooked spinach, and portobello mushrooms which was the best part as those kind of mushrooms pack a lot of flavor by themselves. It was a huge plate but there was no punch. I tried some of the sides, the panko-encrusted onion rings and the mashed potatoes. Both were also almost flavorless but still kind of decent, but no way were they worth $10 each. Absolutely ridiculous pricing for something so very plain. The boyfriend and I shared a chocolate souffle for dessert which looked great but was kind of disgusting. It was a hot chocolate sludgy mess. The best part was the cream on the side. Not something I would order again. I was very disappointed with this restaurant. The absolutely impeccable service however could not make up for the awful food. The meat eaters at the table seemed happy with what they received but I was just in awe at how bland everything was. Service: 5/5Ambiance: 5/5Pricing: 1/5 (just... yikes.. when my boyfriend said it was $43 for his itty bitty filet mignon I almost choked)Food: 0/5 I really, really wanted to give this place a chance but if you're a vegetarian who has taste buds, stay far, far away.
5	Ohh this was a very nice place for dinner, Expensive yes , worth it yes ! The veggies with the sauces excellent ! STEAKS OUT OF THIS WORLD! I will go back yes
5	It was late at night and we got a corner table.  Service was excellent.  Very professional and attentive. My customers ordered a cut prime rib and it was undoubtedly the biggest piece of flesh I have ever seen served.  I had the Filet minion which was seasoned perfectly.
5	A very fancy and expensive restaurant.Amazing steaks. Everything was delicious and came in huge portions.They have a secret promotion that they do not have on the menu which includes dinner for 1 person and you get steak (Fliet Mignon, ribeye, ny strip, etc.) and seafood (Your choice of shrimp, crabcakes)  a salad, 1 extra side and desert all for $50 dollars. It's a lot of food though, so it can be shared between two people even though it's not supposed to. It's not on the menu because they want you to spend more the $50 worth of food.Our bill had a 50% off discount because a friend from my party also works in a Morton's in Miami.I would eat here again if I can afford it.
5	When we arrived at Morton's we were exhausted and we'd had a cruddy week working a convention. To be blunt, we didn't want to be there. Our friends insisted and treated us to dinner. They also ordered things we normally would avoid and force-fed us. Let me tell you, this was a GREAT thing. First off, you MUST have the Tuna Tartare. Yeah yeah - its raw and not your thing? Trust me, it's unbelievable. We tasted a bit just to be polite, then had to order one for ourselves because it's just that good. No fishiness at all, melt-in-your-mouth texture. I think this dish is reason enough to go there. After that we got some steaks and mushrooms, and I think we got every side available to share with the group. After one bite of that dinner, we forgot about our sucky day and had a great time. The server was attentive, classy and amusing. The food was outstanding. No wonder this place has the reputation they do. Don't expect to leave without emptying your wallet, but it's worth it.
5	My fiance and I wanted a nice restaurant venue -- that WASN'T in a casino--for our intimate 50 guest wedding so that we wouldn't have to bother with too many vendors and details and decorating. After looking at plenty of options (and believe me, Vegas has just too many), we wandered into Morton's and wandered out completely sure that Morton's was it. Their event coordinator was on the ball with every question we asked them, from children's menus, to available technological facilities (wireless or wired mic, ipod connection, and projection screen in 2 of their banquet rooms), to how much freedom we have to decorate, what's the party minimum (i believe 20-25 people), menus with price per person, what's included, everything. They even gave us dates that we could visit the facility before other wedding events so that we could see how it is set up. A week later the coordinator called us for some follow up, and we signed a contract with them soon thereafter.We never regretted it. The entire time they kept good communication with us, sometimes asking us about details that we hadn't thought about. The event coordinators were professional, on the ball, warm, friendly, and personal. They were responsive to even the smallest details that we asked them about, including getting the names and numbers of all our other vendors (cake and florist) just in case things didn't arrive while we were at the ceremony. They also set up our decorations the morning of, just as we asked them to. We couldn't have asked for more. In keeping with Morton's tradition, the food WAS DELICIOUS, the atmosphere was classy, and the waitstaff very skilled and professional, and they were honest: we paid more than we actually used (the guests didn't drink as much alcohol as we thought they would) and they gave us a check for amount we overpaid the same day. This is a refreshing breath after so many of the wedding horror stories I hear where venues take newlyweds for as much as they can.Our wedding reception was absolutely lovely. I highly recommend Morton's to anyone looking for a great intimate wedding venue-- or even a nice date night.
1	Guess you have to drop $40 here to get the waitstaff's attention. The bar was busy, but do I have to remind you to get my drink, which you forgot? Also, that my dish didn't come out at all?
5	We got to Morton's Steakhouse about 8pm and was greeted and seated immediately. Couldn't happen to notice that they personalized our menu's to say "Happy Birthday" for John!  Our waiter, Martin, was superb in explaining the menu! Everything sounded so yummy and it was hard to make a decision. So we went with every recommendation that Martin gave us! To start John ended up ordering the Sliced beefsteak tomato salad with blue cheese dressing. He shared one bit of that with me, which made my Caesar Salad seem less tasty and refreshing! It was the perfect combination of salad/dressing/awesomeness!! For dinner John got a Cajun marinated rib eye steak - if your mouth isn't watering now, it should be! It was the perfect blend of spices! Yup, he shared that with me too! I ordered the petite filet which was oh-so-tender! The knife went through each of our cuts like warm butter! To end our meal, the staff took a picture of us and comp'd our Legendary Morton's Hot Chocolate Cake! Order this ahead of time because it takes about 15 minutes to prepare! Well worth it though!!! It was topped with Powdered Sugar, Raspberries, and served with a side of Breyer's Vanilla Ice Cream. This was the absolute best meal I have ever had in my life! Can't wait to go back there again!
2	I go to a restaurant for the ambience as much as the food; good food makes it all the better. But when I came here, unfortunately, I didn't get much of either. The crowd was the business, after-work, snooty crowd - not much fun for my hubby and me. Service was fine. But the steak - which is supposed to be the best part - just didn't live up to my expectations. Nothing to write home about; pretty bland. Definitely not worth what you're paying for. I think I'm more of a Ruth's Chris fan.The best part was the presentation: When the server showed the plastic-looking lobster - AND IT MOVED - that part was fun!
5	Not a big fan of five star reviews because it basically makes me look like a schill.  I have been to this Morton's three times, two of them have been my past two birthdays.  The service has always been great and on your birthday they even print you up a menu with your name at the top as well as take your picture and sign a little card.  The food has always been amazing!  Whenever we have gone we've had the Steak and Seafood dinner for Two.  Each person gets a salad, entree, two veggie sides, a choice of seafood, and a dessert for a grand total of $109.  How can that be beat?  My steak has always been perfectly medium rare, the scallops are sizable, and the Lyonaise potatoes are delicious!  I'm not a big fan of Key Lime Pie but I think it is very good at Morton's.  And that Onion Loaf?  I could eat the whole thing!
5	Tom was awesome!  The food was incredible.  The crab cake appetizer was the best I ever had.
1	Save your money.  ordered milk for the kids and it was sour. waiter took it back but he did not apologize for the the milk. Appetizers, scallops was rubbery, shrimp alexander was okay.  double cut filet was tender, rib eyes and that include the bone it had a lot of cartilage and was not the best I have.  we did mention to our waiter that there was a lot of meat that was indigestible but he did not want to hear  the comments.  he pretty much ignored us.  the chocolate dessert was awesomel.  for what they charge. not worth your money.
3	Super Fancy! Dress up & make sure you are really hungry or have someone with you to share!! This place isn't for the kids... It's for Grown Folks!! The waiters are super awesome. I liked the chicken Christopher! The Steak was like 57 bucks!!! (but tasty). I do wish I read reviews before coming bc I wouldn't of brought my kids here. They were well behaved and quiet. ( we were NOT "those" people!!).
5	One of my regular hangs when I get into the City.  They offer free steak sliders at happy hour.  You can order off of the full menu in the bar.  The menu is pricey but well worth it!
4	Food is great, prices are high.  What can I say, it's MORTON'S!  The portions are huge but the waiters are so nice they will split any dish for you.   Trust me, splitting a dish still gives you a healthy "proper" portion size.  The meats are huge, the Salad's are huge, the potato was the size of my two fists side by side! and the dessert was very sharable.  Your bill will be more reasonable if you split the entree.  :)The bonus on our visit was that waitress was the sweetest, most helpful, kind, and patient wait staff I've EVER dealt with.   Even with all our quirky "split this", "does that have egg in it?" and "can we get that on the side?" questions and requests.  She had a great attitude and a lovely smile on her face throughout our visit.By the way, the happy hour menu looks pretty fantastic but we weren't in Vegas long enough to go back and try it.  I will definately do that if I go back.
1	Think twice about coming here!!! Seriously think twice!! This is probably the worst morton steakhouse in the country. I've been to los angeles and the beverly hills one but this one is definetely one of the worst in the country.We have a server who never introduced his name after we were waiting for more than 10 minutes. He then come by and say there was a mix up on whose table he supposed to serve on? What kind of management is that?? Considering that we even have reservation.It tooks 45 minutes to get some appetisers and then another hour for steak to arrive. Are you really that busy?? Do you know we are paying more than $600 to get that kind of treatment?Absolutely never come here. He even put the steak at the wrong place!! I ordered medium and get medium rare while my girl ordered a medium rare and get a medium. How f up can u be if you dont even know how to serve one table?  From my experience, I would never come to this steakhouse anymore, if you are in Las Vegas and u want to pay a satisfying steakhouse, go to Vick and Anthonys in Golden Nugget. Now thats' a steakhouse!!!!
4	I went to Morton's with my parents last weekend while we were in Vegas and had a blast.  This is my dad's favorite restaurant and they didn't disappoint us even though I wanted to try other to trendy places like Cut or Craft.  Yes, I can be a sucker marketing and ambiance.  Regardless of my bias, our waiter was cool, the food was just as delicious as a Cut, Craft or Boa.  Plus, we had fun and enjoyed leaving with a picture from the night.  The prices are a little high if you have alcohol with dinner, but we had a coupon for free desserts with each entree.  I noticed that they have a great happy hour to offset the dinner prices.My favorite desserts in order from best to least favorite - key lime pie, hot chocolate cake and carrot cake.  Although the carrot cake was my least favorite, they were all great endings.  Now about the main course - the porterhouse was phenomenal, especially with the sauteed spinach, mushrooms and onions.  It's too bad they no longer have the mac' n cheese.  The sea bass that my dad had was flavorful, but I'm a bigger fan of red meat.  Enjoy.
5	I was there in April 2011- for my uncles birthday celebration... We received quality customer service and of course my meals was delicious :) plus we got memorable picture taken which make memories last forever!!!
4	I live in Burbank and there is another Morton's there so we had better food here in Burbank. Vegas Morton's food was ok.
3	Hate to say it, but everything was great except for my steak.  I ordered the Ribeye.  It was one of the fattiest cuts I have ever had.  My guest had the filet and it was delicious.  I've had Ribeyes in the past and do not remember them having big chunks of fat the way this one did.  Service was excellent, sides were excellent, dessert was excellent.  Only reason I give 3 stars is because of my cut of meat.
4	This is a SOLID high end steakhouse. I LOVE traditional steakhouses and this one fits the bill!The steak is excellent. I had a rare porterhouse and it was extremely tender on Both sides. The sides were good and the deserts, well damn.... Some of the best carrot cake I've ever had.The service was friendly and well informed, just like you'd expect. Unfortunately, they hit my pet peeve and it kept them from getting a five star rating. I had to ask for more to drink after my glass was empty. The wine glasses they kept full for others, but my club soda ran dry multiple times. That pushed them down a notch for me.I'd still go back though. I promise you that!
4	Great Place for Valentine day dinner!!!! I took my gf to here and walked out HAPPY! Service: good, i felt kind of weird when our waiter comes by every time and when he takes our order or check on us, he blinks continuously.  But overall, service was great.Food: we order the seafood platter(chilled), ribeye steak, and filet migon. seafood: everything was super cold, all the seafood portion(lobster, oyster, shrimp, crab meat, scallop)  was a little small for me if Im paying $50. But everything was good except for the oyster. Dont get me wrong the quality was excellent, but i ate one, there was tons of small fragments of their shell on it. I had to spit it out, what a waste of good oyster.ribeye: EXCELLENT!!!! High end quality and taste was perfect, super big, worth the money. filet: the gf asked for medium well, we got medium well, i told her to tell the waiter,but she sticked with it. Blood was ozooing out and the meat was super red. Overall like it. if your looking for a great place to go with ur gf or bf (for you ladies and guys), then this is the place.
4	Came on a sunday right when they opened at 5 for a nice happy hour date.Loved the vibe and decor. Dark wooden walls and floors, blood red velvet chairs with hints of gold trim. Definitely a classy looking joint for a good steak.Unfortunetly, we didnt get any steaks, just the seafood platter and many many oysters!The platter for two and just enough crab, the lobster was very juicy, shrimp was meaty, and the oysters were so big and delicious we ordered a dozen more on the side. Couldnt resist!!!It also came with 2 large seared scallops but were chilled. The cajun spice coating was great, but being used to eating hot seared scallops it threw me off a bit.Got the brussel sprouts as a side, served with bacon bits and shallots. What doesnt taste good with bacon and shallots, seriously! Delicious!Potato bread was nice and warm, fluffy, perfect.Best part....dessert!!!They brought a live dessert menu over with all the choices on the platter!! Soooo cool.We chose the creme brulee and cheesecake. The brulee had perfectly flamed sugar crust almost like a layer of candy! The creme was sweetened nicely, and the cheesecake was served plain with strawberrys. I just wish they would have served it with some sort of sauce.With all this, cappucinos, and a round of drinks, the bill came to 140, I was impressed.All in all great service, sound ambience, and excellent job with the food. I WILL be back, especially for those oysters! Good job Mortons on my first visit
5	my honey was looking for a good steak house in Vegas and this one came highly recommended. Everything from the bread, to the salad and the filet mignon was to die for. nicely aged and very tender. my beloved had the porterhouse. the service was magnificent.  lovely and romantic.
5	It's not going to be cheap, but if you're looking for a great meal, it will be worth it! I had the NY strip, and we tried both the hot and cold seafood platter appetizers (I went with a large group). The steak was juicy and cooked perfectly. The seafood was ah-mazing - oysters, lobster, shrimp, everything good on one plate - served with various sauces for dipping. For dessert, we had a birthday at the table and ordered chocolate and vanilla cakes to share with all - they were to die for, and I don't even really like cake! Everything they do at Morton's, they do well. I would recommend this steakhouse any day!
4	Who doesn't love Morton's? Nom, nom, nom...
5	I enjoy a good steak as much as anyone, and can honestly say that the meal I had here is one of the best I ever had. My ribeye was melt-in-your-mouth tender, and the baked potato I had as a side was piping hot. My wife and I split a piece of hot chocolate cake for dessert, and that was great, too. Yes, it's expensive (we wouldn't have gone here if not for an awesome wedding present), but it was well worth it.
5	This is the best Mortons of the six we have visited. If I'm going to drop $200+ for dinner for two (no wine or drinks) then this is where I want to do it. The bone in  Filet Mignon was so tough I had to put pressure on my fork to cut it. The prime rib for two - amazing. The jumbo Lump Crab cake - devine, the carrot cake - fantastic.Ask for Mark Amirr.
4	We were greeted promptly and shown to a nice table in the middle of the room. Our waiter was excellent, he accomodated and entertained us while providing great service. My bibb lettuce salad with balsamic vinagrette, blue cheese, walnuts and apples was superlative, one of the best salads I have experienced in quite some time. My portherhouse steak was perfect in cut flavor and cooked a perfect medium rare. We saved no room for dessert but the presentation was tempting. I have no complaints.
5	Catching up on my reviews while visiting the other side of the country.OK - here is where I had my reception for my wedding - and i am NOT the least bit dissapointed.  The staff was extremely helpful, polite and "over the top".  The food was perfection.  I never thought I could get excited over a spinach salad - but let me tell you - to die for!  OH and get the shrimp cocktail - what a pleasant surprise to see it arrive - GREAT presentation.  Thank you Morton's!
3	Anything over medium rare is blasphemy (only tolerated if you're preggo in my books, okay?) and my experiences at Morton's of San Francisco did not go smoothly.I found Morton's here to be a tad better. Service was prompt and everything.They made special menus for my friend's bachelorette dinner with her name on it but had the date completely wrong. It was July but the menu said April (haha) They quickly reprinted new ones with the right month.I admit, I had low expectations walking in. There are a plethora of exceptional steakhouses in Vegas, the strip is just chock full of them. However, Morton's was do-able.I always order medium rare. Like I said, anything done over that is just carnivorous sin. I think Morton's and I need a  steak cooking 101 because some sort of lost in translation thing is going on. My definition of medium rare is a warm red center. What happens at Morton's? It comes pink. This happens at the San Francisco location as well.*sigh*I would have sent it back if I weren't starving from being on a liquid diet. Don't get me wrong!! I don't mean I was actually ON a liquid diet. I meant the Vegas diet. You know, booze.Anyway.
4	I like Steak. I like establishments that specialize in Steak. I like Morton's.It had been a while since I had dinner at Morton's on paradise Road.. I dropped in recently for dinner with a buddy. I love the feel of the more 'classic style' rooms. I know that Morton's is by no means an icon on the food scene in Las Vegas, but it is definitely a nice change of pace to dining on the Strip or at one of the pricier steakhouses (which I also love, too much;) Morton's was recently acquired by Landry's, and thus a few things changed.. nothing really in terms of quality, just a few more promotions and a few additions to the food menu. I drop in for Happy Hour now and then, and sometimes for a full dinner. The room is comfortable, the drinks are stiff, and some of my favorite servers have been there for years. Every time, the staff is warm and smiling and the food is consistently good. What else can you ask for?If you have't had a chance to go or haven't been in awhile.. stop by. I think you will find a sense of quality at Morton's that has been missing on the dining scene lately.  Happy Eating!
3	2012 Fall Restaurant Week Dinner #1It's on the corner of E Flamingo & Paradise. I've never dined at a Morton's. I took Restaurant Week as the perfect opportunity to try these "never been" places. Not that I need a good reason to eat out... ;)$50.12/person. Three courses.What did we order?1st CourseBaked Onion SoupChopped House Salad2nd Course6oz Double Cut Prime Pork Chop8oz Filet Mignon ($5 upcharge)AccompanimentsHorse Radish Mashed PotatoesGrilled Jumbo Asparagus3rd CourseCreme BruleeChocolate MousseMy boyfriend didn't care for the soup, but I thought it was quite tasty. The chopped salad wasn't made well, the bleu cheese was in big chunks, so some bites you got none, other bites you got a big glob. Don't get me wrong, I love bleu cheese. It should be sprinkled on salad, right?!It was the first time I had horseradish mashed potatoes. It was good, but I think my tongue was waiting for garlic, which I used to. My boyfriend brought home the leftover, so there you go. Worth eating again. Lol..I'm happy to say the stars of the meal were the meats, as it should be at a place like Morton's. Both medium-rare, they were cooked to perfection and oh so tender. Slightly seasoned to give that great crust on the outside. Yum! They offered a Bearnaise sauce with the filet mignon, but as a steak should be, it was delicious just as is. I enjoy ordering pork chops, I learned that only great steakhouses make it right, since pork is so prone to becoming dry if not cooked correctly. Morton's pork chop was very good.We both enjoyed the desserts. The creme brulee had the perfect caramelized crunchy sweet top you love to crack open. The chocolate mousse was unusually thicker than most mousses, but my boyfriend devoured it still. It was a good dinner. Attentive service. It's been a while since I ate at a steakhouse where a maitre d lead you to your table. Want to give 4 stars but something is stopping me. Maybe I've been a bit spoiled dining at such great steakhouses here in Vegas, Prime, SW, etc.I'll try to be a Morton's fan next time around...
4	Their steaks are incredible - what can I say? Service is superb. The only thing stopping me short of a five star rating is the price of course - but you get what you pay for. Their sides are good but not outstanding and their desserts are also very good - again nothing that I would write home over however.
4	My husband and I enjoyed our 6th anniversary at Morton's Las Vegas. We both enjoyed the crab cake appetizer. Coming from a non-seafood lover (me) that is saying a lot. I ordered the filet with a bourbon sauce - The sauce is the BOSS! We both shared the carrot cake for dessert. It was good as well, but a little too sweet for me. The service was good. I am sure we will be visiting Morton's again.
5	Delicious. Absolutely delicious. Morton's is now just barely a few points behind my favorite high-end steak chain, Ruth's Chris.We came by for my buddy's big 4-OH NO!!! excellent choice for such a grand occassion. located Off Strip, but not too far, this spot is easily accessible. we were actually pretty glad to find out it was a stand alone spot so we didn't have to mess around with all the rigamarole of walking through casinos. Very classy looking steakhouse. clean and modern but still sensible to all that a steakhouse is. after starting off with an old fashioned and a beer at the bar, we headed off to our table. table side bread and butter started us off by our friendly server. then a dozen oysters for our group of 7. i hate to be cliche and all, but, those oysters tasted sooooo "fresh". surprising since we're out in the middle of the desert. the menu was classic high-end steak house. the steaks ranged from high $30s to triple digit $$$. poultry and seafood were also offered. side items were obviously charged separate. the potates and veggies ranged from $8 to $20. they also offered surf and turf combo specials for $50. not bad for this place. oh, and we got a couple bottles of J Lohr Cab for the table. don't ask how much these $18 bottles cost at this spot. I ordered the 22oz Chicago Style Prime Bone-In Ribeye for $57, medium. Mama ended up having the Salmon and Shrimp. mama did give me some of her seafood, but, i couldn't honestly tell you how it was since all i CAN remember was my beautiful steak. oh, my beautiful steak.... (pause to reflect) juicy. tender. flavorful. buttery. rich. heavenly. scrumptious. foodgasmic. nom nom.i'm out of words to describe it. i'm not going to try. you have to get your own and then break out the thesaurus. we closed off with the obligatory and apparently famous, Mortons' Molton Lava Cake and Ice Cream. man. can i re-use those adjectives for that? not a good thing to have to split two servings of that between a chocolate whore (me) and everyone else. excellent way to finish dinner. the meal was just amazing. the company even more so. if we have a chance and/or resources to drop a couple (or three) benjamins for a dinner in Vegas again, we may just return.
5	Cant say I have ever had a bad Morton's dining trip or experience !!  Actually it is an experience but fair warning... there have been menu changes since Lowrys bought Morton's. I have always had the best service at Morton's and often bring guests, family visitors or business associates here. True, the cart with the meat and veggie presentation is "no more". This is a true "Chicago" style steak house with fair portion sizes. The sides are served family style. Cant say I am a big fan of the Macaroni and Cheese but it is back on the menu. The bacon topped Brussels sprouts are to die for !! Some locations have the steaks on display, be warned if you don't like to see meat !  This location displays the wines around the room and in a cooler in the back of the place as well. Our family enjoys sitting near the kitchen area to watch the prep but not near the kitchen doors. My reservation requests for times and booths have always been honored. Steak is always tasty but I have had a couple of times where it was under-cooked and sent back for more fire. The maitre d'  will arrange Morton's out of town dining if you are travelling. This was done for us for our Las Vegas trip last year 2011 and again this year 2012. Deserts range from rich chocolate cake, apple pies, ice creams to various berry dishes with heavy Italian desert cream and if you ask at the start of the meal , a hot lava chocolate cake can be prepared.
4	Steak was awesome.  Only reason I'm only giving 4stars is because it's so expensive. Oh well, if it was more affordable I would come in more often
3	I've been to many different Morton's before and I've got to say this is probably the worst one. We went here for new years, my wife's filet wasn't cooked right and mine was over done. They sent it back and it came back acceptable, but what really bothered us was some supposedly famous person was being extremely loud and annoying. It got so bad that we had to move to another table, the waiter mentioned that they couldn't ask him to leave because he was a personal friend of the owner. Well he ended up fighting with several other guests whom all ended up leaving.
5	A+! Excellent ribeye, cesar salad, and au gratan potatoes. Very courteous and attentive staff.
3	We came here for the first time on our anniversary.  Maybe it's because we had to bring our kids with us, that they sat us in the very back.  Me and my husband were jokingly saying amongst each other that maybe they sat us completely isolated from other guests because we were the only Filipin
5	I'm looking at other reviews, so I must have had amazing experiences the other times I've been here, and most recently, for my birthday dinner. I love it  when you give Morton's a heads up that you're there for a special occasion, they will provide a customized menu with the mention of it :). Heck, they even ask if you want a picture of the night and present it to you in a lovely personalized card. How sweet. It's the little touches that I love! Utilized that complimentary valet and walked right in to our booth with hot bread already awaiting us! Brandon was our waiter for the night and that guy was absolutely awesome on service from beginning to the very end. Professional and personable, he made the experience of dining here is worth it over the other steeakhouses throughout Vegas.You can't go wrong with the Cajun Ribeye steak. It's a lotta meath!!! (that's what she said!)I tried the 6 oz. filet mignon with 3 grilled shrimp and 2 bacon wrapped scallops. OMG...this was so damn good! You get variety of meat, but boy on boy, they cook the scallops here so perfect, they melt in your mouth! Delish!!!!This location didn't quite get the sauteed brussels sprouts down--that needs improvement.Bacon and onion mac and cheese here is decadent. DECADENT.Get a split of a chopped spinach salad to pretend that you got something remotely "healthy" at a steakhouse ;). It's good nonetheless from that reason.With all that food, definitely save room for their desserts. I opted for their chocolate lava cake with vanilla ice cream to round out our gluttony. I won't lie, I think I popped one of my pant's buttons.All in all, this Morton's location has never failed me!
5	Another PERFECT dining experience. Perfect food, perfect service, warm and friendly staff. This was my second time at Morton's. This time I had the Cajun Rib-eye. It was cooked to perfection and had a wonderful crust. We started with escargot and shared sides of horseradish mashed potatoes and mushrooms with spinach.We finished with chocolate lava cake and ice cream. I have no criticisms of Morton's AND I AM VERY PICKY.
5	This place is great! Top of the line, fine dining... Awesome experience!!
5	Call me blasphemous but I didn't order a steak when I came here late one night for their happy hour (10-close). Instead, I sat at the bar and ordered a couple of manhattans and their burger and fries.First manhattan was good; nothing amazing, but it was great for a well drink.Second was their current drink special, a barrel-aged concoction with corn whiskey, antica vermouth, and peach bitters. It's 15 dollars but very, very much worth it: the drink is phenomenal, subtle and smooth, and it's served with a raquetball-sized sphere of ice so it stays cool without getting watery.The burger here might have been my favorite of all time; 20 dollars but worth every penny. Big, beefy, and the juiciest I've ever eaten -- definitely the best I've had in LV and a great splurge for payday.Will probably be back next time my paycheck looks too fat.
5	Fantastic Dinner from the moment we walked in. The bar staff was excellent and our waiter Jose never made us wait a second for anything. Our Filet's were cooked perfectly and the rest of dinner was absolutely top notch. Only slight downside which we knew going in was that their wines were severely overpriced compared to other restaurants. As an example a $12 Cab which we had the night before at PF Chang's for $26 was over $50. Not to mention their least expensive bottles were $45 and these equated to $6-8 bottles of wine.
5	I am in town currently on business and I usually try to go to Morton's wherever I am in the country. This one is just as nice as any other. I sat at the bar and ordered a Caesar salad, and a 8oz filet. Both items were delicious and the steak was cooked as ordered.The service was great as well. I was the only person at the bar though. The location is a bit strange, in what seems like a dumpy part of town, at least in the eyes of an out-of-towner, but the inside was very nice. They do offer valet parking for all of the up-front parking spaces, and self park is in the back. I'll probably go back tonight.
1	Morton's The Steakhouse was one of my favorite restaurants. I have spent about $2500 at Morton's in six months. The first two visits were perfect. Unfortunately our last visit was a serious disappointment. The food was good, but the service was poor. Our table was too small for seven people and was right outside of the kitchen, but the real bad-apple was the server. She was inattentive, slow and error-prone. She didn't even bring out the dessert cart, and it was my Mom's 93rd birthday. I filled out the survey and scored it appropriately. The manager later called and seemed a little lackadaisical. I told him the story; he promised to send a gift card.I just received a gift card for $25. That's right... $25, after spending $2500!The gift card came from Sr. Vice President of Operations, Tim Whitlock. I really can't think of a better slap-in-the-face than a $25 gift card, after spending $2500.
5	Morton's is still one of the best steakhouses in Vegas.  My wife and I go to Morton's 2-3 times a year and we've had a great experience every time.  We went recently for our anniversary and Morton's presented us with a custom menu for the occasion.  They also took our picture and presented it to us in a Morton's picture holder.  The service here is simply amazing and we always feel welcome.But the real reason to come here is the food.  Morton's typically has some fixed-price menu options that they don't advertise, but the servers will tell you about them if you ask.  My wife and I had the $60 Steak and Seafood special, which is a great deal.  We started with the chopped spinach salad with warm bacon dressing, which tastes amazing.  The main course was a filet with your choice of seafood item, I chose the lump crab cake and my wife had the Shrimp Alexander, both excellent.  We got the lyonnaise potatoes and green beans as sides and both were great.  You get a choice of dessert with this deal, so I went with the chocolate lava cake, my personal favorite.  Lots of places do the chocolate lava cake now, but none are as good as Morton's.  I didn't get it this visit, but I would also highly recommend the Cajun Ribeye.  It is simply one of the most flavorful steaks you will ever have.
5	My favorite happy hour in Vegas.  I go there 2-4 times a week for their amazing happy hour at the bar.  They offer $7 filet mignon trio & crab cake BLT's.  Crazy good deal.  I can't even buy the ingredients for that kind of price.  Selected Beers are $5.50, Wine $7 & $8 for cocktails.  Ask their friendly bartenders for more info on happy hour cocktail deals. They also offer Steak & seafood specials at the restaurant for $59.99.  That includes salad, filet mignon, choice of seafood (scallops, shrimp, crab cake or lobster tail), side item & desert.  It's an amazing deal.  Must try their legendary hot chocolate cake!  So good!  The service is top notch even during the happy hour at the bar.
1	We ordered a filet mignon and it had no flavor at all. I mean zero, no salt , pepper, nothing. When I go to an expensive steakhouse with a 1000 degree steak oven/grill, I expect a crunchy seared outside with a soft tender inside - which is something I can not get at home with my GE oven. Well my home cooked steak was a thousand times better and more flavorful. Also, ordered the halibut and it was dry, no flavor and not worth the price. It must have been frozen. When asked how I liked the meal, I was honest and told them it was not good. The server was very good and they offered us free desert,  etc. but that's not what  we were looking for.  We just wanted a great meal and never got it. Also, ordered truffle fries and they brought regular fries and charged $13.00. Vegas has so many better steak places and I will never go here again.
5	I come into town for business and every time I do I come here.  Why? Service and consistency.  The steak is always cooked EXACTLY the same way when I order it every time.Levy and Gabriel are my go to servers.  They are the bomb.  I was there a month ago on July 19th and the power went out.  They were all pro during the power outage and handled it like pros. If you like steak, great drinks, wine, sides, and dessert; come here.
5	All I can say is I love this place!  5 star stuff.   Go, its stellar!   National chain doing it right!   Bravo!
1	Wow. Just wow. I am amazed at how much Morton's has changed. I hadn't eaten at Morton's for years, so seeing it was apart of Restaurant Week 2013 it seemed like a good time to go back. Too bad we couldn't go back in time to when I remember Morton's being an excellent place to eat!. I made the reservation a few days before, but after arriving I don't think that reservation would have mattered because they were not busy at all and the bar was dead. They did have a menu board after you walk inside promoting Restaurant Week and the RW menu they were offering. After being seated in a comfy booth, a gentleman came over to take our drink order and inform us that he was glad we were seated away from the construction dust. Say what?!?! He said they were doing some remodeling and we got lucky seats. Gee thanks... Not! I wasn't prepared to start off the evening hearing about that and feel he should have kept it to himself. Some things you just don't relay back to the customers.Our server, Jessie, was attentive checking on us often and never letting our drinks get half empty. Jessie went over the RW menu with us and answered any questions we had. A large "Onion Loaf" was brought to the table with some whipped butter. This is a big loaf! I thought it was good, but seriously it tasted like the onion bun on the beef n cheddar at Arby's. For the RW menu the price was $50.13 per person. For the first course I chose the "Chopped Salad" and I have to say this was the one thing I really enjoyed. The chunks of blue cheese were amazing! I loved having such good sized chunks of blue cheese throughout the salad. The extra fresh cracked pepper I requested was nice too. For the 2nd course, I chose the 8oz filet well-done. Yep, I ordered a steak well-done! Get over it, it's MY steak! The filet is a thicker cut of meat, so when cooked properly it can still melt in your mouth even well-done! This was the first time in my entire life that I have ordered a well-done filet that didn't need to be butterflied. The steak lacked flavor and certainly didn't melt in my mouth. Even the crispy parts lacked flavor! I don't know if Morton's is being cheap with the RW menu, or if they really have gone downhill, but this steak isn't anything close to what I have had here in the past. You can clearly see by the RW pictures posted and other pictures posted that Morton's slims down the portion size on some dishes when you order from RW menu. Tsk Tsk! The sides hubby and I chose (came with the 2nd course) were the "Sour Cream Mashed Potatoes" and "Lyonnaise Potatoes" since we weren't fond of the other options. The mashed potatoes were creamy yet had soft chunks of potato in it too. I thought the mashed potatoes were actually decent. The lyonnaise potatoes on the other hand were terrible. The pictures of previous yelpers lyonnaise potatoes looks different from what we got. First off the onions were chewy and nasty. Eating the onions was like chewing on grass. Gross! The potatoes were straight up french fries! This dish was a fail.So it came time for dessert and I knew I wanted the "Key Lime Pie" I just didn't know it would also be a fail. Key lime pie is one of my favorites (had the worst before this occasion in Florida believe it or not!) and I didn't think Morton's would be the worst ever key lime pie I have eaten. As it was placed in front of me, I could smell some fresh lime and grew excited. Pffft the only thing "lime" about this pie was the few lime zests they scattered on top. That was the smell, just some lime zest. This pie had no tartness at all! It was just bland and like eating nothing. I did not finish it since it bored and disappointed me. I started eating at The Mint, or today known as top of Binions, Hugo's Cellar, etc. at a very young age. My parents taught us how to have manners and how privileged it was for someone of our age to be eating in a place like that. To this day we still eat at those places and have the same exact manners. Unfortunately, somewhere along the way rules changed because there were 2 others tables seated near us about half way through our meal. At one table there was a guy wearing light colored jeans and a baseball cap. At the other there was a boy, maybe 6 or 7, making loud sounds, running around the table in circles waving his arms in the air, and the father laughing and encouraging it. I remember when if your jeans weren't dark enough you weren't allowed to dine. A baseball cap is just disrespectful, and the kid running around with no control isn't just the parents fault, but Morton's too. Like I mentioned earlier, the place wasn't very busy and this kid and his noises were obvious enough that someone at Morton's should have said something. They would have when I was younger so what has changed now? I am not paying a good chunk of change to have that going on around me. Because of yelps character limit, Morton's should be glad I can't comment any further! :)
1	Came to Morton's for restaurant week. The price was $50.13 per person and they had a special menu where you could pick between a couple different things. We started out with a large loaf of onion bread. The bread wasn't bad but I could only eat so much. Next came the French onion soup. I could have picked up and drank it in 3 gulps it was so small. The soup had a very bland flavor. Then my steak and sides came. The filet was cooked the way I asked and didn't taste bad but certainly isn't worth what they are charging. I have had better steak at high end steakhouses on the strip. The sides I shared with my wife, we had the sour cream mashed potatoes and lyonnaise potatoes. The mashed was not bad but the lyonnaise potaotes were just gross. The onions were very overcooked and chewy. The potatoes weren't at all what my wife showed me in other pictures on yelp. Then came dessert. I chose the strawberry cheesecake and it couldn't have been anymore flavorless. The portions for restaurant week were way smaller then if you just came in and ordered from their regular menu which is a scam to me. The food just wasn't good and a waste of money.Our server was very good. He checked on us often. One of the servers mentioned that Morton's was undergoing a remodel and said we were lucky to be seated in a booth in the corner because then we wouldn't be bothered by dust like some other customers. You should never ever talk about that with people about to eat in your restaurant.  The parking sucks. The front of the restaurant is reserved for valet only. All other patrons must park behind the restaurant and walk around. Not very classy.
5	Great meal and nice bottle of wine. Had the 4 course local special. Nice filet and chocolate lava cake.
2	Sizzle then fizzle...  Not how I remembered Morton's, at all. Went here for a biz dinner, and needless to say I did not score any points with the clients. Lobster bisque was an amazing starter and had by all, but main courses were a major disappointment.   Steaks were ordered med well and came out med rare.  Tender and tasty, but not prepared to our liking. Bacon wrapped scallops undercooked, tasted very fishy and registered complaint.  The waiter apologized three times and made a point to say this was only the second complaint re: scallops in over two years. Don't they teach you to just let it go after one apology? Bacon mac and cheese was poor and tasted grainy like it was rolled in desert sand. Twice baked aug potatoes were excellent.  Credit was applied for scallops on bill but noted "did not like" for the reason credit given on the check. Dessert was skipped for obvious reasons, but should have been offered as a make good in my book. Going to save the money and go to Applebees next time...
5	This is my new hot spot for happy hour.I usually go there for the bar 9pm happy hours. They have some good happy hour menu like 7 dollars Filet Mignon Trio,Three Prime Cheeseburgers and Tuna Tacos.. Those are my favorite dishes.It is great place to chill,chit chat, enjoy food and drinks at the same time.I made their membership card with 25 dollars but once you get the card.. you get 25 dollars credit so nothing to lose.I like this place a lot.
1	This place was terrible. Went there on New Year's Eve at 5 PM. There was literally no other people in the restaurant. We had a party of 7. The service was slow. Didn't bring us more water after asking a few times. Ordered a few steaks, one medium, the other two medium rare and they arrived not even hot and all of them seemed to be just a little more cooked than rare. Way overpriced. Will never go to this Morton's or any others.
5	I went to Morton's for dinner last night and was once again blown away.I ordered the bacon steak for an appetizer, it was a really thick cut if pork belly cooked well done. It was rich, juicy and perfectly seasoned. They must cure it in house because it is nothing like store bought bacon.For dinner I had their house red wine, a Chicago bone in ribeye a lb of king crab legs and the button mushrooms with spinach. My steak was perfectly marbles and cooked amazing. It still blows my mind that Morton's can get a beautiful crispy outside in a steak while keeping the inside properly cooked rare. The king crab was fresh and served hot despite that the legs were split down the middle. I find most restaurants end up serving it cold because it takes a while to split them, not Morton's; they nailed the timing.Morton's is the most expensive dinner I have ever had, and I may have gone a little bit overboard getting an entire lb of crab to myself, but I would have happily paid even more for perfection.
4	It was my friend's birthday and her family reserved one of the private dining rooms for dinner since this was one of their favorite restaurants. The room was elegant and spacious and featured one long dining table. At the end of the room was a display table which was perfect for the two-tiered birthday cake.The menu was pre-arranged with specific main course items to choose and side dishes for the group to share. I chose the Double Cut Filet Mignon, medium rare. The steak was huge! A tad overdone, but it was easy to overlook based on the flavor and tenderness. The sides: Steamed Jumbo Asparagus, Lyonnaise Potatoes, Sour Cream Mashed Potatoes, Bacon and Onion Macaroni & Cheese, and Bernaise Sauce. All done really well and importantly, delicious! Everything about the meal was decadent. It was difficult to finish the steak (the double cut isn't messing around), let alone eat more than just a spoonful of each of the sides.Service was phenomenal and the dinner ran smoothly. I can imagine that if they can organize and successfully execute a 20-person party, a regular dinner for two would be a breeze. It's been a while since my visit, but this is definitely one of the better steakhouses in the city.
4	I've been a filet snob since working at a few steakhouse years ago.The "power hour"  Filet Trio is the best!Amazing sauces complement the perfectly cooked filet. A bargain for $7.I also had the BLT crab cakes ($7), these were also good but dry, so I asked for mayo and lemon. That did the trick!Drinks are a bit steep, well they are for me, cause I'm used to free or almost free!I had an $8 Manhattan that was very good. Draft beer is $5.50, not that pricey. The "Power Hour" is 4:30 to 6:30, every day but Saturday, and this is the best time to come for appetizers. When I was there at 6, there were plenty of seats at the bar and also lots of bar tables available.
5	Stopped in for a little Happy Hour with John at the bar.... that Filet Trio was TO DIE FOR!
5	My $51 Cajun rib eye cooked medium was perfect. Added $5 of blue cheese butter just for the halibut (pun). Where it gets just plain ridiculous is the $15 genetically modified Chinese potato. Made 3 or 4 different ways for the same price. Nevertheless, I go for and will always go for my favorite steak here.
5	Ate Valentines dinner there last night and had a lovely filet with crab and asparagus on top. At the last minute I called and asked for two more to join us and they said great. Best meal I've had in Vegas so far.
5	We had a long week at the CES show in Vegas.  We celebrated our hard work by having 11 of us dinning in the private room.  We first went to the bar waiting for everyone to arrive.  I had to reorder two drinks as they didn't taste right.  Once seated, we had a great time sharing the plates of the various appetizers.  I ordered the 16 Oz. Australian lobster tail and it was amazing.  It was literally the best that I've eaten in my life.  I highly recommend trying it.  We had great service and the food was prepared perfectly.  The only downside I would say was the alcohol.  I ordered a long island and I never had a buzz.  It had been clearly watered down.  Overall it was a great meal and service.
4	My husband took me there for my birthday last night, and we had a very nice time!The atmosphere was nice, our server was awesome and the food was excellent! We will be back for more!!!
5	Morton's Steak House was pretty impressive. We went for a friends birthday and I ordered the 6oz filet, with shrimp & scallops and it was all really good. It very pricey, table of 9 and the bill was $675 but the food was fresh, delicious and I was stuffed when I left.
5	It is hard to go wrong with Mortons! I've been a Mortons customer off and on for years and have never had a bad experience.  I like the fact this particular restaurant is just off the strip. We have never had trouble getting in, even without reservations.  As a Vegas local, I have probably been there 4-5x in the past year mostly special occasions like birthdays, family celebrations, valentines day, etc. A few times we went to other restaurants but had issues that caused us to change our minds upon arrival such as table issues, customer service, etc. When in doubt or in a jam we always go back to Mortons. The staff is very friendly and shows real quality customer service. It is a very classy romantic feel in the restaurant. Everytime I have been there I have felt important and welcome. I love the fact they even take a picture at your table for you, and give it to you to preserve the memory.  Its a nice personalized touch. It is hard to find something bad on the menu. The oysters are great, the seafood ocean sampler platter is off the hook a mix of scallops wrapped in bacon, oysters rockefeller, stuffed shrimp and crab cakes.  The Bone in Rib Eye cooked medium is still one of the best steaks I have ever had. Any dish with the shrimp/pasta is great also.  No doubt I will be back in the future.
2	I really wanted to like this place because I love a great steak! My wife and I made reservations for date night (we are locals) and we set the reservation for an earlier time (6:30) to beat the rush. when we arrived we looked for a parking space and all of them were blocked off for valet parking. We then proceeded to the back parking and again blocked off except for 40 or so spaces which were filled by what i would say was the staff. We had to park next door in the strip mall because I do not trust the valet to drive my truck, we then had to scale a 3 foot wall to get to the front door. We  went inside and were seated promptly as there was only a few customers inside. Once I saw the amount of staff standing around watching us be seated I understood the parking situation, I counted at least 17 waiters not to mention the support staff and kitchen help. Now for the service, the waiter was prompt but understanding his accent was difficult. We ordered our meal and asked for water to drink. The waiter then placed our order and came back to us and asked if we were Mormon I explained to him we don't drink and drive and we were not Mormon just responsible. Our meal came and it was mediocre the steaks were good but not $50 plus good per steak. When all said and done the meal was almost $200.00 and the best part of the meal was the asparagus and the chocolate cake. Sorry Morton's  a steak should have a little flavor.
4	I loved this place. I took my boyfriend for his birthday. Definitely make reservations! They asked if it was for a special occasion.  we arrived we were greeted with happy birthday wishes, and we sat down to a table with menus that were made for him for his birthday. We got to take them home as well. They took a picture of us and put it in a nice frame. I ordered the secret garden cocktail which was amazingly refreshing. He ordered a rye whiskey drink. both were amazing. we than ordered an mozzarella wrapped in prosciutto. TO DIE FOR!!!! I ordered the Cajun aged rib eye. He is had the 5 peppercorn streak. I loved it!!! soo worth it. The only reason i didnt give it a 5 rating was the service once at the table was rough. It took forever to get our drinks. The waiter came down to our table to talk to us about specials they had, and we told him we were ready to order and he told us to think about it and walked away.....
5	Filet Trio is the Ultimate!  Nice cozy atmosphere great service and delicious bites! Prime burger bites are amazing
4	I've eaten here a few times and have enjoyed the food every time. The only exception is twice now the waiter has either not understood or the cook didn't understand what medium on a steak was supposed to look like which was a tad bit irritating since this is a steak house. Their Crab Cakes are great. I usually order the Filet which is usually pretty good but not the best I've had. The Steamed Jumbo Asparagus is actually good (I usually don't like asparagus), the Bacon and Onion Mac and Cheese is good but I've had better for a rich mac and cheese, all of their potato dishes have been good and their Morton's Legendary Hot Chocolate Cake is amazing. This is a must if you get dessert, you have to order at the same time as dinner as it takes a bit to make but my mother loves this and I see why. Pretty darn good for a steakhouse, as long as our steaks are cooked properly we're happy and continue to come back to multiple locations.
5	As a fellow employee in the service industry, it is rare that I feel so strongly as to write a review about the excellence I experienced, but Morton's hit it out of the park. I work in a fine dining outlet and have been in the industry for years and rarely have I felt so welcomed. I came in after a bad experience at another restaurant with my wife for dessert and the manager mike and his service team, consisting of server Charles and several others who provided support made a successful recovery of what would have been a pitiful night. I cannot attest to the good quality yet, but I know personally that I will be back to fully experience what they have to offer eagerly and before long! Thank you all and I look forward to dining with you again soon.
4	It was my first time here and the food was amazing. The service was great. I ordered a 12 oz filet mignon and although pricey I have to say it was worth it. Would I come back again? No, because once is enough and I'd rather save money to try other things. But I would like to recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to try some good steaks.
3	Not bad, but not worth $250 for 2 people. There are way better steakhouses on the strip like Cut and delmonico. If you don't like the strip then go to Flemings, way fresher food for half of the price.
1	No tank tops
3	Normally...I find that a waiter usually can jump a restaurants rating by a star with excellent service,recommendations etc. In this rare case...our waiter lowered my rating by a star. our waiter was very nice....truly over the top friendly on a recent slow evening. dying to please..in your face friendly. make sense? where are you guys from? where are you staying etc. way too much. Food was typically mortons quality although my center cut rib eye  was way too thick and somewhat chewy. My wife enjoyed her 6 oz. petite filet.....my son said his bone in ribeye was very good. drinks were fine..sides like the mashed potatoes and creamed spinach were all good....but our lonely bored waiter gave me a headache.
5	Always a pleasure to visit mortons anywhere in tbe country.very nice dark comfy setting.waiters and manager was very nice and welcoming.cajun ribeye was great as usual and so was the cosmo,s.
5	This review is just for Morton's power hour, quite simply some of the best bar food period !! 7$ for three mini filets all with a different signature sauce , how can you go wrong ? Parmesan truffle fries !! Omg !! Little crispy shoestring potato delights !! Homemade potato chips ,with as my friend said , the really good bleu cheese dipping sauce !! Yum!! Everything prepared fresh and using quality ingredients ,this is a great place to start off your mid week shenanigans , as the late power hour is from 9 to close !  Rich and Mike( mark?) the bartenders are some of the friendliest in town and both make what is probably one of the best mojitos in town !! They have a great selection of power hour drinks to satisfy almost anyone's palette , as well as some great wines by the glass and of course the aforementioned mojito , definitely try them out , and if not heading out for more drinks somewhere else , try some dessert more pricey than their power hour specials , but delicious in their own right !!    As for the vibe it's a little old school Vegas , dim and dark , with candle lit tables , an upscale vibe but Definitely not stuffy !! ( although to dine in the restaurant , no tank tops , actually saw this happen where the host offered a guest a jacket to use while dining !!)
5	Delicious food and menu options for their amazing Reverse Happy Hour!!! Friendly staff especially the Bartender!! I highly recommend the juicy steak medallion sampler, the crisp BLT wedge salad with chunks of blue cheese dressing and the delectable chocolate mousse!! All goes great with a glass of red wine!!
5	I enjoyed everything about my experience at this restaurant. Looking for a great steakhouse? Go here!
5	Jesus H. F***ING CHRIST this place has some good steaks. We ordered a bottle of red wine and the waiter really knew what he was talking about. I took a wine tasting glass and asked alot of stupid questions, more so then i normally do and who knew?! Lil'bastard studied up on the list. The service was top notch. No glass ever went dry. They would have given me a backrub if I asked, and I thought about it but it would be wierd because I was with a bunch of dudes and I make noises when my back gets rubbed, ya know?. Its pricey, but very much worth it. A friend reported the "meat sh**s" the next moring (as its technically called). He was of course, eating 24 oz.'s  Of rare cooked porterhouse steak and finished it all, anyone would in that case... And that goes for anywhere. The sides were stupid good. And the dessert cheesecake was epic. The coffee even tasted high quality. My wallet was very light after.
5	I wish we had  Morton's Steakhouse in our city because I would be there at least once a week.First of all, the service....our waiter was so nice and accommodating, you would think he was an old family friend. He was very attentive but not too obtrusive.And our steaks....perfection.  Some in our party suggested that we go to Ruth Chris Steakhouse....after taking one bite of their perfectly prepared steaks, they admitted they were wrong. The steaks were incredible.If you check my other restaurant reviews, you will see that I rarely give a 5 star rating.But take your doubting family and friends here and I am sure they will be convinced.
5	My husband and I ate here for our anniversary , I had the Lobster and he had a steak. It was perfectly prepared and delicious. We loved it here. It was perfect for a celebration.
4	My review might be a little jaded, because I've eaten at the ones in New York.This place is an upscale, pricey steakhouse.That's not a complaint, that's just what it is.The steaks are fantastic, the service is excellent, the atmosphere is darker than what I'm used to.This place is a little off the beaten path (one or two blocks removed from the strip), so I imagine that most of their business is from regulars or people that know the name (or for people who inquire about an upscale steakhouse.)I think that a group of fraternity members, visiting from out of town, are more likely to go to Cabo Wabo than to stumble upon this place and go inside.In any event, I would consider this place as a fine-dining restaurant.One menu Item that I would highly recommend is their "molten chocolate cake".You have to order them in advance, so don't forget.
5	We went for an amazing dinner last night.  Wonderful as always!  This was where my husband took me on our first date a million years ago and they have continued to be perhaps our favorite go to special occasion dinner spot.  Last night was a birthday celebration, and once again they did not disappoint!  Service is always impeccable, food is consistently amazing.  I think about the lobster bisque all year awaiting our return!  Thank you for the wonderful food and service! Kudos to all the staff!  Your consistency in providing exceptional experiences is greatly appreciated.
2	The bartender here is horrible, she only caters to the men.  I had to ask for a dinner menu yet I was the first in the place. She made sure the two men sitting on my side were taken care of.  Normally, I would give Morton's 5 stars but she ruined this location.    There was a problem with our crab cakes and the manager said he would take them off but she still charged us for them.
5	The filet is so tender and delicious. The chocolate lava cake is a melt in your mouth dessert.
5	Ate there Saturday, Nov. 15.  I have to say that the food was simply perfect.  Remember years ago when we ordered a steak and it was delicious?  Well Saturday night I ordered the peppered strip steak, and it was as good as I ever remembered a steak being!  The service was impeccable (Gabriel), and the side dish of asparagus was SO tasty.I've been to other Morton's with slightly variable results.  Miami EXCELLENT.  St. Louis EXCELLENT.  Palm Desert, CA only good.  But, I will return to Vegas Morton's.  Congratulations in proving there still is a great steak out there!
5	The best in dining. Excellent food. Ambiance was elegant yet laid back. Service was fantastic. The server made us feel like we were old friends enjoying a meal together (ask for Ernie. ..kick ass service!). Finally,  it's vegas baby. You get lots of bang for your buck. Don't throw your money at the casinos,  spend a great evening here. Thanks mortons las vegas! (You too,  Ernie).
5	Excellent service, Amazing food. Doesn't get better then that.
5	Where does one begin?  We changed plans at the last moment to avoid the strip and Morton's was able to accommodate us at the perfect time.  From the moment we stepped out of the cab, we were treated like royalty.  The cocktails were divine, the wine list was tremendous and the food was amazing.  But what made our first New Year's Eve together joyfully memorable was the service.  Everyone at Morton's went out of their way to take great care of us and celebrate the night.  Kevin was our Host, at least it felt that way, and he was perfect from start to finish!  Even though he had to work in NYE, he mad it seem like he didn't want to be anywhere else.  I actually cannot wait to go back and will definitely ask for Kevin.  Thank you Morton's!!  Happy New Year Everyone!
5	Power Hour is great on Fri-Sat and Happy Hour Sun-Thur, such great food, Kanji the bartender is excellent, hospitality so amazing second to none, love coming here, Highly Recommend Morton's to everyone
