3	They are not the best, just my favorite in Charlotte.
4	Neat little sub shop where they slice the meat when it's ordered, as opposed to Jared's big sub chain that the stuff is sliced somewhere else. So the sub I had (turkey and provolone) was fresh tasting on a nice toasty foot long... I mean... a twelve inch long... sub roll. Cut into quarters, which I wasn't expecting but I liked it.They have the usual cold deli meats and the usual toppings, plus what look like some decent hot offerings.It's not outstanding, but it's way better than the usual national chains and so it gets a four star review from me.Soda fountain has Pepsi products and there are two urns of iced tea.Free wifi!
3	The place that I was taking some training from ordered our daily lunches from this sandwich shop. Based on the menu we were given to select from I figured that the school was giving us a limited selection of the full offering to keep things simple when they have to order for a couple dozen people.After looking at the menu online I estimate that this is not the case. Sub Station II seems to be just a simple "Ham & Cheese" type of place. They have a selection of deli meats, a range of your typical toppings, and a few choices or bread or wrap. I don't think you're going to find a meatball or philly cheesesteak kind of sandwich here.The first couple of days I gave the salads a go. The were kind of bland as you get a bed of shredded lettuce with pre-selected toppings and the sliced up deli meat. On the other days I gave a few sandwiches a try. They were alright. No complaints, but these subs certainly weren't anything beyond what I could make at home.What I did like about this place was that they delivered each sandwich in its own plastic container with our sides and cookie inside. They also wrote our names on the container so when it came time to eat there was no confusion about which sandwich was which.
4	I like the freshly sliced ingredients on the subs here. Very clean operation, and quick service. Definitely a few steps above the big national chain sub places, but not super expensive. I've eaten at Sub Station II for 10 years or more and have yet to be disappointed!
4	Love this sub shop! I began eating here for lunch because my job relocated nearby. I enjoy their selection here and the service is excellent each time I've been. Friendly, quick staff provide a great lunch and give me the energy to finish out the day!
1	This was the worst sandwich I have had in a very long time.   I got a reuben sandwich which should be pretty typical.  The meat was lunch meat and not grilled.   The bread was toasted???  WT?? Who does that?  Apparently Sub Station II!   Will not be going back here anytime soon.  what a sorry excuse for a sandwich place.
1	I had a French Dip which was eh, nothing special.  My friend Nicole B hated her reuben because it was toasted, which didn't even make sense. Not sure what the 3rd party had, but probably a burger which is all she eats anyway.  We regretted wasting our per diem on this place.
