5	Portovino opened recently at the old Oro Toro location and we were treated to a spectacular evening of great Italian specialties and courteous,prompt service. The menu consists of appetizers like tender octopus served with baby greens,mussels swimming in a perfect marinara sauce,Margarita pizza with a just right crust and a fabulous tomato sauce. Mama Mia where have you been all this time with mains like a melt in your mouth Osso Bucco and a sushi grade tuna served with all the Asian accompaniments. They come to your table with a platter showing the freshest products from the sea and the land and you choose what their Master Chefs will prepare.  We were in all honestly pleasantly surprised with all the dishes and we finished the evening  with an addictive dessert called red velvet cake, be forewarned eat it at your own risk because once you do, you will be coming back for more. Did I mention that this wonderful place is also a BYOW (bring your own wine)  establishment which makes the evening very affordable as you drink away your cellar while being  served with Reidel glasses and beautiful decanters. Also take note we were there week two of the opening and the place already was full and I highly recommend you call for reservations. Parking is Free. Enjoy and Ariverdeci !!!
3	Lovely atmosphere, perfectly attentive waiter and love the "bring your own wine" option.  Menu was varied and there are a number of dishes I would like to go back to try.  Be aware, they serve large portions, good value for the money too.  As we are fequent visitors to Montreal I think we'll definately go back to try again.
4	Beware, you think you will get one dish, but NO. You get bread with balsamic and olive oil, choice of soup, your main, AND dessert plus coffee. This is all included by the way. Great price for what they give you. (my bill came up to $21.86....yes for all that)My pasta was great! Too bad I didn't finish it though. It was way too much and I really wanted to squeeze in dessert...so you know one must make sacrifices. I also had the lobster soup before my pasta, and it was very delicious. Service was very good at lunchtime when I went. Our waiter was extremely friendly and attentive. He was in such great spirits that I ended up being in great spirits too. This is  BYOW so don't forget to bring a bottle!
1	The service was attentive. That is one positive thing I can say. I find it offensive, however, when the waiter brings a tray of raw meat and seafood, to show the diner what it looks like before it is cooked. Are we infants?  We have all eaten before.Four diners, four different dinners. Chicken breast was dry. The rack of lamb was so-so. The lasagna was pretty but short on meat and oomph. And the rib steak was terrible. Cooked as specified, but it was a mass of fat and sinew, very little meat that was edible.Each of us got 4 vegetables, a floret of cauliflower, a small yellow pepper, half a carrot and one lonely asparagus.This was so not worth the price. I guess we have eaten at Portovino twice last night, the first and the last time.
1	Friendly and attentive service, but beware the food. Just finished lunch there an hour ago and I'm already dead sick. Two hours left until the work day is over but I don't know if I'll make it. If I'm not here Yelping tomorrow, tell my family I love them.
1	Thumbs down for Portovino on Decarie... Not accommodating to handicap clients and rude!
4	Had all you can eat Sunday Brunch there.  The breakfast items were very good, the omelet station was great, mussels were excellent, the oysters were "ok, a bit on the fishy side", huge array of desserts and fruits.  I also enjoyed the pasta and of course the waffles (although the aren't made fresh infront of you, but they add all the other ingredients to the hot pan with the pre-made waffle).Waiter was very attentive, kept refilling our water and coffee and clearing our plates away.
3	Great atmosphere. I came here looking for some decent food. I decided to order the pizza and found it to be merely average. Perhaps I should've ordered something else? So despite the great atmosphere and amazing service I only give it three stars.
1	My girlfriend wanted to have dinner with her friends for her birthday. We called to make a reservation for 14 people. They told us that we can bring our own cake which was great. We were pleased until they told us that there's a $3 "cutting" charge per person!! Really??? A cutting charge?? Soon they'll have a breathing charge per person! My gf and I both agreed this was absurd and decided to go elsewhere. Cutting charge what a rip off! That's stealing from people in my opinion.
1	Portovino is in general a good restaurant if you dont mind the $$. Went on Saturday Dec. 13th with a reservation for 10 people at 8:30 PM which is the last service. There were literally 50-60 people waiting with reservation at the door. After one hour and a lot of bitching we got glasses to open and drink OUR wine at the door..plus some Pizza. After 1.5hours we managed to get to our table. Appetizers were on the house..but still unacceptable. We sat at 10:00PM and ate around 10:45.  Ridiculous. They overbook and they dont do much to make people leave at the end of a service. Avoid if you dont want to be waiting forever. PS: By the time we ordered there was only 1 FISH portion left. lol
