3	I came in here to order to get takeout it was 19.99 For 2 cheese pizza's ummm not so cheap. They only use 1 type of cheese the pizza was not great I wouldnt go that route again but I am willing to go back and try the Veggie pizza. I surprised my brother with some suicide wing's I dont eat meat but I did try the sauce and ate some w my pizza it was HOT. He loved them all 20 were gone at the end of the night. They said they were SO HOT but the boys just couldnt stop eating them. They said they were very good meaty and not too vinegary. An extra star for making the boys happy with the hella hot wings that night. FYI they probably use hydrogenated oils here by the way but I didnt ask!
3	I have a friend in L.A. who drives out to eat wings here. He fantasizes about them (his wife humors him when he goes on a rant about how awesome the wings are). I agree, they are splendid. Plus, I enjoy a place that gives you a choice of ranch dressing or blue cheese when placing the order. The pizza isn't half bad, either. The restaurant itself sports one of those games that involves toys in a glass box with a metal crane, and lots and lots of red vinyl booths. Two ginormous big screen TVs flank the back wall and anything you order can come accompanied by a pitcher of beer. It's like a man's paradise in a strip mall. They also deliver if you want to stay all cozy in your pajamas at home and don't particularly want to score a Tweety Bird plush while waiting for your order.
2	One would think that with all the Midwest transplants, it'd be easy to find good Midwestern pizza. But no. The pizza, 1/2 mushroom/sausage and 1/2 cheese, tasted bland, like "bar pizza."I wouldn't get it again.The service was good though--delivery was well within the time estimated and the driver was pleasant and efficient.
4	Il Primo probably has the best wings Ive ever had.  I grew up on them and Ive been eating at Il Primo for over 20 years.  WIngs - excellent.Pizza - Pretty damn good.Pricing - a little pricey, but most wing places areRestaurant - dirty and lame.
1	Rudest service in the world. Our food came cold, the woman hung up on me when I complained. I wasn't even being rude. I called back and was told the owners would call me and still have yet to call me.If you want good service and pizza, don't go here. You'd get better service in a barn. Awful. Awful. Awful.
5	I am a big pizza and wing fan. Its by far my favorite food. And this is my favorite place to get them at. Their wings out the best ive had. No where can beat them. Their pizza is good, not great. But it goes good with the wings. You can get beer here too. They have tv's also inside. Great spot especially if youre looking for some wings.
2	1980's decor is still doing fine here, almost as if they've either taken efforts to preserve it, found retro stuff on ebay, or nobody eats here.  It's truly a gateway back into the 80's.  Pizza had a good crust, I thought, but sauce and cheese were uninspiring.  Mozz sticks were barely cooked and the accompanying marinara was still cold.  Staff wasn't very friendly, though I can't say rude like some others.  Parking & general area feel a bit seedy too.  Daytime visits only?
3	This place is rated just about right. Nothing overly fabulous but its a decent pie. This is one step above Peter Piper Pizza and still serves beer. Try the cheeseburger pizza its pretty good. The wings are not bad either. I am rating solely on food because the service I could easily do without, its not stellar, however if I don't want to deal with it I just order out.
5	Diamond in the rough. I really do not know why there are so many bad reviews on this place. Il Primo's pizza and wings is our family fav spot and friends of fam too. You will never taste better pizza and wings in Phoenix, AZ. As far as the comments about the interior of this place; This is coming from a girl who is very huge on decor of a place too... Trust me, there pizza and wings make up for their interior decor. When you think of those amazing whole in the wall eating spots, this is one. Tip: make sure you get the wings crispy and extra sloppy with medium sauce. You can dip your pizza in the sauce too and it's really good!! Mmmm
4	Why does this place have so many poor reviews?  Their pizza is greasy and delicious and their wings are hot and spicy.  Yes, it costs more to get pizza from here than say Pizza Hut but the quality is so much better.  We live down the street from here and have gotten delivery and pick up and they're always quick and have never gotten lost finding our place.
4	Great pizza, even better wings. What else to say?
2	Place was dirty. Food came out at different times and was not very good. I don't think I will ever be back there...
4	Best pizza this side of New York.. if you're into Chicago style this may not be the place for you, however if New York is more to your liking, then you definitely have to check this place out.. It is not the nicest of locations, and the interior is not a whole lot better.. but when was the last time you went out to a Pizzeria for the ambiance?...
4	I love their pizza here and their ranch is home made. The only thing I would change is the girl who answers the phones is very rude but if your can get past that then this is a great place to eat.
4	Have been going to Primo's for decades, yea I know I am old and live in the same general area most of my life, and they are a solid 3 1/2 star pizza joint. The pizza has always been hot and fairly tasty in all of the times I have gotten pizza here. The wings are decent and the ranch that comes with the wings is outstanding. All in all the food is generally good but it has been hit n miss with the service at times. I mostly get take out but they have a dine in area which is dated but clean. The only down fall is the TV's are always set to the Spanish language stations and the volume is usually too loud to enjoy your meal. The price is generally good and they have a decent pizza/wing special. They also have a few different lunch specials which are reasonably priced.Primo's is a good place when you need a quick bite or if you are getting food for a gathering (ie office lunch, Super Bowl ect) but not where you go if you want a high end pizza
4	Worth It- I live close, and have passed this spot dozens of times. 8 high quality flat screens have football, baseball and Fox 12 on alternating screens. 2 specialty pizzas and a large pitcher for $32.00. Great spot.
1	Ugh. Outside of getting our order wrong, their "extra large" pizza was not so extra large. In addition, it was gross. Not nearly enough sauce or cheese, and scant toppings. Wow....super disappointed. The wings were passable, but barely. Also, no carrots or celery. Amateur league, guys. Seriously...
1	I love their food but their customer service (Carmen) is atrocious. There is something to be said about a business that doesn't value their customers. If you have tolerance for a sour face and mean attitude but love good pizza then this is the place for you. Do delivery so you don't have to be insulted and disrespected by the cashier.
1	One star is being generous to say the least. My friend had people over to watch the fights and we decided to order pizza from this spot as it was a rock throw away. She called at 7:31 pm and ordered two extra large pizzas with 40 wings. My friend gave the cashier her name and phone number because the cashier needed to "call back to confirm the order"...??? After about 30 minutes of waiting my friend called to check up on the order and there was no record of it ever being placed. She ordered again and was told it would be 55 minutes. The manager said there was nothing that could be done... No rush or anything because they had no record. Worst customer service I've ever seen and I didn't even order the pizza. I am writing this review as a person who put in money and waited over 80 minutes for a pizza, with a group of others who were waiting as well. I think we need to call and order 15 pizzas and "forget" to confirm that we cancelled. This place has a manager that has no idea what customer service is. Order here is you want to wait 80+ minutes for a pizza.
