2	A group of friends and I stayed up here one August weekend and chose Hotel Elegant as our place to stay.Well, they did not seem happy to see us at all.For starters, we were grilled upon arrival and our rooms were not ready.When we finally were able to get situated and go out we would get dirty looks every time we came down to the lobby to go out.The room:Nothing fancy about them, but on the plus side my room had a balcony with an exquisite 2nd story view of a construction crane.The Shades covering the sliding door ended up falling on my friends head.To the hotel's defense, it was his fault, he's a moron, but the friggin things shouldn't have been help up with duct tape in the first place.On this balcony, I performed an almost naked/drunk version of "You Make Me Feel Like a Natural Woman" which was pretty funny considering all of the response I got was in French.The area of Montreal that Hotel Elegant is located does not compare to the beauty of the majority of Montreaux. It was pretty slummy. i.e. we saw a young gay male get pimped out and slapped. All in all entertaining but not all that reassuring.Upon checkout we were snarled at and certainly will not be staying there ever again, but it  was an entertaining experience.One star for being there, 2nd star for the balcony/stage.
3	Decent budget hotel and good location. You do get what you pay for so if you're gonna be such a stickler then go pay more money at a more expensive hotel.
1	The customer service and management of this motel is horrendous. My husband and I stayed there last year for the 4th time (previous three times were pleasant enough, but there was different staff working there - a young woman) and were greeted by the font desk worker who said "why would you want to vacation in Montreal, why not go somewhere warm" - ummm ok, way to promote your city?Our key card reader did not work on our door because the battery was dead, they did not have another room but put us temporarily in a room that had not been cleaned yet, it was kind of awkward. After the worker finally tracked down the owner he was able to finally manually get the door open with an actual key. The locksmith was not able to come out an repair it until later the next day apparently so if my husband or I needed to leave the room one person needed to remain. My husband went down to get us breakfast (the breakfast sucks there) the next morning while I stayed in the room, we ate in the room, but eventually we were ready to start our day and head out. I asked the front desk (a different worker there when we checked in the night before) how we can get in and out of our room throughout the day/after we return from our Montreal excursions they gave us a key, we tested it ad it worked. OK that's fine right?I get a call on my cell phone that afternoon/early evening saying they need the key they gave me to unlock someone else's room since the same thing happened to their key card reader, I let them know I was on my way back anyways and will be there soon. After I hung up I realized how confusing and weird that was: 1. they don't have another key to open this person door and 2. probably the most alarming thing, they gave us the master keyWhen I got back to the hotel (it was the same front desk person that checked us in, a bitter little unhappy man living in a small unhappy world) I expressed my concern that the hotel gave us the master key, I don't feel safe with my items in the room, do they do that often, what if they give the key to someone else and they get into my room (my computer was in there) - he proceeded to flip out and tell me it was not the master key, and that he's going to kick us out and not refund our money and he doesn't care if we ever come back and it's not his problem. I told him fine I'm going to get my stuff and getting out of here since he was literally screaming at us and I was scared about what he'd do next.He followed us upstairs where I called his bluff and said if this isn't the master key than it won't work when I try it in the neighboring door, when I went to try it he grabbed my hand and the key ad kept screaming at me, he opened our room shoved us inside and said get your stuff and leave or stay I don't care. Needless to say we left, but not before calling the police (who couldn't do anything about it). I was appalled that someone in customer service would treat a customer like that, swearing, yelling, and getting physical with them.The hotel itself isn't anything great, and is certainly not worth the low cost. After all that we were charged for 2 nights but only stayed 1 (we were slated to stay for 5 nights). Luckily we got some of our money back, ad the hotel manager was "nice enough" to offer us a free night next time we stay, hahahadon't waste your time, or money - there are plenty of other reasonably priced places in Montreal.
2	I must admit the only reason i am giving this hotel two stars is because the staff were extremely nice. But the room was dirty, the smell of dirty feet was covered by tons and tons of febreze, there was dried blood on the inside of the bed cover, the pillow cases were dirty, the shower had hair from the people before. Also the lights on the night stands had dirt and dust on them. As a whole it was a place to sleep in but it was NOT  worth $140 a night!! maybe if it was $60 a night i'd understand, but its way overpriced for what it is!!
