5	D'Lisa is a character, like I said in a thread before, she'll rip your hair out and entertain at the same time, I guess it's a good tactic for taking the pain away!The salon is more than just hair removal, that's just her specialty. It's a really cute place in Old Town and there are also hair stylists and I believe a masseuse.  Local artists also display artwork too.
5	I can't believe I've never thought to write about this place before. D'Lisa is the best! The best. She rips the hair from my body like a champ. Like she hates hair in a really loving way. It hurts quite badly. But others report the pain goes away after time. But it looks so nice. And all the girls want to see it. And one time, when I got it done my friends pulled down my pants and blasted my special purpose with one of those 20,000 watt bulbs and took a picture so all you see is a bright bright light emanating from my junk. My very valuable junk. And in a moment of reckless self promotion I can subtly hint that she sells my original tshirt designs there. And they do hair and what not. Go there. Give her some business. Not the business.
5	I have been going to D'Lisa for years and years.  First at Suddenly Slimmer, then at that little place off McDowell and Scottsdale rd.  Usually when a person leaves a salon: I say goodbye and see who the receptionist schedules me with next.  Not with D'Lisa.  Where she goes - I'll follow.When she opened her salon last year - I was so excited for her. How often do you have one of those feelings about another person?  I want her to succeed// I hope for it.  She is one of those rare special people who lift your spirits and make you laugh without even trying.  A true people person.  The wax is as great as the conversation.  Some people gets manis and pedis.  I paint my own nails - and see d'lisa each month.   It's a choice I'm happy with.I get my hair cut at her salon by a gal named Erica.  Since I started going to her 8 months ago: I have never received more compliments on my hair in my life.  It has always been long.  But now: it has style. Girls with long hair know how hard it is to infuse style into their look.  She is amazing and I recommend her to anyone.Anyway, if you are between stylists searching for a new look.If you are frustrated because your gal gives a terrible blowdry.If you find a bikini wax an uncomfortable experience.If you need a fantastic affordable facialor if you just feel like a listening to great music with glass of wine:I agree with that weird guy Dallas.This is your spot.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed D'Lisa!  She ROCKS!  She does a phenomenal Brazilian!  No pain, plenty of fun (hilarious) chit chat....in and out and looking fabulous.  She's so accommodating and her prices are very very reasonable!!  I've been going to her for about a year and as long as I live in this area, I'll continue to go to her and tell others!
5	Great esthetician.  Very clean place with contemporary design and great artwork.  There's plenty of places to park and everything happens on time so if you are as busy as I am, they make sure you are in and out at the expected times.
5	wow! if i knew it was gonna be like that-it would have happened a long time ago!!!! went for 2 services from D'Lisa and was quite shocked and amazed that a Service Salon would actually be running on time! A busy woman like me needs to stick to a schedule and most salons are too busy to realize their clients are busy too, so they make you wait, and wait-but not here. She welcomed me, offered me something to satiate my thirst and off we went. D'Lisa is extremely professional and very fun. The chit chat and laughter made an unpleasant service very joyful (without sharing too much lol). I was relaxed and very comfortable. Her space is very calm and inviting, so much so that I already scheduled my next visit! I'm amazed with the after sensation the most. Her swift hands made the B go smooth real fast. I would recommend her for first timers ^_~ The second service i had was one of the most relaxing and invigorating facials i have ever had. I know those 2 words are complete opposites, but its true. Her music is set to the facial so you feel an intensely deep connection to her touch. She uses Sesame oil so her massage is safe for all skin types and she is so fabulous that she includes a foot, forearm, hand and scalp massage with the facial and all for little $$$$$$. I believe she is still running the special of $59 for that facial so make your appointment ASAP! I have seen make-up done by Bailey from the salon and it also looks fabulous! Go meet the lady's at Salon D'Shayn and take back control of your time and money. The services are so affordable and the work is great. This place wants to make you look and feel good affordably-not leave you strapped for cash in pretty coiffed hair with no where to go.
5	UPDATE: I had the Custom blended euro facial regular price $75. YELP special for all yelppers = $40 only.
5	I had a great time here and came away looking fabulous! Ingrid did my hair (thanks Alison for the tip!) and it was one of the best cuts I've had in years: changed enough so it was fun but still long and keeping the low-maintenance I wanted. D'Lisa did a wonderful, surprisingly quick and painless job on my eyebrows. Their Yelp special is amazing! Great prices for everything and a fun little salon with local art on the walls. Will definitely be going back.
5	AAAAHHHH  , you  hear that? that's sound of mommy relaxing. Yes, mommy needs her "me time"  and what a great way to get it.  I had a d'licious d'lightful  time getting a facial with D'lisa.  I felt pampered and  taken care of. My skin needed a tune up and this was a lovely touch , plus a foot/hand massage, too. Yippee , mommy likeee.. Nestled in the Old Town Scottsdale area this gem is a lovely spot to get away from it all and take care of yourself.   Would be a great ending to a day of shopping at the mall and then come on over for a pampering. Call her and ask about her current specials  they sound wonderful . I wll definitely be back.
5	went for my second session today and wow! my skin had less breakouts already. it was so relaxing to have a wonderful hand, head and foot massage too! i'm in heaven, i'll be back next month.
5	D'Lisa is amazing. She is professional fast efficient, and very good at what she does. Her facials are wonderful and her waxing services almost seem painless with her conversation and making you feel comfortable.I would reccomend her to anyone seeking waxing or facials. Her salon is fabulous and I give it 5 stars!
2	I give this salon a reluctant 2, and stars, because I did end up getting an adequate hair cut for a reasonable price, but the attitude I had to endure to get it was unacceptable.I was in Scottsdale on holidays and walked in with no appointment.  I was able to get in to see Jude right away.  I wish I had kept looking...We discussed what I was unhappy with my current cut and what I wanted the end result to be.  After she was finished, my hair looked exactly it did when I walked in except it was an inch shorter.  I explained that wasn't what I wanted, and then the attitude started.  After the second cut, it still wasn't what I had originally asked for - Jude argued and said that wasn't what we discussed, and she started sighing and rolling her eyes to the other stylist there.All told, I was in there for an hour and a half, was made to feel stupid and left with a cut that still wasn't quite what I wanted.At least I got a discount from her normal rate - but I would not recommend this salon to anyone
5	d'lisa rocks!! super comfortable, fun and professional atmosphere. only salon i recommend. d'lisa really takes her time and care to make sure you are comfortable and truly shows a level of service that i wish was standard. a+++++++++and on friday i had an event to get to and the eyebrows were lookin a lil bushy. gave my good friend a call and she was locking up, and walking out the door, however on my account turned her wax back on and took care of my unibrow in the making. salon d'shayn is why i got a yelp account. the best there is. :)
5	Having had some serious fear of the pain that comes with beauty I had put off trying the "waxing thing." That is until I went to Salon D'Shayn. I had never felt so comfortable, even in that ever so vulnerable state of being at the mercy of a fiery redhead with a tub of wax. The whole experience was beyond compare and I've been going religiously ever since. I cannot rave enough about how wonderful the experience was as well as the finished product!
5	Boys turn away ...this goes out to those who dare to wax uuum , stuff. I have nothing to compare to my experience except a scary Steve Carrell scene in the movie , 40 year old Virgin.... when one has ones um , ya know , woohooo, aaww ,you know ...ya just don't review it , but then wouldn't you want people to know how unbelievable the service was? I mean the removal, ummm ,oh this is awkward. Let me just say I am going back , it was worth the ummm cost and momentary pain. D'Lisa is amazing the salon is lovely and personable. I will quietly recommend her to all my friends. Check out her coupons on local emails like Snag and Save....
5	I had a great waxing experience here. Very quick, professional & surprisingly less painful.
4	Just got back from my first eyebrow waxing with D'Lisa and she's awesome! I'm in the process of growing out my brows for reshaping and she did a great job cleaning them up and getting them on the path of a great new shape. Efficient and friendly, I'm looking forward to going back for another D'Lisa treatment!
5	Id always said a resounding scaredy cat HELL NO to getting a bikini wax, not just for the pain issue but for the strangeness of having someone all up in my business, but a good friend of mine recommended D'lisa to me, and i figured id give it a shot.  D'lisa is funny, super nice, and made me so comfortable that i didnt even feel embarrassed at all!  Yes it hurt a little, but nowhere even NEAR the level i thought it was going to!  I love the decor of the place, its always been super clean and the changing artwork on the walls is all local artists.  I love this Salon and will continue to make it my place to go for waxing!  Thanks!!
5	Jude did an AMAZING job and was so sweet :) I absolutely despise getting my hair cut because stylist always do what they think is best but she listens and I got exactly what I wanted!
5	Fabulous! Was waxed by D'Lisa and hardly felt a thing!  Just scheduled my next appointment.
5	I have been going to D'Lisa since I moved back to Arizona 4 years ago and have been following her as she made a couple different salon changes until finally opening up her own salon in Old Town. Finding D'Lisa 4 years ago was completely random and based off a google search I did to find waxing services in my neighborhood. I am SO glad when I made my appointment that it happened to be with D'Lisa.  I go to D'Lisa for brazillians and the occasional eyebrow wax and she is by far the fastest waxer I have EVER been to. Just this week I went in for both services and was in and out of the salon in 35 minutes! D'Lisa is a complete professional and an asolute joy to be around. She is flexible with appointment times and has reasonable prices. I feel so lucky to have found her!
5	So I've been to this salon twice now. I absolutely love it! I love the feel, i love the location and mostly I love the owner. Dlisa is the bomb. I go there and get my brazilian wax done. Although it maybe akward for some people at first, I assure you should wouldnt make you feel that way. I love this place a remain to be a loyal and returning for years customer!!
5	D'Lisa doesn't mess around. Brazilians are hard to do but she does a great job. I've been to other places that took less time, but D'Lisa is fun to chat with anyway. She does small sections at a time which hurt less, it just talks a little longer. AND you can book an appointment on line which is wonderful through her website.
4	D'Lisa is a straight shooter when it comes to waxing.  She knows her business.  I was in town from San Diego and needed some attention in the waxing area.  I was able to book D'Lisa on line for an appt the next day.  It was pouring rain the day if my appt and I called to tell her I may arrive a little late, she was gracious and did not rush me.  I arrived on time and she did a brazilian and my brows in less than 30 mins.  Then she gave me a 50% discount.  Love her and will use her again when in Scottsdale.
3	I hate being one of the first people to write a less-than-stellar review for this place, but I also feel the need to be honest - so here goes. This only applies to the waxing services, though, and not the salon, and took place late last year.After reading all the amazing things about this place, maybe I expected too much, but my experience didn't leave me very happy - or smooth. I got an appointment for my brazilian wax pretty easily, and mentioned I'm a Yelper, which earned me a discount. Lots of points for this, because you supposedly get a discount all the time for being on here. Good news for frequent customers.D'Lisa was running late on the day I came in, which I didn't mind at all. Things happen. What I DID mind was that she acted very rushed throughout my entire appointment. She seemed nice enough, but I explained that it was my first time and I was very nervous, so I thought maybe she'd try to make me feel comfortable... but I didn't pick that up from her. It's bad enough laying on a table with everything exposed; it's worse to feel like the person waxing you is doing their best to hurry through it so they can get you out the door.The pain was pretty bad, and I'm sure she could tell, so maybe that's part of the reason she wanted to hurry... but still.I left feeling very sore and a little confused. When the redness and swelling had gone down, I checked and found many, many hairs left... mostly lighter ones, but I didn't feel smooth at all. Pretty disappointing, considering I paid for something that I can do with more precision myself. I know it's harder to see the lighter hairs, but there were quite a few dark ones left, and I had to do some touching up just to get everything even.The lack of precision and rushed atmosphere I experienced here will likely keep me away in the future. Not sure why I was the exception, but I really didn't feel welcome here. Maybe sometimes you just don't "click" with a place or the employees.
5	D'Lisa made my Brazilian wax experience very...almost pleasant, if a Brazilian wax can be considered pleasant.  She was very talkative and funny.  I instantly felt comfortable with her, even as I laying half naked on her table.  She did a very quick and almost painless job.  She kept me talking and distracted as she worked, which helped me hardly knowing and not expecting the pain.  I've had two Brazilians from D'Lisa and I will keep coming back to her for more.  I've recommended her to friends and family members too.I also received an excellent haircut from Dana.  Prior to seeing Dana, I had a terrible haircut that I received from a local cosmetology school student.  It really was the worst haircut ever!  Dana did such a great job of blending and evening out the mistakes of the prior haircut.  I got many compliments on the haircut after Dana worked her magic.  I will continue to see Dana and recommend her to family and friends too!Overall, Salon D'Shayn is 5 star establishment!  Great job, D'Lisa!
4	Let me start by saying, I rarely give out 5 stars, so my 4 star review means "Yay, I am a fan"... Just feeling a little guilty, that my review may take down the rating of a great salon, but I need to be consistent.  After my Esthetician of 2 years decided to leave the industry, the past 6 months has proven to be a nightmare finding a replacement.  From only one experience, I can't say with certainty, but I may have found her!  I booked my appointment online via android... or so I thought. I called to confirm the day of, and it turns out it didn't go through. D'Lisa was so accommodating that she moved her facial scheduled at that time to get me in, because it was the only time I could go in that week. Now, we're talking a Brazilian here, so I don't expect to be skipped into the room. laughing during the process, and finishing up with hi-fives, but that's actually what the experience reminded me of.  (Of course minus the skipping and hi-fives).  D'Lisa was great. She was quick but thorough, and it was relatively painless.   Exactly what I look for in a waxing... get it over with so I can put my panties back on!  I don't need champagne, V-gazzles or aroma therapy... just a smooth bikini line!
5	Never had a brazilian before and to my surprise it didnt hurt that bad and it went by very fast. Would recommend to Salon D' Shayn to anyone!
5	I am a person of few words so I'll just break it down....Brazilian. No muss, no fuss, and virtually NO PAIN! It was my first Brazilian waxing experience and D'Lisa is an absolute pro! Will definitely come back!
5	Love love love this place! I had my very first Brazilian wax after literally years of toying with the idea and always chickening out. So when I went in I was VERY nervous about it. I came in early so I could apply some No Scream Cream (which they do offer) and was offered a glass of wine while I waited. D'Lisa has such a quick-to-warm-up-to personality. Pleasantly chatty and very easy to talk to. She made the whole experience so comfortable and she even gave me an enthusiastic "you can do this!" when I was a little nervous in the beginning. By the half-way point we were chatting like buddies! She answers your questions about waxing like she DOESn't get asked the same questions every day. :) She never got annoyed by my nervousness or my questions. An awesome experience! I plan on referring as many people as I can to her services! I will definitely be back!
4	Have only been to D'lisa's ones for a Brazilian wax. Booking was easy and she was ready for me when I walked through the door. Braz was easy and quick... and that is how i like it! D'lisa is really fun to talk to and a couple of minutes talking to her you'd feel like you've known her forever. Feeling welcomed and a friendly professional to talk to is essential for a great service. I've had braz waxes other places and trust me - that is the most important part when you need to be relaxed and have a pain-free (or almost) Brazilian wax.
5	D'Lisa is great, she makes you feel very comfortable and she moves like lightening.  Quick and as painless as possible.  Online booking makes it super easy to stay on top of your mop :)  Keep up the good work and thank you for converting me!
5	As a fellow aesthetician, D'Lisa of Salon D'Shayn is who I trust for my waxing.  She is consistent with her quick, painless treatments!
5	I love D'Lisa!!!  She is great, personable, professional, efficient, and accomodating.  If ever a waxing job can be painless, she's doin it!  New to the area and horrified of more bad experiences, I drove an hour to get to her and it was worth it!  Now I'm lucky I live right up the street!
5	D'Lisa is professional, personal and made the experience comfortable.  I am excited that I found aesthetician for my waxing and other services I desire...Her shop is as adorable as she is!
5	The only service I have received from DeLisa is a bikini wax.  I have been seeing DeLisa for many years and all of my appointments have always resulted with her exceeding my expectations.  First let me say that her establishment Salon D' Shayn is a very clean and professional environment.  DeLisa's personality is always positive,  and enthusiastic in regards to her business and customers. Besides leaving her establishment with one heck of a wax job, I usually leave feeling motivated because of how contagious her attitude and motivational spirit is. I would highly recommend her establishment and her services.  She is the type of person that if you were not 1000% satisfied she would probably give you the service at no cost! That is just how awesome she is which is also a strong reflection of the work she does!A TRUE PROFESSIONAL!
5	Dlisa is the best waxer I have ever experienced!! I initially was just having my legs waxed by her & she insisted I try a Brazilian wax...lets just say I will NEVER shave down there again!! BRAZILIAN WAXING IS THE 'CATS MEOW'!! (no pun intended, heh) The pain is really minimal...she is quick & fast, you will be in-n-out in no time!! No need to be shy either cause Dlisa is very comforting & sweet... you will feel like a new person walking outta there!!
5	D'Lisa (politely) convinced me to wax my eyebrows and it changed my life...I give her props for helping me land my dream job because not only is she great at what she does, but just talking to her makes you feel good about your self!Some people may do this type of work because they think its a quick and easy way to make a living, but D'Lisa works her ass off every day.  She cares about her clients and it shows.  She is committed to boosting the self esteem of others, men and women alike.  You can't help but feel sexy after spending five minutes with her.
5	Okay, I've been back to D'Lisa 3 times and can now officially say "WooHoo! As good as it gets".  There is not much more to add from my previous review, except D'lisa is truly talented.  She gets me in and out in less than 30 minutes and doesn't miss a hair.  I do recommend booking your appointment in advance; she is getting booked up quick these days!
5	I was scheduled for my second Brazilian wax at another salon and canceled my appointment there in order to utilize a Groupon type deal/offer at Salon D'Shayn. I scheduled my appointment online and shortly thereafter D'Lisa called me back to explain that the online system and/or her computer wasn't working correctly, and had double booked her as a result. And without hesitation or any sort of attitude (other than a positive one) she quickly moved around her own schedule to accommodate the time I had originally requested!!!While at the appointment, I was made comfortable and for whatever reason, it was actually far less painful than my first Brazilian wax at the other salon. Plus, it took less time. As if that isn't enough good stuff, D'Lisa offered to match the same deal/offer deal at my next  appointment AND give me a discount for future Brazilians thereafter - I definitely re-booked before leaving the salon that day!All in all, what a great experience - fantastic customer service and professional (not to mention practically painless) treatment. So glad to have found this little gem in Scottsdale.
5	Hard to find a better Brazilian in the valley! Check this place out! D'Lisa is amazing!
5	I was nervous about trying someone new for a brow wax, but D'Lisa was awesome!  I highly recommend her to any guy looking for a clean, natural look at a cool, convenient location.  Thanks D'Lisa!
5	D'Lisa is very quick, professional, and friendly.  So far the only service I've had is an eyebrow shaping/wax - they look great!  Not too thin, too thick, just right - the perfect brow that frames your whole face!  The online scheduling is FAB FAB FAB.  Looking forward to actually staying on a brow "schedule"!
5	Let me preface this review with the fact that I've had some very bad haircuts in the past so I've honestly been skeptical of hairstylists for a while. When I moved to Arizona, I was determined to find someone who knew what I wanted. I found Dustin and was absolutly blown away by his work!! I've been to Salon D' Shayn once so far since Dustin moved there - I have nothing but amazing things to say about what he can do with hair! I will trust no one else with my hair. He seems to know exactly what I want when I'm trying to describe something and absolutly trust his judgement when I'm not sure. I recommend him to all my friends and anyone who asks about my hair. I plan on going back to him for a long time! I'm hooked! Thanks, Dustin!!!
5	Just writing an update about Salon D'Shayn... another great, comfortable, and time efficient treatment. D'Lisa truly appreciates and values her clients and even goes as far as responding to Yelp reviewers (she responded to my last review). Online scheduling makes it super easy for me to plan ahead and make sure I get in - I've already booked two months out!
3	I have been to D'Lisa for an eyebrow wax a few times now, and although my brows look nice when I leave, they look disheveled again after only a few days. She is busy and does her best to get every client in ASAP, but I feel like she does not spend enough time making sure my brows are trimmed (they grow fast) and plucked where the wax misses. For $18, I expect more than five minutes and brows that don't last.
5	New to town - I got my lady bits waxed by D'lisa. Reviews were right - she is a Jedi master of non-nonsense hair removal. I was really impressed by her thoroughness, pleasant conversation and reasonable pricing. Thanks D'Lisa - look forward to adding your salon my regular regime!
5	I received a coupon from HomeRun to Salon D'Shayn for a Brazilian wax and it was the best wax service I have ever received. Ladies, if you worried about the actual procedure being too long and uncomfortable this is the place for you!! D'Lisa will make you totally comfortable answering any questions you might have and get you in and out of there. I'm now a regular customer :)
5	I wish I could give Salon D'Shayn and D'Lisa 10 stars!  I recently relocated to the Scottsdale area, and was desperate to find somewhere to get my wax on...especially seeing the same girl in Chicago for years.  Let me tell you, Obviously when you think of getting a wax, you don't think of it as being a pleasant, painless experience.  This time it was.  D'Lisa is the bomb and I will continue to see her every 5 weeks until she retires!
5	Just got my first Brazilian wax from D'Lisa last week - what can I say...she's amazing! Kept me talking throughout the whole process so I could take my mind off of the initial pain (gotta be honest, it did hurt a little but only for a moment!) She was quick too and managed to get everything! I was out in less than a half hour. I will definitely be going back for future waxes! Thanks!!
5	After reading all of these reviews, I bought a HomeRun offer for a Brazilian wax, which I never had done before.  D'Lisa made my wax experience as comfortable as, well, a Brazilian could be.  Virtually painless and really quick, I am very satisfied with the results and already have my next appointment booked with her.
5	Highly recommend! D'Lisa knows what she is doing and makes the process as comfortable and quick as possible.  I've tried several Brazilian wax places in Phoenix, and she is the best by far! Now I'm a regular ;-) Thanks D'Lisa!
5	ALWAYS THE BEST TIME AFTER TIME---Ive been a patron for Dlisa for 3 years now & never once has she ever failed me!!! she is always available even when her schedule is booked, she figures out a way to fit me in!! Thank YOU Dlisa!!! Your business will only prosper with your wonderful work ethic!! : )
5	I met with D'Lisa after my first post and she did a great job on my eyebrows after discussing what I was hoping for. I have been back twice since and am happy with the results. Thanks D'Lisa for taking the time on my eyebrows and making them look good.
5	Usually, when I look in the mirror, I think to myself, "You are a frigging Adonis." Earlier this afternoon, after the gym, I didn't feel this way. Something wasn't right. I don't have any skin blemishes. No acne. My tan is naturally perfect, but something wasn't quite right. After a detailed inspection of my face, I figured it out. My eyebrows needed some work.Yelp never lets me down. I got onto my iPhone, jumped onto the Yelp app, and found Salon D' Shayn. Normally, I would've called and made an appointment, but I figured I'd pop in and pay a visit. Much to my surprise, D'Lisa was able to fit me into her schedule, right there and then.The salon is gorgeous. It smells of delicious oranges. It's a salon, yes. But it's guy friendly too. The waxing room is VERY clean, with FRESH towels. D'Lisa (the owner) went right to work, and within ten minutes, I was in and out.Now I am back to my Greek God-like self. Make sure you check in! There is a special surprise waiting for you on your first visit. I am definitely coming back. This is the place to go for all your grooming needs. Whoever says that Old Town Scottsdale is douchy, pretentious and annoying can go suck it. I'd rather be in this part of town to take care of myself, than anywhere else. Over and out Yelpists.
5	D'Lisa is great. I was 6 minutes late for a Brazilian today. She still had a smile on her face. It was fast, furious and almost painless. She's the best!
5	Since all my stylist people keep moving/disappearing, I turned to Yelp again. This was my second visit to Salon D'Shayn.I set up my appointment online with Marissa for a cut. (super easy and a Big Plus for me) I am soooooooooo freakin' happy!  We leave for our AK vacation in 4 days and it had been about 4 months since Marissa cut my hair.  She did an awesome job! Marissa listened closely to my "list of demands" (as I call it - example: no bangs, no mullet, ) She offered advice and her opinions. I told her I kinda needed a low maintenance cut since I will not have a blow dryer or round brush in the woods. I showed her a pic of what I kinda wanted and she said no problem. She cut off about 2 1/2 inches, into  the new Jennifer Aniston bob cut .It looks great ! I can still pull my hair back and put in pigtails while hiking the Alaska tundra!     Marissa is sweet, funny and very talented. I have FINALLY found my hair gal.Thanks Marissa !
5	D'Lisa is awesome to say the least. I got a Brazilian, leg, arm, and under arm wax and it was one of the best waxing experiences that I've had and I've been waxing for 12 years now...The Brazilian was quick and one of 2 of the least painful that I've ever had.  She used both hard and honey wax during the process and D'Lisa's judgement and technique showed off her experience.Legs, arms, and underarms were also quick and perfectly done!  She give a 1/2 of first time discount to all clients which is awesome.  Also, she likes to take care of her guests by providing some juice, tea, and snacks and always asks if you would like something before you get started.She has a great personality and I very much enjoyed my experience at Salon D'Shayn.
5	I love Dustin!!! I have never had a bad hair cut =) Great atmosphere! I love the area, the price is just right and I always walk away feeling great.
5	The reviews are totally right! I had a Brazilian and it was the least painful I had ever had. D'Lisa was done in like 20 minutes flat and used 2 different kinds of waxes which made the experience comfortable and quick. I prefer this place over Suddenly Slimmer Day Spa, she was far friendlier and much more efficient. The salon itself is super cute, she offers snacks and a variety of beverages to keep you quenched while you wait. I will definitely be coming back here!
5	I've never had a waxing experience and this halloween I needed to trim up my unmentionables for a costume. I googled male brazilian and this was the second hit. It was five dollars cheaper, had the option to schedule online, and on top of that was half off for the first visit. After an evening of watching youtube videos and expecting the worst, I was quite surprised that ,although still painful, the speed and efficiency of D'Lisa (I was in and out in approx 25 minutes total)  made the experience monumentaly more pleasant than I'd thought possible. Upon arriving I was offered a choice of beverages and was greated warmth and candor. D'Lisa was also very personable during the whole procedure making small talk and offering suggestions. I found it really helped me take my mind off of the whole ordeal which probably helped to lessen the percieved pain. Despite being fast she still paid attention to detail pulling out tweezers to get those few stubborn hairs. If you are a newbie looking to try out waxing or a seasoned glutton for punishment waxaholic. I couldn't think of how other places could improve on the experience.
5	D'Lisa was awesome!  This was my first Brazilian waxing experience, and she made me feel comfortable right away.  She was very professional, yet friendly too. She used a combo of hard and soft wax for a customized session.  Her salon was very clean and the waxing room was very sanitary.  Also, she was fast!  First time visitors get half off and if you check in on Yelp you get a free eyebrow wax (I opted to use mine another time).  I can't say enough good things about D'Lisa and her salon!  I will drive from the southwest valley to get her services done again.
5	I went in today after hearing about Salon D' Shayn from GrouponNow Deals. First of all, I have only been waxed a few times in my life but all were very long,painful ordeals. When I first arrived, D'Lisa offered me something to drink (hot tea) and then I had a seat in the very cute, trendy waiting area. She was very quick getting me in to be waxed. She obviously knows what she is doing. Out of the waxes I have had it was BY FAR the least painful I have experienced. She had me in and out of there in 15 minutes!!!!It also was the BEST wax I have ever received. Most times there is a little excess wax, NO excess wax here! She is truly amazing and I recommend ANY woman in the Phoenix, Scottsdale, Tempe, Metro Area to GO TO D'LISA, you won't be disappointed. I am definitely going back. I would give 10 stars if I could!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	D'Lisa is great! I just moved to Scottsdale and have been looking for a regular waxing spot. I defintely will be going back to Salon D'Shayn. D'Lisa makes it painless and the results are perfect. Besides that, she's a cool chic and fun to talk to.After receiving great services for waxing, I've thought about going for hair servies. I'll definitely let you know how that goes.Thanks, D'Lisa!
5	Went in for my first brazilian wax and D'Lisa is AMAZING! I was a little nervous, but she made me feel very comfortable! D'Lisa is a lovely human being and a fabulous business woman! Thanks D'Lisa for everything!!!! I will be back to Salon D' Shayn!
5	Ugh crap. I NEED my hair done. But I'm away from home this entire month. I'm in Scottsdale for two weeks, surely I can find someone right? Enter Yelp, D'Lisa, and Dustin - whom I'd like to take home with me (his household really, except the cats). I called on a quick break to call the salon - but the number I called happened to actually be D'Lisa's cell phone. She told me that she has two stylists that you can make an appointment via the website but that if I had any issues to call her back. On my next break I promptly hopped on my phone, picked an appointment time, created a login, and boom, appointment for a few days later. Dustin sent me an email to ask me what I was looking for in my hair appt and to thank me for making an appt with him. I wrote back (pic attached of course) of what I wanted and we were ready to go. The night of my appt he texted me and told me the previous appt was carrying on much longer than it should have and asked if we could reschedule for the next day. A few texts later we were good to go for the next day. The salon is small but perfect; and she has Betta's! Ah, I miss my fishes. I digress though. I felt like Dustin was an old friend, but yet there were all these new things to learn about him! He really took the time to analyze my hair and discuss the approach. He did an absolutely fabulous job on both the color and the cut. He also took the time to really make sure my face was free of dye instead of sending me out into the world with the "oh she just got her done" marks. The price was shockingly amazing and I kept confirming if he didn't want to charge more. Guess I've been in Cali too long. Yippeee!!I briefly strolled through Fashion Square after and felt extra noticed and my hair appreciated. Thank you Dustin - if I ever find myself in need of help/happy hair again when in town I'll definitely be coming for you!
5	Excellent every time!  Our salon away from Denver, Monica and Jude ALWAYS take the best care of us. Highly recommend for men's cuts.  Worth the visit for sure!
4	Just lost my regular girl at another salon (the only one there that waxed men) so what to do...........web search "male Brazilian in or near Phoenix" up comes my place and Salon D' Shayn ( sounded a little foo foo to me but i was getting desperate and hairy. Called, got machine......made appointment online, could not be easier. Day of appointment got call from D' Lisa and she was running early, wondered if I could come in earlier ? Hell yeah ! Got in 45 minutes before my original time , had free drink and awesome, really fast and thorough wax and got first time 1/2 off to get it all off discount. F'ing A, can't beat that.  Booked my next visit on the way out. Really good place, really good personality, and really good wax.  Hell I'm pretty sure it played a big part in my getting lucky that night !  :)
5	D'Lisa is by far the best! Perfection! The salon is clean and simple, appealing to the eye and the art is great to look at. I was offered a beverage, which is nice and D'lisa just made me feel so comfortable and welcomed. I will be back for sure, this place and D'Lisa is a keeper!
5	Cute, retro, thoughtful design.  Every single person I interacted with was very friendly, asked if I needed water, etc.  Marissa was super friendly and easy to chat with and did a fabulous job on my cut and color.  I was nervous to try someone new, but after missing my appointment back home, I took a chance.  So glad I did.  Now I have a great stylist down here in AZ.  I will be back!
5	As always great service!  Thanks D'Lisa!
5	Dana BalafasDana has been my hair stylist for 3 years now and she is still the only stylist that I trust around my hair! I trusted her with my hair when I participated in the Miss Arizona USA Pageant in 2010. She is very easy to schedule with and always does a supurb job! My hair looked fabulous for the pageant, a perfect white golden blonde. She also styled my extensions for me and made them blend so well you couldn't even notice I had them in. The one time I mistakingly decided to try doing my own hair Dana got up early the next morning to help me with my Fashion Emergency! My hair was bright rusty orange! Dana turned it into beautiful blonde again while still keeping my hair healthy as she continued to use conditioning treatments and low intesity hair products. I owe my hair to her!Now as I get further into my modeling career having a good stylist by my side is the most important thing I could have. I feel so lucky to know Dana in this crucial part of my career as I look for the best agency for me. She is definitely my number one choice and I know that as long as she is doing hair I will be in her chair when I have my styling, haircut, coloring needs! I hope you decide to go to Dana Balafas so that you can share the same great experience!!
5	I am very picky when it comes to getting my hair cut, or getting anything waxed, so I definitely did my yelp research when I needed to get my hair cut. Salon D' Shayn had some amazing reviews, so I had to try it out.I called the salon, on a Wednesday, looking to schedule an appointment for a haircut on Friday, and Sara had a slot available, so I scheduled with her with no problems.I got to the salon a little bit early, and sat down, I was immediately asked if I needed anything, or wanted something to drink, which I thought was very nice. The salon itself is a lot smaller than I imagined, but it has a cozy feel to it.Sara was amazing. I told her that I wanted a bit of a trim, and that I was growing my bangs out, so my bangs were a bit awkward. I hadn't gotten my hair cut in a year, and she didn't scold me like most hairstylists do! She offered up some suggestions to add layers, and wanted to take a little more off since my hair was dead on the ends, which I was totally fine with. During the haircut, she explained the products she was using and unlike most salons that try to push products on you, she didn't even push the products!!! LOVED that. She even said she didn't even have the products for sale, but that I could get them at a Sephora. Sara definitely has a bubbly personality, we chatted the whole time...so friendly!!Sara is a little bit on the more expensive side at $65 for a haircut (each hair stylist has their own rates), but it was definitely worth every penny! I honestly can't wait for my next haircut, she had me walking out of there feeling like a million bucks! Thanks Sara!
4	Love me some Salon D'Shayn.  D'Lisa is always accomodating and never yells at me about how I wait til the VERY LAST MINUTE to book my appointments online. No biggie -- it's super simple to schedule and reschedule with her. She does great work, no matter what kind of service you're looking forThe one time I did encounter a credit card issue (this is why you check those statements, ya'll) she corrected it  and apologized without any hesitation.  +1 for great customer serviceThere's a reason why Salon D'Shayn gets great ratings....trust your fellow Yelpers -- they won't steer you wrong.
5	Excellent wax.  Always great service.  Thanks
5	By far the best salon I have ever been to. I am always nervous about cutting/coloring my hair, but Marissa is consistently amazing. D'Lisa is also fantastic, and tames my brows to perfection in minutes. I've sent my boyfriend here, and would recommend this salon to all friends and family. A++!
5	I have been in Arizona for 6 no 7 years now and I have tried all kinds of hair salons and I am NEVER letting anyone just cut my hair trim yeah but not cut (had an awesome traumatic experience when I was 15)I found Sara on here and with all these reviews on how great she is ... I figured I may as well try... in short she was AWESOME!!!!!she told me that my dead ends have to be cut and I told her what I like and don't like when I style my hair (more dislikes) after listening what I wanted and what my fears were I was open to what she would see and suggest. she explained to me exactly what she was going to do even before she shampooed my hair and whyafter snip snips and a big snip and some fantastic sculpting, I looked so cute!! who knew!? I laterally left there feeling more confidant and more grown up. If I could recommend Sara to the world I would!!! she doest give you "her signature haircut" she gives you a hair cut for you and what flatters YOU!! she also showed me how best to use my hair tools at home and I actually replicated my hairstyle .. still need the massaging hands when washing my hair & the great attitude of Sara but hey I'm not made of money ;) next cut/color/stye/scupt (whatever is my fancy to do that day) I am defiantly going back to HER, she is most defiantly MY new hair sculpturist!!
5	Salon D'Shayn is a world class salon experience! D'Lisa is amazing and super professional!
1	made an appointment with Dustin.arrived on time. Dustin was busy. (no big deal - i'm flexible).25 minutes later, when my turn came, Dustin told me he had to pick someone up from the airport.appointment nullified. our time on earth is limited. don't waste yours at this salon.(sadly, lisa's response - below - is erroneous in a variety of ways.  details are irrelevant.) the moral is: don't double book. don't waste people's time. don't make excuses. i'm sure he's great when devoted to his craft. but i'm not keen to experiment. that said (and i'm sure Lisa AND Dustin would agree) NOBODY wants a "hurry-up do" from ANYBODY in the field of hairstyling.
5	A few weeks ago i got my first haircut since moving to AZ about 8 months ago. I was trying to wait it out until i had a chance to go back home (east coast) again, but it was just too hot and my hair was too thick and long. I was nervous about getting a bad cut because of a previous bad experience, so i came to yelp. Dustin cut my hair and did a fantastic job. He listened to what i wanted and gave me a cut that is easy to maintain and looks good. I was a little late, but so was he--no big deal.
5	After searching Yelp for a new stylist to fix my disaster, I decided Sara was the girl for the job.  She is perhaps a miracle worker, I am not sure, but I now have a style again.  She took the time to understand how lazy I am when it comes to my hair and gave me something easy to maintain that looks great.  She even managed to motivate me to try a little harder.  I have great color and a fabulous style and feel human again As a sidebar - payment is a snitch, using a mobile device that texts a receipt, no receipts to stuff in your purse here - love it
5	WAXING QUEEN HANDS DOWN ... If your looking for a new esthetician to do your waxing look no further. D'lisa is AMAZING !! Not only does she wax women but she offers services to MEN TOO ! Not very many offer such luxury for men. I have super sensitive, thick corse hair and home shaving was a never ending battle with ingrown hairs... Battle OVER  ... It hurt at first but I have no bumps no irritation  and my skin looks amazing. ( PS I got a manzilian in case you were wondering) THANKS D'LISAxxoo Janmichael
5	The woman knows what she's doing.  That's all there is to it. D'Lisa "treated me" to the fastest and most painless waxing I've ever had done and yet it was still the most thorough! I don't really believe there's any way to make a Brazilian pleasant, but this place comes pretty darn close! Five stars.
5	EVERYONE AT SALON D'SHAYN IS SO HELPFUL AND FRIENDLY!  D'Lisa is amazing for waxing and running the salon and Jude is a rock star with hair.  I am a redhead (formerly natural, now not so much) and she has been able to duplicate my childhood haircolor EXACTLY!  I will never go to anyone else but Jude!  I hate salons that feel like cattle calls - too busy and unpersonal. One of the reasons I love this salon so much is that it feels like I am at a close girlfriend's house - comfortable, relaxing and easy.  I can even work on my computer while I wait for my hair to process.  They aim to please!
2	I waited to leave this review because I kept going back and forth with not wanting to leave a negative review on a business that has so many positives. But I think it's fair that I leave my honest opinion and let others know about my experience, since I originally chose this salon because of the Yelp reviews. Plus, my stylist kept "joking" that I should only leave a Yelp review if it was positive.A few months ago I called and made an appointment with Jude for a trim and ombre color (aka: dirty blonde roots that gradually fade into light blonde). I came in with extra long bleached hair and about two inches of (dirty blonde) regrowth. She put the dye on and let it sit for a while. She rinsed it... and to my horror my roots were dark auburn and the rest of my hair was a mousey brown. A splotchy mousey brown. She made some excuses (that it was splotchy because it was bleached underneath...). She then used some other products that lightened it a bit (some sort of shampoo) and I ended up with light auburn roots and light mousey brown hair. Almost gray brown. She then trimmed it. It wasn't awful but the layers were a little weird. So the two stars are for the cut. At this point I had splotchy, ugly-brown hair. She knew she messed up so she told me to come back if I still didn't like it after a while.I only lasted about a week since I couldn't stand it. I would seriously get upset every time I looked at my hair in a mirror. I called and made an appointment to get it fixed. Luckily she was willing to try some other things. I told her at this point I had given up on the ombre look and just wanted a nice color. I told her I did NOT want chunky streaks or extremely defined streaks. She took me to the shampoo station and used some sort of harsh stripping shampoo and told me I would need a deep conditioning afterwards. She took me to her station and put some blonde (streaky and defined) streaks in my hair. I mentioned it was a little too stripey and she said (sort of joking) "Alright, I'll try one more thing and then I'm throwing the towel in". She touched up the streaks a little with low lights.I ended up with hair was that extremely damaged (even more damaged than when I used to bleach it) and felt like chopping it all off since it was so over processed and dry. I definitely appreciate the stylist attempting to correct it the 2nd time rather than telling me to deal with it, but unfortunately the overall experience was pretty awful. I know the owner will leave a response to this coming up with more excuses, but I think it's very important to own up to mistakes. Or maybe admit in the first place you don't know how to do a process (ombre) and refer me to someone else.
5	I have to agree with the last reviewer. D'Lisa definitely knows what she is doing, especially with men's eyebrows.  It's very hard to find an aestician who properly waxes men's brows without over arching them. Furthermore, I had her wax my nostrils and that's another services that is rare among aesticians. Additionally, it is very easy to book services with her via online. Overall, it was a fantastic experience and I will definitely send my wife to her.
1	I went to this salon because I read so many great reviews about the waxing by D'Lisa.  I arrived for my appointment and the salon was completely empty.  D'Lisa brought me into the waxing room and never really asked me about myself she just started waxing.  Right after she started I felt some of the most pain I have ever felt.  The wax literally ripped the skin off of my face.  She said opps do you use retin a?  I sad yes.  (I have been waxed a thousand times before and this has never happened)  She said your skin can lift off if you use that and get waxed.  Never did she ask me before the waxing began. She then still charged me and didnt even seem sorry.  It took two weeks to heal and thank goodness it did because if you saw it you would of thought it was going to leave forever damage.  Beware of this salon.
5	I came to D'lisa a couple of years ago because I was looking to get a brazilian and didn't know where to go. I was a virgin in this matter, and nervous, and D'lisa made it simple, easy, and so (relatively) painless that when I was done I was shocked by how easy it had been!! I went to her for awhile, but money became tight and I kind of let my waxes fall by the wayside.I recently went again to get it done from another place closer to me. And I only just realized how SPOILED I was by her. She's the right amount of chatty, put me at ease, and is so good it didn't ever really hurt. She knows so much. I'm sore and leery for my next appointment at the other place, because I don't recall it ever hurting so much! D'lisa, I miss you. I will be back soon.
5	Since moving to AZ in 2008, I have dreaded getting my hair done... Going to place after place in an attempt to find someone who understands what I want and has the skills to make it happen.  I read some reviews for Salon D'Shayn on Yelp and decided to try it.  Good thing I did because I finally found exactly who I was looking for... Jude.  I showed her a couple of pictures: one ombre look (brown at the roots fading to blonde at the tips) and one look with "warm blonde" highlights throughout.  After some discussion, we decided the ombre would look best and it seemed like the better option for me (I don't like keeping up with highlights so my roots were already somewhat grown out).  It looks GREAT!  This is the happiest I have ever been after leaving a hair salon.  Jude did a great job with the color, cut AND styling!  She spent quite a bit of time on making my hair look amazing and I am loving the results.  I will definitely be going back to Jude for all of my hair styling needs.I also plan to try Salon D'Shayn for all of their other services as soon as I have a need.  The atmosphere is laid back and real (not snotty or pretentious as I have been accustomed to seeing at other salons in Old Town).I'll be back to visit Jude and Salon D'Shayn very soon! :)
5	It was almost the end of the day and I was able to get out of work a little early so I called D'Lisa. She was able to book me almost immediately ( within 40 minutes ) although it was last minute notice and so late in the day. When I arrived she was ready for me and offered me something cold to drink. She professionally and painlessly waxed my brows to a perfect arch. I will be back, wonderful experience wonderful everything!    Thank you!!
4	I am on vacation on Scottsdale and as part of my "relax and retail therapy" I decided to get a hair cut.  I went onto Yelp to read about local salons and found Salon D' Shayn. I was easily able to make an appointment through the web for a Saturday appointment.  When I arrived at the salon I was greeted warmly and offered a cool beverage while I waited for my stylist to finish up with her client, I was a bit early. Jude said hello and told me she would be right with me which she was at the top of the hour.  Jude consulted with me about what I wanted done and then proceeded to give me a very beautiful cut.  I think my hair came up about 4 inches, all the damaged hair from blowing and curling iron removed.  Judes is a very trained precision stylist and I couldn't be happier.  So much so that in six weeks I'll be returning from Los Angeles to get a brazilian treatment and a trim. The Salon was very clean and everyone was very friendly and compared to BIG city prices this cut was more than affordable.
5	Moving here I was very nervous to find a new esthetician. I went to the same woman for 6 years in Minneapolis & was obsessed with her. You can't just trust anyone with hair removal! Thankfully Yelp directed me to D'Lisa. The salon is easy to find with free parking. Very cool salon with a comfortable waxing room. The wax itself was quick & painless; I was in & out within 30 minutes. First wax is 1/2 off & paying is slick via an iPad. So happy my quest for a new esthetician was easy peasy.
5	I have been manscaping myself for years. It's not very enjoyable, it's difficult to do a good job, and there are areas where a razor should probably not ever be close to, but I have considered it necessary. I never knew getting a wax was an option for a man. I checked with google and found that with D'Lisa indeed it is. I was on the fence but after reading some reviews I took a breath and booked an appointment. Communication with D'Lisa was excellent. I am a man, but I was a bit nervous about the whole thing. I'm a pretty private person and I had no idea what to expect in terms of pain. However, the experience with D'Lisa could not have been better. Was there some pain? Of course, but my fears significantly exceeded the reality. For the gain, it was not bad at all. D'Lisa was very fast with the procedure but calm not rushed. She made me feel comfortable. She obviously knows what she is doing. She also positively influenced the outcome by suggesting how much hair to leave and where rather than just taking my clueless requests from the get go. She shaped me up in a masculine way. I must say that I do look very good and my lady is impressed.
5	I am originally from Boston, MA but go to school out here at ASU. I was in dire need of a new hair cut and could not wait until thanksgiving when I would be home again. I am not super picky about my haircut but I do know what I like. I found Salon D'Shayn on yelp and decided to give it a try. Jude cut my hair and let me tell you she did a phenomenal job. We looked at a couple of pictures to let her know the look I was going for (an A-line bob) and she nailed it. I have never loved a haircut more than the one she gave me. She was also extremely complimentary and nice as well as not too over-talkative like some hairstylists can be. I would recommend this salon and especially Jude to anyone who wants a wonderful haircut.Thank you so much Salon D'Shayn!
5	I should have written this review years ago when I first started going to D'lisa for a Brazilian wax because she is - hands down - the BEST aesthetician!  She's quick and efficient, personable yet professional...she just makes you feel completely at ease while doing a perfect wax job every time!  I'm incredibly lucky to have been referred to her over 5 years ago and would never consider going anywhere else!Thank you D'lisa, you make my life that much easier!
5	Best wax I have ever had! I was beyond happy with Courtney and the work she did. Somehow I was completely comfortable in a very... ahem... uncomfortable situation... I am so pissed cause I just moved out of state and can't see her anymore! But I highly recommend Courtney to anyone and her hours/days were always really great for me. She was always friendly and talkative (in a good way, not in an annoying way!)Great conversation, great prices, great location and great wax! You can't beat that!Thank you Courtney for the wonderful waxes and if I'm ever back in the Scottsdale area I will make sure to see you for another one!
5	Marissa I miss you! I use to go to this salon when I live din Scottsdale. Marissa was the best. She is young cute and hip, she will do your hair the best! GO see her.
5	Best wax in the history of womankind! Nothing compares to the professionalism, comfort, cleanliness, speed and results that a 20-minute wax appointment at Salon D'Shayn! I'd rather skip an appointment than go anywhere else because there results are nearly painless and in record speed my skin is silky smooth void of any irritation. ATTENTION DOWNTOWN PHOENIX RESIDENTS: I hear D'Lisa is opening a second salon downtown, so keep an eye out! You'll never have to dread another wax appointment again!
5	I have been a client of the salon for almost 2 years now, so I should have given it 5 stars for waxing services every time. But this time was special...On Friday my sister and I decided to change our hair, with, wait for it, box color. (Audible Groan) - and after I had royally messed up my hair only days before a big event, I knew exactly who to call.  When the salon opened on Saturday, I called immediately, explained the situation and was told that while very busy (which I totally understand for this amazing salon), they would try to squeeze us both in (yes, we both royally screwed our hair).  Almost in tears, we headed to the salon, where the very kind and wonderful people who worked there explained how they could schedule us both throughout the afternoon.  Marissa was AMAZING. She quickly went to work on my hair, returning it to it's glory (and a touch of golden tones to it too!) and then on my sister, who was also quickly returned to her beautiful blonde self.Then, Monica asked about dying our hair as we intended. I opted to keep my hair natural this time, hearing from the salon owner that my hair color was beautiful as is and that people come in trying to get my color - its great to hear such honesty when the sale would have been easy in my mental state.  My sister opted to go ahead and color her hair as she wanted to on Friday night, and Monica did wonders, timing her perfectly between several clients so she had the perfect copper hue she requested. She even kindly curled her hair so she could see how it would wear day-to-day.I am so loyal to this salon, and so excited for them to open a location closer to my home in downtown Phoenix.  They truly want their clients to leave feeling more beautiful, relaxed and ready for anything than when they walked in!Thank you Marissa, Monica and D'Lisa!
5	An amazing wax! Fast, painless, clean, comfortable and affordable. Not only does the salon offer %50 off your first time (so nice!) they also offer their $35 for $60 deal right now. Also a good thing! I was even offered something to drink while I waited and was seen 20 min early. The decor is bright and cheerful and so many magazines I'm debating getting there early again next time simply to catch up on the gossip.This is a great wax salon and I have Yelpers to thank for pointing me in the right direction. I will be back for more!
2	I recently moved to Scottsdale and was looking for a new hair salon- so I turned to Yelp & booked an appointment with Jude. Problem #1: Upon arriving for my appointment, my stylist was with another client and didn't begin working on my hair until 15 minutes after my scheduled appointment. Apparently she was double booked and spent my entire appointment juggling her other new client and myself. Problem #2: I told her I LOVED my blonde ombre and had just moved from LA. We spoke about how it seems the ombre style in Scottsdale is much more subtle but I told her I love the fade I had achieved with my ombre and wanted it the same even it was a little more distinct. After being juggled and neglected for 2.5 hours my "ombre" came out as light brown/reddish highlights that inconsistently started above my ears. I couldn't stand it any longer and asked to leave. The cut, color, and style were nothing like what I asked and the service was so poor. I wasted a day sitting in the salon for nothing. I hope this review can help someone avoid the hair crisis I'm now attempting to fix.
5	Courtney was awesome! Always attentive service!
5	bought a Groupon for $27 for a brazilian wax.got an appointment with Courtenay with the ease of online scheduling nearly immediately after i purchased the groupon.this was literally the most painless, quickest (under 30 mins), and most thorough wax job i've ever had.i've seen tons of russian, ukrainian, middle eastern, you name it,  waxers in LA that do a great job as well, but courtenay definitely beats all of them!she tells you when to breathe so it will hurt less, she makes the time go by fast because she's so hilarious, and she doesn't miss any spots.i will definitely be booking an appointment with her every time i visit scottsdale!
5	I'm another Grouponer...Courtenay was the best- and totally adorable! The artwork in the waxing room is nice to look at and she played some awesome music, too. She did a very thorough job with waxing and was extremely professional while still being personable. The whole process was quick without being rushed. My eyebrows look great, too! Love love LOVE the online scheduling system. I'm awful at prebooking since my schedule is constantly changing, so being able to schedule a service relatively last minute was nice.The salon itself is cute, very clean, and nicely decorated. There is a reason for all of the positive reviews; they have earned them. I will definitely be back.
1	New in town I was looking for a great brow wax and based on all the wonderful reviews I made an appointment with d'Lisa at the Scottsdale location.  She was friendly and the salon is clean and has a great vibe.  I then had the fastest brow wax ever, literally less than 5 minutes.  I took a quick look in the mirror and was out the door.  When I got home and looked closer I discovered that one brow is 1/8 of an inch from my center line and the other a half inch.  I look crooked and then I noticed I have a hole in one brow.  The gap on the 1/2 inch side looks dumb and I need to pencil it in.   Super bummed, won't be going back.
5	LOVED this place! I had a full leg and brazilian wax done. Courtenay was amazing and did a great job! It was very quick and painless! The studio is very cute and clean. Thank you!
1	I wasn't sure how to respond to the owner's response on Yelp so I am posting this as an update to my original review.  I did try and take a photo with my Iphone when I got home but had trouble centering the photo to show the disparity and gave up.  I am sure you are a very talented waxer as evidenced by the numerous positive reviews.  I suspect you trying to juggle me and two other clients at the end of the day played a big role in what happened with my brows.  I don't really understand your statement about half my eyebrow being gone.  To clarify, the distance between the bridge and one brow is 1/8 and on the other side 1/2.  The hole is not huge but was not there before and the hairs were probably caught in the wax.  I did tell you they looked great, and with the quick glance I had in the mirror I saw clean and shiny brows that looked neat so I was out the door.  It was upon further examination when I got home that I saw how off they were.  I have been having my brows waxed for years and while they definitely were in need of cleaning up, their shape was good and there were no holes.  I truly believe based on the amount time you spent with me, this was a result of you being rushed.  I appreciate very much you taking the time to respond and I hope you will consider slowing down because rushing can lead to mistakes.  I see that you are considered one of the best and that is the only conclusion I can come to for why this happened.
5	I'm an out-of-towner, needing a leg wax and haircut.  Based on Yelp reviews, I chose this salon - and I was very pleased.  It's a bright, clean and relaxing space.  D'lisa did my waxing...very quick, easy, thorough.  Nicely done.  Marissa was my stylist.  I explained and showed pics of what I wanted and I got it!  A great cut, nice shampoo and a scalp massage!  Well done, well done.  I'd go back to the salon and both stylists again.  Thanks to Yelp for a great recommendation!
5	This place was wonderful! My sister, my mother and I were all treated so well. I had the best facial, my sister had a bang trim and my mother was thrilled with her much needed hair cut.  She left Salon D'Shayn an elegant and sophisticated woman!Everyone was very sweet and accommodating. I completely recommend this salon and will be back for our girls' day together again very soon.  Thank you Salon D'Shayn!
5	The best experience I have EVER had getting a bikini wax (first time here I had a Brazilian). Courtney is hilarious and made me feel super comfortable while singing to Michael Buble and waxing me. I think I was so comfortable I barely experienced any pain. Great salon, I would absolutely recommend to anyone. It's a 30 minute drive from me and SO worth it.
5	Went to Salon d'Shayn today for the first time to see Lia for a all over color and my hair that was in need of a cut. She took me from a over processed blonde to amazing shiny brunette! Thank you Lia for taking such good care of me and for the beautiful blowout! I will definitely be back!
5	I just got my hair done by Dustin and he is absolutely fantastic.  I would rate him as the best stylist I have ever gone to.  I went for an overall color and hair cut.  My hair is long and curly and my color was definitely off since the last stylist at choppers did my hair.  Dustin discussed best options with me and the coloring was meticulous.  Ladies do you know how some stylists get dye on your face, tops of your ears and neckline.  Well Dustin took such care to make sure that this did not happen.  The cut for my hair was perfect and it was exactly what I wanted.  I wouldn't go to anyone else in the valley but Dustin.
5	I bought a Groupon for a brazilian wax and scheduled an appointment with Courtenay based mostly on the amount of awesome yelp reviews she had.I've been waxed a few times before, but I felt that she did the most thorough job in removing all of the hair.  She was also very knowledgeable in answering questions I had and I can tell she knows her stuff :)I liked her personality, she was professional but kept things light and has a good sense of humor which anyone who is in that position can appreciate.  I definitely plan on coming back.  Others have mentioned this, but I liked the online scheduling feature and also appreciated that I didn't have to wait weeks or months to get in to use my Groupon.  It was a very positive experience.
5	Love love love this salon! Lia is awesome! I used to go to Steven Paul. I couldn't stand how superficial and snotty those people are! Lia is by far the best I've seen with blondes :) and she definitely knows a thing or two with that curling iron! Try Lia out it worth it! Oh and if you're ever in need of a next day appointment she will do her best to get you in...even if she has to start at 7am!
5	Jude is the bomb. And you can schedule your appointments online. And it's right in Old Town. And you can have a glass of wine while you get your hair done. It's hard to find a good hair stylist who does exactly what you want, so thanks Jude!  No complaints, go here.
5	So happy they were able to get me in last minute.. I saw Ashton for  the first time about a week ago...  She recolored my hair to a rich shiny brown with Carmel highlights... Love my hair and I have been getting a lot of compliments.. Ashton is a Rockstar!
5	Went for a first time Brazilian. I was pretty nervous but the atmosphere was calming and Lisa was great at creating conversation and keeping my mind off the wax. She was so quick and professional , I'll definitely be going back in the future!
5	Had a positive experience at Salon D'Shayn. Was greeted upon entry and offered something to drink and a place to sit and wait (I was early).  Lia was cheerful, helpful, and easy to talk to.  She gave me a great haircut, showed me how to take care of it, and answered my questions regarding hair coloring.  The salon is small, but neat and clean. Plenty of parking on the street.  Will be back!
5	I see tons of great reviews for their waxing services, so I wanted to jump in and comment on my stylist. I've had my hair done by Marissa twice now, and she's been absolutely great both times!  She gives excellent advice, which is helpful for those of us who walk in without knowing exactly what we want.  She actually told me last time that I DIDN'T need to re-do my ombre color yet, even though I was expecting to and ready to pay for it.   Definitely give her a try!
5	I have been going to Salon d'Shayn since I moved to Scottsdale almost 2 years ago, and I have never had a bad experience there.  First of all, I love that I can schedule online.  It's so simple!  The owner, D'Lisa does my brow/lip waxes, but I've also been to Courtenay.  They both do a fantastic job while being very fast and friendly.  Marissa is my stylist, and she is great.  I have been doing the same thing to my hair (all over color) for the past several years, and she does it faster than anyone I've ever been to!  You'd think the quality would be compromised if the treatment is faster, but that does not appear to be the case!  I also love that I am always offered a glass of wine at my hair appointments.  If I don't want wine, there's water and lemonade.  Plus, they always have snacks on a table when you walk in.  I always leave with a purse full of fruit snacks and Laffy Taffy!  Finally, their prices are extremely reasonable.  When I moved to Scottsdale from Nashville, I expected everything to be more expensive, including taking care of my hair.  I actually pay less at Salon d'Shayn than I did in Nashville, and the quality is just as good if not better than what I was getting there!  I would definitely recommend them to anyone!
5	I just moved here from Chicago and found this salon on Yelp. Marissa gave me the BEST haircut I have ever had! A+++++++++++ She is great about making sure she understands what you want and that you're happy.. Really a GREAT haircut!
5	I went to see Courtenay on a random day for a brazilian and was lucky enough to score an appointment. (Note: This kind of luck does not present itself end of day. The skies had really opened for me. The Bikini Overlords bestowed me with luck. Make an appointment. You can do that online.)While waiting to be seen I was offered vino (yum!) and chowed on some snacky treats (yes!). Ok, ok. Even though there were some healthy options available (granola bars and nuts) I went straight for the chocolate. It happens. And has happened again. Ho hum.Right. So. In the lovely waxing room I was surprised to be greeted with art. Art! Apparently it changes (and is also for sale). Neat!Courtenay clearly knows what she's doing. The experience was efficient, precise and painless. If this wasn't a PG rated site I would go into more detail. But rest assured this woman is really *really* good at what she does.Also, she wears a kick butt apron.The first visit is  1/2 off! Squee! I'm a happy repeat customer. Highly recommend!
5	I've been living in Scottsdale for almost 2 years, and finally found a hairdresser and a salon that I absolutely love. I got my haircut today with Ashton, and it was exactly what I wanted, she didn't get scissor happy, and even fixed my uneven haircut! The salon is clean, adorable, and everyone there looks happy, and just gives off a good vibe. I highly recommend Ashton, and this salon.
2	Yelp failure -- red errr big time!I'm not going to mention the stylist's name but (s)he butchered my hair color right before my big celebration. I even provided a picture of the color/style and my hair is as far from that color as you can imagine -- it had to be dyed more or less black to cover the mistake! While the stylist recognized the mistake by not charging me for the service and immediately scheduled another appointment with a different stylist (what would be my fourth processing within two days), I simply don't support the other reviews when there are so many salons to choose from in this city. Gotta go wash my hair - I can't seem wash my hair often enough....
4	I purchased a Groupon for a Brazilian wax and I was really impressed. They have online scheduling, which every salon should embrace! Courtenay (my waxer) was extremely efficient and got every spec of hair off. She even went beyond the bikini line and waxed the upper thigh, which I think everyone should do. She was fun to chat with and very nice. She was also patient and didn't make me feel bad when I was 5 minutes late because I couldn't find the salon (my fault, not theirs). She's a "fast puller" so you can barely feel the rip ("slow pullers" have me in agony because I can literally feel every hair being ripped out-ouch!)  Courtenay's confident, so she doesn't hesitate when she pulls, which drastically reduces the pain. The salon also uses Tend Skin and a tea tree oil lotion after the wax; within 30 minutes of the wax, I had no redness (it usually takes an hour for the redness to subside). There are two reasons I am giving them four stars and not five, however, these are personal preferences, so take my comments with a grain of salt. The first reason is that they use soft wax; I prefer hard wax. There is an industry debate over which is better. There are pros and cons for both and it's usually a personal preference that dictates which is superior. Soft wax (when they use a cloth strip) gets a lot of hair, but when you rip it, it takes the top layer of skin AND the hair off. Because it's so aggressive, you can't go over the same spot again, but it provides great exfoliation and can reduce how many ingrown hairs you get. Hard wax allows you to go over the same spot again, but can leave behind fine little hairs as well as little specs of wax (which are easily removed). Hard wax also has to cool before it can be removed, so it sometimes can take a little bit longer, but if you have a good waxer, there's no difference in the appointment time. Anyway . . . the reason I prefer hard wax is that soft wax usually makes me bleed (I guess I have sensitive skin). Courtenay was so good though that I only had a tiny spec of bleeding that was gone in two seconds. The other reason I only gave them four stars is that they do not offer waxing packages. Their pricing for a Brazilian wax is $60, which is the industry standard. However, so many places now offer discounts if you buy several waxes at once; their pricing isn't what I would call competitive, although it isn't unreasonable by any means. If they switched to package pricing for loyal clients, I would definitely overlook the soft waxing and return to the salon for my next wax. Oh, and one other thing (I didn't factor this into my rating, but I found it amusing). They have this silly little modesty towel to cover your pelvic region while you are waxed, but it's kind of ridiculous. You are receiving a Brazilian; she's going to see everything eventually anyway! Once you get over the embarrassment of your first time, modesty should go out the window, but that's just me. Happy waxing! :-)
5	I have been a loyal client of Ashton Duffy's for over two years. She's the absolute best. She is amazing with color and always does a fantastic job. It always brightens my day to see her and have her do my hair, and she takes extra time to style it like you want and even teach you new tricks and tips on how to style it. I will be forever loyal to Ashton!
5	I was really apprehensive at the beginning of my experience at Salon D'Shayn. For one thing, when I called in to book an appointment, the person who picked up claimed that they were "new" and couldn't tell me who was in who was able to do haircuts, so she wasn't able to book an appointment for me and asked me to do it online instead.  But when I walked in for my appointment with Jude, all of my worries were totally blown away. Jude is an AMAZING hair stylist! She is super friendly and kind and offered me 30% off my cut because I was a first-time client. I didn't really know what I wanted, so I just told her to do whatever she thought would make me look good and update my look. She is A WIZARD WITH SCISSORS. I have NEVER gotten a better haircut from anybody else! She asked a lot of experienced, knowledgeable questions in order to tailor a haircut just for me--she asked me questions about my lifestyle, if I was the type to fix up my hair a lot or not, if I straightened or combed it, if I liked to tie it up, etc. Then she chose a look that both complimented my face and suited my preferences and it looks fantastic. I was so, so happy with how it turned out, and everyone that day gave me so many compliments about how great I looked! My boyfriend was blown away too!I'm going to recommend that all of my friends go to Salon D'Shayn. Everyone there is very friendly and happy to be there, and the atmosphere seems so personal and inviting. Jude in particular is wonderfully experienced and skilled--I'm definitely coming back!
5	I went to Jude today and asked her to remake my hairstyle - she did it with enthusiasm and professionalism.  I am very happy with the color, cut, and salon; it is small and hip.  Jude is a warm, personable, unhurried woman who charges more for her services than I'm used to , but gives you her talents and undivided attention.  I hope I can go back and let her help me look and feel better again!  She's awesome!
5	Yelped this Salon due to the fact I went to another place on a groupon and my highlights looked like a cheap wig. Took a chance on Jude, and what a good decision  it was. I thought my only solution was to do more damage to my hair, and put more highlights on top of old rug shade toner. I was wrong. Jude simply put a clarifying process on my hair that removed the scrub water toner I had on my highlights. She evened out my cut and I left feeling like I could go out in public again. I live in a Cave Creek and will gladly drive by 30 plus salons on my way to see Jude when I need my highlights done;) FYI other salons I have went to are some of the top names in the valley.
5	Oh my god. I love this place and I'm never going anywhere else for hair!As a sufferer of alopecia areata (thinning on head due to autoimmune disorder), I have never had a stylist treat me as an individual; they always looked at my hair dysfunction and suggested alternative cuts to what I wanted "to hide the thinning." I don't care about the thinning! Jude did just that though. She took one look at the picture I had and gave nothing but compliments. She suggested I try a fiber cover for my scalp that they didn't carry, but suggested places I could find it. I wanted a pixie cut and she delivered! The look is so versatile, I'm so excited to play with it! I couldn't be happier!! Although the cut exposes more thinning areas, I just apply some Toppik and I'm good. Thank you so much, Jude! From this cut alone, I've built up so much confidence because I'm not hiding behind my hair anymore. My hair doesn't define me and she was the only hairstylist that got that. I'll be back!
5	Hands down, the most superior salon experience I've ever had. I found a groupon and had no idea what I was in for. I was immediately greeted and offered a drink while I waited. The salon is beautiful and very clean. D'Lisa is amazing with the wax. Sara came in on her day off, last minute, because I needed a haircut! This is my place now. It will take wild horses to get me to go anywhere else for my services. The prices are low, the professionalism is high. Thank you so much, ladies!!!!!
5	After some massive faff and having an appointment cancelled on me back in the UK, I had to find someone once I landed in Phoenix stat. Thanks to the Internet gods and Yelp I found Salon D'Shayn and Courtenay in Scottsdale. You know you're back in Scottsdale and been abroad too long when it makes you cringe to hear a girl talk about needing two engagement rings--one for going out, and one for every day.I've had some great waxes and not so great waxes across the US and in the UK... Courtenay is brilliant and a riot with her sense of humour (you need to with this job, eh?). She will sing to you (Norah Jones) and put you at ease. Although I prefer hot wax with my sensitive skin, the results with strip wax were flawless. Her technique was meticulous, which I totally appreciate. If I still lived in the Valley, I would definitely make her a staple in my beauty book.Good to know: 50% off for first time wax clients--score!
4	I had put off getting a trim too long until I couldn't any longer. My usual stylist moved so I was on the hunt for someone new (almost as daunting as trimming more than an inch away). I had visited the salon before for a wax but this time booked a cut with Lia. I walked into a busy salon and was greeted with drink options and led to a sitting area. My only qualm was she was running a little behind. I'm patient and didn't really mind, but some people might. Needless to say- thank you Lia for refreshing my tired mane and giving me probably the best blow out ever. Still rockin' day two. Very pleased and will try to rebook before I move.
5	After being curious about Brazilian waxes for years, but always too scared to actually make an appointment, my good friend found Salon D'Shayn and recommended that I go to Courtenay to have my Brazilian wax virginity taken. I am SO GLAD I finally mustered up the courage to book an appointment because I am forever changed. Not only is Courtenay super professional and fun, but the wax experience was almost painless! Not at all what I was expecting, but in the best way possible. She makes you feel super comfortable the whole time and will even sing you some Frank Sinatra while she works her magic on your nether regions. :) I highly recommend Salon D'Shayn - the salon is funky, fun, and everyone makes you feel welcome. Plus with 50% off waxes for first time clients, you can't go wrong! Book an appointment with Courtenay, you won't be disappointed.
5	Went to get a trim and deep condition with Jude and have to admit felt intimidated walking in and being surrounded by all the pretty stylists but they quickly made me feel welcome and more importantly Jude did an amazing job on my layers and my hair was so healthy after. Amazing salon.
5	Ashton Duffy has been cutting and coloring my hair for several years now and she is amazing! She truly cares about everyone and wants to give them the best, and she does! I have recommended her and will continue to do so! Thank you Ashton for always making me look and feel beautiful every time!
5	Salon D' Shayn is one of my favorite salons because of the casual feel and friendly people who work in the salon.  I have been going to the salon for about 6 years, since my hairstylist, Jude, started at the salon.  Jude has been doing my hair for over 10 years and I couldn't be happier.  I refer all of my friends to Jude because she is truly amazing and accommodating with scheduling.  The most recent friend who I referred is totally in love with her haircut from Jude.  I am very particular about my color and have soo much faith in Jude and her experience that I usually sit in the chair and tell her to do whatever she thinks is best for cut and color.  I can honestly say I have NEVER been disappointed with any cut or color from Jude.  She is awesome to talk to and down to earth.  Additionally, she works with your schedule and will come in early, late, and at times on her day off to help her clients.  I don't live near the salon but take the extra drive because it is worth it!!I often don't yelp unless I feel pretty strongly about a place, person, or situation.  I got my hair done by Jude yesterday, the same day someone chose to write a negative review about Jude.  I was not present during this encounter but can say that this person took the appointment I had scheduled at 9:30 and to know she showed up late is extremely frustrating and disrespectful.  Jude asked if I could reschedule to later in the day as she had a new client that morning.   Since Jude has always been accommodating to me, I was willing to assist her in her scheduling.  As I stated,  I saw Jude later in the day after this reported rude encounter occurred and Jude was nothing but professional and gave me a kick butt hair do!   I have only gotten my hair done at the salon until yesterday when I also squeezed in a brow wax and was super stoked with the results.  I will definitely be adding more salon services after my experience yesterday.  If you are looking for a great salon and amazing hairstylist....this is the place!!!!
5	Just got the most amazing super light blonde color with Dustin. He was very attentive to what I wanted for my color. I had let my single processed color grow out and had about an inch of roots that had grown out... not easy to fix to go from that to the most perfect combo ever!There are a lot of salons in the old town area that I've tried and this one is the only place I'm going to frequent from now on. Everyone was very friendly, the vibe was great, and the results were exactly what I wanted.Another big plus is that you can book online... something I think every company should have.
5	I LOVE coming here everyone is so nice the Atmosphere is Funky, Artsy, and Very Relaxing, I see Jude for hair she's Awesome always doses such a great job and she always listens to what I want and I leave happy every time (unlike other stylists I've seen I'm the past where you tell them what you want and when they're done it's not what you asked for. :(  )  I work a CRAZY schedule and have a trouble finding the time to come in Jude is ALWAYS So Understanding and Accommodating, I've also come here for waxing too and they always do a great job! I always recommend this place to friends and family and I will definitely be coming back again and again keep up the great job ladies! :D
5	What I love the most about Salon D'Shayn, has got to be Dustin. His color weaving technique is intricate, his foils are not flopping on my face, he's gentle with my scalp, and will suggest an alternative if my idea is too far fetched. People always ask if this is my real hair color. I can't lie; because I want everybody to experience naturally looking colored hair so I refer them to Dustin. His cuts grow out evenly as well.Some other things I love about this salon? The local artists on the wall. Ever in rotation will you be introduced to some of the valley's most creative. Lemonade, tea, coffee, Laffy Taffy, good tunes- this shop is great to hang out in if a friend is getting pampered. Current issues of the latest celebrity smut spread out on a table. I love going to the salon and dishing with the girls about Branjelina.Cleanliness is never an issue and I appreciate the bathroom decor & use of Orange towels and not paper towels.  D'Lisa is a local girl and supports the local economy. All of her stylists have family in AZ & have been loyal to D'Lisa for years. Getting your hair did and bikini wax on at either PHX or Scottsdale shops, is boosting Arizona in the right direction.  The staff is welcoming, attentive, personable, skilled, & communicative. I've always been welcomed and remembered. Don't we all just want a place where everyone knows your name?Keep up the fabulous work, Ladies and Gent.
5	I just moved to the area and was extremely nervous about getting color and a cut from a stylist who was new to me.  I used YELP to assist me in finding a Salon and a stylist.  Salon D'Shayn had such great reviews I made an appointment with Dustin without hesitation. The interior is clean, inviting, and very comfortable.  Dustin did not fail to deliver.  Dustin took the time to listen and was great to offer suggestions.  He appeared so knowledgeable that I totally trusted in his ability and judgement.  My color and style exceeded my expectation as well as the price.  Dustin was meticulous in making sure my cut was even and clean - I have never had a better haircut.   Dustin was pleasant and personable and he has earned my business for as long as he will have me!
5	My wife and I go here for haircuts and waxing. The rates are spot on and the customer service is excellent. I thought as a guy it would feel weird going to a salon instead of a barber for a haircut but everyone is really cool so I feel comfortable. The vibe of the Salon is unique and fun. If you live in Scottsdale or Phoenix this is the place to go fo sho!
5	I have been getting my haircuts with Dustin for the past several months now and have been very pleased each time. Dustin is very skilled, consistent, and pays close attention to detail. In addition to being talented at his craft, Dustin is also genuinely friendly, calm, and unpretentious. I also appreciate that he doesn't talk my ear off while he's working on my hair.The salon is very clean and comfortable. They always have a variety of snacks and soft beverages set up on the side. I almost always have a pack or two (or three!) of Welch's fruit snacks each time I'm there, although I didn't have any today. Yes, I am the one eating all the packets of fruit snacks!!5 stars, hands down.
4	There the meat counter is the best of all to me. Also have variety of collection very competitive and active. Most of the time I went for taking their meat section -being fresh I love it.
5	Santanascissorsaz really enjoyed the very welcoming and professional staff and owner.Thankyou
5	I have been seeing Jude for almost 10 years. She does an amazing job not only on my color but also cut. I get compliments all the time. She also made my terminally ill mother feel so beautiful while she was undergoing chemo and radiation. Great customer service, great stylist! A+++
5	A TRUE GEM!Will never go anywhere else to get waxed again.Courtney is a doll, and after going to more than a couple of "good" waxing salons, I can honestly say I've never been treated so well or enjoyed waxing as much as when I go there. She knows all the in's and out's on how to do it right, quick & easy, and with the least amount of discomfort, and making it the most enjoyable it can possibly be. Plus she's got a great personality & attitude. With Lavender oils, and creams to sooth you, she makes you wonder: where have you been my whole "Welcome to being a woman / shaving life"?!? As for price, totally the same as every one else, (besides dicey nail salons) and way better experience.
5	Courtney is amazing !! She's a true professional and perfectionist  She has the ability to make you feel completely comfortable and has the best sense of humor ..I don't know many people who can say they look forward to seeing their esthetician
5	Courtenay is awesome. She makes the 20-30 min Brazilian wax experience manageable. I initially went to her based on outstanding yelp reviews, and will keep going because she really makes it quick and pretty painless considering. She plays good music and has loads of interesting and sometimes random knowledge to chat about (great distraction)! She has a great sense of humour. The salon is clean, inviting, and nicely decorated. The art is cool. It's super easy to make an appointment online. Also new customers get 50% off the first appointment, without any coupon or groupon! Bottom line- Courtenay is totally the best waxer in Arizona!
5	I have been a customer of Salon D' Shayn  for a over a year now.   Bret always cuts my hair, and is a genius with a men's cut.   If you are looking for a great hair stylist with true talent then you need to make your next appointment with Bret.  You will walk out looking Fabulous!
5	Nikki has been my stylist for a long time now and she is FANTASTIC! My hair used to be my least favorite feature. I never knew what to do with it and never received any compliments on it. Nikki has not only transformed my hair but she has educated me on how to take care of it and style it. Now my hair is one of my favorite features and I get compliments on it all the time. I still don't know how to style my hair all that well, but Nikki cuts it into a low maintenance style and teaches me easy tips. She listens to me and just knows what to do to make my hair look great (even when I don't know how to explain what I want).She is also my hero for doing my hair for my wedding. It was the one part of my wedding I didn't worry about. I knew that Nikki would make it look great. She also cornered my soon-to-be husband and made sure he looked presentable as well.I love Nikki and this salon. I recommend her without any reservations. You will not be disappointed.
5	Excellent salon with consistently great results! I've been going to Jude for cut and color for over three years, and I always leave happy. I have long, thick curly hair and Jude is quick and efficient, every time.The salon itself is small, clean and welcoming, displaying art and goods from local artists.I found Salon D'Shayn through Yelp a few years ago, and I'm so glad I did.
5	service was quick n fast
5	Dustin is the man to see if you want only the best cut and dye available in town. He hooked it up for both myself and my lady. Im impressed and im a guy, my girl on the other hand said she hasnt looked better in years! Plus, he is one of the nicest down to earth dudes ive ever met. Do yourself and your image a favor--go see Dustin, I promise you wont be let down!
5	This is an adorable little shop right in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale. I had been looking for a new salon as I was not satisfied with the other place I had tried. I got on Yelp and was impressed after reading several pages of reviews about Salon D'Shayn. I was able to call and get in the same day, which was nice. I noticed they also have online booking that makes it very convenient. I booked an appointment with Jude. She took her time to do a consultation before we began. My previous hair stylist did a horrible job on my last cut so I had a lot of uneven places and was really unhappy. I told Jude what I wanted and the story about the last girl. Jude really took the time to listen about how my hair is and the ways I style it. She took me back for a wash- that felt great! If I could have someone wash my hair and give me a head massage every day, I'd be a happy camper. Anyways, she was very precise in her cuts and made sure everything was even. I couldn't decide whether to leave my bold bangs or grow them out. Jude told me to go home, fix my hair the next couple days, and if I wanted to cut them to text her and she'd get me in without a hitch. She even gave me a discount for being a new client! She did a great job and I will definitely be back!
