3	A well placed Pool Table greets you when you enter here via the side door. If I'd known it had that I'd have been in ages ago. Compared to a lot of pub tables in Edinburgh this one has practically no bad spots from which to take your shots. A well priced bar and decently maintained interior round out a good drinking experience, especially if you want to unobtrusively see some local culture and maybe get some banter or at least a chat about the football. 2013  Now under new management & re-named The Other Place the pool table has gone, the range of beers has increased, the bar's moved to the east wall and food is being served. Bar prices are the same as more central establishments now but the general atmosphere is pretty relaxed and mature. Having not sampled anything off the food menu I've docked a star for now.
4	This is a new bar in town following the closure of The Stags Head which used to be very much an 'old mans pub' there has been a significant renovation which has resulted in a totally different experience. Full length opening windows give the bar a mediterranean feel and the introduction of a kitchen visible to the diners is also a welcome gentrification of the area.There is a huge supply of bottled ales available as well as about 7 or 8 draught ales including one of my personal favourites, Black Isle Blonde. I also noted some interesting whisky, including a Japanese malt. The food is fantastic, myself and dining partner both had the Brisket Beer Chilli which is served with Nachos. It's such a welcome change to have a chilli containing real chunks of meat instead of mince which gave a really nice texture to the meal. There was a fair bit of heat in the dish, not over-powering, but enough to get the nose running.A welcome addition to the Canonmills area and definitely a place I will be returning to.
4	It was only after they descended the stairs to the bar area that Joe realised he was ducking his head. A full week had passed since a section of the ceiling had fell away - mere days after opening - only to be repaired within a matter of hours. Obviously the story had stuck in his mind but looking around he could see the staff buzzing about a hive of tables, most occupied by friends and lovers, lost in conversationThe Other Place was very much back in business.Feeling a little foolish, and hoping Jennie hadn't noticed, he straightened up and they took their seats; a small, round, European-influenced table, far enough from the patio doors to avoid the glare of the sun yet close enough to appreciate the cooling breeze that whipped by outside.Almost instantly they were greeted by their waitress, a petit and cheerful girl with an accent that served to echo their surroundings. They placed the usual drinks order: a white wine (large) for her; a Jack and Coke (Diet) for him.Typically they discussed the events that had momentarily staggered the Other Place's opening week. Looking up, they could easily differentiate between old and new ceilings. The largest flat section was now a spread of grey mortar, but all the rest retained its classic elegance. There were three sections over the bar area in all, chandeliers hung centrally from all, but the older two also held circular mirrors that rounded the light fixtures, and the detailed cornicing, with its ornate engravings, were captivating.A moment later Joe spotted their drinks, albeit atop a waiter's tray that was headed the wrong way. The waiter seemed not to know where the beverages were destined to be but Joe certainly did and intervened just as the waitress with the accent pointed out their table.The summer weather had drawn an unexpected crowd, or so it seemed from the tables that had been amassed inside. This by no means made their stay uncomfortable but the impromptu table layout was obviously leading the waiting staff a merry chase as a result. Spirits were high and the waiter made his apologies by way of some charming banter, which they both appreciated.Then their waitress returned. "Ready to order?" she said with an enthusiastic smile."Absolutely," Joe replied. "If the portion is big enough, we'd like to share the Spicy Shrimp and Chorizo starter...?"He glanced at Jennie as he spoke, her cool green eyes glittering thoughtfully as if she was trying to calculate how much food she might manage, before she confirmed his choice with a nod.Joe smiled appreciatively, "And for mains...?" He gestured to his partner to take the lead."I'll have the Chilli Cheese Dog with extra Fried Onions," Jennie said, decisively."And for me, the Juicy Lucy with the Hash Brown topping."While they waited for their first course, they took in the place. Beforehand it had been an old gentleman's public house, with a name involving a Stag or some other woodland creature no doubt. The transformation was impressive; the room in which they sat now the bar area, while the upper level housed the open-face kitchen, artfully circled by an array of stools for those who wished to watch their food being prepared.The bar itself was rather impressive too, Art Deco in style - much like the majority of the decor and furnishings - with a vast selection of bourbons and rums, whiskies and wines on display. Joe had heard rumour they stocked 100 various beers and ales back there too.The Shrimp and Chorizo dish could not have been any better. A perfect sharing dish, but good enough to make Joe wish he'd bought his own. The shrimp soft and delicate, the chorizo veritably haemorrhaging flavour; it needed to be tried to be believed. Joe initially added the romantic touch of sharing the dish with the same fork, however he had clearly forgotten how slowly Jennie tended to eat, so - once he'd tasted that chorizo - snapped up the spare fork with fervour.Equally so, they enjoyed their mains. The Chilli Dog as messy animal indeed, and Jennie used her cutlery wisely, albeit to Joe's horror (few things in this world must be eaten by hand but both burgers and hotdogs are at the apex of that list). The chilli itself, which they had experienced once before, was interesting in that it closer resembled pulled pork, but in no way was that a criticism; it was delightful.The burger patty was handmade, and clearly so as it crumbled juicily with each bite. Stuffed with subtle cheese and topped with a flaky hash brown, his only gripe was that the latter was under-seasoned. Despite that negative, he made a note to contact all his friends on the quest for Edinburgh's Best Burger to take note of The Other Place.The meal had been a test. A test of the Other Place and what they were bringing to the capital. A test of how they intended to compete with neighbouring Stockbridge without being as wanky. A test of why they could justify some of the prices on their menu.It was test they passed.
4	i honestly could not believe when a friend told me she had visited a new bar in what was previously known as the stags head.  see, the stags head was the type of bar i avoided, a popular local for the older men crowd who drink real beer and stand outside smoking cigarettes.  definitely not the place for me.  but then it shut and almost overnight it re-opened into a cool gastro-pub that was welcoming for all the young professional types that have been moving in the area as more and more new developments are built.i finally had a chance to try this place out when nikki a and i decided we needed a drink and some time to catch up.  i arrived first and grabbed a seat in the corner of the front room bit.  this bar is a bit odd as what appears to be the front entrance on rodney street brings you into what actually appears to be the back of the bar with a view into an open kitchen.  two steps down brings you to the actual front area where there is a well stocked bar and massive windows that can be fully opened on a nice sunny day.  we ordered a bottle of wine, reasonably priced, and contemplated the food menu for some nibbles.  this place offers up a good array of pub grub but with a classy edge.  i had the chili cheese fries, which was a massive bowl of a hybrid between a roasted potato and hand cut chip topped with shredded beef brisket in a spicy sauce and loads of cheese.  it was delicious!!  the chips, OMG, the chips!  this hybrid between a roasted tattie and a hand cut chip was just awesome, they were crunchy on the outside but soft and fluffy inside and just soooo tasty.  the beef brisket chili was also really good, with tender beef and a nice kicky chilli sauce.  nikki a had the nachos, which i can also confirm were quite tasty!the service was friendly and they were quick to clear our plates and take our order to replenish our wine.  however, while the chairs looked comfy i have to say i struggled to find a comfortable position to sit in.  it was almost like the seat was just a bit too small for me.  it's a small thing, but would sort of put me off staying in the bar for ages with drinks since i couldnt' get comfortable sitting.however, this bar is great!  and sooooo close to me!  i literally cannot believe the transformation it has went through and i'm definitely looking forward to making this my regular :)
4	A fantastic new bar in Cannonmills, Edinburgh. It's a big bar with lots of comfy seating and doors/windows that open right onto the street, the staff are all very good! The food is really enjoyable but could offer more on the menu and lastly The Other Place has good draft beer on tap for everyone and a wide rage of bottled beers... Just ask staff for the beer list! I go a lot for lunch but also good to visit at night!
5	I came to the other place with friends that live in Edinburgh, I live in California. We sat at the bar and couldn't get over their selection of beers from around the world. I hadn't heard of most of them from the states. They said they had over 108 types. Elliott and Arron the bartenders were very knowledgeable of the beers.  I tried quite a few of them and enjoyed each one.  The food is excellent, they have sort of an American flare.  I had the nachos with chili on it, very good. My friends had the fried chicken with mashed potatoes with gravy, I love the gravy, but my favorite was the Mac and cheese, reminded me of my childhood.  Love the decor and everyone was so nice. I highly recommend trying this place out.
3	Been in here a couple of times now. Good booze on tap, some interesting spirits, friendly staff and interesting looking venue. Aiming to head back and try out their menu at some point. Well worth a visit if you are passing..
4	Have been meaning to check this place out since I saw it'd been done up and re'opened in the Summer.. it's amazing what they have done to what used to be a really dingey ropey pub..All the times I've walked past on a Friday afternoon it has been absolutely packed... although they really don't do themselves any favours by having big massive chairs.. which I'm sure are lovely and comfy to sit on.. but probably not the best idea when space is at a premium.. My friends and I ended up sat around a wine barrel on some bar stools right in the middle of the doors to the bathrooms.. which wasn't really ideal but the other option was to stand and mill around at the bar.Our party of four had plans to dine, although many of the tables were only set up as twos... so with only 2 tables that could fit 4, it got rather dicey as to how long we'd need to wait for a table to free up so we could sit...I asked the staff if we could put our name down for a table and they said they'd come get us if a table became free.. I was getting hungry so I asked again about a table and the waitress said we could order then once our food was ready we could eat it at the "kitchen bar"... We all agreed, though I also spied a table of four leaving, only to be told that as the table was quite small it was hard for 4 people to eat around it and we would have more room at the kitchen bar... Erm.. Not particularly true.. Anywhos! We'd ordered starters and mains.. and somehow she'd not split the order when she put it in the till... and apparently the kitchen didn't think to double check with her about 8 dishes being made at once for a party of 4...  so it ended up being a bit Man V Food for us to try and eat both courses before they got cold.The manager did come to speak to us to apologise straight away which I appreciated. He offered to buy us a round of drinks, but as our friends had just got a bottle of wine and we both had full drinks, we declined, so he offered to take some food off the bill which I thought was a generous gesture.SUMMARY : Food was really good, stand out dishes were the Beer Chilli, Steak & Fried Chicken.  Prices are pretty average for drinks and food.  Service was fantastic apart from the mix up with our food.  Decor and atmosphere was great tho quite cramped and a bit hard to get around.  Wouldn't hesitate to head back and can understand why they are so busy all the time~!
4	Oh, what an amusing name! "Let's meet at The Other Place." "What other place?" "The Other Place!" I like the owner's sense of humour.After reading the reviews that popped up when it first opened, and knowing that my friends frequent it quite a bit, I was curious. I'd heard their chilli fries were good, the window seats adorably cosy (and the windows open during the summer) and it was just a laid-back, nice bar in Canonmills.So I popped down here for lunch, and went for the BBQ Hot Dog (see the photo!) The hot dog itself was really thin, like a really thin sausage. It was made with 50% beef and 50% pork...but I was a little disheartened at the size. But the BBQ-sauce simmered onions that came with it were plentfiul and delicious. It was a really nice hot dog, I just would have liked more of it! The chips that came with it were tooooo good though, and if I hadn't gorged myself on chips and cheese at 3am the previous night, I would have eaten them all!I'll definitely come back here to try more, especially the burgers (one with a melting cheesy middle). The tables are a little small and not the ideal size / shape. Not bad, but just not...my ideal seating arrangement.But yep, I liked The Other Place! It's nice to see bars popping up in quieter ends of town to give some options against the heavy-weights like Holyrood 9a and BrewDog.
3	The Other Place bodes so well! A good range of draught beers, whiskies, sexy decor, a very visible kitchen - by all rights, this should be one of my favourite pubs. But really it's not.Why? Because there's only one decent thing on the menu! So, here's the good news: the beef brisket chilli is really good - spicy, tasty, rich, thick and satisfying, this is chilli as it should be, while the use of slow-cooked brisket gives it an unpretentious twist on the usual gastropub effort. Add a cold beer and you'll walk away from The Other Place with a happy tummy and the beginnings of a good review in your head.Sadly though, the food goes rapidly downhill from there. A grilled king prawn sandwich with paprika mayo sounds great, but it doesn't really tally with the prawn cocktail mix slapped between two slices of stale white bread that ends up on your plate. Chilli lentil soup? Not tricky, but what arrived had clearly been on the heat for so long that it had reduced to a kind of painfully salty dal.So why three stars? Well, it's a nice atmosphere, the music is usually good and the bar staff are friendly. So grab an interesting beer and soak up the cool surroundings by all means, but if your stomach starts to rumble, head over the road to the Cross & Corner.
3	On the last day of our holiday, The Man and I ventured into town.  We found ourselves in our old neighborhood and decided to check out the recently refurbished pubs of the area.  This corner used to be skeezy boozer central.  Since we moved, it is now poshpub central.  Coincidence?  Hmmmm. For a Monday night (though admittedly, Easter Monday), The Other Place was surprisingly busy. We got a seat at the bar and were greeted with an interesting selection of international beers.  Admittedly, I felt there was a bit too much stress on the "international" aspect (Red Stripe?  Really??) there as I felt the Scottish beer selection was poorly represented.  I tend to shy away from bottled beers in bars, but their bottled beer selection looked pretty hefty.The refurb was very well done (with bonus points for the framed stag's head by the toilets as a nod to the old boozer), with maybe a bit too much TRYING HARD in terms of the attempt in being kitchy cool. The completely random shelf with gardening instruments irrationally irritated me. The problem now is that there is a LOOK - when bars get a makeover, the exposed brick/kitchy/minimal/industrial/timber look is cool. And it totally is cool, until everywhere and its cousin adapts the same look and it goes from being cool to uninspired. I'm harping about the look unnecessarily, though, because really they've created a good space where there was a not so good space previously. They've laid the place out well, and have included some good comfortable corners. Now all I wonder is where did all of the young professionals come from who frequent here, and where did the old junkies go??
4	How lucky am I to have The Other Place as my local! ("What other place?" ho ho ho, as Jenny L. pointed out, this name lends itself to endless fun.)Friendly staff, nice cheery atmosphere, fun decor (top tip: look up at the pretty ceiling!) and plenty of cider options (a particularly deeee-lish cider from New Zealand, my antipodean cousins!).Although I haven't sampled much of the food, it all looks and smells lovely as it wafts out from the exposed kitchen and I did share a fancy looking cheeseboard which came loaded with a selection of fruits and cheeses... dare I say nearly TOO much cheese? Oh no, I suppose you can't ever have too much of that.The only reason it loses a star is because of all the dang reserved tables! I don't quite understand why so many busy places whack a big 'reserved' sign on a table only to leave it empty for a pint or so's worth of time, but perhaps there is just something I am missing. I also had a coffee here one Sunday morning and it wasn't particularly special, not really something I would be rushing back for.Asides from those little gripes I do really like The Other Place and wouldn't hesitate to recommend if you are in the area!
4	My friend and I sampled one of the many, many beers they have on offer. A Weiss wheat beer. Delicious. We also had fantastic belly pork ribs, a shrimp salad and their divine chilli fries. Our waitress was lovely & I was given an "I love ribs" bib to wear :)All in all, great food and ambience, especially if you can sit by the window on a sunny day.
3	I must admit we've taken so so long to visit here due to word of mouth not being great. When your time off together is rare you tend to stick to tested faves or great recommendations etc. We'd dismissed going here many times because the tyoe of food they do includes a lot of our faves and eating mediocre versions of these is not our idea of a spoily treat type thing. For some reasone we ended up here today on a Thursday lunch in a very quiet city....As we drove from the very south of the city to here with a wee detour, between 12.30pm and 1pm, we saw no more than a singular table occupied all over Edinburgh, including very, very good restaurants...On arrival at The Other Place it had 3 tables, and after  us took a good amount of other tables for lunch. But I'm not sure that this was something other than a phenomenom of sorts, since the offering is not SO amazing as to mark it out as BEST LUNCH EVER.Given our pre-discrimatory view of The Other Place, after 5 min in the building I really, really liked it! The staff (just one guy, but a good one! Ended up being 2 of them eventually...) just set a nice scene and the interior is a clean do-up that is not the boring Soft Industrial and therefore BRILLIANT. Give me rusty metal and actual comfy chairs any day....the menu promised many delights, in different plate sizes and prices, and is vast enough to give you an idea of a return visit being on the cards....We ordered sharey things, the SMALL ONES, to share, alongsode a big chilli (really hot, according to the menu) .The small macncheese and small nachos were both big. God knows how a Big is.  The macncheese was ok - the additional bacon helped. Didn't detect too much of a sauce, as such, but the macaroni was cooked well. Was disappointing immediately to find both the mac AND and the nachos covered in cheap, melted orange cheese. Orange cheese is terribly processed and tastless and also does not melt well. The melted orange cheese on top of the mac would have enhanced a sauceless dish so much had it been a good, proper white cheddar.The fries were nice, skin on, hand cut looking. Only issue was they seemed to be seasoned with the pepper you get in those sachets of pepper at ikea or service stations etc...not very peppery but lots of wee black bits!  We ordered a side of sweetcorn coz i LOVE sweetcorn but chose melted parmesan as the topping and this didn't work. It just went into clumps and rolled off the cobs. We should have ordered buuter or garlic butter, because the cobs themselves were absolutely perfectly cooked otherwise......The chilli main. Worst chilli for a while. We use it as a kind of a guage, chilli.....Here it tasted like a tin of tomatoes cooked out with chopped red pepper, red onion, and nothing else. It was not even vaguely spicy, not even remotely hot (as advertised) and very boring. The actual beef briskitt was ok, but the [promise of depth of flavour and spciy heat warnings were totally unnecessary. We took jalapeno slices from the nachos to make the chilli taste like chilli. Such a let down.However, i think we'd still venture back, even if just one more time, to try some other offerings and have a drink at the bar....the staff attitude and ambience were good. That's been rare recently. Thanks
5	Went back here beginning December as a place to meet up with far-wide pals as we had enjoyed good service last time. We waited awhile for a table to sit at because of christmas lunch bookings that would not leave! But the staff kept us notified and took our orders and were able to seat us before the food came, which was brilliant. The fried chicken, Caesar salad and everything else got big thumbs up and we constantly monitored for drink refills and did not at all feel like the staff were tired of christmas. Cant believe they pump a;; that food out of that wee tiny kitchen!All things considered with how incredibly disappointing new places have proven recently, we are glad to have found somewhere nearby that seems honest, not trying too hard to be something hipster-cool-and-failing, and just simply providing really good food at great prices with, most importantly, easy, comfortable and GOOD solid customer service. Thank goodness for The Other Place.
