4	AHHHHH Ice cream and homemade chocolates available under one roof. What could be better? UMM ,Lemme think? oh yeah, some gelato! They don't have that. Anyway four of us went to indulge in some ice cream. I got a toasted coconut flavor  with chocolate topping ,which was really yummy .Some of the best ice cream I've tasted.full of flavor and real creamy loaded with pieces of toasted coconut.Others had a coffee mocha flavor Great! Lemon sorbetto Good! (but not gelato) And a cake batter flavor Yum.A bit pricey but a generous portion for a *small* cup $3.50 plus $0.35 for topping.With the way Ballantyne Village is going I say go and enjoy it while you can ! Take some delicious homemade chocolates home with you like I would have had I been  headed straight home in this heat.They would not have lasted ten seconds in the car with this weather!Who am I kidding ,CHOCOLATES would not last ten seconds in the car with me no matter what the weather is !I would love some gelato like I use to get in Brooklyn N.Y.Then you will stop hearing me whine.BTW service was very friendly here, all young kids minus the snotty "I'm doing you a favor " attitude.
5	I have never seen a friendlier candy store, and I've been to a lot.  But then again how can you be upset if you work in a candy store.  The people were incredibly nice and courteous, and offered me samples of things (like the fudge and ice cream) every time I turned around.  I ended up spending a little more than I intended just because I liked them, but hey it's good stuff.They make all the caramel on site as well as their fudge dipped items.  But I have to say that the ice cream was out of this world.  You can tell that this is high quality stuff.  It doesn't have that artificial taste that you get sometimes, it's not overly sweet either.  I know this is going to sound weird being that I'm talking about ice cream, but it didn't taste overly cold.  You know how sometimes it gets so cold that it numbs your tongue and you can't taste the flavor anymore, this stuff doesn't do that.  I saw one of the girls behind the counter mixing the ice cream in the display freezer, maybe that's how they do it, I don't know.
5	Every time I think of Kilwins, I think of their amazing chocolates!  I am a big fan of See's Candies and Lindts, but Kilwins is trailing close by.  We dropped in for dessert after my brother graduated high school this summer.  I bought an assortment of chocolates, that they boxed in a cute little tote-like carrier thing.  Ill have to let you know that I 'splurged' on these chocolates......and thats just a nice way of saying that I spent a lot of money on maybe a dozen truffles.  Everyone else got ice cream (I sampled everyone's and they were all delicioso) Very friendly people and it just makes everything taste so much better.  Even if you end up spending more than you thought, it makes it all worth it.
3	It's that time of year, when little kids come knocking on your door dressed up as monsters and ask you for candy with the threat of a trick as reason why you should give up the goods.  Except no one really seems to do that these days since it takes so much work.  Much better to play virtual trick or treat on the latest console game.Still,  if you want to impress your neighbors with the best treats in town, do something different and head down to Kilwin's.  No shrink-wrapped funkiness here.  You can watch as they painstakingly mold chocolate and then try and tap-tap-tap it out gently so that it doesn't break.  And just as that last piece doesn't quite come free, they're left with a headless unicorn.  Ah well, at least chocolate can be melted down again, right?  (Most do come out, but you know you're cheering for the mold here.)The only problem is that whacko story about people who put razors into candy, so no parent in their right mind is going to let the kids eat this stuff.  Nope, the kids who bring home Kilwin's aren't going to see a bit - this treat is going straight to adult candyland.  It's Frosty coupons and stale gummy burgers for you, rugrats.
4	Cappuccino or cake batter ice cream in a waffle bowl is the way to go! I've been there many times and have never been disappointed. Except for one time they gave me coconut instead of praline and I didn't realize until I was already eating it. The coconut wasn't bad though so I guess I'm not complaining. Bottom line is: I love their ice cream!I just wish they had baked goods.
4	Kilwins is a great place to stop in for a special treat for yourself or for a loved one.  They have an awesome selection of treats - I love the chocolates and caramels.  The counter reminds me of the old fashioned candy counters that my grandmother used to take me to (she especially loved the nonpareils).  I like the fact that you can build a box of candies piece by piece, selecting only your favorites.  I have not yet tried their ice cream, but I definitely will give it a try next time!
4	How clueless am I to have not known there was a Kilwin's in Charlotte?  I'm almost never on this side of town but was off so I decided to try Blue Taj and noticed this sweet shop on my drive in.  It has pretty much the same goodies as the one in Charleston....ice cream, homemade waffle cones, chocolate and more chocolate!
4	They're a family run business. . .and it shows.  The owner is friendly and clearly dedicated to superior product. I dig their fudge, carmel corn and glass-counter items.  Ice Cream aok too.
4	Nice place with nice people.   I tried the ice cream and i thought it was it was pretty good.
4	The ice cream (I had Cinnamon Cake something or another) was fantastic.  Their dipping cabinet is at the ideal temperature and the ice cream texture is dreamy.  And yes, the flavor amazing.  I would give it 7 stars if I could.  Why four stars instead of five then, you ask?  In the middle of taking care of us the very cute server who was hitting on my Goddaughter something fierce took a called on his cell and proceeded to have a three minute conversation.  Had it been one of my employees at my cafe he would've been fired on the spot.  Yes, he actually explained what the called was about as an apology but, really?  Could you not wait until we had our ice cream and just called whomever back?  I don't care how adorable you are young man, I want my ice cream and I want it now!But yes, if I was close to this place I would most likely weigh 500 lbs.
4	All this time gallivanting around Ballantyne Village and I finally made it in for a scoop of ice cream! My wife and I enjoyed an indie film matinee (it's hard not to call it a manatee) for a mid-afternoon snack. When you cross the threshold, you're bombarded with sweet smells of fudge-y, caramel-y, creamy glory. Two staff members behind the glass work station with large, copper kettles stirring marvelous mixtures of sugar-laden snacks and treats. It's like a children's book came to life in south Charlotte.... If fresh fudge is being made, they'll hand out samples!  The ice cream selection is vast. Plenty of chocolates, fruits, nuts, and other mixtures to choose from. Something for everyone, of course. The waffle cones are made fresh in house and are definitely better than the pre-packaged cake cones. We had fresh peach ice cream and a cone of the turtle ice cheesecake ice cream. Both were a delectable treat for a hot afternoon!Prices are moderate. Cost about $9 for one cup and one cone. Service was very friendly and fast! If I'm in the area, this is a great place to grab a cone or a cup and go for a walk around the Village!
1	Kilwins closed its doors
