5	Copenhagen rocks. I had the pleasure of stopping by the store about a dozen or so times over the past few weeks to redo my entryway and living room, top to bottom, and could not be more pleased. Of course I spent way too much money, but the selection and quality of furniture they have is quite impressive. I actually prefer this store to the North Scottsdale one, as I found the service and prices to be better.
5	I was looking for a new bed frame for my new residence.  I previously purchased an Amisco bed which I've had for 8 years now, and they still sell the Newton model there today.  I was wanting something a bit different that they didn't have in stock.  I priced it at the Denmarket and then checked online.  I had spoken with the manager Mary at the time of my pricing.  I looked online and found it cheaper through an online competitor.  Due to the economy I figured I would give Copenhagen the opportunity to compete.  I mentioned the price the competitor was giving and the free shipping and Mary had given me 10% off with free shipping to match the competitor.  She told me it would take about 4-6 weeks for my special order that I wanted and it was just a couple days over.  The furniture delivery occurred today, and Josh was very friendly and attentive.  The bed turned out perfectly.  There was only one small glitch and that was they delivery staff forgot to leave the assembly directions for the bed as it is a platform bed and a bit different to put together.  I called the warehouse and they told me they could send me the assembly directions on the mail.  Copenhagen, you're a hit!  If I ever need another Amisco brand bed, you're first on my list.
5	I love this place!  I brought my first couches from them for our new house.  After 5 years the main couch, finally gave out.  Everyday use of us and the dogs.  We still have 1 two seat sofa that became the dogs' sofa now.  I am now back for maybe a dinner set, a new couch, or anything else I see... LOL!  Yes, they are pricey but the pieces are quality stuff.FYI, they custom ordered our couches from Italy (we picked the heavier material and the color)...
5	Copenhagen was a great find. Even though we have seen it about 100 times driving up and down Camelback. Best selection of sofas we have seen to date. Great selection of contemporary classics and Natuzzi.They also have a more affordable section called Denmark. We finally found our sofa and chair! Great price and the service was the perfect combination of helpful and respectful of our space. We will shop here first for all of our home furnishings!
5	On an incredible furniture hunt these last few weeks for a couch we searched high and low, east valley to west valley, central Phoenix to north Scottsdale and even online then finally we found a wonderful collection of comfy great made furniture.  We had specifics and yes our taste comes into play which is why I was hesitant about going to Copenhagen. I really had in mind that Copenhagen was going to be overly priced and way too modern for my taste.  I was wrong.  It definitely is modern but they offer pieces that have a great balance with modern and semi traditional.  Their leather choices are fantastic from color to grade.  On top of that, the service was phenomenal.  The sales people were not pushy at all and when we were ready to work with someone she was extremely knowledgeable and patient with all our questions and concerns.  I would most certainly recommend this place for their selection, service and quality.  One warning:  some pieces can take up to 4 months to get!  UGH!  So if you're thinking of buying something in the near future, start to look sooner than later.
1	If you're not Caucasian don't anticipate getting service, but do anticipate getting dirty looks by the employees, and other Caucasian shoppers.  Someone should tell the associates', and the overall company that people of color's money is just as good as Caucasian's. Perhaps this store would benefit from "Sensitivity & Diversity" traning.  It is so rude to not welcome EVERYONE to your store, and to not treat all those who enter your store with the same level of respect, and willingness to assist as the last regardless of their skin color. I'll spend my hard earned money else where thank you.
3	The Camelback Copenhagen store is the only one I can recommend. The ones in Tempe and Scottsdale were extremely disappointing. The sales people at those stores ignored me the entire time and were too busy chatting among themselves. At least in the Camelback store the sales people offered assistance and were willing to explain some of the design features of the furniture. I will definitely shop again at the Camelback store.
4	I think half our furniture in our house is from Copenhagen. Great style innovative designs and very contemporary. Always adds as a center piece on each room. The one set back is the quality of materials have seem to have declined over the years. Majority use to be solid wood, now it is mostly laminate partical board. There are some items that are built very solid, just make sure you inspect the entire item.
4	I loved all the furniture here.  I didn't feel pressured at any point and everyone was very polite.  While I didn't buy anything today there is a strong chance I'll be going back here often in the future.
5	If I could furnish my whole house in Copenhagen, I would!My husband and I frequent this location often, and are slowly but surely starting to fill our home with Copenhagen furniture. The store is clean and well laid out, and the staff is always very friendly, helpful, and nice (unlike Scottsdale)!  The products are extremely high quality, and every so often they have some amazing discounts.If you like modern European style furniture, this one of the few places in AZ that you can get it.
5	I love this store. It's always a fun treat when I find myself with the time to stop in. The sales staff are super friendly and not at all pushy. They have a wide selection of quality, modern decor. I would love to decorate my whole home with Copenhagen pieces...if only I could afford to. Maybe someday!
5	Spent more with them over the years than I care to remember. Always good selection and service. Something for almost any budget, provided you're willing to walk next door to the lower-range Denmarket subsidiary. It's the first place I think of shopping for furniture because whenever I've tried someplace else, something has happened. Get on their mailing list for their annual (or semi-annual) warehouse sale. I've found some good stuff there with slight wear or needing just minor reconditioning.
5	I have been purchasing furniture here and in Denmarket since I was a teenager.  I have always been supremely satisfied with my peices and I have never had buyers remorse. The furniture I buy here always lasts years longer than furniture purchased elsewhere like Ashley or other chain stores.  I've purchased everything from small accesories like lamps and ottomans to larger peices like sofas and beds.  My mother and family all shop here as well, and as African Americans we have never felt uncomfortable or looked down upon as another poster experienced.   Maybe we have just been lucky, idk.  My only gripe is that they closed Denmarket and incorporated it into the larger store.   This makes it more difficult when you want to save some cash and focus on high-quality, lower-cost versions of the legit higher end Copenhagen peices.  There is nothing worse than falling in love with a sofa and seeing that is is $3,500 rather than the $800 you want to spend!!!  Regardless, the wide range if prices and styles coupled with the courteous, knowledgeable staff makes this my go-to furniture store.
2	My wife and I are serial home renovators and share a passion for design and architecture.  She is an artist and teacher and I am an entrepreneur.  We are in our early 30s; she looks 21 or so, and I have a pretty substantial beard,  We were in Copenhagen today for the umpteenth time looking for a couple very specific pieces.  It was at least 15 minutes until were greeted and weren't offered help when someone actually muttered something in our direction.  Usually I  prefer to shop on my own, but was particularly annoyed today for whatever reason.  Our solace lies in the $6k we spent at Restoration Hardware today; they were rockstars!Don't judge a book by its cover, Copenhagen employees!
