4	So, I guess I'll be the first to review since I don't even see this place listed yet.  It was good, not amazing, but definitely not bad.Me and 2 friends walk in and have an interesting interaction with our waitress.  I realize quickly that they havn't had to many customers yet, well at least not English speaking ones.  There was a language barrier, but we got over that.  We sat ourselves, because it seemed like the easiest thing to do.  I don't know much about the history of the location, but it seemed like it might have once been a fast food place, just lightly revamped with tv's on the wall.Next we promptly asked about beer specials.  She said there are a few dollar beers.  We order around of miller lite's and a round of bud lite's comes out.  Didn't complain, just let it go.  I asked what the "gringo salsa" was and she said salsa with beans in it.  I wasn't really sure what to think of all that so I just ordered some choriqueso dip.  Chorizo and queso, its gotta be good.  Around then our complimentary chips and salsa came to the table.  The salsa had a decent flavor, but was quite watery.  The chips were fresh and good.They have a rather large menu of mostly traditional Mexican dishes.  It took us a while to find what we wanted.  I ordered the carne asada quesadilla, one buddy ordered the chicken fajita's, and another ordered some sopa's upon my recommendation.  Then our choriqueso came out.  A little greasy(as expected) but ohhhh so yummy.  It held us over till the entree's came.My quesadilla wasn't anything special.  Slack on the meat, but plenty of accoutrements.  Lots of lettuce, tomato, avacado, and sour cream.  With all that and a dash of the red and green traditional sauces it hit the spot.  My buddies sopa's didn't turn out quite like I had hoped, but my other buddies fajita's were immense.  Just a HUGE pile of sizzling onions, peppers, chicken, steak, and shrimp.  Wait, what?  Steak and shrimp weren't what he ordered, but yet again, there was kind of a language barrier, so we let it go.  We did ask for a little more sour cream though(which turned out to be $1.50 on the bill).We ate, laughed, and just watched the traffic drive by for a little while.  It might sound like I had some complaints about service, but she was cute and it was tolerable.  The food was reasonably priced, and having the red and green sauces at the table definitely reminded me of a real Mexican restaurant.  Maybe it was just the sauces and good people, but I really did enjoy my meal and will be back.  In my mind, this place and 3 amigos(a block away) are the closest thing to Mexican food I can find in Charlotte.  Good job guys.
4	Don't let the exterior (nor interior) turn you away.  The food is definitely worth going in!AMBIENCE:  Seems like the place was a fast food restaurant turned to a sit-down.  Not a place to impress a date.  A few TVs with the Hispanic channel on.  We were the only English speaking patrons.  Obviously a favorite of the locals.SERVICE:  Friendly and attentive - but limited English.  Be very clear in what you want to order.DRINKS:  The cans of domestic beers were only $1.  Corona beer was $3.  I asked about their liquor selection and the waitress said none - perhaps she didn't understand me?  The coupon showed a picture of a margarita ....?FOOD:Excellent authentic Mexican food for a very reasonable price.  Large portions. Good flavor.  Cooked well.  Good selection.SUMMARY:Highly recommend this place for the food quality and portions, as well as, for the low price.
4	Crazy taco is awesome. The service has been very good, especially considering the language barrier. With a few gestures to clear up any misunderstanding, we were both good to go. Every time I've been there my drink has stay full and my table was kept clear. The salsa they served up front was perfectly spicy, if a little thin. I love the burrito California style--that means they serve it with a salad of lettuce, tomato, guacamole and sour cream on the side. The ingredients seem fresh, perfectly seasoned, and well cooked. It's not a fancy place, it looks like barely a step above fast food, but between the great prices and fantastic food, I barely notice the super casual setup. Also, the Spanish-language television they show on a couple of big screen TVs is pretty cool.
4	My husband and I recently moved from Texas to Charlotte and have been in search of good Mexican restaurants. We live a couple of blocks away from crazy taco and pass by it every day, but haven't had the urge to actually go until today. We are always drawn to the bright colors and the drawing of the taco chasing the pepper on their signs...very fun. The design is nicely done for the style of the restaurant. Inside is very friendly and cozy as well.We are vegetarian, so we knew it would be very little to choose from on the menu. They have an appetizer called gringo queso - which is just queso with beans in it - it was delicious! And the house salsa is very flavorful and good, but the consistency was a little too watery for our liking. I also think they could give more chips. Gimme dem cheeps!We both ordered the vegetarian burrito. The wait for our food was not long, probably about 7-8 minutes. The plating was nice with tasty garnishes of cucumber and tomato slices. The veggie burrito is packed full of goodness - orange and green bell peppers, mushroom, onions, tomato, rice, and beans...probably more than that too. And it was a BIG burrito. Very yummy.They serve the burritos with authentic red and green sauces as well - they were both very tasty and flavorful. The red was very bold. I preferred the green, it was really good with the veggies.We just had water to drink - it was good water, served with a slice of lime, which I love!The service was friendly and quick. We will most definitely visit again.On a side note, it reminded us a whole lot of a restaurant in Grapevine, Texas that we used to frequent called "Burritos Locos." Very similar name, food, and atmosphere.
4	Delicious & affordable. The shrimp burrito is my favorite.
1	Terrible lunch experience.  A little over-priced for lunch (no specials), and, worse, no chips & salsa for more than 30 minutes (chips were ok, salsa looked and tasted like it had been thinned out by water).  Not very busy, but food took over 30 minutes; when we asked, the waitress mentioned a new chef.  Ordered 2 quesadillas: one had sour cream on the plate, but the other didn't - neither had the guacamole that was mentioned on the menu.  Finally, found a produce sticker in the middle of one of the quesadillas!!  Will not be returning and I would not recommend it to others unless the food and service improve significantly.
3	Went here yesterday for lunch, and a had pretty decent experience at Crazy Taco.  You should know this not the wow a date place, its much more of a solo Saturday lunch spot.As previous reviews have stated, I was drawn in by the festive mural on the outside of the building.  Parking was a breeze, and upon entering, I was immediately greeted by a young lady who asked if I was dining in or placing a to-go order.  As the interior didn't feel to homey, I decided "to-go" it was going to be.After perusing the menu for a minute, I ordered the California Carne Asada steak burrito.  My order was brought to in me in a styrofoam box, with hot (red) salsa.  Altogether, my order came to $9 and change.  Upon getting my meal home, I was delightfully surprised at the bounty of cheese they dispensed over the top of the burrito.  Don't mistake this for a chipolte-esq burrito that you eat with your hands.  No sir, this was something you might order at On-the-Border and eat with a fork and knife and cut into slices.  The overall presentation of the burrito was great, it was filled with fresh looking/tasting bell peppers, onions and steak.  It was accompanied by sour cream and and a bed of lettuce.  For me however, the steak was a little tough and the burrito was a little bland.  I felt like it could have used an additional seasoning, or another side item other than lettuce to make it "pop".   Despite the fact that Crazy Taco didn't "WOW" me, I would definitely give it another shot.  I missed not having that chips and salsa which usually accompany any Mexican meal, therefore I'd also like to dine in as well.  I'll be back, but not after I try some of the other Mexican fare in the area.
3	When I craving a good taco and don't want to spend an arm and a leg I check out this place. The Chips are not always the best but the salsas they bring out to the taco are fantastic especially the green avocado salsa but you have to ask for it. I ordered a vegetarian tostada it had re-fried beans, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, cilantro, and fresh avocado! It was absolutely delicious. The only downside is sometimes the menu changes and the hours varies depending on how busy they are.
5	We found this place looking for a bqq place originally so I said keys may stop here.  No one was there so I thought about turning around.  We sat and my husband loves the mango juice.  Food came quite fast.  I put the queso cheese on everything.  Well probably be there this weekend it was really good
1	Watery salsa. Guacamole seems to be mostly sour cream or some other thin sauce. They were going to get three stars for that, but then the waitress/cashier was a total yatch. She was about to total my ticket when I told her I had a gift certificate. Suddenly my 8.25 total was 11.50. She told me my tea was 2.50. Menu price: 1.50. She said the guacamole was 3.55 - it was actually 3.25. On general principle I had to argue. Finally she added 1.50 for her tip, which was probably a good idea after that debacle (although I would definitely have tipped much more if things had not gone south like they did).
