4	Update:  They don't have a clue what gluten free is.Great Value!  I highly recommend!This was formerly a Taco Del Mar which I stopped going to because of the price.  I had lunch there today before going into Sprouts.  Today is a Saturday.  During the week they sell very reasonably priced lunch specials which I have never had, but if they are anything like the $3.00 chicken tostada that I got, they are an excellent deal and very tasty too!Environment: The huge menu is lively with colors and easy to read.  Over all, a comfortable place to have a quick meal.  For "groups" I answered no because it is a small place and the largest table I think sits about 4.  The only think that didn't work for me was the Hispanic music played in the background, but that is to be expected.  Staff: Friendly and helpful.  When he asked me if I wanted beans on my tostada, I said just a little and that's exactly what he did.  I even got extra cilantro and a few wedges of lime on the side.Food:  Very good.  The plate is full and appealing to the eye.  They use romain lettuce as well as iceberg which I was impressed with.  Seasoning and temperature of the food was good.  They use good quality plastic plates which I was impressed with.  However, the to-go container is a one size fits all.  They might want to get some small ones as well.Price: Excellent.  On the way out the door, I noticed a large poster laid out on the table advertising a new $5.00 meal deal.  So, looks like the good deals on this tasty food is soon to get even better!
5	We used to come here when it was Taco Del Mar, but the service had gone down and the prices WAY up... When we saw the new store front we were skeptical, but oh my goodness I'm SO glad we did!!  The guys who bought the place are always so sweet and the food quality is awesome.   The portions are HUGE and the extras like sour cream and guacamole are INCLUDED IN THE PRICE!  That's like unheard of anywhere!!   They're always running great specials and I've never been disappointed since they took over.   We go at least a few times a month now (if not more :P)  I love being able to tell them exactly what I want in my burrito as they put it on in front of me -- then I know I'm getting exactly what I want (and I'm a picky gal).   Great food, great prices, great customer service... I'm sold!  I love this place!!
1	This restaurant is horrid.  We went when they were within the first couple of weeks of opening.  They had lunch specials that included a drink, and there were flyers all over advertising it, but when I ordered it they said the drink was no longer included.  What?  The chips are the cheapo corn chips you get for $1 a bag at the grocery store.  The only thing that was good was the salsa bar; otherwise they are not worth going to.  The people behind the counter have no idea what is going on.
2	I usually like to start off my reviews with the positive, so here it goes. Value is definitely the highlight of this place as there's some really good deals on select days. I think it's 2.99 burritos on Mondays, free churros on Tuesdays, and kids eat free on Sundays? I'm sure there are other daily specials, but I can't remember all of them. They also have a good salsa bar with pico, onions, cilantro, peppers, and a few different types of salsa (depending on the hotness level). Food was like okay. i wouldn't salivate or dream about it or anything. Now to the part that kind of made me cringe:sanitation.  I went to bathroom and they ran out of soap! Actually, they didn't even have a soap cartridge inside the dispenser. Also, the hygiene of ppl serving food was a little bit questionable. Example: the dude put on gloves (good), but then with the same gloves he touched the food, bills, and the cash register without changing them once. Now that is just disgusting. Let me say this before people think I'm being too harsh. I've had street food in Mexico, Vietnam, Korea, Phillippines, and Indonesia. If you ever had street food in those countries, then you know damn well you may be risking some unfavorable bowel movements later. I'm not being picky, but I just don't want to get food poisoning and throw up for a good 2 days straight. That is all.
5	I found this place completely by accident and it was great!  I have been going pretty much once a week since discovering taco caliente. I love that you can choose from about 4-5 different meats and everything is completely fresh. .... Nothing is fried!  The service is good and the owner always stops to chit chat with me.  The salsa bar is pretty good and the hot is actually hot!  Love it!  Can't wait to go this week!  The only thing is that I wish they were open later but I know they just opened recently.  Hopefully, they'll extend their hours soon. :)
2	I was invited by the owner to come since I gave a negative review when they were under different management and the name Taco Caliente.  Plus, I had a 50% off any entree coupon, so I gave them a try.  Well, they are better than Taco Caliente was, but not by much.  I ordered corn tacos with chicken, carne asada, and shredded beef.  The shredded beef was actually quite good.  The chicken was the worst--it was dry and crusty in parts.  The carne asada was so-so.  Not much flavor.  It is nice that they come with guacamole and sour cream for no extra charge.  The salsa bar was not there.  Another customer came in and asked when it would be back and the owner/worker said something about not being sure.  I am guessing it is not homemade salsas.  Unfortunately, I won't be going back.
4	This place has a great value and yummy flavors. I got a mini taco combo with chile verde pork, shredded chicken, and shredded beef.Pork: tasty, good flavor Chicken: bland, mehBeef: SO GOOD! Seriously, this took me back to my childhood with the same taste of a place a grew up with.SalsasRed hot: taste like too much paprika or something, I didn't like itHot green: yum! Nice flavors.I'll be back for sure!
3	Baby girl was feeling tacos so I checked my trusty Yelp app & found Taco4U close by with decent reviews. Easy to find and the location is clean. The lady who helped us was very pleasant & personable. She recommended the green chili pork so I gave it a try. I actually got it in the burrito-enchilada style so I can try their red sauce too. Baby girl got the 2 hard taco place with beans & beans. Our experience here was pleasant but the food is kinda blah, it was good but nothing to break the heavenly trumpets out for. I wasn't too impressed with the hard tacos even though they looked appealing. The red sauce though was pretty authentic so if your looking for "authentic red sauce" this place has a pretty good grasp on it. When we roll all Mexican we like to flavor the culture so a horchata & a Jamaica did the job for wetting our whistles. Unfortunately, they aren't freaking awesome so again-no trumpets gloriously playing to their awesomeness. Last but not least the bill. Kept it under $20 for 2 meals & 2 drinks which is always good. Checked in w my phone app so I had a 25% off $10 or more bill to use. Not exactly sure but the way the bill reads I got 25% off 1 item. Hmmmmm.......this is me scratching my head. Still in search for the most amazing, horn tutting, authentic Mexican fiesta I can find. This close to the border & I can't find good grub, WT........
4	I want here for lunch yesterday. It was really affordable, delicious, & walking distance from my house. I will be returning there soon.
3	Good value overall, their specials are phenomenal with free churros, 2.99 plates and kids eat free days. The bad thing is the service, it's not exactly the warmest or friendliest. My daughter and I got the 3.99 specials one was 3 mini tacos, the other was a burrito both with drinks. Not bad at all for the price.
2	First things first....I'm a taco snob.  I've traveled all of the border towns from Tijuana to Juarez and have eaten a ton of legit tacos in each town.I bought the 6 taco Groupon and gave this one a go.The Good:  Lots of food for the money.  I had 6 tacos of varying types of meat and ended the afternoon legally stuffed.  Definitely a bit bigger than the standard street taco and the tortillas were double-wrapped.The Bad:  My meal consisted of carne asada, chicken, regular carnitas, and Green Chile (pork).  Corn tortillas with pico, onion, cilantro, and mild green/red salsas.  All but the last one were flavorless.  Like boiled meats.  Like crockpot meat with no seasoning and too much water.  In fact, if you blindfolded me and told me to take a bite of each, it would have been difficult to discern which was which.  I was sorely disappointed.  The only half-decent savior was the Green Chile (pork) which was more spicy than flavorful.  Still, it was something after the five strikes before.I'd love to recommend some EXCELLENT spots in Phoenix to the people who rate this 4-5 stars, but I realize that's not the point of this post. (You folks have no idea what you're missing, though!)My recommendation to this restaurant:  Fix your meats.
1	Cheddar cheese is NOT Mexican!
5	Excellent! I had a groupon so I thought we would give it a try.So glad we did. Love the chipoltle chicken tacos! This is a great option for healthy Mexican food made fresh to order. I am only sad I dudnt try it sooner! Excellent customer service too. I have found a New favorite!
1	This place used to be a Taco Del Mar and it was awesome. Anyway I was really craving taco del mar and thought is give this place a try.I got cheese enchiladas. The lady made them and rolled them up and then put them in the microwave.......I almost left right then. Really the microwave? What am I paying you for I can make crappy enchiladas at home. And as I expected they were pretty bad.Everything here is just super bland. The rice, the red sauce, the beans etc. Its usually easy to tell a place is going to be bad when the only change half the sign from the old restaurant. Taco del Mar....into.....Taco4U.  There are plenty of good Mexican food places around this just isn't one of them.
5	We came here because we got a good groupon for us and the kids. After readings the yelp reviews I was a little apprehensive because they weren't great but they are wrong!! We had a great time and the service was outstanding! It was only two ladies working so it was a little slow when they got busy but the food is so worth the wait! The chipotle chicken, carne asada, regular chicken, and guacamole are awesome! And the kids think the quesadilla was rad! I definitely recommend tacos4u!! :)
4	Really like this place and became one of my favorite's after my first time, I really like that they don't charge for gauc and sour cream. Like the family business service.
3	This place is right by my house, so I've come here twice. I've gotten the nachos and the junior burrito. Nachos are good and the burrito was good. I just didn't think there enough options for the burrito or the nachos.
3	The quality of food seems to have gone down a bit... but I still recommend it.  The main reason I'm lowering the star rating is because they don't have a clue what gluten free is.  However, Sprouts and Cafe 8 are right there.
