3	I guess that the Cabo Mexican Bar and Restaurants are a staple found in the Station Casinos around Las Vegas.I want to put in a good word for their bar at the Palace Station.They have an excellent happy hour.Oh yes .... the usual 4 -6 PM happy hour.But what sets them apart is the quality of the Margarita's you get for $4.00.They call them Perfecto Margarita's....and that is just what  I found them to be.Beautiful glasses holding a generous amount of quality tequila.They prepared Blackberry for me and they were just supurb.On another occasion, we went to the bar later in the evening (11ish or so) and we sat at the bar and while waiting for our drinks we played the video poker. The drinks arrived and the bartender comped the drinks because we were playing the machines.A super nice touch .....I can't speak for all the other Station Casino properties, but if they can match the quality of the Palace Station, then their bars are definitely worth your time.A totally enjoyable time .....  ( if their bars are not that good, then head over to the Palace Station - It is definitly worth your time )
2	This is always the stand-by when my friend and I are broke and hungry.  It's right across the street from his apt. and he always has coupons from restaurant.com, so we can gorge down some food and pay close to nothing.  I'm not saying the food is bad, it's pretty good.  I like the shrimp and chicken fajitas, and I love the margaritas specials.  Cabo's o.k. for some cheap eats, but it's nothing to write about...oops I just did!
2	This used to be the Guadalarjara Grill/Cafe/Cantina and then it was the buffet while it got remodeled now its a Cabo's-but the food just isnt up to par with the Red Rock location and it doesnt have the old salsa bar or fresh-made at the table guacamole.Red Rock location is 10X better food & service.
2	This restaurant has very good service, and is an extension of the Cabo's franchise when Station Casinos bought Santa Fe Casino and turned it into Santa Fe Station. It is, indeed, located in Palace Station on Sahara and Rancho.I rate this restaurant 2-stars because:*) Medium Rare steak was delivered Medium.*) Fried Ice Cream came straight out of the freezer...not fried at all. I used to work in a 3rd Generation Mexican restaurant as a line cook...fried ice cream is supposed to be...uh...fried. Yes, fried. You know? In a deep fat fryer?The reason this restaurant earns 2 stars is because of the wonderful service I've predictably gotten every time I've eaten there (about once a month for several months running) and the tortilla chips served with three kinds of salsa and bean dip.I would really like to rate-up this restaurant but I'm afraid I can't. Maybe in an update, but listen: Medium Rare is a very common, well-taught serving of ribeye and if you can't serve it correctly...pfft.Open for dinner only, too. Whats up with that?
2	Service OK. Chip and salsa, good. Food, small portion and not very good. Price, $25 for two people for two entrees and two iced tea.
4	We had just checked into the Palace Station and it was kind of late so we didn't really want to go back out for dinner.  We looked at what was offered in the Casino.  Cabo had a special of a create your own combo meal for $8.99.  It looked pretty good, so we thought we would give it a try.First thing they bring you out complimentary Warm Chips and then some warm refried bean dip and 3 freshly made salsas.  A spicey roasted tomatoe, regular tomatoe and a green tomatillo.  The refried bean dip was warm and tasty and the other 3 seemed to be made very fresh.  My favorite was the Roasted, which had about MEDIUM HEAT.I asked how the Chili Relleno was and the waitress said that they are made fresh with a roasted chili that is then stuffed with cheese, rolled in flour and then fried.  I also ordered a steak carbaron(sp?) taco which was like a street style taco on a small corn tortilla with fresh onion and cilantro.  The combo also came with Rice and Beans.My wife had the Chili relleno and a pork tomale.Lets just say, that based on the Chips and Salsa were very good and the rest of the food was even better.  Any who ventures to try a Chili relleno knows that they can be met with mixed results.  I had one one time that I swear was a Egg Omlet with Diced Green Chili's.  The one here was VERY, VERY good and had great taste.  Everything had great taste, even the black beans and the rice.My expectations were not very high and had I looked at these YELP reviews prior to going, I'm sure I would have NOT GONE, but we were Oh so glad we did.If you are in the neighborhood or staying at the Palace station, I would highly recomend Cabo!  It was Muy Bien!!!!
2	SPECIAL 3 item combos $8.99 + $3 Margaritas!! plus Chips & salsa plus bean dip for FREE-At all @stationcasinosWe visited Palace Station around 10pm Friday Evening and there was no wait to be seated during the #UNLVmbb game. Service was fast & friendly bringing drinks & chips/salsa out almost immediately. I ordered my regular the carne asada fajitas and the wife got a 3 item combo of beef enchilada,beef taco and something mexican.As you can see from whats pictured NOT what you think when you think fajitas, right? I'm thinking slightly sauteed peppers & onions , medium rare finely sliced carne asada with tortillas, pico and sour cream,guac on the side maybe even some cilantro and HOT sauce.Really cheap and cheesy. meat was tough and NOT marinated like you'd expect. Didn't even touch the rice & beans just didn't pass the look test. sidenote:  The sides pico/sour cream/guac were in the same small bowl and watered together-not very cool either.How this place has failed to find someone to cook good mexican food in Las #Vegas boggles the mind.
3	Four of us went here for dinner tonight with a $25 restaurant.com certificate.  Two people had fajitas (one chicken, one beef), my wife had Pollo Ranchero, and I had steak Tacos al Carbon.  We also had an order of table side made guacamole.Everything was very good and we all enjoyed our respective meals very much.  The guacamole was outstanding.  Service was very good.  The staff was quick to refill drinks, and we were quite pleased with our decision to eat here prior to seeing Louie Anderson in the Bonkerz Comedy Club.
4	This Mexican restaurant in a locals casino with elegant ambiance  featuring a circular bar front and center, has surprisingly good food at decent prices (around $9.99- $11.99 per entree). It doesn't feel like your typical Mexican restaurant inside- it feels very contemporary. The staff doesn't wear traditional costumes, either.  This was part one (lunch) of my double-header in-law birthday celebration a couple weekends ago on a saturday afternoon (my husband's parents have birthdays on consecutive days). My MIL had a restaurant.com certificate so we wanted to try this place too. The last few birthdays were spent at a Mexican restaurant too BTW. Anyway, service was on the slow side. It wasn't even crowded; there were a few other parties besides us, but it was far from being busy. The salsa and chips were really good. I like the spicy one and mixed some bean dip in one bowl with it, when the server brought us more. My husband got the chicken fajita burrito (came with rice and beans), I got the sampler (I couldn't really make up my mind so I chose something with lots of choices- beef nachos, cheese dip, cheese quesadillas, 4 taquitos, and 4 chicken wings), my MIL's husband got the taco combo plate (also came with rice and beans), and my MIL got the beef fajitas. My husband's burrito was so big that he only ate half! It kinda looked like a football. My nachos were good, but because I had chips and salsa, I did not finish it. The taquitos were really good, but then again, I love cilantro (hubby's not a fan). The cheese dip was in a good sized bowl- my husband liked it alot, and I gave half to my MIL to take home. The quesadillas were good, but it's hard to mess up something kinda basic. The chicken wings I didn't touch but offered it up to my husband and MIL, who then said it didn't have too much flavor and was heavily battered (I try not to eat chicken wings these days.) My MIL's beef fajitas were really good- the beef was so buttery soft, that I might order that the next time we go here (this is saying something since I'm not huge on red meat, I'll eat it if it's there, but I don't have to have it; I eat chicken on most days). My MIL's husband finished his tacos. We were all full but we indulged in fried ice cream afterward (what's a birthday without dessert?).So basically my high marks are based on the salsa, and food overall at reasonable prices, since the service could've been better, considering there were just a few other parties besides us. He checked on us once during the whole meal. And we might check it out again if we have a certificate.
4	The food here was really good and the salsa they brought to the table is fantastic and tastes like it's homemade. If it's not freshly made, it's one of the best canned/jarred salsas I've had here in Vegas. Also, the food came out very quickly.The service was impeccable. Our server Dena was amazing; attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable. When I go back I will request her. I suggest you do the same.
3	Decent alternative to all those expensive ACYE buffets...My friends and I tried their all you can eat tacos for only $7.99.  You get your choice of ground beef, shredded beef or shredded chicken.  On your first plate you get 3 tacos, side of rice and choice of either black beans or re-fried beans. There's also lettuce, tomato and cheese on the side so you can make your taco however you like. I ordered the shredded beef and it was surprisingly good and pretty juicy.  The meat is pilled on high so the three tacos are pretty filling. But if that's not enough for feel free to order more tacos since it is ALL YOU CAN EAT.  The tacos will come two at a time and the rice and beans are given upon request. Chips are also served along with a bean dip and 2 different types of salsa.  The Cabo Mexican Restaurant is a solid deal!
3	Not sure if others have mentioned but they have ALBONDIGAS soup!!!! (vegetable soup and meatballs with a mild spice kick to it) It was sooooo delicious!!! Yeah, I come to vegas and go for the albondigas soup, go figure.I was impressed with their complimentary chips and salsa. Other mexican restaurants would only give you one kind of salsa, but here at Cabo, they gave us a mild salsa, hot salsa (my fav out of the three) and bean dip. I'm not a big fan of beans but this was really good.Prices were alright. Typical. My albondigas soup was $5.99...and it was a pretty big bowl. I ordered a shimp tacos combination plate and it was $11.99 i think.All in all, I wouldn't go outta my way for this.
4	went here the morning after i woke up from staying in palace station.  did the deal for unlimited tacos for $7.99, which you don't have to check in to get, they will give it to you anyways.  we sat at the bar, and the 2 people there were nice and pretty helpful.  we got a few drinks which they comp'd since we were playing the little video machines at the bar, and then we ordered our tacos.  service was a little slow for the food, but we didn't care because we didn't have a place to be till later that night.  you can choose between shredded beef, shredded chicken, or ground beef.  my first plate i got all 3, and the shredded beef was by far the best.  the ground beef was decent, but didn't have much flavor, and the shredded chicken was just too dry.  they bring you 3 at a time and you get it on a large plate with lettuce, pico de gallo, sour cream, and then rice and beans and you can put all of it in the tacos.  second order i got just shredded beef and they didn't bring more rice and beans, but they did offer them.  i just decided i would rather fill up on tacos than rice and beans.overall, i probably won't be back just because i probably will not return to palace station, but if i am at palace station, ill probably stop by again
3	Great place to go for happy hour specials. Cabo serves up a great happy hour menu from 4-6 pm seven days a week. My favorite item is the 12oz bud draft for 99 cents. They have bud light, lime or wheat as well. I prefer a craft beer most of the time but for the price, it's a good deal and I like beer, period. They have a pretty extensive hh menu, most of which I haven't tried. The shrimp cocktail is decent and has been voted "Best of Las Vegas" in recent years. That doesn't hold much water for me personally, but to each her own. They offer ceviche, cheese quesadilla, beef taco, bean tostada and an 8oz mojito all for 99 cents. They have about six items for $2.99 and $3.99 too. I can't vouch for any of these offerings as I usually drink the bud and then order off the regular menu.The last two times I've been here, Dena has served me. She is great at her job! Always friendly and quick with a smile. We can be pretty demanding at times and Dena takes it all in stride. She takes notes, which I dig because I almost never order a meal straight from the menu. I usually add or subtract items and I always want something on the side. The food usually comes out to my specifications and when it doesn't, she is quick to please and remedy the situation. I don't recommend driving across town to frequent this location but if you find yourself in the vicinity it's a pretty good stop. Standard "Vegas Mexican" food and rock bottom happy hour prices. Ya dig?
1	Except for the drinks, The Happy Hour menu is YUK!  The tacos (mini), enchiladas, and quesadillas make Taco Bell and Del Taco look good. People are very nice, but the food is crap!. Don't know about their regular menu, but can't believe it's any better. Can't say you haven't been warned.
2	I must admit I was so excited to go here for the all you can eat tacos special or $7.99. However, this review is mostly about the service, which eclipsed the food tenfold. Admittedly, we got there a little bit late (about an hour before close), but does that mean that we're not entitled to good service? Our server Jim seemed to think so. Jim stumbled to the table conspicuously inebriated and probably more than 3 sheets to the wind (I think he probably had his whole linen closet blowing in his boozy breeze).  However, the Cadillac  margaritas that we ordered WEAK! Perhaps it's because Jim had sucked all the alcohol off of the top before he served them to us. When I personally brought them back to the bartender for a redo (Jim was nowhere to be found),  the bartender really had no interest in doing anything other than cleaning up the bar so he could get home.We spoke to the manager about honoring the AYCE deal that was listed on Yelp, however he said the promotion had expired and that only the I.T. guy was responsible for internet promotions. I guess you can't expect much from the MANGER or anything like that, right? This man was built like a Sprinter Van, and if Jim was drinking all the restaurant's profits, the manager had obviously been offered his paycheck in the form of burritos and tacos and enchiladas...which he GLADLY accepted. He still refused to honor Yelp deal, so we opted for the fajitas for two special that was going on at the time. Here's the good news. Jim left before he was done serving us (we saw him later in the pub getting cozy with a cold one at the bar), so Lucy took over. She was amazing and attentive, but sadly it was the end of our meal, so we didn't get to experience the extent of her awesomeness. Another busser named Do also seemed genuinely happy to be doing his job, too! He was also quite helpful.The food was mediocre, but I do love that they bring a tasty bean dip to the table. I probably will come back to another of the Stations Casinos Cabos, but definitely not Palace Station.  I had more fun at karaoke at  Jack's Irish pub that night. Singing Tina Turner songs made me feel better!
4	We decided to use a restaurant.com certificate here and was pleased. I had the "Carne Asada Platter" which was $15.99. It not only came with the Carne Asada and rice and beans, but also a "Cheese Enchilada" and a "Side Salad". It was very tasty.My hubby had the "Fajita and Margarita" special which was $9.99 with a players card.The only downside is at this location we both got just 5 flour tortillas to split between us and if you want more then it is $2.50 for 3. The server was very friendly and gave us 2 more complimentary but I do think that you should get more then 5 considering we both had meals that come with tortillas. We got the "Chili Con Queso" for an appetizer and it was $5.99. We loved it! It was thick and cheesy. Our total with the coupon came to only $22.30. That is a steal!I know the area isn't the most glamorous but for the price and taste it is well worth it.
2	Service, service, oh silly service. It was greatly lacking at Cabo. After ordering our drinks, I swore our waitress had hit it big because she was no where to be found. 20 minutes passed and finally she did return with said drinks that had been sitting at the bar, and then proceeded with taking our order. Maybe we just came on a bad night, it was karaoke night after all and I hadn't yet had enough drinks to enjoy the karaoke that was ensuing. Not to mention the DJ, well I'll just be nice and say he enjoyed hearing himself talk and needed to come down off the high cloud he was on. The food arrived, again at a much slower than normal pace. It was mediocre at best, no one at my table had finished their order. Sadly cant even remember what I ordered, the experience here was just not up to par.
3	I went here... THats about all i can say. MEDIOCRE
1	Not my choice to even come to Palace Station for any reason but my friend wanted to go to the Oyster Bar.  I actually heard really great things about it.  However, we were on a time crunch and the line was long and the only thing open in the casino was Cabo Mexican Restaurant.The only reason they even get 1 star is because I got my chips and salsa in a timely manner, and the manager gave us a free round of drinks and 20% off our bill at the end.  They really should get zero stars though.  Our drinks took forever at the bar, my friend's steak was way over cooked,  the waitress was slow, the ambience was not great, I can go on forever.
2	I didn't really expect to eat good Mexican Food in a sketchy hotel off the strip in Vegas. My assumptions were not wrong.  The food was average.  Nothing to celebrate or recommend but a decent meal in a hotel where the other option is a buffet or Jonny Rockets to go.The staff was extremely slow and didn't think about the next step at any time.  We were constantly asking for my water, chips and for them to take our order.  I don't enjoy restuarants where I have to do more work to get them to do their job. Granted, this place was a nice escape from the outside environment of a gross off the strip hotel. But please, don't expect much
3	I recently met for drinks and dinner here.  As a previous viewer stated, "mediocre" would be the order of the day.  It was fairly priced, and the food was decent, as was the service.  Beyond that, there was nothing special or extraordinary about it.  That's not to say it was bad, simply not memorable.  If you happen to be in the Sante Fe Station Casino, and are looking for a safe, cookie cutter, Mexican Restaurant... this would be a safe bet.
2	Stay away from here. I spent $14.00 for a margarita in the rocks with salt because if a shot if gran mariner.  sucks very commercialized. 1 out of 5 stars
1	All you can taco's  sounds good..except after the first two I never got the second order..so after paying for two drinks and playing $20 worth of video poker I ended up paying almost $12 per taco, which were nothing to write home about..of course I complained and security arrived to take a report...WTF? After much complaining and receipt presentation I managed to get a meal comped..which would be the only reason I would ever set foot back into this place.
2	After the last 2 visits, I feel differently about this Cabo location. Not all of the Cabo's are consistent and now this one isn't either. Major bummer! There was no line when hubby and I arrived, but we still stood there waiting for about 10 minutes before someone noticed us. I would have wondered if they were even open, but I called prior to see if they had a wait and any specials going and the girl who answered the phone said to come on down. Then once we were seated it took another 10 minutes to have chips, salsa, bean dip and drinks brought to out table. It would have been nice if we were acknowledged sooner.We ordered "Chili Con Queso" priced at $5.99 to start. This is the one thing here that is still consistently good. It has a blend of cheeses with onions, tomatoes, serrano chilies and comes with tortilla chips. For the price it is a great deal and goes a long way. I had the AYCE "Crispy Tacos" for my meal priced at $8.99 that included beans and rice. The beans were cracked on top and hard. The rice was so dry and flavorless. My tacos (chicken and ground beef) had a terrible flavor and the bottoms of the taco shells were so greasy and soggy that when I picked up my first taco the bottom fell out. I would have asked for new tacos, but the place was packed and I only saw 2 servers and one person clearing tables, so flagging someone down wasn't easy. I had honesty gotten my fill with the chips, salsa, bean dip (it wasn't cracked and hard like the beans on my plate) and chili con queso anyway and didn't want to wait any longer than we had been waiting during our experience already.Our server was nice (what I saw of him) and I could tell he was really trying, but with very little staff on hand he could only do so much. Maybe if they had the proper amount of help they could have put out better dishes like I have had in the past and service would have been more timely and just all around better.
3	Cabo pretty much meets your expectations. Chain Mexican food that was affordable and good. Great salsas and refried beans when you sit down. The service was probably the best we received while visiting the Palace Station.
2	I stood for a long time waiting to be noticed just so I could get seated. They seemed very short staffed and the hostess was running around tending to tables and didn't notice the people waiting. Our server was great. Poor dude was running around trying to keep up with all the tables but with them all full and barely any help it was hard. I had a hard time getting something to even drink when I was first seated and getting a refill was even harder. The complimentary chips and bean dip are great however the salsas are nasty. My wife and I shared some con queso dip and that was the best part of the meal. Very cheesy and lots of flavor. I had fajitas and they were not cooked how i asked. Some of the meat was still raw and the rest was tough. Only getting 3 tortillas my whole meal was complete crap too. I couldn't even catch my server to ask that the fajitas be remade because he was out of sight or rushing food to a different table. The beans that came with my meal were also hard. Cabo needs to get more employees on hand so things can run more smoothly.
1	6pm on a Friday, only five tables were occupied. Nasty hostess with painted-on eyebrows tells me they can't seat us because they only have three servers. Sooo apparently their servers can't serve two tables each? No wonder this place is always empty!!! They turn customers away from their 75% empty restaurant on a Friday night!
5	My first visit to Cabo was this afternoon and I must say my visit was nothing less than spectacular. Their happy hour rivaled any local bar in town, $2 cazadores shots.. There must be a mistake. The food was amazing.. I enjoyed a 2 item combination that included the steak taco al carbon and chile relleno. The tacos were border line best I've ever had. And I'm not joking. The chile relleno was amazing as well. And I can't leave out Jenni the server, running around helping every single customer like it was her own. Our meal was by far the best we have had in town.
3	Strolled in after a 9pm session of bingo. Got a Boarding pass earlier in the day and utilized it to get the fajita dinner for 8.99... Only 3 dollars cheaper with the cars but oh well. Had to buy a drink with the deal. Margaritas were below average.  Small glass   Tons of ice.. Not strong at all.   We asked for salt on my glass and i got sugar. She wanted sugar and got salt.  Wouldn't have been a big deal if we had gotten the same flavor.. Food was food tho.   Bean dip comes with chips and salsa complimentary . I wanna try all you can eat tacos
5	Service was awesome. Complimentary chips, salsa, & beans were good and filling. Margaritas could've been bigger.. & stronger but they were good none the less. Keep your eye out for coupons... & groupons!!
