1	This place is an absolute joke. We bought a bedroom set here and the guy told us he would call on Monday to set up a delivery time. He never called, we called a hundred times until they final picked up the phone. We set the appointment for today between 6 and 7. 7:30 comes around and no phone call or anything so I try to call the store, of course no one answers the phone.  So I waste my time and gas to drive over to the store. The guy pretended like he had no idea about what delivery I was talking about, then proceeded to tell me that they don't set appointments and that they could deliver it at anytime.Do they really expect me to sit here all day waiting for them to show up. It's now 8 and they still haven't showed up. What if I had children that needed to go to sleep in that bedroom set. I was disgusted by the way the guy was speeking to me, calling me young lady and being sarcastic. Please save yourself the frustration and never purchase anything from this awful, unprofessional place!!!!!!
1	This place is awful! I ordered a table and chairs, when I purchased them they told me 2-3 weeks, but most likely 2. They said they would call on Monday for a more accurate date. I had to call them, they said early next week. I called early the following week and got the same story, them again another time. Finally I went in with my husband and got to talk to the manager. He actually did call me and promised a discount when it was delivered (this is the only reason I have it one star, as if you could give it less).  Then I had to call them to set up a delivery time, they never called. When they delivered my furniture, they didn't have the money refund, I was told I had to go back into the store to get it. I got some attitude, and very disrespectful comments. But at least I got the money. 5 weeks in my new house with a 2 year old and no kitchen table. I'm just glad I don't have to work with that guy ever again!
5	I just got my couch, and oversize chair delivered and I couldn't be happier! the sales guy (Chris) helped me with the design and fabric choice and they came out more perfect than I expected (especially for the cost) I got better quality and style for under $500 than my last set I bought for twice as much 8 years ago.I'll def be a repeat customer!
