5	I had bought my first Soul 2 years ago when i saw the soul my brother in law bought the year before and keep going back for more the design and the frame are just simply put awesome and this bike is the talk when i am riding at night with friends and family. i am always stopped and asked about my bike and the usual response is i have never seen soul cruisers before. My daughter had to have one so i was back to get her one last year and my wife one for her birthday this year as she fell in love with the new 2015 white and pink womens Halo awsome looking and incredible ride. I went to the new store in Tempe and Jim the owner treated us just like family as always what a great person. I have also purchased several sets of LED lights for all of our bikes along with all of our family and freinds and what a showcase riding at night! we are always stopped to findout about them and asked where to get them and it is now super easy to get them with the soul beach cruiser store in Tempe. I will be going back for the new model and will keep the one i have. Great bikes, great design and best looking bikes around! and the new 57MM wheels look awesome!
5	I love Soul Cruisers!!! The bikes are amazing & so is the customer service! We have purchased 3 cruisers already & love each of them! Solid bikes with great colors & looks!
5	These guys are fantastic. They helped me out in a jam when I was biking home. I suddenly received a flat tire riding home near their store and went inside. They refilled my air and added slime to the tubes to prevent a future break. I got home safe and quickly because of their kindness to help.While I waited, I tested out one of their bikes. Smooth ride! I felt very comfortable riding it and can definitely see it as a perfect cruiser.
5	a big thanks to jim & bridget!!!hands down the best steeet cruzer on the market!!!cant wait till i buy mine!!
5	Don't buy a beach cruiser without checking this place out FIRST.  I stumbled across SOUL by accident when I attempted to look at bikes at the "now out of business" Tempe Bicycle on Rural.  There was a sign on the door advertising the Soul bike shop, so we went to take a look.  So glad we did!The frames that Jim uses are his own design and totally different than any other cruiser on the market.  You can customize your color, rims and even handle bars to get exactly what you want.  And they have cool colors that you won't find anywhere else.  I am 6'4", so I wanted a larger frame.  The Soul bikes are naturally larger by design, and just perfect for me with a set of ape hanger handle bars.Jim is a really cool guy, and takes the time to educate his customers on how he has designed an all-around better bike.  He'll let you mix and match parts until your bike is perfect for you.  And the prices are LESS than anything that you'll find in a chain bike shop, for a far better and unique product.So do yourself a favor and look at a Soul bike before buying anything, anywhere else.  You'll be amazed at just how much better they are.
5	Real cool and different style of cruiser. I stand out from all the rest of the bikes in the best possible way. Thx
5	Came in a few weeks before Christmas, looking to put a bike under the tree for the girlfriend.   Its always amazing to be met at the door with a handshake, by the owner of the company.  Jim's enthusiasm towards his product was contagious and he was quick to let me take a test spin on one of his fabulous bikes.  I absolutely love every bike he had in his shop.  All the colors were amazing.  He also has no shortage of fun add-ons to personalize your two wheeler.   To echo another reviewer, don't make a purchase until you check out Soul Beach Cruisers.   5 stars all day long.
5	Very good service. Yesterday I and my wife went to a very far place by the rental bicycles from this shop. We can't go back because the tires are flat after crossing a grass land. Finally, Jim, the owner of the shop, spent 2 hours to drive us home. He didn't ask any rewards and compensation. I'm so moved.
