4	This is the place to shop for restaurant equipment and supplies at great prices.  Best of all, it's open to anyone with a Costco membership.Don't forget to fill up your car while you're here - prices are some of the lowest in town.
4	Let's see...no electronics, no clothing, no bakery, no pharmacy, no furniture...definitely not your average Costco..but i like it though. The store is old but very well kept. The store caters to business clients even though any Costco member can come in and they everything from paper cups, paper lids, and paper napkins to entire aisles of Gatorade of every single flavor. It is definitely heaven for business owners to stock up on all of their supplies and best of all the prices are even cheaper on some products that you find at regular Costco Warehouses. So if your ever on the west side of phoenix....check out the costco business center. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!!
4	Best place to stop for gas when traversing Grand Ave, going westbound!
3	This used to be a regular stop for me going clear back to when it was just a regular Costco before the one at Christown opened and this became a Business Center.  After becoming a business center it got a lot less crowded because they switched out a lot of items that were consumer oriented for those that are business oriented.  You can, and some folks do, run an entire mini mart with the items in this store.  They also have food items in huge amounts for restaurants.  Talking to the folks there, a lot of this location's business is delivered with their trucks every day.Today's trip here was prompted by a Sale price of $3 off the normal price for an 8 pack of Spam.  I also was in need of some items for the shop and home.  While there I also picked up Tahini, WD-40, orange juice, Simple Green, granola bars, Blue paper towels and toilet paper (Kirkland).  Do you have any idea how long it takes one guy and the occasional visitor to use 48 rolls of toilet paper?A couple of the reasons I put up with the crowds at a different Costco most of the time:  They will no longer sell cigarettes for personal consumption here, some of the perishables are closer to their expiration date because they don't move as fast (OK for a restaurant that is going to use it in a week , but not for somebody that may take several weeks to consume it), some of the products carried are different than a regular Costco and are not my preferred choices.However, if you want kitchen items this place has a whole section devoted to cookware and serving items.
4	This is definitely not a normal Costco. If I had a small restaurant or convenience store, this would be my haven. I love that it's open to all Costco members. My husband and I were in charge of purchasing Sparkling Apple Cider for his cousin's wedding and I scoured the internet to find the best deal, since we needed 60 bottles. I found them through Costco Business Delivery, but figured they'd also have them on location. They did, and were actually about $1 cheaper per pack of 4 than listed online! They also sell the 3 gallon tubs of Thrifty Ice Cream - something I grew up with living in California. They are closed Sundays, and only open until 4 on Saturdays, but was not crowded at all. They don't have everything the normal Costco has, but they do have a lot more variety of the things they do sell. For example, they have several flavors of Rockstar Energy Drinks whereas the normal Costco may have just two. They do have a gas station, which I've noticed is sometimes cheaper compared to other locations!
4	Great Costo.  They are different than the regular warehouses.  Specializing in restaurant and convenience items this warehouse is packed with supplies and bigger food packs.  I love the selection of Torani products as well as prepared veggies (cut and ready to serve onions, lettuce, salads, etc)  They don't carry everything that regular Costco does and some things are too big for the regular home customer but the ability to buy plastic restaurant style glasses for cheap is terrific! (great for tile floors!)  I love the selection of snack foods and specialty drinks.  I also buy Thrifty Ice Cream here!
4	We have been Costco members for a long time.  We had no idea these "business centers" existed.  There aren't very many of them.  This is the one (and only) in Phoenix.  And this was our first visit.First, the place is huge.  Probably about 50% larger than a normal Costco.  They have a lot of the same stuff here.  There's also a lot of stuff they don't have that you'll find in the normal Costcos.  But there is a LOT of stuff here that you wont' find in the regular warehouses.  I can't even begin to list them all.  Baking sheets of various sizes, silicone baking mats, rolls of butcher paper, thermometers and temperature probes, large packs of office supplies (pens, reams of paper), etc.  Clearly catering to various small businesses.And then there's the food.  Huge bags of onions and potatoes, cases of mushrooms (sliced or whole), 40 lb packs of chicken breasts (boneless, skinless, great price...we grabbed one because we have a freezer!), cryovac packs of beef neck, beef shoulder, pork shoulder...10 lbs, 20 lbs, more.  You want a whole halal lamb?  They have them.This place may not be suitable for everyone, but I can definitely see coming here every month or two for some of the meats, the prepared frozen items, and the sodas.  Yes, the sodas.  They have several varieties available you don't find in other stores, plus other beverages also.  No alcohol, but who cares.  Half-liter bottles of Coke made with real sugar.  My wife picked up a case of mango sodas.  I have little doubt this is where some Mexican restaurants get these sodas.Like all Costcos they accept the American Express card, and this one has a gas station.  I didn't see a pharmacy or optical center.
4	This place is AWESOMEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!  About twice the size of a regular Costco.  With some products you wont find at your regular Costco.From beef primals to jelly roll sheets and other various kitchen items - This place caters to the business/restaurant owner.  J about lost it when he saw the sold Rockstar Energy Drinks, by the case.  Averaging about $1 a can, if on mailer coupon special.  I'm sure we'll be back to this location!  :)
5	This Costco is huge! Almost twice as big as your average Costco...so make sure to wear comfortable shoes. The selection here is also very different than other locations. It caters mostly to small businesses, but is open to all Costco members. If you need something in bulk but the regular Costco is not big enough (I know this sounds crazy right) then you have found the right place. For example, do you need 25 pounds of pepperoni or half of a lamb? But it is also great if you want to get meat or fruit for a party. The prices seem about the same or slightly lower per ounce/unit than the typical Costco. Also, the staff was very friendly and helpful. They are happy to answer any questions you might have and if you need help finding something they will personally walk you over to it, rather than point and leave you to find it yourself. This location is worth a stop if you are in the area or if you are hosting a large gathering.
5	Need color copies this is the best place in town. I had 1000 printed for only .19 each. Try finding this anywhere else in town. Great for bulk purchases as well. Lots of restaurant equipment. We are lucky to have one in town, there are very few in the US.
4	Nice concept for business/restaurant owners. Very clean, great selection and even larger sizes than a regular Costco, if you can believe that! Not nearly as crowded as regular locations and staff was fast and efficient at checkout.
4	Just in case the quantities at a regular Costco aren't big enough, this is truly the restaurant and business owner's Costco, though us "civilian" regular members are admitted as well. The inventory is oriented to grocery items for resale in even more vast quantities or larger containers than at a regular Costco, restaurant and office supply.There are food items such as hunks of meat, cheeses, crates of a limited selection of fruits and vegetables, commercial kitchen supplies, carry-out containers, cigarettes for resale and more. There's cutlery, cups and dishes for restaurants, hotel linens,  cleaning and janitorial supplies ,and a vast quantity of stainless commercial kitchen equipment from vast vats to steam tables, but not much in the way of consumer goods (Are cases of snack foods and soft drinks consumer goods?). There are no TV's, dvds, or computers, and thank the heavens at least as of my last visit, no singing or otherwise musical Christmas trees, reindeer or snow people. In fact beyond a few electric commercial kitchen appliances, "Open" signs, cash registers, and closed circuit monitoring systems, I don't believe there are any other electronics.  This location also has an in-house print shop and copy center where you can order rubber stamps, banners, posters, invitations, custom printed or embroidered work uniforms, club or team attire, and more. There's also a Costco gas station on the south side at Grand and 33rd Avenues.It's not the Costco most members would want or need to go to often, but  fit's worth a look-see to get the gist of the place.  You may well find some items of use, value and interest for the individual or (large, large) family.  For the commercial business owner, pre-orders and delivery is available as well.  Current hours (as of 10/3/13) are: M-F 7:00am - 6:00pm, Sat. 7:00am - 4:00pmSun. Closed.
5	I called this Costco from San Diego, CA. looking for a salad dressing our local Costco gets only seasonally.  I was transferred to the business department where a gentleman named Ken took my call.  AWESOME customer service.  He researched the item for me, gave me arrival dates for stores near his, and was very courteous and helpful.  His store was not going to get this dressing so he wanted to make sure I knew where and when to look for it at different locations.  He didn't have to do all that, but he did.  And for that, Ken and this Costco get 5 stars.  Dear Costco, can you please stock Culinary Treasures Organic Lemon Ginger Sesame Dressing & Marinade year round????  Please???  I shouldn't have to be calling all over the United States to find it.  Sheeesh....
4	what I love about Costco is their great price, even on gas. This particular Costco is more toward business rather than the normal Costco, they do not have a photo center but do have printing/copying center. One other thing I keep forgetting whenever I come to Costco is that they don't not accept any other credit card beside amex. great place for wholesale and gas.
5	Don't let the name, Costco Business Center, scare you away.  Embrace the bulk! There are many items sold here that you will not find at a traditional Costco.Items here are sold on the assumption that you are a restaurant or small business that will reselling whatever you buy or at least using it as part of your business. That makes for some unusual and sometimes entertaining selections.So what was I, not the owner of a small business, doing here on a Saturday afternoon? Helping a pre-school teacher buy mass quantities of plastic squeeze bottles. Roughly two bucks a six pack. Sweet! Speaking of sweet, we also picked up some pizza shaped gummies and some blue shark gummies for snacks, as well as 500 coffee filters for crafts. Yes, 500. Some of the quantities sold here are insane, but some of the items are great for teachers anyway.We've also purchased drinks and snacks for youth sport teams here in the past. They have more variety of both than a normal Costco. A great choice!Some cautionary comments: Hours are limited. For example, they close at 4:00 p.m. on Saturday and are not open at all on Sunday. Further, many items you might expect to find at Costco are not sold here. Finally, browsing for some items can be a challenge.  There are a lot of large brown cardboard boxes filled with items like plastic forks, paper plates, cups, blue shark gummies (yes!), Styrofoam containers... they're assuming you're a business person who knows what you need and they don't even pretend to sway you with packaging for many items.Stop by when you  have a few extra minutes to browse. The Ranch market that shares the parking lot is also not your normal grocer.
4	This has to be the hidden Costco to shop at.  Not super busy inside, gas station, and almost has the same stuff as a typical Costco.Since its a business center it also offers some more options.  Drinks galore to pick from, so if you are missing your typical favorites at your local Costco try this one out.
