4	So, this might be a bit touristy/ gimmicky of an idea for a restaurant, but its a lot of fun.The walls are all decorated with 'mad scientist' style apparatuses. Motorcycle batteries, random wires, tubes. The over all decor is a bit dark. The patrons, however, seemed boisterous and almost oblivious to their surroundings. We had a very friendly Hungarian waitress who took a bit of time to talk to the two Americans at her table (us), and to recommend the Chicken Curry, which was great. We stuck around for a bit, and had a couple of beers, then it was time to hit the bathroom before we went home.This may have been my favorite part about the pub; if you haven't been to one of these places, down a few quick beers to get a buzz, then try to find the bathroom without asking for directions. Maybe you'll notice the signs above the hidden door (clearly telling you where it is), and maybe you'll just stumble through the hidden door on your own.
4	Jekyll and Hyde is a quirky little bar which can get very busy. It is themed around Jekyll and Hyde, and is a very dark, Gothic pub. Its very mad scientist in here and as you sit taking in your surroundings you will be transfixed by the random jars, test tubes and skeletons which  cover the walls. The music is a mix of rock and metal to compliment the surroundings. They serve a wide selection of well priced drinks, with special mention to the drinks named after the seven sins. I recommend giving them a go (maybe not all at once!), just to try them.The food is pretty good pub food. It is fairly cheap! I had a rather tasty soup and sandwich for only a few pounds. The burgers are pretty good too. I'd say it is best to visit at lunchtime as it gets pretty busy with after work drinkers in the evening. We came on for dinner one night and the place was jam packed so we had to go elsewhere.One last thing: good luck finding the toilets!
2	Jekyll and Hyde is a sort of themed 'alternative' studenty pub, although it seems to be located in an odd place to be any of those things. It sits on Hanover St next to The Dogs and over the road from 99, yet always seems to be busy(ish). It is decorated with skeletons, cobwebs and other sorts of leftover Halloween tat. The entrance to the loos is hidden behind a bookcase and whilst you're in the loos themselves 'spooky' noises can be heard. They play old B-movies in a wee cinema room on some nights and the speciality cocktails behind the bar are named after the seven deadly sins. I would never choose to drink here as I guess I just find it all a bit gimmicky, perhaps this place is best left to the students and tourists.
1	Edinburgh, along with its inhabitants, suffer from many a crap rainy day accompanied by dull clouds and limited sunlight. What I can't quite fathom is why anyone would want to drink in bar that replicates these conditions.Ok, the Gothic theme does come hand in hand with black walls, cobwebs and morgue esque surroundings but to be accompanied with flat watery beer and weak lifeless cocktails makes the place a little depressing. It's hard enough battling SAD throughout the dreary winter months let alone exacerbating the condition by going out of your way to have a depressing social drink in here.
3	I was in here for the birthday of a girl who frequents this place quite a bit. When we got there the night was still young, and the bar was pretty much empty apart from us. I must admit, at the time it did not occur to me that this was a gothic theme pub - i just thought it was a bit dark and old fashioned.ANyway, the night was pretty darn good - the drinks were cheap, the staff were funny and the cocktails were good (i.e very alcoholic). Why only 3 stars then? Well, apart from us, the place was empty - if I were there for any other reason than the birthday, i would have found it depressing. While I still had an excellent time with my group, it really was a case of when we left, the pub might have well closed. Shame really, because it all seemed to be going rather well.
4	Just to start this review off with a small rant, am I the only one, that despite having been here a number of times, still fails to locate the ladies toilet on every occasion? I know it is kind of hidden away for banter purposes and to link in with the decor, but surely after several imbibing visits here, my sense of direction should have improved? Anyway, this New Town pub is a steady contender on the night time scene, always filled with locals and a bit of a tourist crowd, and its novelty interior is always a fun environment to have a few bevs in, with the dark booths and potion like substances running up the walls.For those who know the term Jekyll and Hyde refers to a person with a split personality, but aren't sure why, I shall explain. The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was a book written by Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson, about a man called Dr. Jekyll, who had a good and evil side of his personality, but in a physical sense too, as his sinister scientific research had led him to drink potions, which transformed him into the evil Mr. Hyde. If you've ever been keen to read the book and I've just spoilt some of the plot, then apologies.
4	I'm really glad to learn that I wasn't the only one to get ID'd every other minute! And I look old for my age (a modest 20, or twenteen as I prefer it) so I never, ever get asked to prove it. Maybe they were trying to flatter me.Anyway, the pub itself, as has been mentioned is more of a novelty than particularly chic. Well that depends on your definition of chic I suppose. If novelty book cases and murder-mystery style is chic to you, then grab your glad-rags.The prices are good too, and it's in a good location so you can come here before a night on the town and barely have to bear the walk!
4	A more acceptable version of Frankenstein's, Jekyll and Hyde's horror theme plasters the bar, the walls, and the atmosphere, yet never manages to feel overbearing or overdone. It is a bit crap, but Jekyll and Hyde knows it's a bit crap, and plays on this in order to make it a selling point, much like Channel 5 or Pot Noodle.It's quite busy on a regular basis, but like most theme pubs pretty much everyone seems fairly pissed all the time, so if it's quiet after-dinner drinks you're looking for I wouldn't bother.
2	Dark, dingy, unwelcoming. That was my impression of Jeckyll & Hyde. Not a place I want to drink in. I know that's the theme they're going for, but it just didn't work for me. In fact, it had the opposite effect. And it's a shame too, because the staff were actually cool and friendly. Beer was OK, there was nothing interesting about it and they do standard pub food.There is, however, one reason to visit Jeckyll & Hyde. Go there later on, when people have had a few and watch them try and find the toilet. It's hidden in a bookcase in the wall and it's absolutely hilarious watching drunk men feel their way around the wall then eventually fall in. But apart from that it's not really worth bothering with.
5	I loved the Jeckyll and Hyde.For a theme pub, its gimmick is spot on. Massive black and burgandy leather booths, dark, dingy decor, big fake book cases, church pews, stained glass, "case studies" plastered all over the place, glass cases on the walls full of old botany equipment and Victorian gadgets....amazing.I also can't believe how cheap the food is. 4 quid for main courses, are you shitting me? In this day and age! That is bloomin' marvellous!I'm pretty sure a picture of Dracula is on the menus which is a bit of an identity crisis, but who am I to question a good Victorian icon? Put 'em all on there, I say! Throw Jane Eyre into the mix, she too was a bit frightful at times!I had a bowl of chips and chilli out of here for 3 quid today. That ain't half bad.The staff are pretty cool and the selection of booze is decent enough.But the best bit of all, there are seats in the shape of organs.Did you hear me?SEATS IN THE SHAPE OF ORGANS!!!'Nuff said. It rocks.
3	I'm slightly biased in my feelings for this place. It's where a friend of mine put on his comedy performance during the Fringe last year. So it holds good memories for me - I found it to a fun little spot. Of course, if this type of gothic themed bar doesn't float your boat, then you might not even make it past the door. It's harmless though. The booth out the back are ideal for gathering friends, and the downstairs bar is another hidden treat. Fairly average selection of drinks.
5	Yes, it's kitschy as all getout and it's morbid, dreary, cliche, what have you. I don't care. I love this bar. Maybe I'm slightly biased towards the Gothic and macabre, but I love the ever-so-slightly tacky decor of the Jekyll & Hyde. It's fairly cheap as far as bars go, and the drinks are good. The Seven Deadly Sins cocktails are quite delicious, and there are test tube shots for the punters who aren't quite so concerned with sophistication. It's good old fun. There are big booths in the back for bigger groups, or you can squirrel yourself and your significant other in a cobweb-mired alcove and sip your blood-red wine until the clock strikes midnight. I enjoy it.
4	What a fun wee (well, actually quite big) pub this is. From the burning flames outside, the progressively rockin' tunes (not progressive-rock. Music that progressively got heavier as the night wore on). Dark wood, the Seven Deadly Sins cocktails, a cavernous expansion of tables and booths to mull a pint over, and friendly, edgy bar staff. A perfect place or a post-Elite Event drink or three.Around 30 yelpers descened on Jekyll & Hyde at 10pm on a Thursday night, and the bar staff weren't phased, served us our drinks aplenty, and there was more than enough room for all of us and the other punters.The Seven Deadly Sins cocktails are quite fun, but not really connosieur cocktails if you know what I mean. I tried the green one (envy?) with cream, milk and mint. Basically like a mint milkshake, if you like that sort of thing. As Kerrin R has so eloquently put it, the toilets are somewhat of a mystery. Literally. They're hidden. Try and find them before you feel the need. I saw a few pained looks on people's faces who had returned, being unable, and had decided to try and avert the need. It's not gonna happen. But it's fun to find them when you're not in dire straits.This bar plays off the gothic, melodrama theme well. It's fun, I can see it being somewhere I would happily hit up regularly for a drink or two despite not being the sort of bar that would serve me endless margaritas. I think it's a Scream pub (?) or a one of those chains but it doesn't really show. Great for groups, great for drink, great for some SOAD to Korn to full on shouty-shouty angry music (in hindsight maybe that's how the bar staff were trying to shunt us all out in the end?)
4	A fun, themed bar not far from the city centre; whether you're a tourist or one of the children of the night, there's a time of day for everyone to enjoy a visit.They offer the usual selection of drinks, a fairly decent offering of cheap, edible pub food, and a fun selection of themed cocktails and shots for the more adventurous; I recommend the Pride, but Gluttony isn't necessarily a bad thing either.They host regular events such as Heresy Comedy on Thursday evenings, Rock-In The Aerie on Sunday's, and I highly recommend the B-Movie night hosted by The Edinburgh B-Team every Monday evening in The Crypt; it's free of charge and they even provide popcorn, though get there early or you may have to stand.My only complaint is the facilities; if you can find them (and you should ask if you're struggling!) they aren't the best presented in the world and could do with a bit of domestos every-now-and-then.
4	I study Forensic Anthropology..... there was not a hope in hell I was NOT going to like this place. I mean really..... skulls! Skeletons!!! I wonder if I could use the excuse 'I'm studying the bones they have on display' as a reason to go here more often!The drinks were a little bit more expensive than I had expected, but nothing too ridiculous. Although I was told the Carling was a bad choice, a bit watery. I thought as soon as I walked in here I would stick out like a sore thumb. But I didn't there is a good mix of people and quite obvious regulars.I actually came here to see some bands play in the little bit right out the very back. I was informed it was a bit of an odd/different space for a gig and that was spot on. Not necessarily in a bad way. It is pretty small, but I liked it. I also liked the music, which I did not expect. Judging by the image of the bar I would have expected screamy/shouty stuff that I would hate. Not at all. I also ended up staying til..... I dont know, pretty late, but they were not in any rush to chuck us out which was greatly appreciated. So it is first metacarpal's up for this place...... that is bones talk for a thumb's up!
4	Jekyll and Hyde is the ONLY place I've drank Innis & Gunn all night, from start to finish, from woe to go, from crack to thump. For those of you who haven't tried Innis & Gunn, it's REALLY potent and tastes so good you just fly through them. This was a problem at Jekyll and Hyde.The night in question wasn't a busy one and there were plenty of staff on, but for some reason service was SLOOOW. Mega slow. I was waiting 5 - 10 minutes in a one-person-deep line. This was not cool, my pal and I were commiserating a dirty break-up and needed alcohol swift and constant, not slow and sporadic. So I started buying two drinks each per line-up, then eventually three each. I don't like to do this because I can't control myself; I drink quick and hard and get too drunk too early. Which is precisely what happened.  After a few hours our table was COMPLETELY covered with empty bottles. Completely. When the glass dude came to clear them away he was all like "Are these all yours?" and we were like "(unintelligible sounds)". And then the guy was like "Impressive!"In one passive action, I stopped caring that the service was slow, the tables sticky and the music not to my liking. We had impressed the staff at a heavy-drinking establishment with the amount we had drunk! Bar-cred for us!If you don't mind your bars a little bit sticky and scrappy and with a 'who gives a fuck' attitude, give Jekyll and Hyde a whirl. Just make sure you know where the bathroom is before you need to break the seal.
4	The Jekyll & Hyde is a theme bar, but don't be put off by this. It plays to the gothic designs of Dracula and Frankenstein, but it doesn't take itself too seriously. For the most part it is essentially a rock bar with chandeliers, gargoyles and toilets hidden behind fake book cases.For the most part... There are other attractions, on a Sunday they generally have live music from 8 and Monday brings a B-Movie screening from 7 (both free). Then there are monthly events and the odd random gig, it s one of those bars that tends to have something going on.To sum up, good pub with some fun quirks, give it a try!
4	We were glad we stumbled upon Jekyll & Hyde in our afternoon of searching for a place with their kitchen open.  On top of serving food on a Saturday afternoon it tastes good, they have a fun atmosphere, decent prices, and friendly staff.With the name Jekyll & Hyde you must expect a theme and themed it is!  Love the atmosphere. Love the secret bathrooms even more.We had the Yorkshire puddings - yum (yeah, it was our first time ever having Yorkshire so we having nothing to compare it to but it tasted good to us!), the fish & chips - yum, and chicken - yum and cooked right.
3	I have this review here - but  will copy this to their actual name Jekyll & HydeI like themed pubs and I am very pleased a sinister themed pub like this is in Edinburgh. Though I am struggling to give this place 4 stars.They have loads of room up  in the back and down the stairs - it is like a vault or mad scientist laboratory - which is the theme..duh. They have torches outside above the door and a library on the indoor veranda. There is no corner or table that is the same. They play rock music and not your usual background muzak. For me it is a little loud and does overtake the conversation. But on being an interesting pub stakes it gets a star. Another star is the toilet. - if you can find it.  When I take new people to this place I always let them try to figure it out - most hilarious..ah well - easily pleased et al. The beers and wine and spirits are all your usuals and they serve up themed cocktails - which sometimes are serves in testubes and a full rack is available - nice touch. Not too expensive.I've been here on birthday parties,  just a group of friends and on HALLOWEEN (!) - yup that last one was a nice night out . Just a word of warning - it is busy from Wednesday to Sunday - so take that in mind.
3	I like themed pubs and I am very pleased a sinister themed pub like this is in Edinburgh. Though I am struggling to give this place 4 stars.They have loads of room up  in the back and down the stairs - it is like a vault or mad scientist laboratory - which is the theme..duh. They have torches outside above the door and a library on the indoor veranda. There is no corner or table that is the same. They play rock music and not your usual background muzak. For me it is a little loud and does overtake the conversation. But on being an interesting pub stakes it gets a star. Another star is the toilet. - if you can find it.  When I take new people to this place I always let them try to figure it out - most hilarious..ah well - easily pleased et al. The beers and wine and spirits are all your usuals and they serve up themed cocktails - which sometimes are serves in testubes and a full rack is available - nice touch. I've been here on birthday parties,  just a group of friends and on HALLOWEEN (!) - yup that last one was a nice night out . Just a word of warning - it is busy from Wednesday to Sunday - so take that in mind.
3	A little run down these days and wine choice a bit limited.
4	This is one of my favourite places to come in Edinburgh, and a great place to take people if they're new to Edinburgh.It's a little off the beaten track being on Hanover Street, but not far enough that it's a hassle to get to.The big plus for me is the decor. It's done up like a reject from a 50s B-movie horror... think Hammer Dracula flicks, all leather upholstery, pointed Gothic furniture, and even the odd bubbling beaker full of weird and wonderful potions.Then there's the toilets.They're behind a bookcase. If you know where they are, or look reeeeeal close, then it's no problem. Take a few people in after a few "adult beverages" and it becomes a war of attrition, watching people pushing blindly at the wall in desperation.This amuses me, and I approve.The bar itself is pretty good too, a nice selection of beers and ales - try the Trade Winds, it's groovy - and all sorts of shots, cocktails and shooters. The staff seem to genuinely enjoy working there and always have a smile and time to have a wee joke while they serve you.During the fringe, there's always free comedy on as well, so check that out while you can.I honestly love this place, it's well worth checking out.
4	I knew about the Jeykll & Hyde for a while, however they housed one of our "rival" events and so I tended to avoid it. Ironically I ended up here during the Fringe with our event and I can't believe my pride kept me away for so long! I only manged to see the main bar are and The Ariee were we were performing but that was enough! I'm a huge fan of horror and anything a little dark and so this venue totally won me over not to mention the prices are incredibly low for Edinburgh. I didn't eat however the people in our group who did were complete raving about it.  The only issue is it took me ages to deal with finding the ladies toilet (behind the book shelves) and we had to scream "NOT THAT ONE!!!" to those who accidentally stumbled into the wrong one. After locating they also followed the venues theme although they could have done with a good clean. I'm putting the mess down to it being Fringe season and would highly recommend popping by to any one.
3	A trusty city-centre meeting place if you want to catch up with folk with a drink and a bit of grub. The themed bar is quite fun, with dark wood, booths and monster-themed bits and pieces throughout. Loos are hidden behind a book case; can't go wrong with hidden bathrooms! It's also considerably bigger inside than its front would suggest, with a downstairs section that works perfectly for the monthly film quiz (no mobile reception for quiz cheats, joy!).I'm not a massive fan of the place, probably because I'm not very into themed bars, but it does its job well enough. Prices are about what you'd expect for a city centre bar and the food menu is basic pub grub - cheap enough and reasonably cheerful. I do like that the Jekyll and Hyde isn't pretentious - you can come here and feel quite at home.
5	This pub manages to strike that perfect balance between Adam's Family kooky, goth-punk slick, quality food and drink (for a rather reasonable price), and an atmosphere that is comfortable for family but relaxed enough for friends on a weekend out. Loved it!
4	Ate here twice while in Edinburgh.  Quaint, tasty, comfortable.  Delicious chocolate lava cake.  Our kids loved the secret doors.
