5	Great rolls, strong drinks... used to be Geisha House, now its Kanji. Great staff everyone is friendly.
5	So this is a sushi/teppinyaki restaurant that newly opened. Here is my first impressionThe staff here is very friendly. I felt very welcome when I walked in. The place looked well put together and very modern in Asian theme. I tried both the sushi and the teppinyaki. SushiI noticed the sushi guy washed his hands before he started working in my food. I enjoy seeing that. I ordered a 12 pieces sashimi.  Tuna,  salmon, and yellow tail. The fish was extremely fresh.  5 stars! The chef also surprised me with fresh wasabi! It was amazing! I had never tried it. Always had that green mashed processed stuff. I also ordered a rainbow roll. The chef was a master at making the rolls. The flavors kicked into each other superbly. 5 starsThe teppinyaki is also amazing. I had the steak and shrimp. The chef did a bunch of cool tricks and made the whole experience fun. Their signature red butter makes everything taste amazing. The steak was perfect! Everything came in a timely manner. The staff was very pleasant.I didn't feel like I over paid when the bill came through. The whole experience was wonderful. I would recommend this place to my friends. Two thumps up!
1	I tried because of Groupon.It turned out to be worst restaurant in Las vegas.I asked them if we can have a private Teppan-yaki table.Because we didn't want to sit with big group with small kids.They said there were many reservations after this,so this table is only our choice.So we had to sit on dining room to eat Teppan-yaki.First course salad was watery.It looks like they prepared a long time ago and left in refrigerator.My husband had a chicken teriyaki,which was very chewy and strange taste.It was old teriyaki.Maybe leftover from last night.We has a plate of meat and lobster from kitchen.It was not medium rare and small portion.No show from chef.Then we found out that they lied to us.After big group left,only 1 couple showed up.They had own private table enjoying by themselves.We are very angry.They served us spoiled food and lied.Even with Groupon,bill was $40 plus Groupon$40(paid $20) We didn't leave any tip.We could have gone much better restaurant spending $60.We'll never go back there.
5	We love this place!! Ji the owner is one of the nicest people and Ellen and staff are superb. We probably spend to much time here but we think between having the best sushi and the best staff in Vegas you can't loose! Not expensive either. They make you feel part of a family not a customer! Five star for sure.
5	Very impressed with the new interior of the restaurant!I ordered the strip steak habachi which comes with miso soup, salad, side of lemon butter shrimp, fried rice & veggies.It was delicious and fun to watch.I also ordered the super white tuna sushi and it was probably the best Ive ever had! it melts in your mouth.Sake is also priced perfectly (and selection is HUGE) ask Ji to pair it with your dinner of choice!Service was fast and generous for our party of 7 including a 3 year old. Will be back for more!
5	This is my favorite teppanyaki and sushi place in Las Vegas. The inside atmosphere is nice. dining and sushi area is modern and orange color of ceiling is looking great! For the food, I highly recommend the prix-fixe menu for grills. This course comes with 3 entree which you can choose from kanji sp, landlover sp, sealover sp and appetizer and drinks. Also what emphasizes on food is their secret pink sauce! It makes every food tastyThey serve sushi as well so we could enjoyed sushi and teppanyaki together. I ordered few rolls kanji roll, what the heck, and something wrong #7. Among these three rolls, Kanji roll is the best and it is best roll i ever had!! I hope everyone visiting Las Vegas gives this place a shot
5	Best sushi and hibachi in Vegas. Customer service second to none. Can't beat it. Definitely worth a drive for you Henderson peeps!!
5	It was so good~~~  everything was great , every time i order sushi n rolls chef young made exactly what i want. Thank you .chef young .
5	I love sushi in general, but this place has a huge variety and I ended up trying something completely new! I love the environment of the place, and it's really friendly and clean. Anyone should give this place a try! :)
5	Nothing much I can say but a great bar and food! The drinks they made were impressive, kinda felt if I were on the strip in a fancy casino.
5	New fave sushi spot, everyone is super cool and chill, food is super amazing and the only place where they serve flavored sake bombs !!! And the interior is fab!!
5	One of the best habachi and sushi restaurant in vegas!! EXCELLENT food and GREAT customer service.
5	I have been to several teppanyaki restaurants but kanji is the best i have tasted with the best service. I came here with my friend and we both got the kanji special and we also got the kanji roll. Both were amazing! The kanji special allowed us to try their best, including an appetizer and a drink. Our chef was joshua and he was great! He gave a sunflower show with eggs.  It was the first time I've seen something like that. Our server's name was annie and she took care of us the whole time we were there. She recommended us to try the uni and it was the freshest uni I have ever tried! when I asked about it she told me that they don't have it everyday but they buy the freshest and best uni to serve. Definitely ask your server about the uni!
5	I have eaten at this restaurant regularly for a few years now (even prior to the name change/remodel). The staff here has always been incredible! The food is delicious, the chefs are so much fun, the wait staff is great, the owner is fantastic. I bring all my friends and family here and always let them know that all of our Kanji friends are part of our family. In my 30 years of eating and 10+ years of drinking, I have never had a place that felt so much like a part of me. Go there, prepare to get a giant amount of food, include some awesome sushi and dessert and of course a Sake Bomb or two...SAKE SAKE! BOMB BOMB!
5	I have been to Kanji more times than I care to count. The staff, food, drinks, ambiance, etc are all amazing. My husband and I bring all our out of town visitors to eat here. Ji, Ellen, and the rest of the staff are all amazingly catering and kind in every way. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for an exquisite dining experience. And for those of you comparing, I have been to the Benihana on the strip and would choose Kanji every time!
5	I was brought to Kanji by a close friend of mine who told me I will never go to any other Teppan style restaurant again in Vegas.   I was skeptical as everyone I have been to has been good but the service was average at best    When we walked in we were immediately greeted and truly felt welcome.   Everything about this restaurant was on point. The decor, the layout, the lighting, patio for happy hour  to the food, drinks and awesome service.    If you are looking at Benihana or Geisha House, do yourself a favor and come to Kanji.  You won't be disappointed.
5	My bf & I are always getting take out from here I LOVE this place!! Use to always be at Benihanas but this place seriously is so much better can't even compare! Thank you!!!
5	I've been coming here for a while long before they changed the name to Kanji and I just cannot go any where else for teppan. Great food and service, what more can I ask for in a restaurant!!
5	I have been to kanji more than I can count.. Of course they just opened but hey this place is my most favorite my friends love it here, just the atmosphere is great "Joshua" and "Jorge" are both amazing cooks.. Food was amazing guys I have a bunch of friends that talk about the experience they all had from the yum yum sauce to the steak and lobster ,to the Sapporo and Asahi just all around great..what's even better the fact that the personality was top notch these guys can make the whole table laugh .. SAKE SAKE BOMB BOMB!!!!Lost count after 3..great flavors, my all time fav is sour apple and mango ..Defiantly sit at the sushi bar and you won't be disappointed both sushi chefs are amazing "Young" amazing sushi master lol from his crab over and his #7 just can get any better.. The owner "Ji" if you havint met him then you got to meet him great guy congratulations on your first restaurant opening I'm defiantly going to spread the word,but when I come in always expect to have a beer and a sake bomb with my friends and I. If you havint been believe me you won't be disappointed the price is great the staff is amazing defiantly and experience to remember!!
5	Just lovely - stopped by for a quiet spot of lunch and selected a quartet of delightful sushi roll and sashimi the freshness was right on so glad I stopped
5	This place is the absolute best sushi place I have ever been to. Service and staff is so amazing definitely my top 5 restaurants in Vegas so far!!!! The food is incredible!!! Young is the sushi master!!! He is the best at throwing something special together and it never let's us down! The kanji toll is a must try along with yellow sashimi, beef tataki, and Taste like my ex girlfriend roll. Saki bombs are a must here! I suggest sitting at sushi bar cause that's where the funs at! I will never eat sushi anywhere again. I highly recommend this place for a fun time and great sushi!
5	I came here with my girlfriend for dinner after a long day, and we were surprised to see that it wasn't Geisha House anymore! We had a groupon for Geisha House, but the person we spoke to said they would honor it anyways so it was a good start haha!We had never seen what Geisha House was before it became Kanji, so I can't really comment on any change in decor or layout. However, it was a really nice setting with an open floor plan. Very well lit with a modern feel to it.Since we were looking for a more private dinner this time, we sat at a table instead of the teppanyaki grills. We decided to order the Strip steak and Chicken combo plate, the "Secret from my husband" sushi roll (LOL), White tiger roll, spicy tuna roll, and another roll I can't remember the name of. Overall, the combo plate was delicious! The fried rice tasted really good, and the shrimp that came with it was awesome! The sushi was also great and the fish tasted super fresh.The service here was A+ in my books. The waiter was very attentive and came by frequently to fill our cups. He was also very patient with us as we had to spend a little extra time debating what kind of sushi we wanted haha!Overall, my girlfriend and I enjoyed coming here and we will definitely be back!
5	My friend and I were craving sushi and teppanyaki at the same time yesterday so we yelped and decided to try this restaurant. It was AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME :) Chef. Young knew exactly what we wanted. The service was great as well. I tried grand canyon roll, april roll, and mockori roll. All of the rolls were delicious. My friend had steak and shrimp and satisfied with her choice. We recommend this restaurant and we're definitely going back since the service was outstanding and the prices were not bad either.
5	I love this place! The best sake bombs you'll ever taste, amazing staff, exceptional service... Nothing to dislike! Roger is my favorite bartender in Las Vegas; ask him to play with fire at the bartop for you, and you will not be disappointed! Awesomly fresh sushi (creamy shrimp crunch is phenomenal), and the habachi experience is so fun! I frequent here often and never leave unhappy. A truly special restaurant!
5	We are from Seattle where we have amazing sushi so we're pretty particular.  This was hands down probably the best sushi and rolls I've ever had.  I will definitely be going back when I'm in Vegas!
5	Me and my fiance frequent Kanji pretty often. We absolutely love the entire staff they are always so energetic and welcoming, the food is amazing, and the drinks are always fun.... you have to do the sake sake bomb bombs with your friends or your table!
5	Kanji is the best restraunt in Las Vegas!  The entire staff is the most amazing customer service I have seen!  I love bringing my family here on a regular basis as well as my company parties, they can handle any amount if crowd you bring!!Thank you Ji!! Everybody needs to go to KANJI!!!!!
5	Hands down 5 star sushi. The best I've had. Always fresh and exciting new creations. If you're in the southwest this will surely be your new fav, if you're on the other side of town it is definitely worth the drive over and over again. Oh yah, and for the visitors - get off the strip for this place, enjoy a meal with the locals. Great drinks and Unbeatable customer service too! What else do you need to hear? Get in the car and roll!
5	Every time I walk in, Chef Young knows my name and there's always sake bombs involved!  A show at the the sushi bar and definitely a must to order the 6 layer sushi!  Being friends and enjoy! Greeted with a smile everytime and always checked on.  No plates left at the table,  drinks always full and always great conversation!
2	3/20 Thursday - Stopped in to check this place out with the wife and son to get some of the super star sushi and more after reading the super reviews. However it was very strange I asked for 2 orders of UNI and the waitress said we don't have UNI today.  I'm thinking ok let's try the golden scallops hmmm they came out layered in bread cold  and no flavor. The wife orders the 3 course meal seafood hmmm another mistake zero flavor lobster hard as a rock with some sort of sauce on the side. Then some sort of beef liquid soup comes with a few mushrooms on top. Tasted like it was from beef bullion cubes nasty.  Lastly the manager or Ji stops by the table and says come back tomorrow that's when our UNI comes in fresh Friday.. Aaaah no we won't be back....I don't need a free sake to make things alright when you bring the check. I have found most sushi bars that aren't owned by Japanese are substandard.  I have been around the world to a few hundred sushi bars.
5	This is my very favorite sushi restaurant ever! The Kanji roll is amazing! Yung is the BEST sushi chef in Vegas, there is NO competition or comparison. Ji is a great owner, very involved in making sure the customer always has the best experience. Every member of the Kanji family has always been so catering and so welcoming to me and my friends. Top notch food, service and amazing staff, thank you Kanji!
5	What a lovely place! I even redeemed a FREE SAKE BOMB! yay! Loved chef special course called Omakase which including appetizer, sushi, roll, salad, drink, EVERYTHING :) It was way more worth than I expected. I came back with my girl friends for teppanyaki and they also loved! We spent great time at there. Special thanks to Ji, the owner. He has an excellent customer service skills! Will definitely come back :) See you soon, Ji!
5	this has got to be my new favorite spot for sushi. my coworker Joey G., had recommended this spot for our next "team building" outing. we had a blast! Ellen... Yong (excuse my spelling) and the owner Gee(excuse my spelling here too).. are the best. very welcoming and i love the athmosphere. the food was excellent. i can honestly say that the night of food and beverage and all the laughs with great company.. makes this place a MUST!!
5	I like this place for multiple reasons. I have been here multiple times now and each my visits has been very pleasant. First, the wait staff are very polite and very attentitive. I've rarely had to flag anyone down to get anything. Someone is always looking to top off our drinks and ask how everything is going. Second(maybe lastly?), the food is great. I've had many dishes from the teppan side as well as the sushi side. The meat and seafood have always been fresh and cooked perfectly to order. The teppan chefs are entertaining and very pleasant to interact with. We did havr one chef who missed on a few of his tricks but I wont penalize the restaurant for what is essentially free entertainment. ; )Finally! The prices are a bit higher than other places I've been around town but I'm willing to pay the extra cost for the good service, friendly staff, and casual atmosphere. I would definitely and already have recommended this place to my friends!
5	Golden scallops are amazing. Gotta try them. Fried huge scallops with spicy mayo. Great snack while drinking :)
5	My wife and family really enjoyed our dinner. The service was great and the food was even better. They had an array of  specialtie rolls. They were very well staffed as it was very clean. WE WILL BE BACK !
5	Great place! Everyone was friendly and the 'taste my ex girlfriend' roll was really good! I would definitely recommend this place!
5	"SAKE SAKE BOOM BOOM !SAKE SAKE BOOM BOOM !"Oh, not right now? Well, if you had a fun group like we did and everyone was doing sake bombs then that is what you would be chanting before you take your group shot. Remember to out-do any groups surrounding you.. That's what we tried to do. Tip: Try their pomegranate one ;)I have been here before when it was Geisha House and it did NOT impress me so I am glad that it is now Kanji. If you have never tried teppanyaki before then I suggest trying it here so you can see it done right.The staff is attentive, hilarious, and will drink with you. Pro Tip: Do the Ji Shot (thank me later).My favorite starter was the Beef Tataki, great presentation and tasted amazing. The egg rolls and shrimp tempura were also ordered and shared amongst all of us. Our teppan chef was Joshua, who was very skilled and entertaining. He kept our group cracking up the whole time he was cooking our food on the iron griddle. Thanks for giving us food shaped as a big heart, Spongebob, flowers, and all the other things you came up with during the cooking process! It was all so delicious, especially the steak.I will be back for more and to try out the Green Tea Cheesecake that I was too full to order!
5	Great sushi in the burbs! VERY fresh fish.  Amazing hamachi and we also had 6-layer roll which sounded weird with fish and steak but was really tasty.  I'm not a huge raw salmon fan but the salmon lover's roll was awesome. Vegan roll "April" was very tasty and not at all bland like a lot of vegetarian rolls could be.  Easy location to get to and the staff was very attentive and pleasant. The teppanyaki tables looked interesting but I'll stick with the sushi side.
5	Teppanyaki is synonymous with delicious, and Kanji had teppanyaki, so that means... Kanji is delicious!When I walked in with my friend to get some dinner, we were greeted and the staff was quite friendly with me. That always gets good praise in my book! Wouldn't anyone agree that things just get better with a friendly staff?Their teppanyaki menu is fairly simple so nobody should have a real problem deciphering the menu, maybe just figuring out how much and what kind of meat you want, which is where the real challenge lies most of the time. What's awesome is that if you are feeling a little hungrier than normal, instead of getting the basic teppanyaki, they have a combos that come with a drink, an appetizer, and 3 set meats, which is what I got. The Kanji special is personally what I found to be the best thing to get on the menu since it comes with lobster, fillet mignon, and chicken, which is only a little bit extra compared to the other specials and definitely worth it!After ordering, the chef soon came and started the show. My favorite thing he did was the little volcano that he made with the onions which I haven't seen before, and so I though that was quite creative. The meat was all cooked very well. The fillet mignon was tender, along with the chicken and lobster. My friend and I also sampled something from their sushi menu, which was quite delicious! If that was a look into how the rest of their sushi menu is, then I can't see how they would disappoint at all. And for those who like sake... they have flavored options. My friend ordered the pomegranate flavor and boy howdy, that was some good stuff. I know people will enjoy their alcohol here. And if this entices you, you get a free sake bomb with a yelp check in. It was a school day for me when I went, so maybe next time. For normal everyday people, this isn't an everyday kind of restaurant, but I would recommend coming here for special occasions. You won't have a problem with the staff or the quality of the food whatsoever, in which both are excellent. Have some fun every once in a while, kick back, and enjoy a great time with your friends at Kanji!
4	We came to Kanji with a few friends.  And, of course, we started off the night with a couple of drinks.  Sake Bombs and a special drink made by the owner.  Kanji is clean, service is great, and the chef put on a great show at our table. He made a great meal even better by his presentation.  Very visual, from making eggs look like flowers, rice into Square Bob, and the volcano out of the onion rings.  The dinner was not only entertaining but, delicious, from appetizers to main course.    I just wish our group was as loud, as the other table.  Yelling for Sake Bombs.  Next time we'll have to get a little more rowdy.   This is a great place to bring your close friends and get loud with the staff.  The only real negative is that the parking lot is really packed and you have to keep going around in circles looking for a space.  I wish Kanji luck in the future.  The owner and staff are fun and grateful.  Which makes for a great night out.
5	In terms of hibachi restaurant experiences, Kanji is on the top of my list. The large open space has 4 hibachi grills with open seating around them. Yes, you might sit next to a stranger (gasp!), but isn't that half the fun? The staff was excellent and made our evening a joy. Dropping the sake into our sake bombs, being quick with a refill and even taking some flavored sake shots with us. Speaking of, you should def imbibe in a few of those shots. They are delicious and relatively low in potency. The food was excellent as well. The steak was cooked perfectly to order and stayed tender (I always find that food cooked on a hibachi grill it hardens up rather quickly), scallops were large, beef tataki was tatasty and the fried rice and accompanying sauces were great accompaniments to the meat. I've had quite a few hibachi chef's who come in, do their routine and then walk off like nothing happened. That wasn't the case here. Our dude, was crackin' jokes, talking to us, making some new rice art (Sponge Bob!) and an all around good dude.  Grab a group of friends and head on over here! (Just make sure you go low sodium for a few days after). Protip: free sake bomb with Yelp check-in!
5	I came here for my 25th birthday dinner on Friday! I have to say, this place was amazing! The service was the best I received during my vacation in Las Vegas & the food was amazing! My drink never got low and the cook was so funny. I will definitely be stopping here every Vegas trip I make!
4	Love this place been here a few times, usually get  a free sake bomb (with check in) the Johnny Roll (no rice)Caterpillar RollYellowtail Lover (didn't care for much)Taste My ExGirlfriendCucumber SaladHouse SaladFree miso soups (for lunch)
5	I'm just an avid Sushi lover in a town filled with Japanese-influenced cuisine, but it isn't as easy to find a great restaurant for such a raw delicacy as you might think. Furthermore, it is even more difficult to find a place that has delicious cocktails, scrumptious food, great and welcoming staff, AND a vivacious ambience. Do i need to say anymore? Come see why Kanji has such a high rating for yourself.
2	I was really looking forward to trying this place it had good reviews and wasn't too far from home.It was a week day around 5 and it was pretty empty so we got a hibachi grill to ourselves. We put our orders in and not too long later we got some miso soup which was  different from most miso but I liked it. The salad was the typical salad with ginger dressing. The chef came out shortly after I think his name was Joshua. He did the normal shtick but was very dry, didn't  have much "stage presence". We didn't get the choice of white or fried rice like you do at most other trepan restaurants. He made us fried rice, it was really nothing special.  The rice seemed old. Doug got the steak done medium. And I got shrimp and chicken. The shrimp was okay, they don't cook it with the sauce which made it a bit bland, and my chicken, was way over cooked, very dry and had no taste. I don' t think he likes to use seasoning. We even hinted to him to add more butter but he didn't take the hint. The steak was cooked okay but again had no seasoning. It was bad. We were asked multiple times if everything was okay, I finally explained to the girl what I felt. She said "oh sorry, I guess our reviews hyped us up too much". Really!?I wanted to try their sushi at some time but I don't know if I want to even spend my money there again.
5	As far as hibachi places go, this one will have to be in my top three. We went for mother's day on Sun and it was pretty empty. I don't think people realized that they had special hours for that day, but it was nice since it felt like we had the whole restaurant to ourselves. The place was very clean and nicely decorated. The ambiance was perfect! Even the bathrooms were really clean, and that says a lot about an establishment!!! The staff was very nice and attentive. Our hibachi chef was very entertaining and interactive. The miso soup was a hit, it was unlike the normal miso soup... Even my husband and cowboy step dad ate the whole thing! The food was excellent! Portions were more than enough. I had the filet minion, lobster, and shrimp. The sauces that went along with each were soooooooo yummy. I would definitely come here again and would highly recommend!
5	Excellent, quick & friendly service.  Great food.  We ordered 6 different items of sushi during happy hour & was done eating in 40 mins.
4	We'll be back!  Good sushi, good service, nice atmosphere.
5	Everything is always delicious! The rice is the best ever, and I typically hate rice, but here it's seasons perfect and has a little crunch. One of my families favorite places!
5	This is absolutely NOT the place to come for teppanyaki - that is mediocre, at best!!!  This is the place to come for SUSHI!  Young, the sushi samurai is amazing and always wants to please.  I don't do menus, I negotiate my meal, I tell Young exactly what I want to eat (by ingredient) and he always makes sushi that far exceeds my expectations.  The sushi quality and creativity are outstanding and I bring ALL of my friends here for that reason.  If you like sushi, come to this lovely place, with the most friendly staff and enjoy some of Young's creations!
5	Great place. Only one other couple there. Impressive table chef ! It's like Benihana only..... without the crowd and all the noise. Great fresh food. I'll go back next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Had the chicken bento box.  Chicken was fresh.  Salad was disappointing.  Rolls were good.
5	Great food great service Ji is awesome makes your sushi and conversates. Sushi is super yummy
5	Love the food and LOVE GEORGE!!!!! Awesome cook and entertainer! Definitely will be back!
5	I'm a beginner when it comes to sushi aka I have no idea what tempura, sashimi, etc., means. We asked the waitress what the most popular orders were and selected 2 since we weren't that hungry. Ordered Taste My Ex Girlfriend and Kanji Roll.The Kanji Roll was AMAZING. 10/10. Must-try. Ex-Girlfriend was okay. Definitely going back to try hibachi and the lunch bentos. That's already 2 promised future visits, in addition to wanting to taste the Kanji Roll again :)
4	Love this place! So good, just got takeout and it was fresh and only took around 10 minutes. Good price and large portions! Will defiantly be back!!
5	Good happy hour. Kanji roll is awesome. Great fresh salmon and Philadelphia roll. Will come back again! Check in on yelp and get a free sake bomb.
4	I have a weekly craving for sashimi more than sushi and oh so expensive habit!  New to LV I'm exploring off the strip -  Kanji is a hidden jewel.  I went for an early dinner to avoid the crowd, sat at the bar and looked at the menu - no Seaweed Salad and no hand rolls! I started chatting about it to Chef Yung and he said he would still prepare it for me!!! I ordered Sake and asked him to join me - Kampai!  Fresh & crunchy seaweed salad and the most divine Unagi Hand roll followed by sake!  Topping it off with a 10 PC sashimi platter and he treated me to complimentary fresh wasabi OMG!  I asked him about the Sake bomb free for checking in on Yelp!  I passed - beer and sake are deadly hangovers for me :( Sashimi was pure heaven, melted in my mouth.  Folks it's happy hour from 4-7pm.  It's a fairly spacious place, family environment & first dates to test if you want a second date LOL.  Waitress was attentive and greeter at entrance seated me promptly.  I will be taking a friend there soon on a busy crowded night - hope Chef Yung remembers me :D lots of parking and other businesses to get a foot massage, nail salon etc.
5	Awesome place. Great service, Free mango sake, fun atmosphere,  very clean too. Sushi was fresh, creative & tastes amazing.
4	Very fresh sushi. We ordered the kanji roll and the vampire roll. The SO sauce is phenomenal. We went at 8 pm on a Monday and we were the only people on the restaurant
5	So so so good awesome sushi chef and the service is outstanding definitely stop by if you are in the area!!!
5	Free sake bomb with check in. Yes please. Had a great time with the hubby. We got sat down quick on a Friday night. Ordered the flavored sake sampler which was really good. Ordered few more sake bombs as well. We didn't have to wait for anyone else to arrive. I ordered sushi and hubby ordered steak. Perfect combo! The tuna poke was soo good. The servers were really nice and accommodating. They did forget our drink orders a couple times but everyone makes mistakes. There is a yogurt shop across the street and even through we were stuffed we walked over there. Overall great night. Place is next to DW BIstro. They say it's hit or miss on how busy they are so I wouldn't worry about making a reservation unless you have a big group.
5	I've had Kanji bookmarked, so when my friends asked where we should go, I made the suggestion. Yelpers didn't let me down this time, yay!! We chose the sushi side. The food was all wonderfully fresh and tasty, our favorite was the Kanji Roll. Kudos to a wonderful sushi chef! Great service as well, our waitress and other girls that helped bring stuff out were all fast, efficient, helpful and friendly. At the end of our meal, the nice chef offered us a complimentary roll, everyone was full but we were not going to turn it down. Everything was perfect...I can't wait to return over and over!
1	I came here for a meet up so we had the patio to ourselves. But it was hot and humid outside, they don't have misters or even fans. And there were flies on the tables. They didn't automatically give us soy sauce and wasabi for d rolls, we had to ask. They were understaffed. It took a good half hour for them to bring out my spider roll. It was just alright. And it took 25 minutes to get my check. Actually I asked d guy 3 times to give me my check until I just couldn't stay any longer I had to get up and wait for them at the counter.
5	So delicious!! The 3 course meal is amazing-highly recommend it!! Not to mention they carry our favorite sake, Bonzai Bunny in Blueberry. Love that it's so good and so close to home. =)
5	Awesome food! Love kanji roll, and fried rice were great too!Very clean place, friendly staff, it was great!
2	We order take out from here once a week, we have ordered over 15 times. Not once has the food been ready at the stated time. We even now go 10 minutes after the stated time and it's still not ready when we arrive. I asked the manager what the deal was and she stated "the chef doesn't like to make it till you arrive. "  Defeats the purpose of take out. They advised me to state over the phone I want it ready when I arrive! So now I do, and it's still never ready. That's no one's fault but management. Lame
5	We came here once for the hibachi. Steak and shrimp...yum! And had a pretty amazing experience. While we were waiting we ordered sushi, specifically the kanji roll. It was AMAZING. We knew we had to go back and try all the sushi. Which we did. Holy cow. Taste my Ex Girlfriend is probably the best sushi roll I ever had. We also did the hulk, the vampire, and a couple other rolls I forgot. Even though they have a limited selection of specialty rolls, each one was handcrafted perfectly. This has officially become our new favorite sushi spot. On top of it all, we went during happy hour where all sushi rolls are 30% off, so the bill didn't even break $50 for 6 rolls. Much cheaper than AYCE sushi we usually get.
5	This became our Sushi Spot. The atmosphere is awesome. The food is simply amazing. The staff Is super awesome. Everyone is so friendly & attentive. They have an awesome Happy Hour. Prices are on point. Oh did we tell you how much we lovvvveeeee this place?
4	The food was so delicious, the small plates are a must, the white tuna tasted like butter with the basil dressing. Don't forget to order the butter mochi for dessert. The sake bomb was free with a yelp check in. This place has a nice ambiance, servers are friendly and helpful with the menu.
5	I'm in love!! Went here just for the grill and thought I'd try their sushi out. Im a little picky when it comes to sushi since I eat so much of it. It was so fresh! And their spicy garlic edemame was amazing! We got a filet and (I think lobster) from the grill.... And their rice.. YUMMYYYY! Always very entertaining when making out food. And the servers have always been nice and quick service. Also they are always sweet and understanding to my not so well behaved toddler. Never had any reason to leave less than 25% tip. If I can afford to I usually side tip the chef grilling since they do so much work Are friendly and entertaining. My husband and I are both servers and are always impressed. it is a little pricey for us otherwise we would be there a lot more!!
5	Best sushi in Las Vegas. HANDS DOWN. I am so lucky to live close to Kanji. My favorite rolls are What the Heck and the Kanji. We also love the filet mignon and lobster hibachi.
4	We went to this sushi place late Friday night.  It is a pretty big place, loved the music lol. We ordered the "vampire roll" (one of my favorite), "taste my ex girlfriend roll" (also delicious), the "beef tataki" I did not really care for it ( meat tasted like it was cook in the microwave), house salad (good dressing). Our server was nice ( a little slow for an empty place). We will definitely go back for the sushi rolls, they were so fresh. Probably one of the best I had.
5	This time we did the teppanyaki and we were not disappointed!  Tons of food & really good too!!
5	Love Kanji! We have their sushi once a week. The Kanji and Taste My Ex Girlfriend rolls are so yummy. The ingredients are very fresh and we have never been let down by any of their rolls. We usually order togo, but the ambiance is very nice if you eat inside and the service is great. You won't be disappointed!
5	so  i was in the south west of town and went to kanji steak house.And had the Soy wings and the ono  basil.And a couple of signature drinks and it was awesome.taste was great and the staff was friendly.And no hesitation ill be back for the taste.Tthank you kanji.
5	So, My wife and I often frequent this restaurant. However, before I begin my review, you'll need to know that over the course of the past few months, there have been many changes to the restaurant. The hours have changed considerably, along with their Head Chef, and Menu. All of these things, I feel are for the better. The atmosphere feels different with the new menu. The food items on the menu seem  more thought out and intentional than they used to be. No more run-of-the-mill items on the dinner menu. With these new menu changes come new prices, and portions. The prices have gone up a bit and the portions have decreased.(Dinner Items only, Teppanyaki and Sushi have remained the same price and portion, which is great!) The sense that I get from these new food items is that they are for enjoyment and not necessarily to fill ones belly. It's all about the flavor now! Presentation has increased dramatically as well. Every dish seems artfully prepared and presented in an appealing and clean manner. Now, on to the dishes that I had and remember. My wife and I attended a taste test session for their new menu. I believe we received a total of 8 dishes including dessert. I'll do my best to go over them and explain what they are!(Not in the order in which we received them)First, I believe was the Tuna Poke. The fish was fresh and lightly seasoned. It was presented into a perfectly fried wonton bowl. The portion we received was bite sized and perfect for a single person. (I have not had this outside of the tasting, so I don't know if portions vary) This occurred a few months ago, so I don't exactly recall the specific flavors, only that it was a bit tangy/sour. It went well with the fried wonton. Next, was smoked salmon and I believe smoked tuna or yellowtail(I honestly can't recall right now!) paired with assorted veggies and/or fruit. The salmon came wrapped around greens with a sprig or two on top. The sauce was a kind of orange, citrus-like sauce. Worked surprisingly well with a smoked salmon. The other dish, the fish was rolled separately from the veggies, which also included apples if I remember correctly. The tart of the apple really worked with the smoked fish and the sauce. Next, I believe, we had a baked sea bass with green beans. The Sea bass and clean and buttery. Very mild on the pallet, while the green bean seemed to have been pickled. It had a very sharp vinegar taste that at first, was quite offensive to the pallet. Then you immediately take a bite of the Sea Bass and you forget how tangy the green bean was. They really balanced each other out. Next, we had the Short Rib. The Short Rib was expertly cooked, the portions weren't anything to write home about, but again, this was a menu tasting, not a full blown meal. However, the meat was delicious. It came on a bed of a light sauce that really accentuated the full savory flavor of the beef. On top were deep friend garlic flakes. At first I thought these were almond flakes, but they definitely had a sweetness and kick to them that only garlic could. Next, we had 30 hour pork. This pork was melt in your mouth good. Resting on a bed of Zucchini noodles, the savoriness of the pork with the tangy sauce on the noodles really created an interesting balance in flavors and textures. The meat breaks apart at each chew, while the noodles resist and give a nice crunch. A very interesting piece that I would definitely like to enjoy again. Next, we had an eggplant salad. Personally, I am not a huge fan of eggplant. The only way I've ever really enjoyed eggplant was when it was covered in cheese, marinara, and then deep fried. The eggplant salad was very palatable, the texture of the eggplants was soft and very giving. The greens carried a freshness and pleasant tang to them. A quick snap from the pickled onions. Finally, we have the dessert. The Butter Mochi. If I understood this correctly, this is all made in-house by the Head Chef. The Mochi doesn't carry the typical presentation, but it lays beautifully atop a bed of Coconut Custard. The richness of the Butter Mochi and chilled temperature and taste of the Coconust Custard go really well together. THe mochi usually comes out warm, while the Custard is nice and cold. The pairing seems to go well together and i am always left desiring more. The price can become a little steep if you forget yourself, but the new menu is amazing and definitely worth trying. The new Head Chef really seems to know what he is doing. He also seems much more adventurous with his creations. All in All, I would definitely recommend this place for dinner!
3	Only two very small bites of fatty meat on the Korean rib, and it cost $14 plus tax and tip.  That gets an F.  The pork sandwich was tasty and fairly priced.  The sushi was good.  The service got a B-.
4	Very tasty rolls, sushi chefs very friendly and loved the 90's R&B music as well haha. I will be back for teppan
4	We've been here twice and both times had sushi, which was wonderful. Their happy hour specials are decent and I would definitely recommend stopping by and trying them out. Next time we go we're going to try their hibachi which going by their sushi should be pretty damn good. Oh, don't forget to check in to get your free sake bomb!
5	One of the best places to eat sushi in LV!we started off with an order of sashimi plate. It was delicious... very fresh, big pieces, just the way I like it. The wasabi was freshly made so it was naturally sweet and spicy... very different from wasabi from a tube.We ordered the 30 hour boiled pork. OMG! Couldnt and didnt stop talking about this dish the whoooole night. If you are there, it is a MUST order dish. All my praises to the chef who came up and put together all the ingredients into this one plate. We had the black bean noodle. It is one of my usual favorite foods I like to eat but this one was different. It had a distinctive flavor that made me talk about it, again,... the whoooole night.The Kanji roll was very good. The shrimp tempura was amazing. The creme burlee was well made. Hot sake was excellent!To finish the night we had a cocktail that tasted like gummy bear. Another must get to finish off the night.Go, and enjoy what the chef had put together.
5	EDIT 12/2/2014: Chef Hong no longer works there.  BoooooooI will definitely be a regular now that Chef Hong (ex-Moko) is bringing out his inventive dishes at Kanji.  The former Geisha House location comes off like an Epcot Center restaurant for Japanese food.  The multiple teppanyaki stations, large sushi bar, block wood furniture, full bar, high ceilings and bright lights are very welcoming.  The complimentary sake bomb (one of the best Yelp check-in offers currently) only enhance that feeling.  Like an amazing movie sequel (very rare), all of Hong's beloved edible characters are here: beef short ribs, 30 hour pork belly, shrimp risotto, in-house smoked fish etc.  They're now being presented with some new and interesting twists from his original, wizardly recipes.  What stay consistent are the flavors, quality and creativity.  There are also some new plates like the excellent miso glazed Chilean seabass and 7 hour pork shoulder.  Seriously.....find me a local sushi joint that's pushing out entrees like these and I will wear a Britney Spears shirt for a week.  They don't offer AYCE sushi, but the nigiri I've tried has been of excellent quality.  We were informed that they receive fresh shipments every two days which is pretty remarkable.  Kanji also offers a killer late night happy hour from 10pm-2am Monday through Saturday that I plan on checking out pretty soon.
4	A short while back, I heard through the grapevine that the Chef Hong from Moko had recently joined the team at Kanji. I enjoyed the food at Moko and was excited to try the food at his new digs. Unfortunately, by the time you are reading this review, Chef Hong has left the building. But on a brighter note, many of the changes he had implemented are in place, and even without him being there, I liked what I saw at the "new" Kanji.Kanji offers many different kinds of eating experiences that are sure to please the palette. First, you have traditional sushi, where you can order nigiri, and hand rolls, and other items typically seen at a sushi restaurant. Then, you have teppanyaki, or as I like to call it, dinner and a show, where a chef will cook for you in front of your eyes, and will also interact with fun tricks (did anyone say volcano onion?) And lastly, they offer modern asian-style entrees and appetizers, ones that if you are familiar with Moko, will know.Since Chef Hong wasn't there, I decided to go with the teppanyaki route. If you had never been to a teppanyaki, I would highly recommend that you try Kanji's. Our chef was funny and chill. I ordered the chicken and beef combo. I then received the yelp check in offer for a sake bomb. What was kinda different was that they let us choose from about 5 different flavored sake's. I've only had a straight up one, so I was curious about the mango flavor. Hesitant at the fact that the mango flavor would not go well with the beer, I was surprised by how well they went together.We were then given our soup and salad. Pretty basic teppanyaki flair, but did the job serviceably. The soup was good, and the salad was crisp. Then the chef started cooking the fried rice. I thought that the flavor was good, however, the rice was slightly undercooked. Then the proteins came next. The chicken was moist and well seasoned and so was the beef. I enjoyed it a lot. Our chef then cooked the veggies. They are a little heavy on the zucchini here, not my thang, but I thought it all tasted pretty good. The chef from the kitchen then sent us out a special of shrimp tempura that had been wrapped with a piece of tuna. Mikey likey.I don't do teppanyaki very often because it gives me flashbacks of my crazy first job in the kitchen as a rebellious teenage boy in Ellicott City, MD. But, if I were to chose any place to go for it, Kanji would definitely be at the top of my list.
5	Kanji and ALL the staff continues to serve at the highest level!! We feel like family every time we go!
2	We decided to come here for my sisters birthday under the impression it was still named geisha house since LVAC members receive a 10% discount, spoke to the waitress who relayed it to their manager and applied the 10% discount to our bill. They stated after agreeing to apply it they're are cheaper then geisha house, great we thought. Come to find out the portions of the food is tini (probably why they're cheaper), service was horrible, didn't receive our drinks till we reminded them of our order or even received refills. The only pleasant thing about the restaurant was the cook. Never will return here again!!!!!
5	Fantastic food....Jay the head chef was awesome and the food was unbelievable....I highly recommend the Kanji special...the best of everything..for what you get the price is more than reasonable
4	Always a favorite spot for great apps and sushi. Sake selection is amazing. Best Gyoza's in town! Still have yet to find time for Paint Nite.
