5	We reserved one of Sho-dan's private, upstairs dining rooms. Even though we were isolated, service was ever-present, personable, and kept our water glasses topped off. This downtown Montreal restaurant is chic, lounge music piped through to complete their "chicness". They were busy that Friday, with most table and sushi bar seating filled. (Speaking of bars, I had a glass of white, and tried a tasty lycheetini.)The highlight of Sho-dan's arsenal is their assortment of specialty "concept" rolls which can be extreme in presentation, and atypical in taste, even to the most seasoned sushi ranger. My friends are Japanese restaurant enthusiasts and loved the quality of cuisine, from the tempura, to the slices of raw goodness, down to the perfectly matching sauces for each dish. Don't forget to get dessert sushi - the mango one is amazing.Dinner at Sho-dan blew my MIND. Be warned, prices are higher than average, but it's worth splurging for, just this once. (Credit cards accepted.)
5	While I only went there during lunch, this Japanese restaurant was always consistently very good. The fish is always of excellent quality and the service is great. Well worth the price.
3	Came here for dinner while on a business trip to Montreal. It was recommended to me by a colleague, with a substantial amount of hype. Whenever superlatives such as "best" are used, you tend to walk in with high expectations. The ambiance was trendy and chic. The menu offers run-of-the-mill sashimi/sushi as well as specialty rolls, which averaged ~$18-$25 each. I had the Besame Mucho roll and Lips. My friend had the Mango-Tango.The Besame roll was somewhat tasteless and got old fast after the 3rd piece. The Lips/Mango Tango rolls were much better, but nothing above and beyond what I've had at other sushi places. All in (incl. drinks, dessert, tip), the meal was $100+. Not astronomical, but not cheap either.As an aside, they didn't have Toro sashimi. Maybe Toro is in short supply in Montreal, but if you want to be considered a high-end sushi restaurant, not having Toro on the menu sets you back.Bottom line: Decent sushi/rolls, but given the hype and the price, I expected more.
3	I was here twice.  The first time, my friend from Montreal wanted to introduce me to a "hip sushi joint" so she took me to Shodan.  We had four of the specialty rolls- I don't remember all of the names, but one was like pizza with tuna as topping.  Tuna was dry at the edges, watery and tasteless.  We had mango tango, which was ok- nothing too great.  Maybe an extra point for the novelty (shrimp tempura & mango) and presentation, but nothing extraordinary about the taste.  The other two were pretty much the same- looks pretty and different, but didn't taste anywhere near amazing to deserve the price.  Between the two of us, we paid $90 something for four specialty rolls including tax & tip for lunch.  Then I took one of my friends, because she wanted sushi for dinner and  this was the only sushi place I knew that was within walking distance from my apartment.  We had 5 regular rolls - salmon rollx2, California roll, negihama roll, shrimp tempura roll- a miso soup, a green salad, and green tea.  The bill came up to be about $75 including tax and tip. Fish were of decent quality.  Decent service. Tea was good.  Miso soup sucked.  Salad was ok.  Definitely not meeting the expectation for the price.For all the hype, is this the best you can do Montreal?  Really?
5	Get a private room and make sure your order the specialties. I really like the Phoenix, Tuna Flower and Besame Mucho. Incredible.
1	Another see & be seen place that concentrates more on the decor than the food.Please, they have rolls with, names like "the lawyer" & "lips"Most of the items are so dressed up with mayo, pineapple and other ingriendents, is this a salad or sushi?I went with 4 coworkers and we all ordered the Omakase (chefs choice)The sashimi and and rolls were warm. The rice was so warm it must have just came out of the cooker.The fish did not taste overly fresh and the rolls were quite bland.Not worth the money or time, much better sushi can be found in Montreal.Wished the pretty decor and good service extended to the food!Shodan, no please Sho- me- the- door so I can leave quickly!
1	PROS:1. Service is quick.2. I think this resto caters to a Westerner demographic and makes sushi seem...chic-ier? However it was just nooot my scene.CONS:1. Sushi was nothing special. Indistinguishable from one of those take home sushi containers from a mall sushi booth. Incredibly overpriced.2. I personally felt the decor was more suited for serving Italian food and found it odd to eat sushi there. I prefer more authentic presentations (refer to Jiro's resto in Tokyo for the real deal).OVERALL-I wasn't impressed and don't recommend it for sushi
3	Good food but not worth the price
4	I was just here for a workday lunch with a newborn baby and I gotta say, I was relieved and very pleased by the service. After trying to get reservations at places that flat out told us no babies, our hopes were not set super high for this mid-week scheme. But Sho-Dan sat us so the stroller could be comfortably next to mom, never rushed or shushed the little squaller, and served up the chef's sushi special quick, fresh and quite delicious. Everyone was in suits and the scene was white and grey to match, but the overall vibe was smiling, casual and friendly, maybe because the people who needed to be in private rooms for hardworkin' lunches had that option so they weren't on the floor with the rest of us? Anyway, whatever it was, it was satisfying and much appreciated.
5	I dream of the besame mucho roll and the kamikazi. I can't wait to return so I can come back and have them. The besame mucho consists of tempura flakes merged with salmon and tuna along with avocado and shrimp, wrapped in crispy rice wrap rather than seaweed. Absolutely delicious. Highly recommended.
4	Really excellent sushi. But please choose the specials and not the normal sushi (like California). Also some very interesting combination, like sushi ingredients on a taco. I like it!
3	solid offering - you can do betterfood reviews from 2010 and01 were spot on, though i didn't think1 star is a fair rating...5 of us went there for dinner upon a recommendation....server said not possible to get  california style roll unless we had "maki"     (seaweed cone)- then they served it on another person's plate....my order was also messed up - told the senior person on our section "no mayo or spicy rolls - just fish" the plate came back with a big mayo dressed mixture on it - promptly sent it back.....a place that charges $40 a person pre tip should have better service than this...
4	Some of the best sushi I've had! Really creative pieces and dishes I've never had before. Great combination of sauces as well. Love especially how their sushi is wrapped in lettuce..so you really get the taste of the fish vs the rice.
3	First dinner in Montreal and hotel concierge recommended.A very nice and elegant decor, a bit upscale but not too over the top.You felt they honored great service.  The sushi on the menu seemed pretty normal to me but a bit on the pricey side for what you are ordering....presentation is their strength and we were very pleased with that.  The sizzling Black Cod was amazing and a generous portion.  Sushi for two with two glasses of wine, $89.  It hit the spot though.
4	Best sushi in town. Having our office Christmas dinner there every year. Good service, good ambiance
4	Our hotel recommended this sushi place and made a reservation for us on a Friday night at 9 PM.  The restaurant is upscale, with a great cozy ambiance.  The service is great.  Someone or the other kept checking if there was enough water in our glass.They do have a couple of vegetarian sushi options.  However, there is no edamame.  I have never been to a sushi restaurant that doesn't serve edamame, but oh well.I ordered the following:- Miso Soup: Very good.- Vegetable Roll: This was delicious - it had radish, avocado, cucumbers, and carrots.- Radish Roll: This was not on the menu, but I wanted a small roll and asked if they could make a radish roll for me. Delicious.- For dessert, we had one of their signature dessert with ice-cream and fried chocolate.  It was amazing...we finished off the whole plate. It was $17, which we found out later when we got the bill.  They don't have a separate dessert menu...maybe they don't want customers to know how much their desserts cost :)Overall - a great dinner option with good vegetarian options.  Its pricey, so be prepared for a high check.  Loved the food, service, and the ambiance.
5	Had a wonderful experience at Sho-dan! My boyfriend and I went for date night and had such a wonderful meal. I would highly recommend getting the lips (tuna tartar on top of a fried basil leaf), the Phoenix, and the Besame mucho. All were fantastic. The atmosphere was perfect for a nice dressed up date night without being too stuffy. Loved it!
1	This place is like Japanese food for white people. The food is terrible and expensive. Very bad service. Took reminding 4 times to get some ice water.
5	Very original dishes and a nice ambiance! A perfect place for a business meeting and for the fish lovers!
4	4 stars because this place is pricey. Food was awesome! Really fresh, unique and so tasty. Probably the best sushi place I have ever been to.I had the Besame mucho and a crispy tofu appetizer. I definitely recommend those dishes.  If you're feeling fancy, go there :)
