4	I've been taking my clothes here for over 3 years and have never had an issue.  They raised their prices to $2.25 BUT you can sign up for their coupons which brings it to $1.75 a piece.
1	Cannot believe the poor service I just received! I brought in 3 ties yesterday to be dry-cleaned, and went in to pick them up today and two of them were actually dirtier than when I dropped them off! The original stains were from past drummers (I have a rock n roll band) sweating through the ties during summer shows. The new stains were from Eldorado Cleaners pressing the still-dirty ties. The ties looked as if they had only been pressed, not cleaned. When I asked the check-out lady if I could receive a discount for not being able to take them home today, she said "We're already re-doing them for you for free, that's two times labor so we are already losing money." Lies, lies, 1950s lies. I can't stand these kind of businesses. Of course I received the classic, "If we spot clean them it might remove some of the color, and that might be why they didn't spot clean them in the first place." Yeah, whatever. I would have been better off washing them in the sink with Woolite. BTW, the check-out lady couldn't have been more stereotypical dry-cleaner/laundromat style with her Transitions lenses and salt-n-pepper hairdo.
5	I just recently moved out of town and I am missing Eldorado!  You will not find this price (I always would use their coupons) anywhere else. And my clothes (jeans, sun dresses, work suits, etc.) were always perfect. I even took my old winter coats and they made them look like new!  I have never taken my ball gowns and expensive dresses there. But they are perfect for your everyday type of cleaning.
3	A four star rating for their cleaning quality. Three stars overall because their customer service is a bit strange. I was never greeted when I came in and whenever I try to pay with my card I am given attitude by who over has to do the transaction. I get it...you guys prefer cash.  Relatively cheap. I'll continue going here until I find somewhere else more convenient.
1	terrible service; pay with debit card and get an attitude plus an additional $1 for the privilege.  Typical service of a business that couldn't care less, and think THEY are doing YOU the favor.   Do YOURSELF a favor and go somewhere they actually value their customers.  Here they DO NOT!!
5	I love this place! It's a bit too far from my house so I have been trying out other places that are closer, and I have come to the conclusion that it is worth the extra drive. Once you sign up for their email service it's only $1.75 per item! Of course there are a few exceptions, but in 6 years I've never had anything that didn't qualify for it. I just show them my email, you don't have to bring in a printed out copy. You do have to wait 3 days to pick up your items, but I usually wait a week anyway. It's always the same ladies that work the front, so once they know you it's quick. I lost my receipt once and it took a little longer to pick up. They had to look for my ticket through my phone number instead, and then I had to show my driver license so they could check that it matched. This made me feel good that they don't just trust anyone to walk away with my clothes!
