3	According to what I've heard from people who have lived here longer that I have, this mall has seen it's better days.  When I went there for the first time it seemed like a lot of other malls I've seen.  There are a lot more urban themed shoppes than other malls, and it has an ice skating rink.  I'm not sure when it opens but I'll definitely be trying it when I find out.  This place may be past it's hay day, but it still has a few surprises in store.
1	...and this chit-hole is still open??  WHY???  Must be so the gang-bangers have a place to conduct target practice.
3	A lot of folks are talking trash about Eastland Mall and I understand their concerns.  However, I think that the mall has some fun things to offer.  For example, they have great mixtapes of local MCs being swapped hand to hand outside some of the stores.  If you are an LRG fan, this is one of the only places to find these clothes in Charlotte (unless you are shopping online).  I will admit there has been a problem with crime here, but honestly there is a cop on every corner and I seriously doubt anything will happen to patrons of this mall.  I used to ice-skate here as a kid, and I still have to show love for Eastland.
1	Unfortunately, I live near Eastland Mall. The place is in shambles, and while I like the prices at some of the ghetto-tastic clothing stores enough that I sometimes venture in there, I've mostly stopped going all together. I tried to use the Radio Shack in this mall to get help with my Sprint Cell phone, and the music in the store was so loud I couldn't get the staff to hear me. The guy behind the desk, who I later discovered was a manager, acted as if I were disturbing him.I've gotten my eyebrows waxed at Foxy Nails, and the price was right...but again, the service was a little lacking.
2	For a Mall that's closing down and doesn't have any anchor stores left it's ok for what it is- although the mall is dead there are still some specialty shops that one could go to if they really needed something
1	The Dillard's Clearance Center was great before it closed, and the Sears is convenient (although closing) if you need things that Sears sells but otherwise, unless you like "urban" stores or have a need for numerous athletic shoe stores, there's no reason to go here. Belk, Chick-fil-A, Gap and other mall staples- all gone.
1	MALL CLOSEDJune 30, 2010RIP
3	When I moved to Charlotte, Eastland Mall was not a bad place.  Perhaps not great, but really not all that bad.  In fact, a friend and I would plan our regular holiday shopping extravaganza for one Saturday each year, as it was never terribly busy, the store selection was solid, parking was ample, and we could get in and out quickly with presents for everyone.  If we wanted, we could even go ice skating or see a movie.Over the years, we watched as one store after another (both anchors and those in the middle of the mall) were shuttered.  Some reopened.  Others did not.  In a bold move, one anchor - the former JCPenney - first turned into an outlet, then split into separate stores, with a Burlington on top and several other stores on the bottom.  The ice skating rink turned into an indoor soccer field.  Nothing helped.Charlotte City Council said they were trying to help too, first by purchasing options to buy anchor stores, and later building a transit center on the mall property (which still stands).  They promised to remake the mall into a community center.  As things declined, this seemed like more and more of a possibility.  But as the price fell, so to did the likelihood of anything ever happening.  Eventually, the mall sold to an out-of-state bidder in foreclosure court for $2 million.The bad news is that the anchor stores are still owned by others.  Yes, someone can actually own the mall itself - those hallways between the anchor stores - while other companies own the large anchor stores (other entities actually own chunks of the parking lot and surrounding parcels).  This makes rebuilding the property that much harder.At least there are always those warm memories of gunshots on warm summer nights.
3	Its difficult to review a location which is essentially a shell. I find myself guarding this shell with a number of other people till it is reborn. It still fills a number of functions for the community. There is a transportation hub for buses on the Central Ave. side of the mall. The parking lots have seen parents teaching children how to drive, busses dropping off children to their parents and multiple cut throughs for the residents in the neighborhoods behind the mall.
5	Best mall ever
