4	Now, granted, I only hit balls on the driving range, but it was extremely sandy.  Other than that, the parking is good, the facility is nice and it wasn't too crowded.  Then again, it was about 105 degrees so only the nutjobs were out (me and my husband and about three other nutjobs).  I've never played the course but when I do, I'll notify all the drivers on McQueen of driving hazards via electric roadsigns.
2	I played this course yesterday for the first time in a couple years and was reminded why it had been so long even though it is fairly close to my home.  The condition was ok as was the staff and service.  My complaint about this course is the layout, too many of the holes feel contrived with a goofy golfish usage of mounding, routing and hazards.  In the end I wonder if they are trying to hide the fact that developers had shortchanged the course to gain more land for houses.
3	Kokopelli is an alright, but not great, course.  They have some interesting designs, although you do feel a little trapped in at times.  Highlights are the 10th hole, which, if you play from the tips, requires a 100 yard or so carry over the lake; the 15th-17th holes, which are right next to each other and provide a nice venue for taunting other teams during tournaments; and (I believe) the third hole (or maybe it's the fifth hole), with a water hazard right in front of the green.There are also plenty of opportunities to hit houses on this course, so be careful.  On the seventh hole, I sliced one right into McQueen road (thankfully there were no cars driving by at the time).It's also a good idea to park on the north end of the parking lot, if possible.  The ninth hole is right by the south end of the parking lot, and right in the path of overhit balls (one of my colleagues did that at our company outing, although it didn't hit any cars).
1	Played here for the third time...and I've definitely changed my tune.  There are three reasons I never want to play here again.First, they treat you like cattle.  They cram as many people in there as they can.  The tee times are close together, the staff doesn't really care or they're clueless (one of the staff members told us our guest doesn't get a discount, despite the fact that we are platinum Eagle card holders), and they don't tell you important things like there being a tournament happening while you are playing.  Anything to make a few extra bucks, right?Second, the layout on two holes is dangerous.  If you hit an errant drive on the 13th hole, it can very easily land on the 14th tee box.  And the 17th hole is placed such that a miss to the right can easily hit the 16th tee box, and a miss to the left can easily hit the 18th tee box.  You have to constantly be on the lookout on those last few holes.Finally, the clientele are a bunch of clowns.  Every time I play, there is a group behind or in front that causes problems (slow play, hitting into you, etc.).  Never had those problems elsewhere.  True story, we played this morning, and twice the group behind us hit into us.  On the 13th hole, I was standing no more than 250 yards from the tee, IN PLAIN VIEW, and I hear someone yell.  Someone's drive lands about ten feet from me and speeds right by.  Of course I turn around and stare the guy down, holding my club up in the air just to let him know that I'm not happy about this.  But I give him the benefit of the doubt...Maybe he didn't look at the GPS and thought I was farther out?  But then the last guy in the foursome hits his drive!  Of course it lands half way between me and one of the other guys in our group.  This guy just watched his colleague almost hit me, and he goes ahead and hits anyways!  One of the guys in our group kindly pointed out to the idiots that there are three groups right in front of us, and thus there is no hurry.  We later mentioned this to one of the cart girls, who said these guys are out here every week!  How could they not have known the distance if they know the course?  Of course they knew, they just thought it was OK to hit into people as long as they yell "fore."  On the 18th hole, unsurprisingly, the toolbags teed off while we were still hitting our second shots, and actually drove up within 30 yards of us while we were hitting.  I've never seen such terrible etiquette on a golf course before.So between the uncaring staff, the dangerous layout, and the clowns who play here, there's no reason to play here when there are so many other great courses around.  Just drive down the street to Dobson Ranch.
3	3.5 stars here... I have always enjoyed playing Kokopelli.  Yeah, sometimes its a bit crowded and its not always the cheapest, but the course is generally in pretty good shape (The driving range could use some work).  The putting and chipping greens are usually pretty good as well.  This course has some easier holes and some very challenging holes as well.  The most difficult part of this course is that your really cannot spray your shots at all off the tee or from the fairway. All in all, I enjoy playing this course and have never had any problems with the staff.  They have always be kind and courteous.I will definitely play this course again.
3	Course is in horrible playing shape, someone needs to invest here and make it beautiful
3	This course was OK.  I played here with a foursome last week and was satisfied when I left.  Unfortunately they are currently undergoing management changes therefore a lot of renovations are happening all over the course which can interefere with your playing.  The staff was friendly and helpful, and the clubhouse was nice as well.  Driving range was large and well taken care of.  I suggest either waiting until reno's are done or playing through the crappy conditions.
2	I'm not really a golfer, but living in Scottsdale, I see beautiful courses all the time, so playing on the dead grass was a bit of a bummer. It was a gorgeous sunny and 70s day in January, so of course our tee time was delayed, but I thought the staff was friendly. Friends who actually golf told me I'd have a tough time with the course and probably really tick off groups behind me, but the course didn't feel too backed up; we played right on schedule and only had to wait at one or two holes and same with the group behind us. The hazards weren't too tricky, even being a non-golfer, I only donated one ball to the water. My brother-in-law donated one to a truck driving on the main road right by one of the tee boxes though! Eek! Random complaint - the mirrors in the women's bathroom are for giants.
3	Course is a little ran down for my likings.
3	The course leaves a bit to be desired but my I took my kids here for a lesson.  The instructor was great, extremely patient and the lessons were at a great price.  We will definitely continue taking lessons here as long as they are available.
5	I'm a bit surprised about the comments on here. I find Kokopelli to be one of the best values in the Valley. Course is challenging but fair for all levels of golfer.Course conditions are very good, especially for the price. Sure, you can go to Longbow or Las Sendas for twice as much and get better conditions on the fairways and rough, but tees and greens are just as good. Why pay more for the parts of the course you shouldn't be in?Staff is always super fun and energetic...they have a tough job, the first few holes can always bog down since #1 is very reachable in 2 and #2 is the hardest par 3 on the course. They take a bunch of criticism for things beyond their control.I love this place and will continue to promote one of the best deals in the valley!
4	Is there a a better sport than night golf?  Me thinks not!Kokopelli puts on some awesome night golf parties!  I've read the reviews of people complaining about the course and the grass not being green enough but if you come at night, it won't bother you nearly as much.  The staff is kind and helpful.  I recommend everyone check this out for some fun out of the sun.
1	What a dump! You are taking chances with your life when you drive up 18. The driving range nets are falling apart, and range balls come flying on the green. The management didn't care when I brought this to their attention.
1	i hardly can remember this course without seeing the scorecard. Its nice and affordable and you can't miss the big water fountain and i can't stop talking about it when ever Kokopelli is in the discussion. i guess i will go back for a refresh.Edited Nov 3 2013:-i managed to revisit this course and i would instantly drop my rating from 4 to 1. If you like to see your score in lower numbers by all means go to this course. Flat, straight, no trees to intimidate and very forgiving and you don't have to think, just swing. i dont stay here long enough and play often enough but this course to my short observation is not as pack as the other courses around, say Superstition, Ken MacDonald, Dobson.... etc. i tee off alone and ended up foursome at 11th hole. anyway the deserted course couple with very forgiving course layout i managed to finish the 18 in less than 3 hours, and i might add, shooting in the mid 70s. to boost your ego yea play Koko or else, for visitors spend your money at Las Sendas, Southern Dunes, Foothills, Clubwest, Ocotillo and many more. (these mentioned above are the ones i like better) and they are better course design compare to Kokopelli.i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play. not even $5 a game entice me to play here again.
4	Tough course for beginners. Will loose balls :)Great carts with GPS, and really good prices and deals available online.Been here twice this month already :)Definitely worth going again.
2	We always play the first tee time.  We play fast for the first nine holes, setting a nice pace, but the last two times we played we had to wait on hole 10.  Management no longer cares about the golf experience.  Doesn't seem to bother anyone that there are major backups on the course.  They used to have someone driving the course at least twice a round making sure everything is going ok.  Now there is no one maintaining pace of play and they have the Back Nine and Breakfast people teeing off way to late. Why should the first group have to wait on the 10th hole? Management does not see the problem with it.  Will now play courses where they care about the player experience.
3	I've only used their driving range so my review is only rating that piece. Range is quite wide so many people can play at once. Grass towards the front is usually quite dead. Lots of sand so expect a face full if you take a big divot. A few days a week, play is restricted to the grass mat.  If you are not used to this, you could have trouble. Range goes way out. I could be wrong, but I don't think any human could drive further than this range. Some balls are flighted or in poor condition. Free water on the range. Unlimited ball pass for $60. This is great since I come by every day after work. Some of the ground towards the front is pretty beat up. I prefer this driving range over Dobson since Dobson is often hard mud which can make it impossible to take a divot without feeling like you've shattered your wrist. I'm giving this course three stars. Not because it is bad, but I'm rating it lower than others. Troon would be a five star for example.
1	The pro shop staff at Kokopelli is uninformed and downright discourteous.I had an early morning tee time here two days after a torrential downpour.Late in the afternoon the day before my tee time, I called the pro shop tosee if the course would be open for play the next morning.  I was told thatif there was no more rain that evening, it would definitely be open for play thenext day.  It was dry that night so I showed up for my 6:23am tee time only to be told that the course was unplayable! I reacted shocked & upset by this news.  And then I was challenged by this staff member to "step outside" to settle matters!  No apology for the miscommunication - no admission of fault! Just a defiant challenge issued in response to my unhappy reaction!  What a perfect way to turn away paying customers!
1	horrible.  just went to hit balls, and the "range" was restricted to a strip of concrete with thirty year old AstroTurf on top of it.  and the smell was HORRENDOUS.  I have no idea what was going on, but it reeked like a chemical explosion.  the interior or the place was sad, the staff none too friendly, and the range sucked.ready for some golf?!koko is a big nonosave your cash, drive on
