4	Great Art Space!  Went to their June Juried Show (opening and award ceremony) and saw some really cool work.  It was definitely a great mix of mediums from photography, to sculpture, to paintings, and mixed media.  It was very interesting to meet some of the artists and see the work that won in their categories.  It was also nice to see the camaraderie between the artists since the place really keeps to its "small town" roots and everyone was really familiar with each other and their works.They also offer classes and workshops along with studio space rental for artists and members.  My one gripe is the lack of parking.  There is a gravel lot out back, but if there is a first Friday or gallery opening, it's hard to find a space.  The building they are in is very cool (renovated warehouse) and is right off the street - unfortunately the parking is meant for warehouse parking so they may remedy this in the future as they grow.
5	Southern Hospitality meets Great looking Large Gallery Space and Talented Artists works on display!On display were: Paintings, Sculptures, Pottery, Photographs, Scarves and Wood Carvings!In the back their were two painting classes being taught.  An Adults class and a Childrens class.  In the back of the back (way back) Potters and Sculptors were creating their worksThe ladies working here today were very kind, friendly and helpful!  One lady gave us a tour and told us all about the organization!  I Love living in Charlotte, though the small towns surrounding Charlotte, like Mint Hill are certainly a BIG Bonus!
3	The art space at Mint Hill Art is solid, and if it were a review for that alone, I might be tempted to give them a higher rating. But if you go for a class or meeting, the rating dips a bit.We've been by a time or two, and there is definitely something missing.For just one example, their intro to photography meeting was anything but. While photography may not exactly by art - or even something anyone does anymore - our youngest has an interest, if only by association because he has an interest in film.So when we went to see if he would be interested since "all experience levels are welcome", we rapidly found out that it's only those who have actually used real photography equipment and are already comfortable with manually making adjustments to their focus, f/stop and the like.Totally understandable, of course - it is an art studio. But it's also not "all experience levels", either, you know? Someone who has next to no experience really needs an intro to the intro class. As a result, it makes a difference.
