5	Unbelievably good ramen. I had the spicy tonkotsu ramen, very well balanced.The kimchi side was uniquely delicious. There is a hint of sweetness, great texture and the spiciness is just right.The real treat was the karaage. This is quite possibly some of the best karaage I've ever had. The very best was years ago, and my memory may be lying. There is a loyalty system where you get a free karaage side every 4 bowls of ramen ordered. A fantastic deal. I can't imagine ever eating here and not having the karaage.My 4 year old loved their curry. It had a great taste and wasn't too spicy.The interior is clean and tidy. Like most ramen places it isn't very large. It's a comfortable area, and the location is pretty convenient for most spots in the valley.
4	just opened 3 days, i ordered Fukumimi ramen, karaage,& large curry with rice bowl. All were excellent. The best part is their location is near to my home and i dont have to drive to chinatown. The employees were friendly and nice.
4	A bowl of potentialOn blistering cold nights, sometimes all it takes is a hot bowl of soup to purge the chills & rejuvenate the senses. On a quiet little part of what appears to be dead-man's alley, sits this cozy little shoppe; a star of hope in the sea of darkness.Upon entry a fog of authenticity & warmth envelopes you, as the hosts so graciously greet, get you situated & promptly serve you. Observant, keen & interested; a cohesive team that works together as they shuffle around caring for Tender, juicy, flavorful, the karaage hits every corner of your palate in a vibrant explosion of flavors & feelings, as it slowly melts in your mouth. Generously portioned & accompanied with a side salad. Should there ever be shortage of alcohol in the world, the pork broth would most definitely be my new vice. It oozes of authenticity, with an array of tantalizing flavors; from the succulent pork, to the wafer thin seaweed the fukumimi ramen is a testament to the establishment's commitment to excellence.Praises aside, there are definitely two major issues that almost made me drop a star. Please do lay off the SALT. I almost felt my tongue fall off after my 4th karaage. Also please cut back on the seaweed in the fukumimi ramen, that almost ruined the experience as I was winding down dinner (it tasted like seaweed soup instead of ramen).Overall, I applaud the service, I shall plan a return in the near future.
5	Hello Katsu if you are reading this, this is Lt. Col. Nakamura's son. I met you in front of the Japanese Specialties store. I just want to thank you for all your hard work, and congratulations on opening up your restaurant. I know you have only been open for a few days but every Japanese person I know already thinks you have the best Ramen-Ya in Las Vegas. I also want to add that you have the very very best Tan Tan Men I have ever had in my life. It is even better than the Tan Tan Men at the world famous Chin-Ma-Ya. Sorry to Yoshi and my friends at Ramen Sora, but FUKUMIMI has officially taken the top spot on my "Best Ramen in Las Vegas" list. The bowl of Tan Tan Men I had here the other day was not just the best Tan Tan Men, but it was the very best bowl of Ramen I have ever had. Way better than anything you would find at one of the MON restaurants. FUKUMIMI is also the only Japanese restaurant in all of Las Vegas that has a bowl of Tan Tan Men that leans more on the Japanese spectrum. The Tan Tan Men at Shuseki is more of the Chinese variation, which is also really good but not exactly what I am looking for. Katsu who is the owner and chef at FUKUMIMI has put in years of experimenting to get the exact perfect balance of spice and sweetness for his Tan Tan.  Not to mention, the texture and thickness of the broth was almost like curry, and the big pieces of bok choy just made an already perfect bowl of Ramen even more perfect. FUKUMIMI is practically a one man operation. The owner is also the lead chef, and he makes sure that every little thing is absolutely perfect down to the smallest detail.  You know a restaurant is going to be good when the chef who created the recipes is also the one cooking for you. And, just to let you guys know,  FUKUMIMI is NOT a multi-million dollar bankrolled Ramen-Ya like Monta.  FUKUMIMI is the underdog now, but I predict in a couple of months they will have way more business than the other Ramen-Ya's here in Vegas because every Japanese person will tell you that the best Ramen comes from small family operated restaurants, not some big chain ala Santouka. I also want to thank the staff at FUKUMIMI for being so hospitable to my Korean Mother who told me that the inhouse-made Kim-uchi was way better than Korean Kimchi. She and her other Korean friends loved it.I really encourage all the Japanese-Americans here in LV and Henderson to come support this business.5-stars and my favorite Ramen-Ya in Vegas, and my 2nd favorite Japanese restaurant in Vegas(right behind Shogo's Sushi on Rainbow).
4	So another Japanese Ramen-Ya has graced this city and this time, it ain't in Chinatown! (in mini-mall Tokyo)  No this one is on East side by UNLV, where most of the students hang out. In any case, it just opened and once in a while, it's good to break away from the usual haunts (I still love you the best, Monta, but I wanna see what the others have to offer). Monogamy has no place in the F&B world when it comes to this glutton.Fukumimi means 'Lucky Ear', and when I arrived at an off peak time period, the place was crawling with Japanese people (first good sign).  And the interior had a cheery and warm environment (aka, it actually looked like someone put some thought into it's design...I appreciate that)....good sign #2I love it when the weather gets cold here, it's the perfect time for a piping hot bowl full of Ramen.  And on a particularly cold day like Saturday, I was running from my car to get into the steam filled restaurant to warm up!Inside, it's a bright atmosphere with that new restaurant feel (kinda like a new car...didn't want to use the smell reference...)  I was seated at the counter, where I could see all the action.  The owner was working the line, (the Ramen component) while another gentleman worked the fryer, both working furiously to dish out orders.I parked my seat down a bar stool, hoping to get warm when I realized it was much colder at the counter; they had air vents blowing cold air to counteract all the steam emanating from the open kitchen (I was freezing by the time I left...must remember that I can eat here in the Summer...and not sit at the counter!!!)So Fukumimi's specialty is Tonkotsu Ramen, a pork bone broth that make the broth thick with a milky consistency that is very filling.  It's accompanied with slices of Pork Belly, Boiled Egg, Bean Sprouts, Corn and Scallions...and Noodles of course....There are other things on the menu, Chicken Ramen, a cold Tomato Ramen and Tan Tan Men (a spicy Sichuan dish);  as well, there are various Rice Bowls that looked pretty good too.On the Appetizer list: the Chicken Karage was recommended,  (and at $3.99 for six pieces, it's a bargain) and it came out piping hot.  I loved the crispness of fried skin, followed by a moist bite of juicy chicken flesh that sears the roof of your mouth, as steam billows through the tears-heaven...  Thoroughly enjoyable and worth coming for-a must get item!And when the boiling, hot cauldron of noodle soup arrived in front of my icicle hanging nose,    I enveloped my face into it's hot breath, inhaling the fatty oils feeding my fifth sense.  I ordered the Miso Tonkotsu, a blend I find most palatable.My first visual: long, thick slices of Pork Belly cut in the most unusual way to which, I have not seen before in Ramen (not that I'm complaining, I ordered extra Chasu Pork and I practically got the whole bowl full of it - score!!!)As for the Broth, (the most important component of Ramen in my humble opinion) it was smooth, lighter than I thought, it didn't have that unctuous, almost greasy quality that I anticipate/hope for, then somewhat regret after eating like buyer's remorse.  In this case, I could finish the soup sans regret.Now with another Ramen Restaurant in the Vegas fold, it's getting very interesting; people will decide their favorites, alliances will be formed, friends will become enemies, families will be torn blah blah blah....  I'm just glad that there's more choices, I already have my favorite list, but that's for another post!Ratings (Out of Five Stars)Food:          4Ambience:  4Service:      5
5	Excuse my language but this place is "F**KIN GOOD"!!!!!I normally do not give 5 stars after a 1st visit but Fukumimi Ramen deserves it!!!Everything we ate was so flavorful and just plain yummy.....The inside is new and clean with a modern casual decor.... I think it should be bigger cause once people try their food I imagine it'll be packed pretty often....We ordered the small chicken curry over white rice and one taste of that yummy curry and we knew we were eating at a "I WILL BE BACK" type of restaurant....The Chicken Karaage was so damn good!!! The breading was perfection and it was seasoned just right - accompanied by a small side of mixed greens with a yummy salad dressing - all this needed was a side of Fried Rice (which they don't have) and I would've been a happy camper!!! Both small orders only cost $3.90 each - well worth the price if you ask me!!!On to our Ramen - I had the "Fukumimi Ramen" which had the creamy pork based broth. On top of the soup was pork belly,bean sprouts,seasoned egg,and sea weed. The noodles were perfect - not too soft - more firm - This Ramen was delicious!!!!The BF had the "Tantan Men Ramen" which is a Szechuan style spicy soup with a chicken/pork based creamy broth that reminded us of a curry. In the Ramen was seasoned ground meat,bok choy and red chile oil. I tried the broth and it wasn't a taste that I would ever imagine at a Ramen place - it was so freakin yummy!!!! There are add-ins to your Ramen for a minimal fee that you can get like corn ect...You also get a stamp card where if you buy 4 ramens on your next visit you get either free gyoza or free chicken karaage. I'm not losing that stamp card...LOLNow on 2 past occasions we tried to eat at Monta which is supposed to be like the Holy Grail in Vegas for Ramen but on each occasion it was too packed and we gave up but I honestly can't imagine any other Ramen places tasting better than what I ate tonight.....   So, I guess everyone should try Fukumimi Ramen before it becomes like a Monta :(
5	My rating is based on food alone. The Ramen is awesome! I only wish they had hot tea and maybe juice for kids. But the service was good. We will be back for sure!
5	After a tip from my fellow nihonshoku reviewer, I went there on my scouting trip. The ramen here is interesting in that it is tonkotsu based yet have options of different flavors such as miso, shio, etc, but not plain tonkotsu.  They also have tan tan men but it was sold out so I went for spicy tonkotsu and my daughter tried tonkotsu miso along with a side of karaage.  Tonkotsu spicy was fantastic.   You can definitely taste the rich tonkotsu base but the spicy miso with which it is flavored with added a thick kotteri flavor full of umami.   Excellently executed.   Tonkotsu miso was closer to tonkotsu than a miso ramen in my opinion and it was very good, probably better than monta.   As this is more of a tonkotsu place, it should not be compared to Sora.   Chicken karaage was perfectly done with a slice if lemon, flavored salt into which you can dip the chicken and a small salad.  My only complaint is that I didn't get to taste the tan tan men and that it's on the East side far away from my house.  I would rate their tonkotsu higher than that of montas as I have noticed some inconsistencies in monta recently.  For pure miso ramen I take Sora all day with their thick curly noodles.
4	Love the Tonkontsu Ramen and Chicken Karage !! The soup base is very rich and the chicken is tender.....will definitely come back again !!
4	Service is pretty typical so nothing new nor bad. Nothing out of sorts there. It is a cozy place so probably good to bring a small party here. If they ever get popular in the future, they're going to have long lines.ORDERED:Me: Tonkotsu Ramen (salt) $7.50-- They use thin noodles (which I do like). It's not anything particularly exceptional and I wouldn't say they're better than Monta. It is still good, though. Friend noticed if you let the noodles sit for a lil bit, the top layer will cake up. That was not a pretty sight to see.Friend: Tonkotsu Ramen (soy)-- He still prefers Monta.Appetizer: karaage (6pcs) $3.90-- Chicken was pretty yummy. And hot (temperature-wise). Yum. Worth a try.What I want to try next: TAN TAN MEN.
4	If you ever find yourself on the east side of the meadows and find yourself craving some of that wonderful ramen you find on the Asian strip, worry no more. A new ramen place just opened up on this side of town and I'm sure that is here to stay! FukUmimi.......don't know what that means, but all I know is that it translates into some fuk'n good ramen! and even though this place is on the other side of town away from the competition, it is sure to make all other ramen places sweat. I can't say that is the best but it is sure up there with the big Monta and Sora. I ordered the miso ramen. The broth was thick and packed with intense flavors, the noodles were soft and chewy, the slices of pork also soft as butter. It all was gone in a matter of minutes. Left me wondering if it had actually been real, but the empty bowl, the bill on the table and my hunger gone, confirmed it all. I had just had a bowl of awesomeness.  The place is small but very inviting, the simplicity of the design a very common Japanese characteristic gives it the feel of authenticity, as well as the majority of customers at that time. Koreans? Japanese? I don't know..all I know is that this Mexican was enjoying his noodles like everyone else in the building. For one brief  tasty moment in time, we were all speaking the same ramen language. slurp! slurp! slurp! There are also other items on the menu that I had never had before like tantanmen which is what I will try next time I visit, or karaage, or curry.... I can't wait to head east!Monta.....Sora.....you know I love you.....But I'm going to FukUmimi!
4	I got the "Fukumimi ramen" which came with extra chashu, seaweed (or as the menu said 'sea we') but the star for me was the broth itself.  It came out hot, rich and salty (insert perverted joke here). I honestly could have had another order since I scarfed down the bowl in seconds flat.  Fortunately, my friend ordered a small chashu bowl as an appetizer which left me satiated.  They NEED to get the gyoza going.  Just this past week alone I have been to a German restaurant that didn't serve beer and now a ramen restaurant with no gyoza.  They said their gyoza machine is down and will be up soon.  I wasn't sure whether the machine made them or cooked them but I wasn't up for questions when hot ramen is staring right at me.  At least they had beer.  Testuro P. said "You should try the Tan Tan Men next time, it is the best thing in the world.".  So that's what I am going to do.
3	Beware of the shape of their bowls!Hahaha. At least, I think it was the shape of their bowls. At first glance, it seems like any normal bowl of ramen, but as you stop to take a picture, the top of the soup cools down so fast that it becomes this thick goey texture. A quick stir of the broth and it will be gone, only to be back within a few minutes. Not exactly sure what it is... But something tells me it might be oil or some cartilage from the pork bones?I had the Tonkotsu Ramen (soy), and the flavor of the broth was decent. I wasn't too big of a fan of their noodles (I prefer monta's thicker noodles). My broth came with a slice of pork belly (chashu), half of a seasoned egg, green onions, bean sprouts, and a piece of seaweed.  The pork belly was a really big slice, and had a good proportion of meat and fat.  I would have preferred a whole egg, but since it was included free with the soup, there isn't any complaints there. Everything else was pretty standard. If you wanted any extra toppings (which I did not get), they are available for an EXTRA charge. I say extra in all caps because in my opinion, some of them are a bit pricey.I went with a friend who ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen (salt) as well as the karaage.  Her broth tasted a bit off, and there were black lines visible throughout. I'm not sure what kind of 'salt' they used, but I guess it was a type of black salt?(Update: I've been told the 'black lines' were from black garlic oil). Looked pretty odd to me. Oh, and her soup also had the thick gooey texture at the top if you let it sit for too long.  As for the karaage, they were pretty standard. Nice and juicy like they should be!I would definitely be back to try more items on their menu, and I'll update my review then. For now, I give it 3 stars due to the weird thickening of the top of the soup. It wasn't really too appetizing to have to look in your bowl and see a solid layer on the top. =X
5	After my favorite ramen restaurant closed down a few years ago I've been hard pressed to find a new one and my search is finally over. Fukumimi's ramen is so good. I never eat the chashu in my ramen because I don't like the fat but here even the "fat" part tastes good. Totally melts in your mouth, not hard and chewy like others. I've been here a couple of times already and always get the miso ramen. The broth is rich and substantial. I don't know if it's me but it seems to have a tiny kick of spiciness which I love. My husband gets the soy which is also very good. I love gyoza but unfortunately they haven't had any since their machine has been down so this last time I went we ordered the karaage. So good....with the salt and lemon. YUMMY!!! And the little salad that came with it had a very good ginger dressing on it. The prices and very reasonable and the staff is very friendly. They also give you stamp cards so you can get free karaage or gyoza on your next visit, I think it's after 4 ramens purchased. I will definitely go back.
5	Omg a Ramen place near the airport! I love it!  Trying out the Fukumimi Ramen since it has extra pork Chasu.  I always order extra Chasu anyway, so this one suits me perfect.  The broth, wow so very favorful and delicious.  The Fukumimi Ramen was just the right portion for tiny little me that chows down OOdles of noodles.  Fukumimi Ramen already had the extra Chasu, 3 pieces of seaweed, sprouts, hard boiled egg, and lots of green onions...other places you have to order all the extra trimmings.  BONUS, you still can get more if it doesn't meet your expectations.  Top it off with some Kim Chee, oh wow that was yum.   I found myself diving in pretty quickly and demolishing it in minutes, that I still have that some what hot feeling on my tongue that I ate too fast.  LOL.  I like to portion out my meat with my noodles and I had more than enough meat along with my noodles so I was a very satisfied girl.  I saw the waitress delivering Karaage to other tables, when I bring my other half, I'll get all the other things on the menu.  I do like to taste everything, but don't like to waste, so he is my partner in crime to balance out my need to try it all!This place does seem to get busy, but if it does, I'm sure people will be in and out in no time, kind of like me, haha.  I did come in here by myself.  This place is a lot larger and roomier than Monta.  Same ambience like other Ramen shops. Yelpers, this is a must try!
5	In a word, awesome.I'm not a ramen aficionado by any means. I've only ever had true ramen once at Monta and once at the Bacchanal Buffet (which I believe does it the Monta way). However, this is a spot I would love to go to not only because it's a much shorter drive from Hendersonvilletown (Northeast corner of Trop and Eastern, by the way), but also because it's really darn good.I split the kara age (fried chicken) appetizer ($3.90) with my friends and ordered the basic tonkotsu (salt) ($7.50). The kara age had such good flavor even without condiments, and the salt, lemon, and salad are all nice complements. The tonkotsu ramen was fantastic. The noodles were soft, the meat was tender, the broth was rich and not overly salty whatsoever, and the half egg seems like it underwent some sort of magical transformation to make it seem almost not so eggy in flavor. The whole bowl was a great way to make yourself sweat again in these colder months.My only regrets are that I didn't really mix well and thus ended up with a decent helping  of julienne ginger at the end, which is kinda strong for me in actual chewing (vs. merely flavoring), and that I didn't know that one of my non-present friends gets free appetizers each time because it's just four stamps (read: four people). We all got individual stamp cards for some reason. Then again, maybe my friend is super special or something, and I'm sure I'll go here at least 3 more times in the next few months.Believe the hype, guys. Even if your name is Mimi.
3	I decided to try a new place the other day and I happened to stumble across this restaurant. They dont have much on their menu, maybe because they're just starting up or maybe that's just the way they like it. Price.. decent. Service... was good. They always came around our table to ask if everything was okay or if we needed anything.Food.. I had one of their ramens.. it was a bit too salty for me so I didnt end up finishing it. Honestly, I've had better for around the same price but with a bigger bowl, meaning more food. All in all, the experience was okay. But It's definitely not a restaurant that I would ever go back to. There's really nothing special there that makes my mouth water .. and there really isnt a dish that they serve that other japanese restaurants dont already serve (especially when other restaurants serve in bigger portions, better quality, etc)...
5	I have to admit up front that I am NOT a ramen connoisseur. I enjoy it, I eat it, I seek it out. But I am not the local ramen expert that I know some of my fellow Yelpers are. But I know soulful, textured, thoughtful food. And Fukumimi Ramen is serving that in droves. SERVICE: Like any restaurant, the experience starts with a greeting. The staff there is wonderful. They are warm, informative, helpful, and even on a busy night, they are willing to make yours a pleasurable experience.  There are not enough places in town that care about how their customers are treated. I like to give my business to those who do.FOOD: I have never had anything like their broth. It's rich and complex. At my first bite, my taste buds were prepped for a thin, savory broth. But upon tasting what Fukimimi Ramen calls a broth, I had to stop and pause. I actually put my chopsticks and spoon down to reflect. When was the last time a taste of broth gave you pause? Since I had the Fukumimi Ramen I can only speak about its pleasures. Add the noodles, the green onion, the extra pork belly, and the egg to that rich broth and you have a dish to drive all the way to Eastern and Trop to try.  The Fukumimi and the karaage are spectacular.  The karaage is a salty, tender, perfectly fried piece of chicken.  But all of its crunchy pleasures could not take away from that ramen dish.  And three cheers for their portion sizes. It was a joy not to be swimming in ridiculous amounts of uneaten food after my meal.THE REVELATION: The egg. I don't know if theirs is completely unique, but it was certainly unique to me. It is officially my favorite egg. I unsuccessfully tried to coax a secret out of the chef. All I know is this: I could eat that soy sauce flavored egg every day of my life. Every day. They are magic. I need to find out if there is a dish that is focused on eggs there. The eggs are that serious for me.TIPS: They have a frequent visitor card that entitles you to a karaage (I believe) after a few visits. Also, they have  small space, so you might want to pop in at an off time to ensure you get the experience during a quiet time. They get some traffic in the evenings.  Don't let the neighborhood keep you away. It's in a working class area that is located next to a busy street (Trop)--no need to pull up and be concerned.  They've been open for a little over a week, and I've been back three times. I know people are excited about getting the gyoza going, but there is so much to love there that foodies will never miss it.  I plan to add this to my place to my regular rotation. Their location next to a Baskin and Robbins may become an issue this summer, but luckily I leave so satisfied that ice cream isn't even a consideration.  At least not on a chilly November night.They deserve every one of those five stars. This place is outstanding.  Even if they never give me the secret of the egg.
5	Ramen..aka soul food Japanese style! After seeing it popup on the Yelp radar and reading some of the rave reviews from Tetsuro P. & Ursula U (who told me to get my butt over here)..Well I just had to see for myself.  I have to say this ramen house is on the path to being the cream of the crop! Now I know that 101 ways to make ramen doesn't qualify me as the noodle connoisseur, but compared to others noodle houses I've tried, hands down, Fukumimi rocks!  Location: End corner of strip mall on Eastern/Tropicana ..plenty of parking spaces. A big plus for those of us whose home base is here in Henderson.   Service/Atmosphere - A - The restaurant staff enthusiastically greeted us in Japanese as we stepped inside.  It was almost a full house when we arrived during the dinner hour, but we were seated right away. The hostess also did double duty as our server.  Friendly and pretty efficient considering how busy the place was. The small dining area was simple interior, single seating at the high top top counter facing the kitchen and tables of two lined back against the wall set close together. So close that nosy me got to see and question the party next to me on what dish she ordered that looked so good, which was the Fukumimi ramen. Food:  A+  - Prices: fair most under $10We ordered the Fukumimi Ramen, Karaage & Curry/rice bowl. Both Karaage & Curry bowl were very good, for the low price hard not to pass up either.The Fukumimi - THE BEST!! This order is pretty large portion. The bowl width is average size, but deep in depth. It looked like a gourmet bowl of ramen, a pretty visual presentation. Seaweed lined half of the bowl filled with hot and steamy broth.  The tonkotsu (pork) broth ; perfect! It was packed with flavor, had a brown milky color, rich and creamy.  The thin noodles were delish and cooked to the right texture. Toppings: slices pork belly, tender, 1/2 of soft boiled egg, sprouts added some crunch and the scallions boosted the flavor even more. I want to say it's garlic infused oil, black in color that was drizzled on top as well.  This was such a delicious hearty meal.This place is most definatley yummy for your tummy!
5	If you're looking for a very good new ramen place try, go to Fukumimi Ramen. I ordered the Fukumimi Ramen no joke it was the best ramen I've ever had. One sip of the broth and I was hooked. There are definitely so many amazing flavors going into it. Some suggestions I would give is to enjoy the broth before diving into the noodles, up to you though I like my noodles a little less firm they're still good. The pork belly was very delicious, let it soak into the broth you're gonna love it more. Nori pieces complemented it all. I wish I had more.Fukumimi Ramen isn't that hard to find. It's not that far from the university, airport, strip, and a lot of business areas. It's located in a center on the NE corner of Tropicana and Eastern and just stands out with its funky Fukumimi Ramen sign and red banners in the window. It is however small inside and apparently people don't know how to park outside but there are a lot of parking.I'm no ramen expert and haven't been to many "authentic" Japanese ramen places but Fukumimi Ramen has to be one of the better new ramen places to try. As I said it is small and new, right now is the best time to go before it gets more popular. There's probably only 5 tables and the bar area seats maybe about 5. I've heard of their tantanmen, so you're next my list tantanmen I'm coming for you.
1	I had Fukumimi Ramen to go for lunch.  Chashu was good but the soup broth was very so bad that I could not finish it. I was really hoping for a good ramen restaurant on the east side of town but that wasn't the case. Not even close to Monta or even Sora. Not recommended.
4	**Summary**      - Ramen - Their ramen is authentic and has the perfect amount of flavor.      - Area - Being on the corner of Tropicana and Eastern, the neighborhood is not as great.      - Decor - However, the inside looks newly renovated and completely different from the outside surroundings.      - Saltiness - I like the salt level at this place. It's not too salty like some of the other ramen places around town.      - Pork Belly - Their pork belly is just delicious. It's probably about as good as the one from Ramen Sora.      - Flavors - The flavors are salt (shio), soy (shoyu), miso, and spicy. I particularly like shio for its simple, yet elegant flavor. The broth for miso and spicy are a little too thick for me.**Ordered**      - $9.50 Fukumimi Ramen - Their version of the deluxe ramen. It has pork belly, egg, seaweed and sprouts.      - $3.90 Karaage - Lacking in flavor, but you can't pretty cheap for what you get.**Recommendations**      - I'd recommend this place for a nice authentic ramen restaurant.
5	Fantasic! One word!  AWESOME authentic, and delicious. I have been twice now. almost guaranteed that  you will be waiting just a few minutes before being seated. But well worth it. the spicy Tonkotsu ramen and the tan tan men are fabulous.Great Job Fukimimi!
4	We're down with the ramen and we're down with new ramen places in Vegas.  This city is big enough for plenty of options in my opinion!Small place in the shopping center next door to Baskin Robbins and the Japanese Specialties Market.The Husband ordered the Fukumimi Ramen ($9.50), which comes with extra pork belly, chashu, seasoned egg, green onions, bean sprouts, and seaweed.  It also has the pleasant drops of garlic oil on top too.  Midway through his ramen, he bit into a hard chunk of noodles.  It appeared that some of the noodles were stuck together and never got cooked through.  We showed the waitress the clumped up noodles and she took his ramen away.  She asked if he would like another one and got that order in immediately.  She apologized profusely and checked often to make sure the second round was fine.  It was and the Husband ate it all up.I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen, Miso flavored ($8.20).  Along with the standard pork belly, green onions, seasoned egg, and bean sprouts, mine came with corn too.  No garlic oil unfortunately.  My soup was creamy and full-bodied and very rich.  Quite tasty in my opinion.  I was pleased with my soup choice.  I also liked their soft boiled egg, the seasoning part of it made it even tastier.Other unique choices on their menu include: the Tantan Men which is a Szechuan style spicy soup with ground meat and bok choy; and the Tomato Ramen which is a cold ramen with sesame sauce and vinegar.  There are also rice bowls available should ramen not be on your craving.We noticed quite a few older Japanese clientele eating here during our meal.  That's always a good sign to us.Overall, we like it and we'll be back!
4	I don't know if it was because I came here on a gloomy rainy day and this steaming bowl of goodness just blew my mind or if it was just good, but i do know this place left an impression.i ordered the fukumimi ramen and it came out perfect and was everything my life ever wanted.  I normally complain about the temperature when i eat ramen but this place made it nice n steamy.  The broth was rich and was packed with porky deliciousness. They have other options and this place is definitely worth coming back to.
5	Stopped by on a Sunday evening for dinner. No wait for a table, but as time goes by I can see Fukumimi becoming quite a bit more busy. For those of us that love good ramen and live on the east side of town, Fukumimi's is a BOON.There's not much that needs to be said about Fukumimi's. The service is friendly, prompt and excellent. The broth, ingredients and noodles are all absolutely top-notch and DELICIOUS.If you like ramen, do yourself a favor and try this place out before it gets super popular.
4	Good, solid ramen. Craving something aside from Thanksgiving leftovers, I was able to find this spot on Yelp and the reviews seemed favorable. Giving me an excuse to check it out, I went down there last night. I had the Tantan Men and my girlfriend had the Miso Ramen. The Tantan Men was good: a decent blend of savory and spice. My only negative critique might be that the broth was actually almost a bit too rich. The pork broth thickened with chili oil and beef fat made a very sturdy base that I was not expecting. It was a good meal, but be prepared for something richer than other ramen varieties if you order it. As stated, my girlfriend had the Miso ramen, and she was very complimentary of the meal. She enjoyed the flavor of the broth and noodles, as well as the corn and soft-boiled egg. The pork was described as being very savory and tender, and she was very happy we got the chance to check this place out.For those who enjoy Asian-style noodles and the flavor of ramen or just like finding new places to eat, I would highly recommend Fukumimi Ramen
4	New ramen place in town located on the NE corner of Tropicana and Eastern, next to the Baskin Robbins. Seem like a typical ramen-ya. Typical japanese greeting upon entrance, seated quickly. Came to the restaurant on a Wednesday evening around 530ish. There was maybe 2 other parties there aside from us. If my memory serves me correctly, this used to be a different japanese restaurant that was based on sushi before. The restaurant is a brightly lit restaurant with a row of bar seats facing the kitchen, and a row of tables with chairs on one side and a long extending wood bench on the opposite side. Service, the waitress was nice to get our waters. But seemed to like hover around waiting for us to order (which was a little weird). They had two soup broths (mainly pork [tonkotsu]) but they had a chicken [tori] option. The tonkotsu based ramen's consisted on a salt, soy, miso, spicy, and their special Fukumimi ramen. Each their own style. I believe they all use the same type of ramen noodles (thin straight noodles, very similar to the ones at Monta). Prices are fairly average ranging from $7.50 for the salt and soy tonkotsu, $8.20 for the miso or spicy option, or $9.50 for their special fukumimi ramen that i believe has extra meat. The chicken ramen is similar to the salt tonkotsu ramen except its a "creamy rich chicken soup base" and also had the garlic oil. There is options for extra toppings at additional cost. Didnt see an option for extra noodles though. They also had two other ramens, one was tantan men and the other was tomato ramen (cold). uhh if i remember correctly, tantan men is not a ramen, also in fact, its a dry noodle. Very interesting. My friend and I had ordered salt (me) and soy (her). Another party had seated next to us. Apparently the waitress got confused on the orders and asked our table what we had gotten and see if it matched the order she had (but found out was the other table). When the food had come, she went to their table and asked them before figuring out it was for our table. Uh.. Lol.. i thought she had that figured out? guess not.Now for the food. Soup base was ok. Can't figure out if i like it or not. Initially when the ramen had came, i had tried both soup bases from mine and my friends. one salt base, one soy based.. One was saltier than the other but me and my friend had opposing opinions. Both our ramens had one slice of pork, 1/2 a soft boiled egg, some pickled ginger, onions, and bean sprouts.. The thing that was different was mine had this black garlic oil vs hers had a piece of nori. Honestly, i couldnt taste the "original fragrant garlic oil" it mentions. yah i see it but i dont think its as fragrant as it may seem to be. Another thing we had noticed was all the tables, except the bar, did not have any seasoning items. Not even the basic ones you see like chili pepper or chili oil.. or sesame seeds.. Was kind of surprised. The pork was more lean in comparison to what you get at Monta. Wished they had left the pickled ginger as a side u can put yourself instead of it being in the bowl already. The place isnt bad. Price is average. Good for students at UNLV. Nearby ramen place, dont have to drive to chinatown.
5	I believe in Las Vegas, this ramen place is as good as it gets (especially since Kai Gen Ro is no more). I had the Fukumimi Ramen: the broth is milky, not as milky as Ippudo in NY, but still really milk of bone milky, not cream milky. The noodles are very similar to a thin egg noodle I used to get from a company called Quon Yick, but although they are similar these noodles are definitely very tasty and cooked perfectly. They are not overcooked and the color is slightly translucent but still opaque enough that you can tell they are done with care. Seaweed is the normal nori that you would find in large sheets cut up into squares. Their chashu is pork belly slow-braised and sliced thin, seasoned well and not overly salty. You can get kaedama (another mouthful of noodles) for $1. It's not on the menu, but you can request it. It comes in a little rice bowl and is less than the amount at Monta, but Monta charges $2 for their kaedama.I also tried theirCurry Rice Bowl: their rice bowls come in small or large. The curry was okay, but I'm not as big a fan of Japanese curry as I am of Thai or Indian curry. The ginger was somewhat special to me because I noticed they took the time to include pickled turnip which was also red. It's interesting because normally the red pickled ginger is only ginger, so it was a nice little surprise. Their front of house staff mainly speaks Japanese, but understood enough English to take my order. The interior is mainly decorated in wood, very simple yet chic. It speaks and says, we're here for you to eat and enjoy a moment of zen. I enjoyed my moment. It's also more spacious and they don't try to turn and burn, like at some other places... eh hem. They cleared away dishes discreetly and added water appropriately. Their service was apparent, but not brash. I also forgot my sunglasses and they chased after me to return them. From start to finish, I enjoyed my meal very much.
4	It's right next to the Baskin and Robbins on Tropicana and Eastern. It's a new place that just recently opened up. Wouldn't have found out if a friend didn't tell me. So far I would have to say I like it a bit better than Monta, but not by much. I grew up in Japan and ramen there has never made me nauseous or throw up until I've came here and tried Monta's. The service is typical, with a greeting at the door and a waitress came and seated myself and a friend. There weren't that many people there, actually only one party of two on the other side of the restaurant, when we went in. Thought they seemed to be a bit confused with which table ordered what at first, but that was sorted out quickly. It was a cute place, with the kitchen being maybe a third of the restaurant which is a open bar style, with a bar seating area right in front of it. There were tables and a bench seating area to the right upon entering. The bench seats also double up as storage, my friend pointed out that they look like they moved and so I got curious and got up and wanted to see if they could. =] So we got the Tonkotsu ramen (pork based broth), my friend got the salt and I got the soy, both priced at about $7.50 which wasn't too bad. The salt included garlic oil, one piece of chashu, green onion, egg, bean sprouts, and ginger. The soy included, nori, one piece of chasu, egg, bean sprouts, and green onions. I personally felt mine was saltier than the salt one, but my friend had a different opinion. (We'll have to try it again some time and determine which is saltier)The soup base wasn't too bad I've still had better, it wasn't very strong, the noodles they used were the really thin ones, but were cooked pretty well, as they weren't too soft or too hard. I don't usually eat pork but I took a bite out of the chashu and gave it to my friend as I knew it would have made me sick. There were other items such as miso and spicy, along with their Fukumimi ramen, which seemed to include extra meat and corn. You can add other items to your ramen, such as corn, extra meat, egg, etc at a small extra cost. They have the extra noodle option but it's not on the menu. It's a good place close to UNLV, so you don't have to travel deep into china town for ramen, or for those of us living on the east side it's a bit closer. =]
5	Before today, I didn't get it.My idea of ramen was of the six cent variety.When I went to Japan this year, I knew to avoid Ramen because it was pork-based, and I never went to Monta or Sora because I was told the point of ramen is pork broth.As everyone would guess, my inability to try a tasty Japanese dish is rather difficult.  I just assumed it was noodles and broth with lots of sodium.  However, upon learning Fukumimi had chicken ramen, I knew I could finally taste what the excitement is all about.After proctoring the LSAT today, I worked up quite an appetite and headed over to Fukumimi.  I ordered the chicken ramen and not long after, the chef brought out to me a steaming bowl.The bowl was a huge amount, with broth, noodles, chicken "chasiu", bean sprouts, negi (green onions), and a half egg.  This chicken broth would make a Jewish grandmother's toes curl!  It was sooooo flavorful.  I have had my chicken soup training (my aunt told me it would make me marriageable) but mine does not have this richness.The broth itself is a star, but with the noodles, sliced chicken, green onions, sprouts, and the soy-soft boiled egg, it is truly a great balanced meal.  The noodles were the perfect texture, and I added some shichimi to add some spice to the bowl.I saved the egg for the end, and it was perfectly cooked.  I love eggs like this!  This was truly OISHI!  The chef told me he is from Kyoto, so we talked about Kyoto and I showed him a few pictures from when I visited this May.Chicken ramen with tax is only $8.11.  If you are like me and prefer that pigs fly rather than sizzle, this is the only spot in town to indulge in ramen.  The restaurant itself is quaint and clean, the staff is very friendly, and the food is yum (though my options are limited!) - they gave me a stamp card so for every 4 bowls of ramen I buy, I get a free kara-age (or you pork eaters get a free gyoza).Now that I had it "as is" I can add corn and seaweed to it when I am a tad hungrier :)
3	The Skinny: props for using proper Tonkotsu ramen noodles however the flavour of the broth just ain't up the snuff. Their karaage on the other hand is a good portion size and pretty tasty (3) Service: they messed up our order but it turned out okay because we were too full anyway (2) overall: the tonkotsu ramen broth is still subpar but at least decent, toppings are okay and reasonably priced. Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here but if I was in the neighbourhood and having pregnancy-like cravings for ramen, I'd give this place another shot.(3)Found out about this place and headed over for nice big bowl of Japanese lovin'.We ordered a tonkotsu miso ramen ($8.20), fukumimi ramen($9.50), karaage ($3.90) and a curry bowl ($3.90). Here is my analysis of the ramen:The Broth: meh - not enough porky fatty goodness in the broth - on the oink scale, this would rank about a 6/10 scale - detectable but definitely not enough.The Noodles - kudos for the actual legit tonkotsu noodles (the straight, white noodles). Mildly overdone (I prefer a little more firmness) but definitely gets some marks for this.Miscellaneous: Chashu - it's okay - not your melt-in-your mouth goodness but decent enough. Egg - good amount of runniness - perfectly cooked. Toppings amount - decent amount given the price.The karaage was pretty good - nice crispness without too much coating and well seasoned. Very good portion size for the price too. Overall, I think I enjoyed the karaage better than the ramen actually.We never received our curry bowl (the server forgot to put the order in) but that was okay because we were fairly stuffed after finishing our ramen and karaage. To me, what differentiates the true great from a decent ramen place is the broth -- and Fukumimi Ramen definitely wasn't "lickin' the bowl clean" kinda good for me. It lacked the soulful perfection from a great ramen joint. That being said, it's okay enough to fill the belly and the karaage was pretty good. For that, it gets a 3 starred review.
5	Finally some ramen you don't have drive to Chinatown for. For those on the east side of Vegas, Fukumimi is on par (if not better) with those other notable ramen shops down Spring Mountain. Fukumimi is a nice cozy spot. The wooden interior and design had a relaxing feeling. Service was great. You get the traditional Japanese greetings on your way in and out. Makes you feel welcomed and appreciated. The staff worked together and didn't keep us waiting through the visit.Now and most importantly, the food.I tried the Tan Tan Men ramen and it was awesome. The broth was milky, rich, and full of flavor. Their noodles are probably the best I've had out here and cooked perfectly. I couldn't get enough of the minced meat, found myself looking around for the small pieces in the broth towards the end. My friend had the house special and was also very satisfied.Overall, I was very happy with Fukumimi Ramen and will be coming back. Don't forget a stamp card!
3	During the cold winter of Nevada, I like a nice bowl of ramen to keep warm, but driving all the way to Chinatown is such a hassle. When I heard of a new ramen place opening closer to Henderson, I had to try it. Sadly, though, it just didn't hit the spot.I came here on a Sunday night and it wasn't too busy, I'd say half filled. There are probably around 20 or so seats, so not a terribly large place but it is cozy. They were quick to seat us, but they were a bit slow to take our order. We started with the Karaage then I ordered the Tan Tan Men and my boyfriend had their Tonkotsu Salt Ramen. The wait for the food wasn't too long, and we were sitting at the bar so it was fun watching them prepare the food.Karaage - I thought this was the best part of the meal. It was lightly breaded and nicely fried without being too oily. The chicken was still moist and very flavorful. It came with some salt on the side in case you wanted that extra sodium. There was also a little side salad with a tasty dressing, my guess is ginger miso. Tan Tan Men - I was pretty disappointed with this. The initial bite was good, but as I continued to eat it, I liked it less and less. The broth was too creamy and thick, and when I'm at a ramen place, I love to drink the soup. But this is not a soup to just sip on with the noodles, it's more of a thin gravy. Also, the flavor just seemed off, similar that musty flavor of bamboo shoots? I just wasn't a fan of it.Tonkotsu Salt Ramen - It comes with black garlic oil, but I think it could have used a little more. The broth was decent, it had a fairly well developed flavor. I just didn't like that it was so fatty. I know Tonkotsu has lots of pork fat in it, but this one just seemed to have a thick layer of oil on top of the soup. I could just feel it coating my intestines. Another thing is that they're a little stingy with the meat, there was only one piece of char siu. I will say that I liked the egg though. It was perfectly runny, but it was only room temperature at best. Overall, the ramen was decent, but I would not get the Tan Tan Men. I'm not jumping out of my seat to come here again, but if I really have to have my ramen fix and am not willing to drive out to Chinatown, this place will do.
5	Ok, this place served the best bowl of ramen that I've ever eaten. I admit that I was skeptical at first when my friend told me about this place. I've had their signature Fukumimi ramen and their Tan Tan Men. I prefer the Fukumimi ramen. In my opinion a good tonkotsu should have flavorful broth but not to the point where you feeling like you're drinking liquefied lard. This bowl fits the bill. The noodles are the straight kind, the kind that I like.If you like a good spicy bowl of noodles then definitely you should try the Tan Tan Men. The broth was a bit too thick and creamy for me, but it was still good. The broth was begging to have extra noodles added! It was spicy but not overly spicy where you can't taste anything.I also had their karaage. It was very juicy and tender. One of the best I've had.Their service was really quick and friendly.This place definitely is the best ramen shop in the Vegas area. Monta used to be my go-to place, but now it is here!
4	Sometimes I wish I could  pick and choose aspects of each of the ramen places and combine them into one perfect bowl of ramen.  After hearing there were two new ramen places in town...I decided to venture out to the Eastside to try the first one.  I ordered the Fukumimi ramen (extra charsiu, egg, sprouts, seaweed all included!)...I mean they put their name on it...must be good right?!  The noodles are similar to the tonkatsu (thinner) noodles of Monta and the pork is fairly similar to Monta...but perhaps less fatty so still has the consistency of pork with a good marbling of fat.  The noodles were cooked well and al dente when they arrived at our table...however my only hang up for us slower eaters is that by the time I get to the bottom of the bowl..the thinner noodles are mushy.  In the words of my boyfriend...they have "ninja service."  We ordered and I want to say the food arrived in less than 5 minutes =).  An added touch that I haven't noticed at Monta or Sora is the black garlic oil in the soup...I LOVE garlic...so this was an added depth of flavor that I appreciated.  The broth was perhaps not as rich in flavor as I hoped, but it may be on par with Monta's broth since the broth is no longer as consistent there.  Overall, I still prefer Sora's miso broth to the broth at Fukumimi.  But nonetheless a solid establishment, with minimalistic Japanese decor, wood paneling with mason jars of condiments.  They also have tan tan men.....a Szechuan spicy noodle that I may have to try next time...and I will be back especially since they have a stamp card for every 4 bowls you get a free appetizer!  The lady was even nice enough to give us an extra stamp...so we are only one stamp away from a freebie.SUMMARY of RAMEN RANKINGS and WHAT I LOVE ABOUT EACH ONE:1. Ramen Sora (Miso broth, curly/thicker noodles, seasoned egg)2. Monta (Pork belly, curly/thicker noodles)3. Fukumimi (pork belly, black garlic oil, seasoned egg)4. Shoku-ya...to be decided
4	It's hard to find really good Ramen in Las Vegas, but this is the place. I've only had two of the dishes thus far, the chicken and beef. But so far so good. Nice when you don't want to venture into Chinatown.
5	The best ramen I've ever had - hands down.  I'm not a big pork eater (haven't eaten red meat since 1986) - so I was happy to see that Fukumimi has a Chicken Ramen on the menu.  My first experience with restaurant ramen was in Little Tokyo in L.A. and lemme tell ya - Fukumimi blew that L.A. ramen out of the water.  Fukumimi's broth was dense in flavor and the Chicken Chashu included in the bowl was well-spiced, flavorful and mind-blowing. Easily one of the best food experiences I've had in Vegas. Dangerously close to work - I asked for their punch card.  I expect I'll be earning a free appetizer a week!
4	It's ramen weather, it's ramen weather!The weather is getting cooler and as I ready my scarves and sweaters, I also look forward to trying new noodle soup places. My OG Ryan B and I decided to embark on a foodie adventure this evening by trying Fukumimi Ramen. It was my OG's first foray into the world of ramen, so we were both excited about this new spot. We opted to start with the karaage appetizer and I ordered the spicy ramen with added corn. My OG chose the Tori Ramen. Our food came out quite quickly. The chicken was hot and fresh. Definitely a pleasant surprise. I definitely recommend this as a starter. It had great flavor and was very juicy. The ramen was awesome too. Nice flavor and well-developed broth. The corn added a nice crunch and I always enjoy sprouts. The more of those the better. I still prefer Ramen Sora, but I have to say that I did enjoy it a bit more than Monta. I'm so glad to get this checked off my bookmark list and happy that I got to enjoy it with good company. Service was standard and efficient.
4	This was my first foray into the world of Real ramen, as opposed to Cup O'Noodles poor-kid ramen. I was pleasantly surprised.I guess normally ramen is made with pork, but Fukumimi had chicken ramen so I tried that. The broth was just right on a crisp winter night. The appetizer was juicy bits of fried chicken. Unfortunately the name escapes me.Service was great and all the people seemed very friendly. It's one of those places where there's not just one thing that's great, but everything is done very well, and I can get behind a place like that.
3	It's a small and intimate spot and I love the wood walls!Service was efficient and friendly. Food came out fast too. I ordered the tan tan noodle which was their spicy pork in thicker broth. The broth was thicker because of the sesame paste and the taste was ok. I don't think I am a fan of sesame paste but at least I can say I've tried it. Also, the dish was not spicy.
2	My husband did not enjoy the spicy ramen. Maybe had three small pieces of pork. I thought the miso ramen was alright. We also had the chasu bowl. The pork was sweet and there was very little in the bowl. Won't be trying that again. Monta ramen it still Las Vegas's best ramen!
5	yelped ramen in vegas and this was the top rated resultcame in with a terrible hangover and a overall bad vegas trip, this place sort of salvaged it.got the Fukumimi ramen, with added spicy paste.  Everything melded well together, noodle texture was great, brother was bomb, and the chasu meat was top notch.  Only thing i wish they added was bamboo (personal prefernce)Service was great also, friendly waitresses. will be back next time! hopefully minus the hangover
5	First of all I have been eating ramen my whole life. My expectations were meager. First we had the curry rice and it was super flavorful with a hint of sweetness. Miso ramen is the benchmark of ramen and the broth was full and powerful but the real star was the noodles. Very thin but must be homemade because the held firm to the last bite with a great flavor. And the karrage was some of the best I have eaten. Served with a little seasoned salt for dipping and a green salad with a tasty miso vinegrette. Look out Monta it just got real.
2	Pros: closer to my house than china townCons: a little salty, only one type of noodle(thin), kind of expensive for the portion, and they don't have gyoza!
5	Its not on my side of town but I went out of my way to try this place and I was glad that I did! Good to know that if I'm heading out to Henderson or the southeast that their is an Authentic Ramen shop to satisfy my hunger! Japanese owned! Great Staff
5	I am quite amazed at how Fukumimi has impressed me. My friend and I started with their karaage, and wow! It definitely brought back some memories. This is how my aunt's tasted like and if I didn't order ramen I could've ordered more! Now onto the ramen, I ordered Tonkotsu-Shio (salt) and my friend got their miso. I thought there was too much garlic oil on my bowl but it didn't "foul" my ramen so I have no complaints. The noodles here are the thin kind and I'm a big fan of Sora's thick noodles, but as long as the noodles are cooked perfectly it's all good in the neighborhood. Their broth was delicious. It was rich and flavorful. I never finish "drinking" the soup of any noodle bowl (ramen, udon, pho, etc.) but for the first time I finally reached the bottom. I also had a taste of my friend's miso broth and thought that it was pretty tasty as well. So much so that I intend to order miso on my next visit. I'm not a miso fan so this is serious haha! My friend and I were disappointed there wasn't togarashi available. We thought that that was standard condiment to ramen. I'll have to come back several more times to finally decide which one is my favorite ramen-ya. ON A SIDE NOTE: I feel like Monta is overrated since it has dominated the ramen scene in Vegas for a long time now. People forget that there are alternatives and other "executions" of ramen, and that die-hard Monta lovers become stagnant in their taste profile (there, I said it). Maybe I'm just feeling this way because the last three times I've been there (within a span of 2 years), my broth was always freaking salty! Even their mini bowls were also salty. But I'm always willing to come back, hoping that they fixed their salt-happy ways and actually make their broth the way it was when they first opened. I miss old Monta!!
4	I needed to eat something soupy and great for a cold.  What else would've been better than ramen?!  Picked out this place based on the reviews and the pictures.  We went there for dinner and there were lots of parking available.  We were seated right away, I guess we got there at the right time for dinner.  I ordered the tantan men and karaage.  I really enjoyed the broth of the tantan men because it was perfect for my cold, flavorful and little kick of spiciness.  As for the karaage it was great!  It wasn't oily and it was cooked just right.
3	I've waited a bit to post this review...and skipped on chances to go back. My one and only visit was on a Saturday morning...and I was there right when they opened the doors. Parking is great and at that time of morning there was no line...although the place did fill up fast. I sat at the counter and had a great view of the kitchen which can be a double edged sword. While the kitchen was clean and the staff worked well together, things started to sour for me when I saw a box of Sysco produce come out of the back. I know Sysco supplies a lot of the businesses in the valley but this just turned me off. After watching the kitchen for a bit my bowl of "spicy" fukumimi ramen finally arrived. For a dish that was supposed to be spicy I reached for the spices a lot. And the charsiu....was ok, but not as good as other places I've had around town. The broth was good, but yet I've had better. Long story short for the East side....this is passable. But it's not all that. Let's be blunt. Ramen Sora smokes this place. And while Monta is a bit of a drive for me and Fukumimi will do in a pinch when I can't get to Monta...the fact is Monta kicks their derriere all over the place and still stands supreme as the best bowl of ramen I've had yet. I will go back and try Tetsuro's Tan Tan Men recommendation but for now...it's good...but not great. I'm giving Fukumimi a 3 Star reality check.
4	A great find, thanks all you yelpers!  Just wish it was not in a dying strip mall......Thanks all you yelpers for helping me find one of my favorite and recent noodle places.  Reviews from Judd L, Nelson Q and Lisa R were making my pavlovian response take over and we went there on Sunday afternoon about 1:30 pm on a New Year weekend. Would have been perfect if the tour bus of people weren't there occupying the whole place....1.  Ambiance - Small, perhaps it can seat about 35 people using all seats and  counter area.  Clean, small waiting place, open kitchen2. Bathroom - You know how I am about asian restaurants (usually chinese) with good food and terribly awful bathrooms. Well this place is elegant.... Gotta have nice toilet ambiance to really relax....3.  Service - I really like going to a noodle place and not everyone is yelling Irashaimasu so loud that I feel like I am at Disneyland.  The staff is very nice, efficient, pleasant, well mannered, attentive, japanese speaking.4.  Food Karaage - Oh this is a delicate and tender morsel of chicken.  Steaming hot, incredibly tasty.  It does not get better than this.Edamame - Traditional with your basic salt and not all the fancy stuff like other places. This is just right to whet your appetite.Chicken Bowl - If you are not liking or feeling like slurping, then this is it. I would probably have ordered the Chicken Curry Rice Bowl, as this one looked tasty but a bit sparse.  The wifey ordered it and we were all just getting over colds, so really did not share.Fukumimi Ramen - A bit of pork belly, tonkotsu, egg, seaweed, very tasty and very nice broth. The broth was not over powering and was very simple but tasty.TanTan Ramen - Interesting. Not too spicy, a more complex broth and a bit over powering. I prefered the delicate and light broth of the Fukumimi Ramen.Miso Ramen - Tonkotsu with the miso sause.  My daughter liked it and she is quit the critic, so this must have been good.GK says, check this place out.  Do not go during main eating hours as it is small and crowded.
4	delicious ramen, maybe the best in vegas. rich broth and above average noodles. curry rice is good, too. place is small, so be prepared to wait if you go during between 6 and 8 pm-ish.
4	If you plan to frequent this little ramen restaurant on a regular basis, be sure to ask for their stamp card.  You get a complimentary order of gyoza or chicken karaage after ordering four ramen.Also come early to beat the dinner rush, unless you are not in a rush.  The food here is pretty good. I ordered the Fukumimi Ramen, with all of its extras on my first visit, and the soup was flavorful and very delicious. I did not care for the thin ramen noodle that was served, but that is a personal preference.The Chicken Karaage was good, but we might have been too polite and let it sit on the plate too long, because it was a little greasy by the time I ate my first piece.Service is friendly, efficient, even when the restaurant is at full capacity.A great ramen spot on the east side of town.Ambiance: 4/5  Cozy little spot that is well lit and clean, with view of portion of the kitchen.  It has no fancy decor, but ramen is fast food and who has time to get distracted by anything except that steamy hot bowl of noodles and brothy goodness once it is placed on your table.Service:  4/5  No compliant.Food:  4/5  Wonderful flavor, portion is not huge, but enough to satiate most appetites. Price:  4/5  Competitive.Parking:  4.5/5  Plenty when I went in the evening, even when the restaurant is packed.Solid 4 stars!
4	Came here on a Saturday night with my man friend and were pleasantly surprised at the emptiness of the restaurant.. ( I really hate waiting.. who doesn't?) Any who.. we already knew what we wanted to get before coming here.. Karaage _ Like everyone has already said.. It is delish!!! Crispy but not oily~ good portion too~!Fukumimi ramen_ i asked to add some garlic oil to it but I don't know if that even made a difference. I thought it was pretty tasty.. Pretty rich but not TOO porky.. and not overly salty like Monta's ... & Noodles were cooked perfectly.Tan Tan Men_ It was my first time trying this dish and I thought it was pretty good.. It had some sort of deep nutty flavor to it.. I don't really like nuts that much LOL so i was good just stealing a couple bites from my bf~ Kimchi_ my BF really liked their kimchi haha it is more of the fresher variety so it didn't have that fermented sour taste that I like.. Nice waitresses & chefs, fast service! Check it out if you're in the area ;]]]
4	Let's be honest, I have not reviewed any place for ages, despite my many check-ins.  I enjoyed my meal and experience so much that I thought I would share:)1) Karaage - Perfect! Nicely seasoned and crunchy. The dressing on the greens was yummy. $3.902) Curry bowl - Very tasty, enjoyed the pickled veggies on the side. $3.50 for small3) Tan tan men - First timer! What a nice surprise.  It has a peanut/curry taste to it with hint of sweet & spice.  Delish...worth a try! This dish is a rare find in Vegas.I was satisfied with my overall dining experience, restaurant was clean and modern and the wait staff was very welcoming.  I was pleasantly surprised to see an older Japanese couple, which makes me think one word = LEGIT!Screw the far drive to chinatown and the long wait at other ramen places...TRY this place!Next time, I plan to try the Tori ramen (chicken)...woohoo another stamp on my stamp card. One step closer to free gyoza or free karaage
5	YES! finally a Ramen spot on the East Side of Vegas well South East but I'll take it!Food:Kara-age (Japanese Fried Chicken): 5/5Very delicious, it comes with a side of mixed greens with house dressing and grey salt. It actually didn't even need the grey salt because the Karaage was already lightly salted but it was a nice compliment to gourmet salts.   Fukumimi Miso Ramen: 4/5LOVED the broth, it was very smooth and flavorful without the super saltiness of Monta (although I still love Monta). If you know me or have read my reviews you know I LIKE IT SPICY. So I drown my soup with sesame oil and Japanese chilli power Togarashi. Their Tamago (egg) was delicious! I just wished they soaked it in the marinade a bit longer, it looked very light but still delicious. The soft boil was perfect and yolky. Their Cashu pork was equally delicious and soft, I just wish they gave you more than just 1 slice but not too much, I felt if I order the extra (3+slices) it would've been too over the top. Service: 4/5It was surprisingly empty when I went around 5pm on a Saturday, but the staff was still very nice and attentive and up beat even if they were slow. Our waitress was very nice and explain our questions very well. Except my table didn't get any straws for our waters and my friend said other tables were given straws. So I have this dislike of drinking water in restaurants from the rim of a cup where multiple people have had their mouths there too. lolLocation: 5/5Love the location, East Las Vegas needs some Asian flavors. Seriously, its hard to find a sushi restaurant or anything in this area. I say PRIME SPOT! There's no competition. This is place has made it to my top 2 spot but hey if I'm closer to here than Monta. I'd go to Fukumimi.
5	For Vegas, this is my new favorite ramen joint. The best ramen I've ever had was in Queen's Square, Yokohama, Minato-ke, Japan. So now, all other ramen joints get compared to this experience.Fukumimi manages to make a excellent tonkotsu (pork) broth that is the best broth in town. I always get the spicy version here, which to me isnt spicy at all, but adds good flavor. (On an asian scale of spice, its like a 2/10).The charsui (braised tender pork belly), is hit or miss. Sometimes its really tender, and sometimes its not. Monta has better charsui, and it is consistently good..But overall I like Fukumimi more.Pros:Great brothGreat flavorAffordable PriceCons:Inconsistency on the char suiSmall restaurant (maybe 20-25 seats total).
4	No wait, better noodles, cheaper and more choices of drinks vs. Ramen Sora. If they had fried rice as good as Ramen Sora I wouldn't bother going to Ramen Sora anymore. Fukumini also does a frequent buyer rewards card and all you have to do is get pass your fourth bowl for a  free appetizer.
4	One of the coldest days in town so I was looking to warm up. A ramen place on the east side of town, interesting and exciting! I went in ore one thing and one thing only, miso tonkatsu ramen.Food came out quickly so I jumped in to get the chill out of my bones. Slurped through the tasty broth then took own h pork and noodles. Definitely a good bowl of ramen. Can't wait to plan my next trip.The servers were very friendly and made several visits to our table to make sure were satisfied. Yes we were!!
5	New place for Ramen!Location:  This place is awkwardly located in strip mall a few blocks away from UNLV on Tropicana.  Been here a couple times and it feels a little sketchy at night.Food:  I always order the spicy miso ramen.  Broth is pretty tasty.  Unlike the other ramens on the menu they chop up the charsiu in this one which is a little wierd but it taste good nonetheless.  You must get their Kara-age which is one of the best I have tasted in awhile.  Service:  Service is pretty good here.  They chef actually ask the customers if everything was okay which I don't see to often anymore.Overall its a good ramen place but I wish it was easier to get to.
5	I have to thank my cousin Steven for taking me here as this was some dang good ramen!  Trust me, I have eaten ramen from all over Japan and Hawaii has some real good ones too and this place is right there on top.  It was so good that I actually ate this delicious Tonkotsu pork broth three times in my one week stay in Las Vegas. On the Appetizer side: the Chicken Karage was recommended, and it came out piping hot.  I loved the crispness of fried skin, followed by the moist juicy tender chicken.  They also have Kim Chee which isn't your typical Korean style but one that is on the sweeter side. Their Edamame was ok.  Would of been better if they had some kind of sauce or maybe a garlic type. Over all this place rocks and next year I will be back for sure.
4	THANK YOU, GPS, for screwing up and sending us in circles around this ramen restaurant!!When we finally found Fukumimi, we were a little skeptical because it didn't look like much from the outside.  It was located in a nondescript seemingly vacant strip mall.  The exterior of the restaurant boasted no more than their restaurant name and a lit "OPEN"  sign, betraying what we were to soon find out their cozy, modern inside.  The decor was spartan chic in a way that only Japanese can be.As expected, the menu was fairly limited.  Unlike other places, they offer only rice bowls...no fried rice (I do enjoy Japanese-style fried rice).  Up until this point, the aroma of the restaurant did a lot to convince me that the ramen may be legit.  But I still needed more...so I ordered the purist's favorite tonkotsu ramen.  Hubby went with the Fukumimi special which from what I can gather is just a supersized version of their regular tonkotsu ramen.  We also ordered the recommended karaage as well as a small chicken bowl.Chicken bowl - comforting, pretty decent, well-flavoredKaraage - BEST I've ever had.  Moist, lightly battered and tender...served with a mini salad and some special salt / lemon wedgeRamen - The broth was excellent.  Rich without being overwhelming and definitely well-seasoned and flavored.  The garlic oil was a great addition and the egg (of which I ordered extra) was perfectly cooked in that the yolk was jelly-like instead of yellow and chalky.Service was nice, very friendly...though I don't know why but the ramen chefs seemed to be talking about me, somewhat disconcerting until I got distracted by the food.  (I swear, I'm not vain...but they could probably tell we were out-of-towners.  A quick scan of the cars parked outside seem to yield that everyone in the joint is from NV.)Definitely a must-visit...the wait wasn't as ridiculous as the other highly-touted ramen place.  Hopefully one day they will see fit to add fried rice to their repertoire of dishes.
3	Overpriced! Bad service. Waitresses were unfriendly. The ramen was good but for over 9 dollars it could have had more than 2 pieces of meat and half an egg. Food quality was good but not worth the price.
5	WOW. i've striked the gold in vegas.this ramen spot is pretty darn amaze. super tranquil tonkotsu soup with a hint of graceful spice for the tan tan mein. Owned and run by Japanese chiefs and owners, this ramen spot is a must eat.it's a little ways off the strip, but its a great escape from the glutinous buffets of heart attacks.
5	My dinner experience with fukumimi was great!  There was no line, we were seated as soon as we enter. We ordered karaage, tonkotsu soy ramen and fukumimi ramen. All of it tasted just right and delicious. Karaage is like chicken filet, crunchy but juicy inside that came with a salad, love the dressing btw. Both ramen is delicious. Their broth cooked just right, not too rich and not too watery.Service was fast. The toilet is clean. They accept credit cards. Lots of parking space. Though a little expensive compare to the ramen resto in chinatown...But I highly recommend it for ramen lovers!
5	Can we say SUPER DELICIOUS RAMEN! We came here as our last stop before leaving vegas to go back home and honestly this was a great "hangover cure"! It made me feel so much better :] The soup base is very clean and not too heavily salted, which is what I like. Usually some places I always ask them to give me low salt, just cause sometimes you feel like you're drinking salt water. The ramen was also very tasty and chewy! I like their decor it was simple and clean! I like that they only have a handful of things to choose from, so you know everything is all their specialty. Not some jumbo mumbo put together shittty ramen. Service was also great and on spot! Definitely would come here again if I'm in vegas and feeling that ramen mood! ^^
5	In December, I  went on a short tour of all the most popular California Ramen-Yas, and the weirdest thing was that I really could not find one that was better than FUKUMIMI. I believe that we Las Vegas folks should feel privileged that we have the very best Ramen-Ya in all of America. There are two owners here: former Osaka native: Katsu-San. And, Torrance native: Daisuke-San. Torrance is the Ramen Capital of America. I lived in Arcadia most of my life, and I always remember the Japanese residents driving all the way to Torrance whenever they wanted Ramen(and that's a pretty long drive). Believe me, there is not even one bad Ramen-Ya in Torrance. And, any Japanese chef from that town is going to be an expert at perfecting a bowl of ramen. The Japanese-American community here in LV believes that FUKUMIMI is a Hakata Ramen-Ya. But, Katsu-San informed me the other day that it is actually an Osaka variation. I have never in my life seen an Osaka Ramen-Ya. No wonder the broth is so unique with it's Tonkotsu fusion of Miso, Shio, or Shoyu. What makes FUKUMIMI the greatest Ramen-Ya in America is that it's Tan Tan Men is a Tokyo Chuka Ryori variation.  There are other Ramen-Yas in LA that serve Tan Tan Men but apparently it is a Yokohama variation(Yokohama having the giant China town). Chin-Ma-Ya is the only other Ramen-Ya in America that features a Tokyo variation, but on Jan 20th Chin-Ma-Ya closed it's doors, making FUKUMIMI the one and only place in America to get this variation of Tan Tan Men. I asked Daisuke-San why the Tan Tan Men at FUKUMIMI is almost identical to Chin-Ma-Ya, and he informed me of the close connections he has to the owner of that establishment. Apparently, it is a shared recipe.I just want to point out that every Japanese Yelper but 2 have given this place 5-Stars. And the 2 J-yelpers who didn't give this place a 5, gave it a 4-Star rating. Isn't that proof enough that this is the best Ramen-Ya in America?
3	I've been here thrice already and to sum it up:1st visit: mediocre. my order of tonkotsu ramen was suspicious with its weird broth buildup on the top. tonkotsu ramen (salt) $7.50.2nd visit: hated the tan tan men. $8.953rd visit: had tonkotsu ramen (soy) $7.50 and this visit was probably the best of the 3. I actually really liked the noodles this time and the broth was normal compared to my first visit.Overall, it's very far from my home but I definitely wouldn't be dropping by unless we were in the area and really wanted ramen.Still worth a try for anyone thinking about it, though. Service is good and the establishment is small & cozy so it's kind of hard for them to ignore you. They also have stamp cards and you don't have to get a bazillion stamps before you can get something free -- in this case, karaage (6 pcs).
5	It was so cold and we craved for some type of soup.  As my roommate has promoted to me, we decided to take a quick drive over.  I had their tonkotsu spicy and I requested the broth to be extra hot.  It came out so nice.  With a cold coming, my throat felt so good.  Their noodles were excellent and it was crunchy to me.  The sliced pork was very well portion and tender.  Soup was not too spicy.  Since my gf was afraid of spice, she went with the tonkotsu soy.  Judging by the fact that the bowl was empty.  It must have been solid for her. Service was above and beyond.  Because of my request for extra hot broth, they were a little confused.  They made an effort to have another person ask me what I asked to clear up the haze.  After we got out bill, we received a stamp card.  Buy 4 bowls and get one app free.  Winner! I do see us coming back again on a cold day.  Place does get really packed.  We came in about 30 mins after opening and after it was full house.  There is bar seating and only about 5-6 tables.  Groups diners, you have been warned.
4	Stopped by at the suggestion of a ramen-loving, foodie friend. Fukumimi does not disappoint! I had the Tonkatsu Ramen (Miso) with seaweed. The broth was rich in flavor, but not heavy and in my opinion not as salty as Monta's Miso Ramen. I ate every last bite.  The dude ordered the Tonkatsu Ramen (Spicy) and an order of Karaage Chicken. His broth was also full of flavor, but not overwhelming, and the spice level was just right. Didn't try the Karaage, but the crisp looked great and it smelled wonderful...And that's coming from someone who doesn't generally the smell of chicken. The atmosphere was busy, but not too loud even with every table taken. Our server was friendly, polite and pretty attentive considering how busy it was. The place is small, but clean. We'll be back!
4	My hubby and I was attracted there because his co-worker strongly recommend this place.so we went to try it one late night.the place is a kind of tiny like home kitchen,but the atmosphere is good ,almost full of customer.we felt a little bit surprise about its good business,but after we tried one bowl of house special ramen and ask for another one,we figure out the reason.the food was so tasty and the soup base made me feel amazing.the only regret is after meal I felt a little bit thirsty maybe they put some MSG,or maybe the soup base is salty.another thing is the price is a little bit higher than we've tried like sora ramen,monta ramen.almost 10bucks for just noodles with few chashu pork,pricy for me. So you can try once a week as a change of appetite but not for everyday meal.
4	I went with a friend for dinner here. As soon as we arrive and we were greeted and seated right away. The place was small and very homely. They were busy. Our waiter came and got our ordered. We ordered the Tonkotsu (salt) and the Karaage. The Karaage was super delicious and came with 6pc. with alittle salad. The ramen was also delicious  The soup was very rich in flavor so i could only have a little of it. Service was good. Staffs were very nice.
4	Finally had time to drive all the way across town to give it a go!Tried the "Tantan Men" ramen, which was a Szechuan style spicy ramen with red chili oil!  I also tried the Fukumimi ramen, which comes with extra pork, egg and nori. Everything was good here, but I think that "other" ramen place a little better.  They do give you plenty of pork though, just didn't enjoy the taste as much truthfully.  Pic :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fukumimi-ramen-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#zY0F82mi3QlwIK-v6L1qTQWhat I really liked was the SOBORO bowl! It was super yummy, with marinated ground pork and veggies! I kept eating my son's food, because it was that good lol!  Plus we got some extra nori because it is one of his most favorite things ever! We did have to pay $1 though, where most places are usually free for the baby....but still worth it.  Check it out :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fukumimi-ramen-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#UHZ-q-EvOcCzZHpcWngIxQCheck it out if you are on this side of town....Southeast, near Trop and Eastern
4	This is the second time I've been here, and have left a happy customer for the second time. The wait staff is super attentive and good arrives quickly. The tonkotsu ramen(salt) is very yummy. Super rich and flavorful. Noodles are cooked perfectly... Not too soggy. The karaage was hot and fresh as always. I will definitely be back
3	I was excited to try another Ramen spot in town.  With all the great reviews I was really excited.  We ordered the miso ramen and the spicy ramen.  I think the broth was excellent, but was not a fan of the noodles.  I thought they were very thin and boring.  Pork was tender but not the best i've had.  I thought the chicken karaage was very moist and tender.  Since this restaurant is not on my side of town...I don't know if I would go out of my way to eat here, but maybe if i was in the neighborhood.
5	Seriously the best Ramen spot in town! Ive tried Monta's and Shoku Ramen and i promise you, this place KILLS both of them! I absolutely love the spicy tonkatsu ramen with the soboro bowl with karrage. Go NOW
5	I was deserately craving ramen (as per usual) and decided to give this place a shot since I had heard such great things and had yet to try it.  First of all, the people who work there are so cute and sweet!!  It was a Wednesday night and the restaurant was pretty empty.  It's set up very similar to the other ramen joints: small, with wooden tables and some bar seating.  I got seated right away and ordered the Fukumimi Ramen, which says it come with extra chasyu and nitamago.  The serving was huge and it was absolutely delicious.  The broth was heavenly and just the right amount of saltiness and porkiness.  It didn't taste heavy at all.  The noodles were also perfectly cooked.  The Chasyu was melt in your mouth tender.  The only thing that was surprising was that I only got one half of an egg since I thought the Fukumimi Ramen came with extra egg.  I also ordered the karaage chicken which I thought were just okay.  It's more like chicken breast rather than chicken wings.  Maybe I waited too long to eat them because they weren't all that crunchy on the outside and a tad bit oily.I would say that this is right up there with Sora.  I haven't been to Sora for at least a month now so I will have to go back soon so I can make a valid comparison.
5	One of the best Ramen places in LV.  The soboro Bowl was flavorful and packed a great punch for such a tiny item.  My wife and I were fighting for the last bite.  I enjoyed my Spicy Tonkatsu Ramen.  The noodles were perfect, the bit of pork and the sweetness of the added corn made it heavenly.  When it comes to Ramen Houses, its all about the broth.  It was great!  I highly recommend this Ramen house.
5	Next to Ramen Sora, this also hits the Ramen spot.  I finally got to try this place with the BF and we both loved it!I ordered the Miso Fukumimi Ramen.  The seasoned egg in my Ramen was my favorite part!  Their broth here is so on point.  It's creamy, not too salty, and the flavor totally knocks me off my feet.  The broth is also my favorite part; next to that lovely egg.  I swear...that egg!The pork in my ramen was also good, but slices aren't as thick as the ones at Ramen Sora. My man ordered the Salt Fukumimi Ramen and was also in love with the broth.  He enjoyed the entire bowl too and loved it!  We are definitely coming back to this spot for Ramen!
5	Yelpers are losing their marbles trying to figure out what the best ramen is in Las Vegas.  I'm not here to tell you that Fukumimi is better or worse than the next ramen spot.  I'm here to tell you that I had quite a pleasant experience here, and I would recommend you to come check it out.A lot of people recommend the tan tan men ramen, but spicy soups are not my style.  I went for the tonkotsu with soy I believe.  There is no menu online for me to confirm the exact name, but I got the soy based one as opposed to miso or salt or a spicier variation.  Chashu, green onion, and corn.  That is all I need.  I didn't feel like it was overly salty like some have mentioned.  I recommend the soy broth if you don't want to be so mainstream, delicious and simple, and more natural it seemed, as opposed to other flavorings.The karaage is also a perfect appetizer.  It's like getting raisin canes from Japan!! (joke, although I am very fond of the Canes chain).This restaurant will be successful.  The staff are very sweet and accommodating as well.  We were sitting next to another couple, and our server asked us if we wanted to move our table a little farther so we could have more privacy.  It's the little things, I like that.
5	Okay this place and Monta are my favorite ramen spots. Not even going to compare them, they're both amazingly good.We all kind of ordered different ramens and shared, so the only thing I could really tell you is that they hit the spot every time. Such bomb food, it's just a shame I live all the way across town. Ah, what am I saying, it's worth the drive!!
5	Fukumimi is so legit. This review is sans all the geographical, technical ramen nonsense and all about the delicious food.The Karaage is my kind of fried chicken. Lightly breaded, lightly fried, nice and moist. However, maybe it was the batch we got but it seemed under seasoned. Nothing some chili flakes (they didn't have togarashi) and sriracha can't fix but I wonder if the breading was supposed to have more spice? They gave us a frequent diner card that'll get us a free app every few bowls. Without a doubt, karaage will be my choice.Just saying, whoever designed this menu needs a lesson in menu-writing. And I don't mean graphics! It's totally confusing! There are so many options: Fukumimi Ramen, Tan Tan Men, Shoyu, Shio, Miso, Tonkotsu, blah blah blah. I can totally appreciate options, but there isn't enough description to figure out which one to order. A well-written menu doesn't make you scratch your head; it's supposed to inspire you to eat, well, everything.With my menu rant over with, I'm back to talking about how much I love the food. After a few questions to the waitress (who was super nice might I add), I finally decided on the Fukumimi Ramen with the Miso broth (you have a choice).  I think the Fukumimi bowl is like your "deluxe" bowl at Sora: half an egg, a couple slices of pork, a few nori, menma, green onion. Then of course you can add any extras you desire.Broth was rich and flavorful without being too salty. They add black garlic oil at the end which adds even more depth. Noodles aren't as thick as I like but still nice and chewy. I swear, with all these ramen places opening, there are so many different types of charsiu in Vegas now. Their pork is less tender than most places and more chewy. It was also cut really thick. I'm all for delicious pork but because it didn't just melt in your mouth it was a little more difficult to eat.Fukumimi runs a little east for me. UNLV is as far east as I usually go so I probably won't be here as much as I like. If I'm in the area though, I'm for sure going to try to stop by. It's down the street from my favorite Middle East market by the Liberace Museum so maybe I can work it into my usual hits!
4	Taste nice. Love the Tori ramen n fukumimi one!!!
5	In the race to monopolize on the booming ramen fad in Vegas, Fukumimi has created a splash in the ramen-ya scene. The quick and dirty: get the Fukumimi Ramen (shio-based). Your taste buds will thank you. The long and delectably disgustingly delicious: My friend's first reaction to seeing the The Fukumimi Ramen: "Wtf is that black stuff floating in there?!"My response: "It's black garlic oil, noob!" So if any of you guys are hesitant about the layer of questionable black oily liquid floating in your broth, know that it's good for your tummy, your heart, and your soul.But seriously, I loved the black garlic oil that they put in the broth- only adds more depth to this deceptively simple-tasting broth. It's not as hearty as some tonkotsu broths I've tried in the past, but it still packs a punch taste-wise. Best part of this broth is that it's not overly salty like some other ramen places...*cough* Monta *cough*The only noodles available here are the thinner egg style noodles that regularly come with tonkotsu ramen. Even though I prefer thick noodles (Ramen Sora!!) the noodles here were perfectly al dente, not soggy at all.The egg is always perfectly done with the yolk still half runny. Chashu is a bit well done compared to what I prefer. I love when that delicious pork belly melts in your mouth!Soboro bowl: seasoned minced meat, egg, rice, and green onions. Very simple dish. I felt like this dish was just okay, not really memorable or something I would crave. I'd have liked a bit more of sauce/juice/gravy from the minced meat so it wouldn't be so dry.Karaage: deep fried chicken. While very juicy and fresh, I felt it was a bit under-seasoned. If you intend to come here regularly, make sure you get a stamp card from your server. For every four bowls of ramen, you get a free appetizer: gyoza or karaage.Overall, great service and a clean restaurant. I'll definitely be coming back for more ramen and to try their other bowls.
4	Quality ramen with a twist.  A newcomer to the ramen scene.  This time on the East side.  Ain't nothing wrong with that.Noodles - hardly seasoned but chewy.  Check.Chashu - tender porky goodness.  Check.Salt, soy, miso, spicy broths.  Check, check, check, check.Ramen that showcases it all - very flavorful "Fukumimi" (tonkotsu topped with everything).  Check.So what sets it apart from the big boys, Sora and Monta?  Tantan Men; a simple, almost naked bowl of noodles swimming in an exceptional spicy sesame broth.   The broth is so intense, you can't see the noodles through its mustard yellow liquid.  Tender baby bok choi breaks the one dimensional texture.  Thanks you Godzilla X for bringing this elixir to my attention. PC Tip:  While manners dictate you should drink all the ramen broth,  those with a weak constitution or first time connoisseurs should make an exception for very rich and spicy tantan men.   Just sayin.Excellent chicken karaage (crisp with the hint of ginger flavor).  Good curry rice (strong with bits of tender pork).  NO GYOZA.  NO TONKATSU.A very worthy addition to Vegas' ramen scene.
3	Solid ramen.  Noodles were soft, tan tan men was good.  This is my first time tasting this variety, and the slightly spicy factor was pleasant.  I think i prefer tonkatsu a bit more, and I will come back here for that.  My husband got the chicken ramen, which obviously is much lighter, and I actually liked the flavor of that one more.  It also came with more fixings.  We also did the karaage, which my husband really liked.  I will come back and update.
3	I appreciate that the broth is not too salty but felt like it was too bland. The noodles were a little soft for my taste. The chashu was good and they had a shaker with red chili powder which was a bonus. The karage was good taste-wise but not as crispy as I normally like it.The service was good and the ambience was relaxing. The food, however, was just average - nothing special, nothing horrendous. I would come here again if I were in the area and friends wanted ramen. On my own, I would probably drive elsewhere.
5	Not really good location , but their ramen is good as any place else!
5	Love their Ramen !!!!!  And i usually do not like ramen from anywhere!!!  They have me hooked for life !!!
4	This place is creeping up in ratings:)  I tried the Fukumimi Miso style.  I don't think I've had as  generous a bowl of ramen anywhere else.  You get three large pieces of charsiu that is fatty and the most delicious I've had yet.  You also get seaweed and a seasoned egg.  I've not made it out to monta house yet, b/c this place is just that good.
3	After reading all the rave reviews about this place, I decided to give it a go. To start things off I ordered the kaarage which came with a salad on the side.  The salad was very tasty, but the kaarage was a bit on the greasy side (didn't agree with my stomach later).  For the main dish, I decided to go with the "classic" miso ramen.  Perhaps I didn't read the menu in detail, but that miso ramen was spicy!  I was sweating bullets.  Overall, the ramen was good for Vegas, but not "the best I ever had, the best I ever had".
4	I consulted the local ramen expert, Tetsuro P., before coming back to Fukumimi a second time.  The first time I didn't know the difference between this place and Ramen Sora or Monta.  I learned that the curly noodles at those two places are actually Sapporo style ramen and Fukumimi is Osaka style (I think that's right).  That explains why Fukumimi's noodles are different, being straight and thinner.  Upon Tetsuro-san's recommendation, I ordered the Tonkotsu-Miso fusion ramen and it was definitely a delicious choice.  Knowledge is power!  Ultimately, I prefer the Sora Sapporo style noodles, but the broth at Fukumimi is better--let's fuse those!  Domo arigato to Tetsuro for schooling me.  Also, this second trip to Fukumimi was Elizabeth B.'s first UYE.  It was a fabulous evening with: (roll call)  her, Joe L., Mel C., Chad S., Alicia R., Francisco A., Ian A., and Shirley B.  Fun times at Fukumimi!  The end.
4	My first real ramen experience was at Ramen Sora and I surely wasn't disappointed. My check in to Ramen Sora resulted to a ton of advice coming from other Yelp peeps from Las Vegas to SoCal. Either I have lots of love coming from my Yelp homies or they knew I was a newbie to this phenomenon called Ramen.  One common advice, if I like Ramen Sora, I will love Fukumimi. I knew that this visit was coming soon and when Elizabeth B set up the UYE, I could not resist.  Somewhat armed with knowledge, one thing that I knew coming in was the noodle type that each place proposes.  The Tantan Men was highly suggested, but there was too much in it that I was not allowed to eat until after Easter. So, kept this place bookmarked just for their Tantan Men. I opted for Fukumimi's Tonkotsu Miso Ramen minus the meat, added 2 extra eggs, and 3 extra seaweeds. When it comes to taste, I admit the broth was perfect and creamy.  You also know it's creamy when you cannot see anything deep inside your bowl. So good that I didn't finish my bowl.  As a special touch I added the Karaage to my order, which is basically small fried chicken pieces.  But there's nothing basic about their Karaage. The Karaage is a tastier and super tender boneless chicken that's also lightly breaded.  This complimented the ramen to perfection.  As for who's got it better than them? Well, depends on the person. I prefer the taste of Fukumimi, but the noodles of Ramen Sora. In other words, I'm torn but do not mind taste testing both and having a personal challenge for the rest of my life.Couple of UYE call outs.  First time to hang out at a UYE with Elizabeth B, Ian A, Shirley B, and Joe L.  It's been a pleasure and great minds do think alike.  Another UYE with Terri R, Alicia R, Francisco A, and Chad S in a week's time.  This is becoming habit, this is becoming family. Thanks Elizabeth B. for setting this up. You're the best!!PS: Ate "Food for You" aka Shirley B taught me a chopstick trick when eating ramen. That is to keep the chopsticks intact and use it like a fork and twirl the noodles together. Sort of like how you use a fork to eat spaghetti. Pretty slick Shirley B.
5	Mouth watering yummy!!!
3	Finally a Ramen place on the east side!! I'm really excited since this place is so close to where I live!Ok before anything else I just want to say that there is an old lady server that works here, and I think she hates me. I've been here twice and was treated with the same discourteous attitude. I tipped her $5 each time in hopes of a smile but to no avail...Now that I got that off my chest it's down to business.Fukumimi is known for their Tan Tan Men, (a spicy, very rich ramen) and their flaky karaage (fried battered chicken tenders that is a perfect match to your warm bowl of ramen). Lets start of with the noodles. Just like Monta Ramen House, they serve their ramen with firm noodles, I personally prefer Sapporo style noodles since it's more chewy, but there's nothing wrong with Fukumimi's straighter and firmer noodles.The base of the Tan Tan men is hot and tasty. I had no problem slurping down their savory and slightly spicy ramen until I reached 3/4 of the bowl, at that point I was overwhelmed by its richness. Now I'm the kind of person who gets the XL bowls and order side dishes all over the table, yes that's me, but on this occasion, it was just a bowl of ramen and a side of karaage, but with just that I was already feeling heavy.It's a well known fact that you can't have a bowl of hot ramen (in america) without chasu pork (those thinly sliced marinated braised pork bellies that melts in your mouth as you sip your steaming bowl of ramen).  Also adding a Tamago  (24 hour marinated hard boiled egg) with every ramen bowl wouldn't hurt.Summary:Noodles: Firm noodlesRamen Base (Tan Tan Men):  Mild, Tasty, and HeavyChasu pork: Thicker cut than usual, and not melt -in-your-mouth like Monta'sKaraage: Chicken is tender, and Batter is nice and flaky. Soboro Bowl: Bland, and not satisfyingService: Just Ok
4	It first time checking out Fukumimi Ramen. I could not think of better experience then sharing it with fellow yelpers for Elizabeth B. UYE. I did get lot of helpful hints about my newest Ramen experience since really either Monta but mainly Sora. Thankful that Francisco willing let me try piece of the Karaage. It really good. It small pieces of fried chicken goodies. The batter not too heavy or too light. Chicken nice hot and moist on the inside. Also ordered some kim chee was really good! It had just the right amount of kick too it! I ordered the Fukumimi Ramen. The broth was amazing! The noodles thiner and added different texture/taste too my ramen. Overall it was pretty good Ramen. Comes too the battle of Ramen still have too put Ramen Sora as my favorite! Monta and Fukumimi Ramen just as solid options! In the end the closest too the time always ends up on top and one not have too wait very long another leg up. Fukumimi okay size probably about the same size as Ramen Sora. They do have sitting area that can watch them make Ramen. Parking is not problem here because part of a decent little shopping mall. The whole staff did wonderful job of handling big party 12 yelpers in all. They kind enough too do separate checks for everyone. Staff supa friendly, helpful answering questions had for first timers like myself, and all yelpers some new yelpers meet. Good times. Thank you Elizabeth B. setting up Ramen night with great yelpers great company!!! Sure plan on coming back trying that spicy ramen.
4	So I came here with Lisa R for lunch one day as it's near campus and fit into her lunch break.  Really happy she suggested we go here.The ramen is delicious, the broth is delicious, and for those who don't eat pork (not my problem...) they also have chicken ramen.  They also give out loyalty cards and after your 6th visit (I think) you can get one of the choices off the card.  We got the chicken kara-age, and it was done perfectly.  Crispy exterior, moist interior, and they served it with just salt and a lemon slice, very simply done yet very tasty, plus it provided a nice texture contrast to the ramen and broth.  Overall, if you like ramen, or just want to try some good ramen, this place will not let you down.
3	I really can't say that I am a fan. Crucify me all you want, but no ramen place in town has been able to touch Monta. I know they are different type of ramen broth, yada, yada, yada...but no ramen has left me craving for more like Monta has. This place is located on the corner of Trop and Eastern, in the Burlington Coat Factory parking lot, next to Baskin Robbins. I met Jaime W here right as they opened. The staff was very friendly and the restaurant clean and simple yet modern. I opted for the tonkotsu miso with extra side of chashu. Jaime went with their Tan tan ramen. My ramen was okay, the pieces of chashu were extremely fatty and falling apart. The broth was very salty without much flavor. I finished my bowl as I felt it was okay, not return worthy, but not gag worthy either. Jaime left practically entire bowl untouched. We also had a side of chicken kaarage of which I could not eat more than one small piece. The meat was just so fatty and poor quality while also drenched in grease.The couple next to us with whom we struck up a conversation were not pleased with their food either, and left their bowls practically untouched. Maybe it was just a bad morning?  The prices were reasonable, the server friendly and when asked to split our check she didn't look at u like we just asked her to split an atom. Also, don't go bathing suit shopping after eating a bowl of ramen. Just a heads up.
5	GREAT ramen place!! I'm getting addicted to Tan tan men. It's so delicious. I am happy to live in a city with so many great ramen restaurants. is it better than Monta?? I don't know or care. Both are top notch. They are located in different parts of the city. Fukumimi cannot be missed in east LV.
5	best broth, best noodles, best pork belly!!!their ramen is better than montayes i said it
5	Polite and attentive staff, good food, and cozy ambiance is what you will get when you go to Fukumimi. The karaage chicken is boneless and not the chicken wings like other places try to pass off as karaage. The chicken is lightly coated, crispy on the outside, while the meat is juicy and tender. Paired with the mixed greens tossed in a miso dressing, it was perfect.I had ordered the tan tan men; a spicy broth mixed with ground chicken and pork. This preparation comes from Chinese influence and incorporates bok choy in it. I thought that it was the perfect balance of richness, a touch of sweetness, and saltiness. I finished mine in no time and started to eat my friend's salt miso when she couldn't finish it. Yet again, I liked the balance in the broth. The color was opaque and it tasted as if bones and meat had been simmering in it for hours. The best part was that I still felt full around dinner time. Usually Japanese food leaves me hungry a few hours later. Fukumimi is definitely stick to your ribs kind of food.
5	Is a great ramen place here, love the Japanese style tantan noodles. The soup was very different and tasty although a bit too salty. The best was their Fukumimi ramen, the soup as GREAT, the pork was tender and the noodles was done just right. Iwould say is wayyy better than Monta.
5	Best Ramen place in Vegas. Sora #2 and Monta #3 Anime is #4, Shuseki is terrible salty mess.
4	Finally I have made the trek to Fukumimi Ramen, and gladly so!  I came here with a few friends to try this new ramen joint, and was quite pleased with the results!  I ordered the Tan Tan Men, being a fan of the version at Shuseki.  I have to say, this version was totally different and unexpected!  It had a sort of curry peanut soup base to it, along with chashu and bok choy.  The soup based had a fairly strong peanut flavor to it, and was pretty well balanced.  It wasn't spicy, which might have been a nice touch (I am not sure if it can be ordered spicy or not!).  The chashu was spot on.  It melted in my mouth while at the same time being a little meatier than the chashu at Monta.  Fukumimi really nailed the chashu.  Overall I enjoyed my visit a lot, and if I am ever on this side of town I will definitely be returning!
5	So delicious!In town for a conference and stopped by thanks to Yelpers' reviews. So glad we did!BEST. KIMCHI. EVER. Ordered a plate of it as an appetizer and ate half of it like that, then ate the rest with the ramen.Edamame is great. I know edamame seems like it's all created equal, but their soybeans are plump and wonderful. They use a great flaky salt on them, too.Spicy ramen was amazing. Pork was incredibly tender, and the broth was flavorful and complex! It's good with kimchi in it, too, if you're into that. I am.The chicken ramen is great. More basic than the spicy ramen, so if you're looking for a flavor experience, go for the spicy. It's not super spicy (at least to me).Service was excellent; our server was adorable and friendly, and the whole kitchen staff asked when we left how the food was, and we were pleased to report how happy we were with the food.GO. GO EAT RAMEN.
4	Excellent Ramen flavors and the best karage chicken offered  compaired at any other ramen places in vegas area.
5	Best ramen in Vegas. Actually better than monta... Yes, I said it! Usually order the chicken karaage (very authentic Japanese style), and edamame for appetizers.  Then the fukumimi ramen for entree!  Deeeeeelish and def hits the spot to satisfy my humble ramen fix. Lots of parking in the lot, but limited seating in the restaurant (mostly for parties of 4 or less, unless sitting on the bar/stools).
4	I had to get the Fukumimi Ramen because it's like their specialty or whatevves. I had high expectations. Once the ramen actually came, well I almost didn't want to eat it. No, not because I lost my appetite, but because it just looked so damn pretty!*RAMEN BREAKDOWN*BROTH: It was good, but not the best. It sort of lacked a richness and complexity that I'm accustomed to. 4/5NOODLES: They were thin straight noodles. Pretty good. 4/5EGG: Leaning towards the soft-boiled spectrum of boiled eggs. It tickled my fancy. 4.5/5CHASHU: Okay so I rarely ever have Chashu cut so thinly, but wow that shit just straight up melted in my mouth. ACTUALLY, usually it just melted away as I was trying to pick it up with my chopsticks, but if it ever made it to my mouth still intact, it melted away, like BUTTA. 4.5/5PRESENTATION: Beautiful. 5/5SERVICEThe servers were pretty, attentive, polite, and knowledgeable. I'm not sure if they were Japanese though, but they both did have accents. I don't care about that anyway. They're everything you look for in servers.ATMOSPHERELooks just like a Shinsengumi in terms of the layout and that's a good thing. Well, the Shinsengumi by my house, at least.I approve of this ramen joint, but if I'm going to Las Vegas again, I might skip it so that I can try all the other wonderful Japanese restaurants around. Nothing personal though! I'd recommend it!
4	Heard about this place from some friends so finally had an opportunity to try it! Of course I ordered PORK BELLY. We also had Karaage, a side of Kimchi, a pork belly bowl aaaand another ramen but I can't think of the name of it now! It wasn't that great anyway... The Karaage (FRIED CHICKEN for those of you who DON'T know WTH I am talking about!) was really good! Juicy and awesome. I think they put extra sauce on the kimchi, it is REALLY good tho. NOM for sure! And my pork belly ramen was on point as well! Tender pork and delicious broth. NOM NOM NOM.
4	Oishii! Would've given them 5 stars however my friend kindly requested no green onions and well...maybe it slipped her mind but there were tons of green onion in her ramen. When trying ramen for the first time I always taste the broth first. And this broth was delicious! I believe I got the regular tonkatsu ramen and was thoroughly pleased. We got there right before the rush and the other waitresses were really nice. All in all, I would come back. I also had their japanese curry, which I found to be really good as well. Comparable to curry house back home in Hawaii. Is it better than Monta? I'm not sure, Monta's fried rice and ramen combo packs a one two punch one that Fukumimi can't beat.
3	My family tried out Sora yesterday and although the service was great we thought the ramen was just alright.  We tried Fukumimi today and loved the ramen! The chicken bowl was very good and my husband loved the spicy.  The karage was excellent. The tables were full when we arrived and a party of 5 was in front of us. We signed in and waited about 20 min. A group of 6 came in a couple of minutes after us.  One of the waitresses (not Asian) tried to seat the party of six before us.  Then she was a bit rude when told her we were next.   Our water glasses were empty and we had to flag someone down to get more.  Nobody checked on us to see if everything was alright or if we needed anything. The Asian waitress was nice and seemed to be trying hard to please customers but the other gal needs to work on her people skills.  If the service was better I'd give them a 5.
3	Took a while to find the place, but once you do, great food for a great price!
4	Love this place!!! Oishii:)))We usually have a curry rice, Karaage, tonkotsu shoyu&shio ramen which are absolutely delicious!! I like tonkotsu shoyu more than shio or miso.Better than Monta ramen and Zen curry!!!Service is okay.Can't wait to eat their Gyoza~~~!!!
4	Yup! The reviews here are LEGIT!  Forget Monta, Fukumimi is now my 'go to' place if I ever want ramen off the strip!The chaysu here is one of the best I've had!  It's has plenty of meat and more meat than fat... mmm YUM!  .. and it was perfectly cut too!  Not too think, and not too thin.The broth is good too, but I've had better.  It just wasn't as rich as I hoped it would be.  The noodles were GOOD and the egg was soft-boiled just the way it should be.  The karaage is breaded and fried just right, I LOVED it!.. and they say you eat with your eyes first right?  Well, I have to say the ramen here is definitely one of the prettiest I've seen yet!  FYI - the fukumimi ramen is the same as their tonkotsu but has more pieces of chaysu and seaweed. .. and get a punch card!
4	Small and cozy. Fast service! Wasn't in my seat 10 seconds and my order was taken! I have been wanting to try a really good Ramen place and I think I found one. I ordered 2 of the more popular items. 1st I had to try the Karaage chicken. When it came out I was pleased to see the portion size was just about perfect. I really enjoyed the dressing on the salad. As far as the chicken I wasn't really impressed. I have never had this type of chicken before and probably wont ever order it again. I also had a bowl of the Tantan Men Ramen. Simply stated it was amazing! I loved every single spoonful. I could eat this everyday! I will be back for the Ramen and will try something different. Well, I always say I will try something different, but I get on these jags that if I order something and it's spectacular like my Tantan Men Ramen was, I order it again and again. Can't wait to get back to this awesome place!
4	We ordered the Spicy Tonkatsu Ramen, Fukumimi Ramen, Creamy Chicken Ramen, and Soy Tonkatsu Ramen.The first thing we noticed were the thick layers of oil on all four bowls of noodles.  We asked for a bowl and skimmed the oil as much as we could.The spicy broth was very delicious.  The other three had similar shoyu taste.  The spicy ramen noodle was thicker than the other ones. They serve different types of ramen. The chashu meat was super tender and delicious. The eggs were very very tasty too.  We also liked the big pieces of seaweed.The place is small but nice.  Service was great too.  Menu is simple. There aren't too many selections but we like that. Price is decent.  Serving portion is on the smaller side.Overall, its a good ramen place but the soup was oily.
4	Solid little joint!  Not a whole lot to the menu but they don't need it.  Their items are pretty tasty.  We ordered tan tan men, curry rice and chicken karaage.  All of the items were delicious and cheap!  Best of the all, the noodles were the right consistency.  mmmm LOVE ramen places.   Next time I'll try their shoiyu broth with Chasyu.
4	Went to Fukumimi on lunch with some friends, after having been converted to the delicious joys of ramen by Monta earlier this winter. While I can't say I like Fukumimi quite as much as Monta, it's wonderful delicious ramen very fast.Pros: Unlike Monta, the wait is maybe 5 minutes as opposed to 45.- Prices are very very reasonable, you can be full and happy for less than $10- Seriously delicious toppings, and most of their ramen comes with them already added, so you don't need to look like a confused white person quite as much.Cons: Something about the thinner, firmer noodles compared to Monta just wasnt as enjoyable.- Almost a little too salty brothEither way, will definitely be coming back here again when I'm out towards Henderson and once it's winter once more.
3	I went to Fukumimi because I want to try other ramen shop other than Monta. I absolutely do love Monta, but I want to keep my option open because Monta get crowded too much. I got the Tonkatsu(soy) which already have an egg, chasu pork, and sea weed wrap. I have to say, it's a great deal. The noodles were good, a little too firm than I would like them. However, I also prefer thick wavy noodles, and they only had thin ones. The broth was okay, nothing special. I thought it was a little bland. Now if their pork was as soft as Monta, I would have been sold, but it was. They felt dry, and the main reason why I love Monta is because of their super soft melt in your mouth tender. All in all, I give it a 3.5 star because there was no line, close to work, and the location is easily accessible.
4	Located east of the strip. I arrived on a Sunday for lunch when parking was a breeze since its located in a partially vacant strip center. The wood decor interior was eye appealing and quite unique.I was hungry and went with the Fukumimi special which contain yummy tender slices pork, half an egg and strips of seaweed. The broth was delicious and the portion was perfectly sized. The waitress was friendly and my ramen arrived promptly since i was the only patron at the time.Overall a solid lunch that was spot on with quality ramen and service  - I'll definitely be back!
4	Taste good.  Different than Monta.  Fukumimi has richer and more fusion taste compared to Monta.  Will be back again!
4	I'll probably need to come back in more often, but I think Fukumimi is (and this isn't a particular achievement in a race of three-ish) one of the best ramen spots in town. But it left me a little wanting.The place itself is small and to the point. You come in, sit really quick, and eat in a reasonable time. Small menu as it should be. The ramen itself is definitely tasty and not lacking in anything - except broth. This is where I was left wanting. There are a ton of noodles! This is not a complaint, but I really like broth and there wasn't enough of it. It was that creamy type of broth, too. My favorite.  Small bowls are the culprit... easy fix? Other than that, it's a well-rounded ramen spot. Nothing stood out and nothing (other than a lack of broth) was disappointing.I'll be back to give more details.
5	I love the Fukumimi Ramen Special.  It has the right amount of toppings.  Plus their stamp card is great.  You get a free Chicken Kaarage after your 4th visit.
2	If you are a big fan of Monta or Ramen Sora, this place doesn't quite meet your expectations. Everything from the food to service was average or needed a lot of work. Needless to say, if you live on the east side of town I definitely respect the practicality of frequenting this place to have your ramen fix, but I'd say the trip to Monta or Ramen Sora will be worth it in the end.
4	We were pretty tired of eating at buffets day after day, so we needed some good ol' comfort food, Japanese style and Fukumimi did not disappoint!   They are located in a sorta shabby strip mall next to a small Japanese market/video shop and as soon as we walked in, it felt like we were back in Japan.   All the staff were Japanese and all the customers were too.  Enough of that lets talk about the food.We got the spicy tonkotsu, shoyu ramen, gyoza, chashu bowl, and chicken karaage.  ALL WERE EXCELLENT.  I docked one star off because our waitress was in her own world...her service was non-existent.  It seemed as though she didn't want to be there.  Perhaps it was her heavy ass eye-shadow and make-up that was bringing her down...lolzAnyways, in the end we'd come back here again.
5	This place is AMAZING! I had never had this cuisine before and we tried it on a whim recently (it is in our neighborhood and we wanted to try something new). I have been back 5 times in less than 2 months. The food was awesome, the staff is helpful and nice. I like the bar setup also because I can go in during lunchtime by myself and read my book. Love this place!
2	Not bad, but I wasn't very impressed with my meal here. With other ramen options in Vegas, I don't think I would bother going here again. I'm sad to say that since I really wanted to like this place. Maybe I'm too picky about my ramen, I don't know. I guess I've just been to many other ramen places and really enjoyed my meals there.The service was good, no complaints there. The place has a cute wooden interior and is clean.
5	Great raymen!
5	I came here for the tan tan men.Sadly, I ordered to go so I did not have the availability of the chilis and oil, available at the restaurant. It was soo heavenly! The flavor of the brother is so rich and complex with a nutty earthy flavor. My boyfriend loved it too! We will definitely be coming back. :)
2	Bf and I both ordered the tan tan men, which was delicious but overly rich.We will not be returning because of the service. The karaage was supposed to come out as our appetizer, ended up coming out after our ramen (wtf?) and it wasn't even that good. Bf kindly asked the server if she could bring us edamame instead. She replied by saying "we'll sir, we already made this for you."Ok. I work in a restaurant, I know that's not how you treat your guests. She ended up coming back to our table and asking if we wanted the karaage taken off the bill. Well obviously, we only ate one piece. Ugh. Shame on you, fukumimi.
5	Yay a ramen hut that's not in Chinatown! If you are looking for hearty tasty fatty ramen broth, you've come to the right place!  No other ramen place in Vegas adds garlic oil to their ramen.  Their chaschu pork is so soft and tender (similar to Monta).  They give you the perfect serving amount.  Best ramen hut in Vegas!  Also, they give you a punch card where you can get karage or gyozas for free!
5	I agree with one of the other reviewers... Monta is good, but Fukumimi's is mo betta. The Fukumimi Special is definitely my type of comfort food.  Each time I've eaten there, the broth and noodles have been perfect.  Highly recommended...
5	Came back and really enjoyed myself again. This time I brought my bride. We were the first ones through the door when they opened up. Now my wife isn't as adventurous as I am but she finally settled on the chicken bowl. I pulled a classic me and ordered the same thing I had last time. The tantan men ramen. I also ordered the karaage chicken. Mostly for Laurie as I know she loves chicken. Our order was up hot and fresh in a matter of 5-6 minutes. I can't completely describe the flavors of my ramen other than to say it was so rich and wonderful, that I could easily make a slob of myself and eat 2 full bowls! The karaage chicken was somehow even better than last time. It was piping hot but so flavorful and juicy. I still really wish this place wasn't so far from my house. I will be back, and I will once again be hungry for ramen!
5	My first ramen, and the best! Since my first visit here I've been to other ramen places, and they can't compare. I loved the tan tan men. No other compares. I frequent this place often as it is just down the street from my house.   I also must add, it is cheap so it doesn't hurt my wallet.
3	Tried tan tan men for the first time. I never had it before so I had no idea what to expect. The broth is thick spicy and sweet. A lot of sesame flavor too. If you dont like sweet flavors,  I don't recommend tan tan men. I like their regular spicy tonkotsu and other ramen though.. Just not tan tan broth..I go to Fukumimi ramen often because it is close to where I live.  However, I cannot say it is the best ramen in town.  The broth seems too oily sometimes and it is difficult to drink the broth which should be the best part..
2	The tan tan men here was really good. Not at all what I expected, but I enjoyed it. We also had the chicken karaage, which I liked. My boyfriend thought it had that freezer taste. I thought it was tender and juicy, so whatever, more for me. My boyfriend's ramen was not impressive, however. The broth was a little too light for him, and in spite the fact that it was supposed to be ramen.. It came with soba noodles? My tan tan men had ramen, so I know they didn't just run out of the right noodle. The tables were oddly sticky, which I found kind of gross, and the service was pretty slow.Will I be back? Maybe, if I wake up with a burning desire for tan tan men. Otherwise,  there's better places for your ramen fix.
5	Okay, i have had every item on the menu and my 2 favorites are now the Tan Tan and the Tonkatsu (salt). I went back to Monta the other day (and coming from a ramen fanatic you can trust my opinion, there's a reason im the Duke here lol) and i swear to you Fukumimi is better! Their broth is just perfect. I am addicted and you will be too, check it out
5	As far as a ramen place goes in town this place kicks everyone's booty by a mile.  It is waaaaayyyyyyyyy better than Anime Ramen.  The noodles are excellent quality, never tastes soggy, and I would almost say that it tastes like they make their own noodles.  But I'm not sure of that so I won't say it.  If you love noodles, it's an awesome place to go.  It is a bit pricey, considering it's ramen, but the servings are very generous so it makes up for that, and the fixings too.  I can't recommend one thing on the menu, it's all good, just depends on your mood.
4	When you're in the mood for some ramen this is the place.  The miso ramen is great don't forget the appetizers.
5	I tried their Tan Tan Men for the first time ever, but the broth was really rich and definitely one of my favorites. I always stopped by here whenever I go to Vegas, one of good things here is also that they open all day from lunch thru dinner. Most of restaurant in Vegas (especially in Casinos) they have break between lunch and dinner.  Their fried chicken is pretty good, and you can get one free fried chicken if you collect 4 stamps for each Ramen ordered. Is highly recommended Ramen place in Vegas.
4	We are a family of 5 from LA and love sushi and great service!  We were not sure what to expect when we walked in the door, but were immediately greeted in a very nice way and taken to our table.  Got drink orders right away and then the food flowed out to us very nicely. Waitstaff was friendly helpful and quick.  My 3 little kids wanted edamame right away but for some reason that never came. They did get a yummy chicken veggie udon noodle soup that they all 3 shared,  we got a bunch of rolls hand rolls etc and the tuna carpaccio .....good but not the best I have had!  MoDesert was yummy! Kids loved the Mochi with chocolate sauce on top.Overall great spot great workers who have fun and get the. Job done.
1	The soup was amazing, but that's about it. Noddles were super under cooked and seemed rushed. Tried to order in Japanese and got attitude for it, my bad every other Japanese place can either speak it or say I don't know how to speak Japanese without attitude. We were no even done eating and the server came twice asking if we were done as we are still eating. She mind as well kicked us out and ask for a tip. Still tipped her good for her garbage service.
5	The Tonkotsu has better flavors then Monta in my opinion and the wait is short which I like. get a stamp card eat 4 bowls get a Gyoza or Karaage free. It's a plus that it's on my side of town.
4	We went here late at night and the place was empty I could do cartwheels, weeee! Nice, clean and bright place.We saw GARLIC OIL on the menu so, we got 2 bowls of salt Tonkotsu ramen. I wanted to see how it compares to black Shisen ramen that I love so much but it's all the way in L.A. Honestly, Fukumimi's version was milder and less garlicky and only comes with one piece of chashu (sad) but I don't know where else in town to get garlic ramen. This'll do for now until I find another place that has it.  We also got a soboro bowl (pan-fried ground meat on top of greens and rice).  It was alright but not worth sabotaging my diet for.  I couldn't finish my bowl of ramen so I took it to go.  I finished it this morning and it was still good and got rid of my headache.Other items on the menu aside from ramen: karaage, chashu bowl, curry rice, chicken bowl, kimchi, kimchi bowl and edamame. Next time, I'll ask them to put more garlic oil and order extra chashu...I'll try the Tantan Men too.
5	6/7: I've been here several times. The waitresses are always friendly and beautiful here. Top notch service while enjoying a delicious meal! I'm not a big fan of Ramen noodles, so I usually get some sort of appetizer and rice bowl when I visit various Ramen shops. I always get the Karaage (Japanese fried chicken) here! So fresh, soft, and juicy. Delicious! One of the best food items I've ever had. I love saying Karaage too...such a cool word; I might name my next pet Karaage. TIP: I don't know if it's regular or seasoned salt that's included, but adding it to the Karaage makes it taste that much better!Their regular size Chicken Bowl is great as well. I'm a returning customer!
5	I've never had a bad experience with this place, very kind staff and very yummy food, only 1 type of noodle is served though i wish they had the other types :/ other than that the karaage is very delicious and good priced and for every 7 bowls of ramen you get one free! Makes being a repeat customer better and better. The down side to this place comes with the drinks they serve canned sodas so for $2.00 you are paying for 1 can non-refillable which stinks but soda isn't the best mix with ramen anyways i always prefer a good green tea! I give fukumimi a 5 star silver rating and suggest anyone in the Henderson / Las Vegas area to check this out if you love ramenThank you
4	Excellent ramen in Las Vegas, just off the strip.  Nice to find "non-standard" Vegas fare to change things up from the buffets and burger joints.  Didn't try my standard shoyu ramen, but the tried the Tan-tan ramen, and that was quite tasty as was the karaage chicken.  Definitely recommend, and will return next time I'm in Vegas.
4	CONDENSED IN A SOUP CAN: I'd go back in winter time with a glass of water.THE MEAT: I would prefer to eat here at night and without a hangover.  When we went in the afternoon, the sun was beating down the side of the restaurant and we were sweating like pigs (if pigs did sweat).  We had the chicken karaage (not very crispy, but light and very tender), gyoza (wasn't too impressed with the filing), saboro bowl (savory sweet ground meat), chasu bowl (not bad), the tonkatsu salt and tonkatsu miso ramen.  Normally I would complain about under-seasoning and pour soy sauce over everything, but this tonkatsu salt and miso broths were extremely salty.  The miso was definitely more flavorful than the salt version, and carried a spicy kick.  I didn't care too much for the ginger pieces and bean sprouts in the bowl, but the other elements were perfect - soft noodle strands, an almost cooked egg, thin melt-in-your-mouth chasu, scallions.  I wouldn't mind going back here especially since service is awesome, but for Hakata/Tonkatsu addicts, I'd still bet on Monta (their broth has stronger pork/egg flavors, bamboo shoots and wood ear mushrooms, Mmm).I'M STILL DIGESTING... the fact that ramen broth chills to an almost gelatin form in the fridge.  Is there a gelatin component to this dish or is that pure lard?  I'm not so sure I really want to know.WANT TO SEE SOME FOOD PORN? :-)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fukumimi-ramen-las-vegas?select=O_FB7h1j6Ouw7Wy-YsWSGQ#O_FB7h1j6Ouw7Wy-YsWSGQ
5	I recently came to Fukumimi with a friend who has been raving about it for a while. I must say I agree, the ramen in incredible! I tried the spicy tonkotsu ramen and thought it was fabulous. I think this might be my favorite ramen place, just because other places their broth seems so heavy from the pork. My ramen's broth was very flavorful without being overpowering. I also ordered a Sapporo, for $2.90 that's a steal! The service is very nice and attentive, and the restaurant is small but clean. Big thumbs up! I will definitely be back soon! It's a great option if you are visiting the Aveda Institute.
5	I stumbled across this place by accident really. The first time I saw it I noticed it was in a very seemingly lonely plaza on the corner of Tropicana and Eastern, not really an attention grabber but in my search for some great Japanese ramen I figured I would give it a shot. With my affinity for small mom and pop businesses this was totally a place for me and let me tell you, it didn't disappoint one bit!When I walked it, it had a very welcoming environment. You're greeted as you walk in the door and are told to pick a seat of your liking. A menu is presented, one with few choices but those few choices are there because that is what they specialize in and what you will love even if at first you think you won't. I chose the Japanese fried chicken to start. The seasoning was perfect! Simple seasoning of salt, white pepper, floured then deep fried. Super juicy and tender served along a mixed greens salad with a Japanese vinaigrette. Very tasty! The ramen that I selected was the Tonkatsu Ramen (salt). I am a big fan of this type of ramen so when I ordered it I had very high expectations. The presentation of the ramen was beautiful. The stock was dark and full of flavorful collagen, the pork was cooked to perfection the point of it falling apart in the broth and the half egg on top had a perfectly creamy yolk that any egg lover would die for. The ramen noodles were al dente as well. The base of the ramen was extremely flavorful. You could tasted the love and time that it took to make this delicious dish. I would gladly visit this restaurant again to try the different types of ramen that they offer. To anyone that is searching for some delicious ramen on the east side of town, definitely go here! You don't have to go to Chinatown to get some great Japanese ramen!
5	My friends and I heard about this place but hadn't gone. But now we go all the time. I got ramen the first time. It was so good and flavorful. We also got the Karaage and that was so awesome. It's the best!!! The wait staff is friendly. Can't wait to go back again!
5	The homie introduced me to this spot. We we been tryin to get here for bout 2 weeks. Work kept getting in the way though!! I'm kidding (sorta). Joint wasn't crowded, so I was pleased w/ that. It was clean too!! Those that know me know I am about that. Waitress was chill & didn't have an issue w/ us splitting checks. Some spots won't let you do that unless you spend $10 or more. I ordered the Fukumini Ramen & it was banging!! The noodles were thin just how I like em.' They loaded my bowl up w/ hella Chashu (sp?). My patna put me up on this Karage (chicken)!! Man, it was legit. I stopped eating my ramen & banged on the chicken. The lil side salad w/ ginger dressing was also legit!  I tried to be a lil daring & put seaweed in my ramen. Wasn't bad @ all. Next time, i'm goin all in on the seaweed, especially after hearing it has nutritional value.  Fukumini Ramen, you're hired!!
2	Having spent a few years in Japan roaming the streets looking for good eats. Ramen houses were always the best with no need for trying to understand the kanji menus as a rockie. When I came across this place serving tan tan mein noodles I went bizarre about wanting to try some. I came during lunch time on a weekday and it was pretty packed so I took that as a great sign. The place is on the smaller side but it made me feel at home in Japan even with the modern design. I sat on a tiny two person table towards the wall. When the nice pretty asian lady came to take my order it was a big dissapointment from the start. I was in the middle of ordering and the table next to me began speaking to her in her native tongue and she straight up left me with the words in my mouth to get them sodas. Kind of rude I would say! I asked for an order of gioza and they told me they did not have any! WHAT? Why have it on the menu if you do not serve it, let alone carry it? You can not eat ramen and not accompany it with gioza! So I ordered tan tan mein noodles with much anticipation. When my bowl arrived, the bowl looked liked they had poured milk in it. The noodles were creamy?!?! Real tan tan mein noodles are composed of a spicy broth not a spicy milky broth like if it was curry. I understand there are many versions on how to make tan tan mein but this one was wayyyyy too creamy The ground pork was alright but it did not have great consistency, it was a bit like sand in my opinion. I'm on a tan tan mein fix so if anyone knows of a better place, please do tell.
5	the best ramen in town. TanTanmen are super super good!!! They are in my must eat list in Vegas!!!
5	Being a Hawaiian girl, I gotta have my ramen and this is the place! Noodles remind me of the Sam Satos noodles which are oh so delicious! Spicy Tonkotsu and Spicy Miso my favs so far!
3	We came here on a Monday evening and order the1. Fukumimi Ramen with egg and corn 2. Tan Tan man Ramen with egg and cornFor $25- Next to Baskin Robbins. - No Japanese chefs yelling welcome in their native tongue fail. - Tight seating. Uncomfortable wooden chairs.- Luke warm broth, but hot noodles. Sections of the soup had different temperature!? HAHA. - Small portion relative to price. - Great flavor. Savory, pork-esque, slightly creamy. - Half an egg only. Just order extra for a full egg. - $1 for a full egg. 50cents for canned corn. - Null service. Nothing to really discuss. Here is your drink, soup, and check. - A bit too much fat on the pork belly for my liking. - I recommend the fukumimi ramen. Not too thick, rich flavor and taste over Tan tan.- Tan tan had minced pork. Cheap. Broth was creamy and noodles were different compared to fukumimi.- Stamp card! For every 4 ramen you buy, you get 1 free serving of gyoza! - 5 would be Shin Sen Gumi or any SoCal equivalent. 4 for Monta. Then you have this place, which is a decent alternative just to try something different.
5	I have been craving for some authentic ramen for awhile now since my favorite ramen house closed,,so after yelping I decided to try this joint,,and OMG! what can I say it hit the spot and so much more!! their broth is perfect and not too creamy/fatty as monta.. It was just the perfect amount of serving and everything is just so good..I think the best part is that its location is so close to my house and now I dont have to go to Chinatown just for ramen..Im so excited for the weather to get cooler so I can have an excuse to eat it everyday!
4	Why have I never known ramen could be so good?!  All this time I've avoided ramen joints due to repressed memories of broke college days.  How ignorant I feel.   I work in the area and all this time I could've been enjoying this tasty "Tonkotsu Ramen" regularly.  I thank you fellow Yelpers for your accurate ratings and pinpoint suggestions!  Went with the Tantan Men this round and can't wait to venture through the rest of the menu!Can't say I can yet compare this one to other ramen spots but 4 stars all the way for now!
4	Food was good,  saboro bowl and Japanese fried chicken. Teeny bit overpriced...but the food definitely lived up to the 4 stars, solid 4 from me one less star for no lunch special and for chicken not having dipping options other than this awesome (but easily overdone) salt (msg?) lol. Lower prices or lunch special, more options for chicken dipping and you will get 5 all day
5	Kogashi Ramen $8.20. Which is rousted garlic with tonkotsu soup.  I loved it!  I forgot to bring stamp card to get free meal.  LolMy husband had Karaage and Gyoza.  These were great.
5	Spicy miso!! Yum!
3	In my craving for ramen, we decided to come here due to all of the Yelpers rave reviews. Thank you Yelpers. The verdict:We ordered the miso ramen and the tonkatsu ramen. Overall, it was just ok. It was decent ramen in a bowl, but I just didn't think it was THE BEST ramen ever that I needed to go back to a billion times over.  Broth was flavorful enough, but it was just lacking some sort of umph! I can't put my finger on what exactly was missing though.   We had actually ordered extra noodles just because we knew it wasn't going to be enough noodles and I'm always a hungry hippo. For me it's about the quantity and quality.  It is a little bit on the pricey side, but if your in a rush, around this area and don't want to wait this will be a decent ramen place for you to try.
4	Instead of fighting traffic and the crowd in Chinatown I opted to drive to Fukumimi Ramen which is effortless to get to with abundant parking.I was feeling under the weather and started off with their new fried chicken appetizer. It came with a small salad and the chicken was crisp outside and tasted marinated & tender on the inside. I followed with the Fukumimi Special ramen which was delicious and tasty.Service is friendly, attentive and they take credit cards.
5	I have been here like every other week, they have good quality of food and they have stamp card. Love this place very much!!
5	This was the first time I went to Fukumimi Ramen.  I went for a late lunch and was seated right away. I ordered the Fukumimi Ramen and Karaage.  The portions sizes were plentiful and the food tasted great, the prices were very reasonable, and the service was very good.  I would definately recommend this place!  They also provided me a frequent diner card - buy 4 ramens and get either a free gyoza or karaage on the next visit.
4	OH MY GOODNESS! I entered the place at around 2 after the lunch crowed it took me a little while to find the place, it is BEHIND wallgreens and next to baskin robbins. Fukumimi ramen- i got it with out the "fixins" i just got mine with pork and black garlic oil. I think they may have given me salt stock because on the Receipt said salt ramen so i'm not sure. But anyway the soup was very good very different then monta but just as good as monta to me. The pork OMG so I can't lie i'm going to have to say this places pork is better then monta, i know i know but it just falls apart and its SOO flavorful I had to order a extra order, that was 6 pcs all together, i know i was a little piggy haha!
4	How do I describe my Fukumimi experience? SILENCE. And lots of it. When you're on a first date, this is probably not the first red flag that you need to run to the bathroom and call your BFF to call you back in 10 minutes with an emergency to bail you out. "Mayday! The night is going downhill stat! MAYDAY!" But if you were like me and brought a parent whose seen more than his share of bowls of ramen in his lifetime, then the silence is welcomed. It's a stamp of approval. A gold star. It means that the bowl of miso tonkotsu ramen my dad ordered and the bowl of salt tonkotsu ramen I got delivered on generous portions of noodles, aromatic broth, and some righteous slices of chashu pork. The service is here is quick and to the point, but not brusque or overbearing at all. They didn't ask us if we knew about their punch card, so I approached them after having perused a few reviews on Yelp, and now I'm two out of four bowls of ramen away from a free side of gyoza or chicken karaage. What a great day.Sidenote - I had to drop my dad, said Senor Silence, off at the airport after our meal and we made it with more extra time than we anticipated. So an even better day.
5	I love fukumimi! Every time I come the staff is super helpful. Twice now I've brought children. Once an infant with my cousin and today with my two year old niece.The waitress brought a princess cup and spoon for my niece! It was over the top for me in service. After the second time I know they do it for all the kids but really a sweet touch. Bringing toddlers to a restaurant makes me feel bad but they seem to welcome the idea. They have the best chicken kaarage in town IMO which they serve with a too small side salad with amazing ginger dressing.Their curry isn't the best, but still good. The chashu bowl was also good, but not the best.The flavors of all of the dishes aren't super salty. Everything is very light. Even after having my entire bowl of the house fukumimi ramen (which I always get) and karaage I felt satisfied but not overly stuffed. The prices are reasonable. Everything is under $10 dollars.The fukumimi house ramen $9.50 comes with all the fixings (seaweed, 3 slices of pork, oil) so that's what I get and add corn. For the good prices, awesome service, and cleanliness I give them all five starsMost recent visit today I noticed their addition of a few more appetizers and ramen to their updated menus! They use agedashi tofu in soy broth! I believe it was $3.90 The chicken karaage is $3.90 and the gyoza are $4.90 which they let you mix your own ratio of gyoza sauce and chili oil. The appetizers are made to order I am about 95% sure of.
5	Tantanmen and Chashu bowl - I ordered the tantanmen and it hit the spot. Not the best broth but still good. Personally it  tasted a tad too peanutty to me, but still something I'd order again. Noodles aren't freshly made but cooked al dente so its ok. What I loved really was their Chashu bowl. Just thinking about it makes me hungry! Awesome service makes it five stars. All in all, try the tantanmen and chashu bowl. They won't disappoint. Their tonkotsu ramen is good as well. This place definitely a must-try!
5	Tonkotsu ramen had excellent flavor. Gyoza was great, too. Will definitely be back next trip to Las Vegas.
4	Comfort food!  Nothing better when you're not feeling well than a big bowl of noodles and yummy broth!Even the picky eater will eat noodles!  Small small place, but they are so friendly and the good is really good.  We all tried something different and they were all delicious.
4	Just came in from a road trip wanting some ramen, so we stopped in. My husband insisted I try their name sake, fukumimi ramen, egg, pork belly, noodle, green onions, and broth!I thought it was good, I liked the combination of ingrediates and the broth was rich and seasoned well! Good service good food!
5	While the Tonkatsu broth is not as good as at Monta Ramen it's still great. However Tan Tan Man is just excellent and worth the trip alone.And in my opinion Fukumimi serves the best Karaage I know. (I tried at countless places) For me it's just perfect!Whenever I'm in town I go at least once to Fukumimi in addition to Monta to get my Ramen fix.
4	Respectable ramen in this joint. Service was fast and friendly. They have a customer loyalty punch card which is cool for those that live close by and jones for Ramen regularly. My only complaint was the sewage smell that smacked me in the face as soon as I walked in ( you can't really hold that against them cuz who knows what the deal was) and the obnoxious and loud pop-music playing.  But yes Rhiana, I will shine bright like diamond while I slurp my noodles.
4	I came here for the first time with my brother.  I had the Chicken karage and tantan men which is a Szechuan-style broth with a large meatball.  This was the first time I have had Japanese Ramen.  The broth is so spicy, hot, and savory.  I love coming to Vegas and trying new restaurants with my brother.  This restaurant does not disappoint.  In fact I craved it so much I came back here the next day.  I know I should have tried something else from the menu but my lunch was so good I ordered the exact same thing.  I recommend.
5	My boyfriend and I love ramen.  We make it at home and we always order it when we go to Ichiza in Chinatown.  We currently moved to trop and pecos and we would drive by this place Fukumimi Ramen a lot and always wanted to try it.  So tonight we finally did.  It's not a very big place.  I'd say it seats about 20-30 people.  One thing to note is that though the hours of operation are listed as they're open until 11pm, they take their last order at 10:30.  We arrived at about 10:15pm and the waitress turned the open sign off promptly at 10:30.  We ordered the karaage and the gyoza first.  Karaage is Japanese fried chicken.  Gyoza is a dumpling/potsticker.  Both were really good.  I thought the chicken was perfectly cooked.  The potstickers come with a special gyoza sauce which was a yummy combo.  For the ramen we ordered the fukumimi ramen, they're specialty.  There are about ten other ramen dishes to choose from.  The fukumimi ramen comes with pork belly in it.  Sooo good.  My boyfriend and I split a bowl of that.  In total our bill came to $22 plus tip.  My only problem is that I left feeling slightly hungry still.  Maybe next time I'll get my own bowl of ramen instead of sharing (;
4	Second time was even better than the first! The pork belly consistency and flavor is now similar to monta and the shio tonkatsu broth is light and not overly salty. The karaage is not my favorite since it was slightly oily and not crisp on the outside.  However you can't really beat the value for the portion they give you and it comes with a small side salad.  I wish they had put the dressing on the side since some of it caused the karaage to get soggy.  Overall solid establishment and 4 ramen purchases gets you a free appetizer...so make sure to get the punch card.
4	Had the Kogashi Ramen and quite enjoyed the flavor.  Nice little restaurant and very friendly service staff.  Would go back to try different soups.
4	I admittedly just ate a bowl of rice and two eggs here but by golly was it the best bowl of rice and eggs I've ever had!
4	Never disappointed. Their ramen broth is so rich and layered with flavors. Also, the price is great! So far my favorite is the kogashi ramen. Give it a try, it has rich almost burnt soy flavors.
1	The very first time I had a bad smelling ramen, the steaming broth smells like a dead pig. I still ate because I was hungry but as soon as I got a little bit of it, it wanted to come back out. It did not taste bad, just smells bad. Ewe, still grossing me out until now, will not come back.
5	Fukumimi Ramen is a spot that my wife and I frequent as it is one of the few places on the east side that serves good ramen.  I usually opt for the ramen with the chicken broth when I come down to eat at Fukumimi and it always hits the spot.  However, when I'm not in the mood for ramen and somehow end up here, I grub on a kimchi bowl with a side of egg. I absolutely love the shoyu egg here.. perhaps more than the ramen? It's just that good. What can I say, I love eggs haha.  I have to find out how they make it... But in the meantime, I'll be frequenting often to get that ramen / egg goodness. Yep, I'm weird.. I know.Anyway, good ramen eats on the East side! Definitely will be back soon! (This review is actually being done from Fukumimi while I wait for my food.. oh, here it comes! Gotta go!)
3	It was just ok. Quick service, nice ambience, decent prices.I ordered the traditional ramen as it was new on the menu, but it lacked seasoning. Large portion of noodles and broth, but I wish there were some depth to the broth. I'll be back to try a different dish just to make sure I didn't misjudge this place. Until then, three stars it is.
4	YUMMMY! Love this place it's so conveniently located close to my home (finally a good ramen place close to the eastside!!) this place is cute but very small I'm sure once people try it this place will be super packed!!
4	My new favorite ramen place, which is perfect because I live in the area (yay!). This place has been opened almost a year now and I've only been here twice, my first being in August and the second visit was a few weeks ago. Kind of odd to see a legitimate ramen place on this side of town, but they are always welcomed by me! Since we are on the east side the patrons eating are more diverse, unlike the eateries on Spring Mtn., which tend to attrack mainly Asians.  It is pretty small and only has a handful of tables so the last time I came it was pretty packed. Service has been good on both visits considering they are in a small area. I have ordered the tonkatsu ramen both times and I like it! I particularly like the corn. I prefer Fukumimi much more than Monta, but that's just my opinion. My friend ordered the Tantan and it really reminds us of Filipino karekare (peanut butter stew) a little different, but very similar. She enjoyed it and gave me a bite which was delish from what I remember. Last visit I also had the chicken karaage, this was good too and not too greasy. I also love the fact they have a stamp card (4 ramens earns you a free karaage), unfortunately I didn't get one on my first visit or else I would of gotten my free karaage already! Fukumimi will be seeing me regularly!
3	Ordered the karaage which was served with a side of lettuce. Unfortunately, we found a substantial amount of rotting/wilted lettuce in the mixed greens. I ordered the fukumimi ramen - the broth was quite good: sweet and rich while avoiding the bitterness that plague other restaurants. The noodles were a bit undercooked for my liking and require a quick rinse to avoid the starchiness that clouds the flavor of the broth. Service was prompt and friendly.
5	Taking all the advice and trying the Tantan MenIt was Friday and it was cold. Ramen is what was needed!  Most fellow Yelpers gave glowing reviews, and Tetsuro's yelp really got my attention for tantan men.I ordered ahead, adding an egg and green onion.  It was ready when I got there to pick it up, and it was packaged with consideration and regard knowing a little time & travel pass before consuming.  The broth and the other ingredients (spicy pork, bok choy, ramen noodles, egg, and green onion) were in two separate containers.Back at the office, I combined the broth with the ingredients, stirred gently, and enjoyed the savoriness of this dish.  The broth is a juxtaposition of slight creaminess and a hint of spiciness as the spicy pork slowly & chili oil slowly become fused.  Like a good wine, it actually became better as I tasted, mixed, and tasted again.  A generous serving of green onion and perfectly cooked ramen noodles topped off a remarkable broth.  Looking forward to trying their spicy miso broth next time!
4	A welcome addition to the ramen scene on the east side of town.  Located in an inconspicuous strip mall at the corner of Tropicana and Eastern, this is a true neighborhood ramen joint where one is always greeted enthusiastically at the door and local Japanese residents can always be spotted as regulars.  The decor is minimalist but modern and service is prompt and non-overbearing.  Appetizers that stand out are the karaage (Japanese fried chicken) and the gyoza (pork/chicken pot stickers).  The chicken is served fresh out of the fryer with a nice crispy exterior and juicy interior with a hint of ginger accentuated with a squeeze of fresh lemon whereas the gyoza have a nice char and the dough skin and filling are light enough to leave room for the main course.  After consuming 15+ bowls of ramen on multiple lunch break visits from work, the key words describing the soups here are consistency and balance.  Whereas I've had a few instances at Ramen Sora and Monta where the soups were either too salty or too bitter (black garlic oil was literally blackened garlic),  the broths here all have a creamy rich depth of flavor and are not overly cloying in the mouth so the resistance to reaching for additional spoonfuls of broth once the noodles are finished is quite low.  Noodles come in thick and thin varieties with decent texture although lacking any true inherent flavor only found at the top joints.  The standout broth for me is one of the relative newcomers on the menu: the kogashi (or burnt miso) ramen.  I've waxed poetic before on the Mallard reaction in chemistry  applied to food in a previous review(nerd alert!) but here again is yet another example of the magical powers of applying heat to rearrange amino acids and simple sugars to create a new unique flavor.  By charring miso paste, not only is there an intense aroma given off by the broth upon arriving at your table, but the flavor profile retains the savory note of the fermented soybeans we all know and love in miso but also has additional complex notes with an almost caramelized sweetness and a hint of bitterness that is pleasing on the tongue.  The crispy fried onions topping the noodles further enhance the umami tsunami.   I wish I could comment on the tan-tan men (spicy Szechuan style broth), but alas my first experience was on a full stomach from a previous meal so I must defer one to read other fellow yelper's raves on this other unique offering.For the most part, the choices here are safe and reliably consistent, much like dating the girl next door, but if you're in the mood for something a little more adventuresome and unpredictable, the krazy kogashi ramen or the spicy and fiery tan tan men are worthy "fuku-mi-mi" one night stands (had to do it,  the name of the joint is just begging for a little humorous acknowledgment!)  P.S.  Don't forget to partake in their generous punch-card system where one is entitled to a free order of gyoza or karaage with every fourth bowl of ramen purchased!
5	I love all asian food, but my true love is ramen.  I will eat it in the middle of a las vegas summer, i will eat it in the morning, I will eat it in a house, I will eat it with a mouse, I will eat it here or there....... you get the idea. Fukumimi is an oasis in our (up until recently) ramen desert. It is traditional while still offering enough options to keep those that need variety happy. The staff is friendly and attentive and always willing to make recommendations. Located outside of  asian food alley (spring mtn)  it is not as convenient for those traveling from the edges of town, but i promise you it is worth the trip. The tonkotsu ramen is my goto dish.  The pork is the perfectly cooked  with just enough fat to enhance the flavor without ruining the consistency. The noodles are cooked to perfection. The flavors in the broth are pleasing with out being overpowering.The portions are fine for a normal lunch or dinner. When i am super hungry I will usually ask for an additional order of noodles as soon as my ramen arrives. The second helping will arrive about half way thru the first.  Pro tip:  Try to save your broth for the second helping.  If you are tape worm hungry get an order of kimichi.Remeber to slurp your noodles.
5	Im in Tucson at the moment and somehow wishing I was in Vegas instead and having ramen at fukumimi. Thats how good this place is  :)
4	3.5 stars rounded up!I've been wanting to explore the Vegas ramen scene a little more and landed on Fukumimi Ramen (from a friend's recommendation as well as Yelp reviews). Came here on a Sunday night for dinner and my friend and I were seated right away at the bar (the tables were all occupied)FOOD:- karaage - good! Not too bready, served piping hot with a small salad and you dip it into their salt/pepper mix. We dipped it into the chili powder and that made it even yummier!- Fukumimi ramen - this was pretty good! Rich broth, but not too salty. Generous portions of noodles (on the thinner side, kinda soba-ish)- Tantan men (with an egg added) - rich, thick and creamy broth. The ground pork was sweet and savory at the same time and the noodles were more eggy and curly.SERVICE:Can't complain! Seated right away, food came out hot and quick. Friendly smiles all around. VENUE:Cute! Rather spacious for a ramen spot. Tables along the right side and counter seating on the left. Casual, relaxed vibe.PARKING:Plenty! It's located in a HUGE plaza where most things are closed before dinner time so you'll have you pick of any spot you want.
4	A very limited menu and small space, but that's all you need. This is glorious soup and noodles in a bowl, and not much else, which is absolutely fine. The best ramen in Las Vegas. They're all pretty good, but the spicy miso ramen is probably my favorite.
4	There's quite a few ramen places around this Las Vegas Valley. On a cold Vegas evening, getting over a cough/cold, ramen sure hit the spot. The service was fast and provided great suggestions for what we should order. We ordered the TanTanMen  without any meat selections because we assumed there would be some, but only realized after our bowls had come out. The soup base was delicious! We also ordered the chicken karaage and with a squeeze of lemon and the salt/pepper/spices dip it was too tasty that we finished it prior to finishing our bowls.
5	The best ramen in Vegas! I've been to several ramen spots including monta and Fukumimi kills the competition. My boyfriend and I go here at least once a month! He gets the tan-tan and I get the miso ramen with extra egg. You must try you won't regret it!
4	Yummy fukumimi ramen & Kara miso ramen :)
2	Drove across town to try a new ramen house. After reading all the stellar reviews I was not impressed. Ordered the Miso ramen, no flavor or depth, did not like the smell. The karaage and gyoza were very bland. Not worth driving back. I've had much better ramen - Sora/Monta. Good fast service.
3	Lucky Monkey.  No wait!  ...wait a minute.  It's 3:30pm and whew!  Two other tables occupied, so there's something.  Could be the calm before dinner rush, but even when Monkey leaving, nobody else coming.  Hmm.  TONKOTSU RAMEN (Miso) Requested less salt. Flavored w/Fukumimi original blended miso & cornPROs:  Piping hot bowl of soup, noodles firm, comes with pork, green onions, sprouts, half soft boiled eggCONs:  1 Slice of pork, soggy sprouts, half of not-so-soft-boiled egg and Monkey requested the less salty broth...  still salty.  Very friendly, smiley servers.  Helpful and nice.  The search for best ramen in Vegas continues...
4	The best ramen and karage in town. Their pot stickers/gyoza are very good as well.....perfect during the winter.
5	So there are tons of Ramen Noodle Houses in the Las Vegas area but Fukumimi is the best in town (hands down!)I'm going to keep it simple:-Best Broth-Kid Friendly-Great Service-Best Chicken Karaage w/ saltYUM YUM YUM!
1	With nothing visibly vegetarian on the menu, I decided to order the fried tofu and a side of edamame. I prefer my tofu firm, thoroughly marinaded and fried. Unfortunately the tofu was on the softer side, unflavored, with a lightly crisp glaze, sitting in a salty soy sauce broth. I tried to enjoy it, but it just tasted underwhelming and mushy. Like something made as an after thought. I mentioned my disappointment to the waitress, but I don't think she knew what to respond or how to follow up so gave a polite laugh and left it at that. Shame, I found the minimalistic atmosphere interesting and I hoped it would become a new Date Night option.
4	Their quality of ramen is pretty good. I'm not completely sold to choosing them over Monta, but their slice of pork is pretty thick and impressive! Also tender. I highly recommend their tonkatso miso ramen as I love that nice thick broth. It was filled with corn, green onions, and medium boiled egg. The noodles have a nice chew to it. Not too soggy and not too under cooked either. The broth was full of flavor. The pork had that nice consistency of chewiness, and the ramen all together was full of flavor. I also recommend the fried gyoza as a side, and their homemade kimchee. Not up for ramen. I highly RECOMMEND the Chasu bowl (pork and white rice, with ginger). It's so delish and it too is full of flavor. It has a very subtle sweetness to it which I love and is also very tender and nicely marinated. I think if the ramen doesn't win me over from Monta, I'd say their Chasu bowl does. The vibe also brings out that nice grassroots local Japanese feel with the small establishment, wooden seats, and specials hand written and posted on the walls. The location is very off from what most typical Japanese restaurants are, and is a bit out of the way for me, but if you're in that side of town or have that nice gap between classes from UNLV it would be a nice place for lunch. I have yet to try their sesame broth which I think is also one of their signature ramen bowls. I'm not fond of the sesame flavor though as those flavors are typically too strong for my taste buds. If you do, definitely let me know how it is!
4	Went here after work and was hungry! Their ramen definitely hit the spot. Super fast service and really really good for the price! Yummy in my tummy..just one tip for the server, don't take the bowl away without asking! I was eating from a different bowl, but definitely wasn't done with the rest of my delicious ramen
5	Like the place. Although when they are closed the place looks bigger. But its small and cossie; I like that. I do feel they need something more inside. Not so much more as in having tons of pictures/ornaments, but just enough to keep the same feel for the place and not lose the feel how it looks inside. Maybe a picture or two of a flower. I don't know if anyone else has ever thought of this but I felt like the cooks and the rest of the small staff had a great working relationship. I just felt that because I sat in the bar rather than the tables.   I had the spidy miso ramen. The noddles tasted good! Wish it had more. The chilli taste was not so hot, but good cause I just came out of work and it was the first day of the new year where it was pretty hot outside, so I was not looking forward to start sweating, but also I do not want something without spice. Great taste tho. Nice presentation of the dish. Place is clean and no irritating kids.
3	Currently, I am obsessed with Ramen so on my most recent trip to Vegas, I made a pit stop here on the way to the Strip.   Very friendly staff, I ordered the Tonkotsu and the DanDan Mien. Two huge bowls came. The Tonkotsu was very good, not as rich or as thick as my last in London. The Dan Dan was bad, peanut soup. I have had this preperation many places but in none was it soo nutty as to be peanut or sesame paste soup. 1 stars for the Dan Dan and 3.5 for the Tonkotsu. Nice noodles too BTW
5	Been meaning to try this place out for a little while now. So after hitting the gym on a Wednesday night, decided ramen was what the tummy craved. Came in about 730ish and the place is tiny. 8 tables and 6 bar seats. It was about half full, was greeted briefly at the door and took a seat. The server offered drinks and then have enough time and space to look over the menu. Most of it sounded line ramen from any of the other ramen place in town.I asked for a suggestion and asked if I like spicy. I do, do I was recommended the karo-miso spicy ramen. Also ordered the Soboro bowl. Both items came out really quick. The bowl was rice with ground meat with onions and scallions. It was tasty. Savory with a touch of sweet.I like spicy food a lot, and many times restaurants that say their food is spicy, it doesn't hit the spot, however this ramen has a good kick. It isn't Hannah or anything, but enough that extra spice isn't necessary. The broth is rich and flavorful, not too salty. The noodle itself has a nice bite to it. Was once told that good ramen should have a elastic spring when you bite it. Which these definitely do.Lastly the prices are decent. Definitely will return. For the location it is in and the size out would be misleading to judge by looks. People were coming and going the last 20+ minutes I've been here.
5	This is the best Ramen in vegas! I would highly recommend the Tonkotsu ramen(salt). The soup is very rich and flavorful and the noodles is very consistent in its chewyness. I am a Ramen fanatic and have tried pretty much all Ramen shops in Vegas but this place tops it all. To make your meal perfect add a karaage as your appetizer! Their karaage is the most perfect balanced Japanese fried chicken you'll ever have. The chicken is very moist, crispy, and did I mention moist? It's super juicy and hot so be careful when having your first bite. The only thing I wish this place had was garlic edamame and desert. Other than that I would highly recommend this place! This place is a must to go for locals and tourist!
4	Came here for linner on our last day in Vegas with the BFF's.  The reviews here were hit and miss so I wasn't sure what to expect however I had to see for myself and I'm glad I did.Orders some things to share:Gyoza http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fukumimi-ramen-las-vegas?select=thk-uibVpXaTt1aA87myVA#OXqKLZIdDF0zP5AdcNFENg  Nice flavored filling a little on the smaller side but its pretty good.Karrage ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fukumimi-ramen-las-vegas?select=thk-uibVpXaTt1aA87myVA#EZbMXlry4Ef4DiW1Y_yLZQ  Typical in most Japanese restaurants and something that I definitely enjoy eating.  It came out hot and tasty.Honey Garlic Chicken ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fukumimi-ramen-las-vegas?select=thk-uibVpXaTt1aA87myVA#8QLZ0rXxVN1Fk-IVPt-7qw  This I was not sure what to expect but I was presently surprised at how tasty it was.  The garlic flavor was very light almost non existent but thats coming from a person that luvs a lot of garlic so to me it was light.  Perfect amount of sweetness from the honey.  This was really good!Kara miso ramen ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fukumimi-ramen-las-vegas?select=thk-uibVpXaTt1aA87myVA#zcJ8OaJXqiO6b-CJbjYAVg  This was what the waitress recommended when I asked which she preferred between this and the Tantanmen. When it first arrived I was a bit shocked with what looked to be a good amount of red chili powder.  I like spicy but there is a limit to how much I can handle it and was a bit worried.  I mixed it all in and took my first sip and I was hooked.  A nice miso flavor with a perfect amount of heat.  It wasn't salty at all.  You cant see the ajitama but it had a medium yolk which I luv with a light flavor.  The chashu was fatty and flavorful.  This was a great bowl of ramen!Eyes ~ Oh that looks spicy!Nose ~ Smells Yummers.Ear ~ Everyone happy slurping ramen..Mouth ~ Oh yeah eveything tastes really good!Tummy ~ Very Satisfied.
5	Stumbled upon this place and I couldn't be happier. I come every friday and everything I have had here has been great. I've tried other Raman places in town and this one blows them out of the water. The staff is super friendly and the prices are very reasonable.
5	I am a huge Ramen person, and this place hit the spot. Great portions and it was very tasty. I'm not from Vegas, so trying different ramen places around, this was really good. It was on the opposite side of town where I was staying but it was worth the drive. Very flavorful.
4	Over a year later, I finally came back to give this place another try! My friend had a full stamp card so we got the free chicken karaage, which was pretty much the same as last time, but crispier. I definitely liked how tender the chicken was and the contrast between that and the crispy exterior. However, the batter is already very salty and they still provide dipping salt! I dipped it anyways because i can't control myself around salt ugh.This time around, I got the tonkotsu salt, which was actually to my liking! At only 7.90 I got a huge slice of tender  chashu, half an egg, some beansprout, and a little bit of green onion. The noodles were tender but not too soft and the broth is not bland (like I mentioned in my last review) but not too salty either! It was light and the slightly smaller-than-normal portion is perfect to make me satisfied.Service is still the same. The tables and chairs could definitely use some sprucing up. They're all scratched up! In any case, I'll definitely come back here when I'm craving ramen and I'm in the area. Crossing the strip is just too much of a hassle for me otherwise, sorry Fukumimi. But hey, I like you guys now so you got that going for ya!
5	This place is soo good! It's authentic what more else can you ask for?! Anyways despite the place being soo small it's very delicious! I had the Tonkatsa Ramen with a boiled egg! Ahhhhhh hits the spot! I also ordered the chicken karaage! Hands down  go ahead & try it out!
4	Short: Good ramen, good variety of sides, decent service. Go here if you're in the area and not willing to go to Chinatown for Monta or Sora Ramen.Long: "Not as good as Monta Ramen, better than Sora" -- is the best I can say of this place. Monta Ramen, IMO, is one of the best restaurants in Vegas. Being not as good, is a great compliment from me. The waitress was prompt, but we got our ramen before our Karaage--which is a bit odd, and made me think if she didn't get out order out right. Service was quick, but it also wasn't very busy that day.I ordered Tonkatsu ramen with a side of Karaage to split. Ramen noodles were good; side-toppings were average (can't do much with them otherwise); the broth was good--but just not as rich as Monta ramen's. While also you only get a single slice of Chashu pork (unless you order extra, or go for a more expensive bowl of ramen). Karaage was to be expected (and served with a simple salad); chicken thighs fried and served hot. They came with a side of salad. But, there wasn't much flavor to the karaage. I couldn't taste much other than chicken, breading, and salt--while good, just kinda lacking in the ginger and soy sauce aspect of karaage. Should you go here? Yes, definitely. It's good; but there's better ramen places in Vegas you might also want to try.
4	My favorite ramen on the Eastside! So glad I don't have to go all the way to Chinatown to get some great ramen. Our server is always so nice and sweet & she practically knows me already! My favorite is the Fukumimi Ramen with thick noodles and extra egg! YUMMMMM!
4	Their broth is pretty good, just tell them you don't want it too salty, good service I'll come back
5	Spicy Miso is pretty solid.  I usually get a side of curry to share.  Probably the best curry I've had.
5	My favorite ramen place here in las Vegas so far. Staff is awesome, food is amazing and price is good. Must try the tan tan men and chicken karage.....sooooo good. Will come back time and again.
4	Have came here numerous times. Close to UNLV. Food is most often pretty good, however , recently something seems off. Fukumimi Ramen, karragge , edamame, and honey karragge are what we usually get. Also service used to be pretty good but now seems to have dwindled just a bit. Just the waitresses not the cooks, cooks are always friendly! Still waaaaaassay better than Monta.  Would be nice if they were closer to Summerlin.
4	Been coming here for a while with the wife, definitely will keep on coming back.Service: Excellent - In contrast to earlier reviews from others around the summer (2013), we have nothing but good and friendly service. There was one exception, but they were just slammed that night by two large parties, but to the wait staff's credit they didn't lose their smile. Food: My first meal there was tonkotsu ramen. I just don't have the tongue for it. My wife, who's Japanese, loves it. However their tori (chicken) ramen is just perfect for me. My tip is to order it with extra chicken.Their appetizers are fantastic and presented well. Their new agedashi tofu dish is probably my favorite in the valley and the gyoza is exactly how you expected it. However their karaage can be a bit on the greasy side.Atmosphere: I really like sitting in this place, it's let well, but not too bright, the chef is stationed so he can see most of the customers faces, and every always seems in a good mood once that bowl of ramen is planted in front of them.
5	Always a great choice! Was packed tonight & everything was spot on! Service, quality not to mention everything came out really fast! Shout out to Lauren for being a proactive host.Exceptional all around!
5	I love this little hidden gem!!! Seriously, unless someone told me I have to try this spot I wouldn't even go over in that area. Luckily for me it's close to my work & my co-workers addicted to it too. The spicy miso is to die for. I crave it! Perfect amount of spice & heat. Their broth is thicker than manta but the flavor is stronger here. I personally prefer fukumimi to manta bc of the spicy & heat level of the broth & the different thickness of noodles offered. Fukumimi also has more appetizer & side options. The agedashi tofu & honey chicken is awesome. They also have a rewards card. For every 5 ramens you get a free app.
3	I fell in love with ramen when I lived in the Bay area last year, and so far of our slim pickings, Sora is the place I prefer. I found myself on the other side of town, and finally managed to fit in a trip to Fukumini, which is the third most-often-recommended place for ramen in Vegas (the second being Monta).Despite the strip mall exterior, inside was small and cozy with bench seating and bar seating. I dined solo and was helped immediately. Staff was attentive. There is signage up advertising their limited-time summer special of cold noodles, as well as a new flavor of chicken: honey garlic, which sounded amazing but I was dining alone.Ordered the tan tan men, for change of pace. Received a gigantic bowl of broth, bok choy, noodles, and sausage- the sausage was actually reminiscent of chorizo, full of fat and flavor and that distinctive orange tinge to the broth. The broth itself was super rich, and seems like it may have contained dairy. Noodles were chewy and thick, the way I like them. My only adjustment to this order in the future would be to add more bok choy- the three leaves in my dish simply were not enough to balance out the richness and fat in the sausage and broth.Overall flavor profile was complex, with spice from the sausage, and again, very rich.Later, this richness caused some stomach problems for me- consider yourself warned.It's a tasty dish, with friendly service, but I'll probably stick with one of their more regular ramen dishes next- and try that chicken.
4	Really good chashu and tonkatsu pork ramen bowls. Good service and reasonably priced. Will come back!
3	Wanted a quick ramen fix when i was in Las Vegas, and this was close by. Pretty tiny restaurant. Pricing was around $8 for a bowl of ramen, which didn't really come with that much meat, or rather, it just came with one piece. Not really that worth it, but obviously, I'm from the San Gabriel Valley area, where Asian food is all over, so I have a more biased point of view. Soup base is ok here as well.
3	This was tough. I haven't been to Fukumimi in just over a year! In that time I've been to Monta numerous times - a place I'd call the best in Vegas for ramen (the Henderson location specifically). Coming back here was a bit eye-opening.Right off the bat, is the half egg included in many of the bowls cooked in alcohol? Did anyone else notice this? Just me? Ok.- Garlic oil tonkotsu ramen (I can't remember the exact name). This is usually my go-to anywhere. I love the savory and powerful flavor of good garlic oil. Unfortunately, Fukumimi doesn't do it too well. It's not making a statement. I'm sure it tastes different over the standard tonkotsu but it's still weak. It's served with their standard bean sprouts, one slice of chashu, and the alcoholic egg. The chashu is not bad at all. The noodles are the way I like - thin and easily coated in savory oils from the broth. But again, the broth isn't too strong. It's just... ya know... good enough. I could say this about Monta as well, but another difference is portion. Again, I'm going to say you aren't getting a lot relative to Monta.- Spicy tonkotsu. Hey, it's spicy! The red hue to it, along with the chili flakes floating around, actually do add a pleasant spiciness to it. Otherwise, identical to the rest of the tonkotsu offerings with the exception of the noodles: thicker!- Small curry bowl. Hey, do you like curry? Have you realized yet that you have never had a bad bowl of curry? I just did.These items aside, you do have the unique option of getting chicken-based ramen. The karaage looks delicious. Service is quick and friendly. Without drawing too many more comparisons to a competitor, I'll just leave it at this: nothing draws me back here, especially over the alternative. It's not bad. Just out of the way and thus forgettable.
4	This delightful ramen joint hidden in plain sight on Eastern and Trop offers some of the best ramen options you may be looking for. From their signature fukumimi ramen to their miso ramen, they have the right gourmet ingredients to hit the spot. And wait... there's more. Not only do they serve their slurp-worthy noodles but they also have flavorful appetizers at such an affordable price. My favorite would have to be the honey garlic karage, in other words, honey garlic chicken and agedashi tofu. I would get to explaining on those two insanely delicious appetizers, but you'd just have to try it for yourself !!
5	Best ramen in Las Vegas! I liked Monta ramen but I thought the broth was tastier here. The Char Siu rice bowl is a yummy side as well. Just wished it was closer to the strip.
3	Don't see what the hype is about. Service slow, had to ask for our water several times. Appetizers were served after ramen was served, and in my opinion it wasn't all that. I've had better. The ramen broth was not rich enough and the meat didn't have a great texture. Everything was overly salty, even the egg in the ramen. I'm not wowed.
4	I really, really want to give Fukumimi 5 stars.They have one of the best ramen in Vegas. They have one of the best karaage. They have one of the best cold noodle.What's lacking is the finishing touch in the noodles - namely, the softness of the noodle.If you are crazy about ramen, you might know that there are more than six grades of softness / hardness of noodles when you order ramen in Japan: soft, regular, hard, barikata, harigane and konaotoshi.It gets harder as you get to the end of the list - in Japanese, barikata means "very hard", "harigane" means steel wire, "konaotoshi" means "just drop the powder". As ridiculous as it sounds, those resolution in texture preference is for real in highly matured culture like Japanese cuisine. It's almost like the endless arms race of megapixels in digital cameras. And as you can clearly see, the grade is completely skewed toward hard noodles. Yes, it's true that hardcore ramen aficionados have the tendency to enjoy harder noodles.But at Fukumimi, even ordering "very hard" specifically, brings disappointingly soft noodles.I really hope they will address that particular issue, then I'll bump to five stars.
5	This place is the best! I love coming here. The staff is great, food is delicious, and it has a great selection.
5	Yum. Still have not had a bad meal here. Fukumimi is still in my top 3 ramen spots! Something new on the menu is the kogashi ramen, which has thin noodles and broth has black garlic oil. Another new menu item is garlic chicken appetizer, which I will have to try next time. The appetizer I always is the kim chi!!! It's different, but I love it...it has a slight sweetness to it. Guess what? Filled up my stamp card! Free gyoza or karaage next time :)
3	I thought this place was going to be awesome due to the reviews I was reading before heading over. However, it wasn't all that I thought it was going to be. My mom, who I was with, ordered ramen and she said it was good. No elaboration. I ordered the curry rice along with an order of the chicken karaage. Both were okay. We were both a little disappointed in the portion sizes. They were a little small for the price. We decided not to eat there because it was a little busy and we didn't want to be squished up to another party because the restaurant is small. What we did like was that everything was packed separately. The noodles were separate from the broth. When we got home, we ate right away but the food wasn't hot. It was less than a 10 minute drive from the restaurant back to my house, so that was surprising. It also took almost half an hour for us to get our order. The food was okay. The curry didn't have anything noticeably special about it. There were no vegetables and the chicken mentioned in the description was also missing. I was glad I got the karaage to go with it. But I was a little disappointed in the karaage. It was a little on the dry side. Overall, I don't know if I'd be going back again if I was the one making the decision. The prices were okay, but not really for the quality of the food. Maybe we went on a bad night, but I was hoping it was going to be better.
5	Flavorful Tonkotsu Ramen (salt) and Fukumimi Ramen (extra pork). It is one of the best ramen joints in Vegas. The karrage sprinkled with lemon and a side of white rice is additional happiness to my appetite. But to complete the experience is to enjoy it with a bottle of Sapporo. Prices are amazing  Customer service was awesome and polite. Got all what was asked and gave help suggestions as to what to order if stuck between choices.
4	Love Fukumimi Ramen. I always get one of the Tonkotsu bowls. I only wish they had more than 1 piece of pork like Monta does.  Otherwise, great consistent Ramen, with a nice soft egg.
5	Favorite ramen shop, ever. I wish I could go there all the time!
4	The fukumimi ramen is awesome. If u have the opportunity u should try the tonkatsu ramen miso, it's another family favorite. If rice rice dishes turn u on then the chasu bowl is the way to go. If tapas is ur way then karage chicken, honey garlic chicken, Gyoza, agedashi tofu is the way for you.There salad dressing here is excellent and there salad cost $2. Take a chance give it a try.
5	I've been looking for a good ramen spot and came across fukumimi. I ordered the fukumimi ramen which is the house special; thin noodles with thinly sliced, super tender pork belly, in a lightly salted broth. Pretty amazing. I definitely recommend it!
5	perfection. Probably the best dumplings I've had in ages. Terrific kimchi. Near UNLV!  Off Trop @ Eastern on the northeast side, next to Baskin Robbins.
5	Staff are friendly and the best chicken karaage I have tasted so far.. Nice and crispy on the outside and juicy in the inside.. I would recommend this place to friends and family..
5	BEST RAMEN IN VEGAS EVER. Awesome staff too :)karaage is also amazing. and the salad that comes with it is great.
5	Was back today, The staff and chef are nice and accommodating. Chicken Tori Ramen is best of all time.Karaage is among the best of anywhere.Best Ramen place in Vegas!!!!! Monta is #2This a mammaluke free restaurant.
2	i think i've had way better in the past ... Every single white person eating there was speaking japanese :) which i thought was crazy but in a good way .... the servers and cooks seem genuinely happy and good peeps .. positive vibe from them
5	I've lived in NY, SF, and LA and would have never thought that Vegas would have good Ramen.  Many LV restaurants, especially by big name Chefs, have failed to impress me but this place is the real deal.  It was inexpensive, service was great, and the Ramen tasted authentic.I found this place on my last visit to Vegas.  I had an hour to kill before my flight and decided to give it a try.   It's in a very plain shopping mall, like all good food is in LV (see Lotus of Siam), and the shop is small.   I got the Fukumimi Ramen and the Soboro Bowl.  Ramen was great, pork was tender and broth was flavorful.  The Soboro bowl was also good but a little too sweet for me.  I'm glad I tried it but will probably try another bowl next time.
4	Pretty darn good.  Not as good as the Raman Yamadaya chain in LA.  But, good noodles.   They have skinny ramen and will customize to make it the way you like.Yummy
4	Ordered the Fukumimi ramen----very delicious. Will come back again for more. The Chashu bowl is great too.
4	Well.....even though at 12:50 pm on a Friday it was dead by the time I left at 1:40 it was busy.  Late lunch people like me.   :)Today I fell in love with chicken karrage!  The most lightly battered and moist fried chicken ever!  I really liked the extra seasoning salt on the side and small salad.  Truly delectable!I then had the Fukumimi ramen.  It was fantastic with its full portion of chashu and nori.  I added some corn for fullness.  It was savory without being a sodium bomb like some ramens.  You can also add extra spice to suit your palate.  The staff was attentive and friendly even though they only serve cold tea during the summer.  Funny........  I really liked this place and the fresh quality of the food.  One piece of advice. .unless you have a nice cushioned posterior... The bare wood chairs and benches will hurt your butt...However a little pain for great food is OK....
4	This place is up and coming with constantly very good Ramen! They are as good as Monta and almost as good as Sora.
4	Definitely a must  try when in Vegas, the taste is pretty good most ramen places in Las Vegas have good taste they only differ in condiments and offerings for side dishes.
5	If you are a ramen fan this a must. First the ramen is $7.50 and that includes an egg. What a deal and on top of that it's good ramen. Lots of extras you can order if it's not on the menu just ask they will accommodate. It small homely looking place but well worth it. When I go to eat I like to pay for food first then decore.
4	Went to this ramen place today because it is right down the street from my place. I was hungover so figured this would be the cure. It has many good reviews so I decided to check it out.The spot- the spot is really close to me so as far a location could not be better for me. This is not the greatest area being east of the strip. It is still the  best ramen spot I have been to in Vegas.The food- I ordered regular fried chicken and the honey garlic chicken with the spicy miso ramen minus the corn. Both of the styles of chicken are so tasty. Served very hot, crispy, and tender. Honey garlic was perfect... After I dipped it in sirachi but that's just cause I love spice. The ramen was good I did not order the best one for myself. I got the one with miso base and thicker noddles. The pork in the ramen is five stars for sure. It is  the best I have had.Service- Service seemed really good an very nice everyone except my server. She was kinda slow. If I had a better server this place gets five stars all around.
3	Fukumimi ramen's okay. I'm so used to monta I don't think I'll be able to adjust to another ramen place. What's good though is it's located (hidden) by UNLV next to Baskin Robbins. It's actually pretty good if you don't wanna drive all the way to Spring Mountain or Eastern to eat somewhere else. Their service was friendly and seating was plentiful. They have all different types of broth like miso, spicy miso, soy, etc. The bowls are about $8-$9 and it comes with pork, egg, and mushrooms. You have to add everything else for a tiny cost. We ate on a rainy day so the atmosphere made it perfect for ramen. I enjoyed my time. Just not something that's amazing. But just a-ok!
5	Once again back to back days this place is that good my peeps. Trust me ;) the age dash tofu is a must and the honey garlic chicken you won't want to share with anyone. I got the tonkatsu-salt and WOW. Come and the Ramen will satisfy!
4	Great find. This place is legit. Love the texture of the noodles and perfectly cooked hard boiled egg. Nothing over $9.50 on the entire menu. Limited seating but worth the wait.
5	Great ramen. I live super close to here and I've gone five times in the last month. I love the service but the food is what keeps me going back.
4	Kara Miso is the way to go on a rainy day!Service is great. Food is great. Garlic Chicken is the bomb.
5	If you are a person who puts Tapatio in regular ramen you NEED TO STOP EVERYTHING AND EAT AT THIS RAMEN RESTAURANT!They can add 'Spicy' to most ramen dishes, which is amazingly good. Also since no one knows about this place, it's generally not busy but IT'S SO GOOD.WAIT. I'M NOT DONE. If you are a person that enjoys salty foods and fried chickenGET THE KARAAAGE!!!!It blows away every single piece of chicken I have ever eaten. Watch out though, its very hot (temperature wise).
4	The food was delicious. At first, I compared it to Monta ramen but I think that this restaurant is its equal. The only thing I have to say is that it's a little dirty here. They should wipe down their walls and clean up a little more. But service was immediate; the hostess greeted us upon entering & quickly asked us what we would like to drink. Soon after, we ordered an appetizer and our noodles & while we waited for the noodles, the appetizer, Agedashi tofu, was AMAZING. And that's saying something, considering I don't even like tofu. Our noodles were perfect & DELICIOUS! Check out the pictures I posted! Although I would definitely come back again, I don't think I will very often because it's far away from where I live.
4	It was a odd rainy day in the valley and a bit cool even. A cousin from out of town wanted soup and we were on this side of town near other family members. They do shio, miso and tonkatsu, tantan men broth. They offer chicken broth based ramen for those who aren't down with the pork base. There are cold noodles salads, rice bowls and some appetizers as well. I haven't had tantan men ramen in ages, but I used to be in love with it when I was a kid. It's a bit Chinese influenced ramen, with a chile sesame soup with ground meat, scallion, bok choy. If you like dan dan noodles, you probably would enjoy this. Fukumimi has a solid tantan-men with a good broth and nicely chewy noodles. Mini chasu bowl was also good and for a "mini" it was a sizeable portion. The only thing is I thought it was going to be sliced chasu like what is in the ramen, which I think I prefer. Instead, it is shredded up pieces that seems to be mixed with a bit of soy. I also tried a bite of my cousins karaage. It wasn't bad, but could have been a tad more crispy even though I enjoyed the flavor and texture overall.The service was decent enough, my drink was refilled a few times throughout the meal.The rest of my party was happy with their meals. I haven't tried the rest of their ramen offerings, but I'm happy to find a place that offers a solid tantan-men which is a variation that no other ramen shop makes in town.
4	Strip mall whattttt.  So people trolling the storefront but once inside a legit Japanese noodle house. Warm clean and inviting.   Staff was humble menu was easy to understand good options just wish menu had traditional pictures.   I ordered the Miso ramen and my only complaint I could have scarfed down ten pounds of that Pork.   Price met value and a my only complaint its small so watch what you say your neighbors can hear you haha.  Will be back.
5	We were in Vegas from San Diego and found this place on yelp for a late Sunday dinner (around 8:45). We ordered the Honey Garlic Chicken for an appetizer, which was delicious! We both ordered the Fukumimi Ramen for dinner and it was also very good. Lots of meat in it, which is usually my biggest gripe if there isn't enough. My favorite part was the soft boiled egg in it. Adds some nice flavor instead of tasting like a dry egg. We grabbed a stamp card on the way out because we know we'll definitely be back.
4	I had the tan tan men and kaarage. Flavorful, noodles were cooked well. I'll have to come back to try everything else on the menu!
4	I persuaded the BF to try this the other night.  He is a big fan of Japanese food, I not so much but I thought he might like it.  Turns out we both did!  I tried the karaage chicken appetizer and we both thought it was as everyone said earlier :KARAAAGE!!!! It is delicious, light, meaty, tasty, not greasy, and HOT.  He tried the tantan men and liked it but it was a little different than he's used to.  He wants to try the classic or tonkatsu next time.  I absolutely fell in love with the salad and the salad dressing was the best!!  The greens were delicate and tasty and the salad dressing, some tomato onion I'm not sure but it was delicious.  Service was quick and the seating comfortable enough.  We will definitely be back!!
5	First off i am a die hard Sora ramen fan. So when my wife wanted to go to Fukumimi i was skeptical at first. the place is small and atmosphere was nothing to note....like a typical japanese ramen house. I ordered the spicy miso ramen without reading the description on the menu (my fault). I didnt realize the ramen didnt come with nori and it had corn which im not a fan of in my ramen. The noodle were as good as the noodles at Sora nice and thick perfectly al dente. The spicy miso broth had alittle sweetness to it that i kind of disliked, but it was still delicious. Sora makes a much better spicy miso broth in my opinon. So why did i give them 5 stars you might ask? Their fukumimi ramen ( which my wife ordered ) was friggin delcious! The broth is super hearty and flavorful. I dont know if they have a spicy version of that soup but if they do im there. I highly recommend the fukumimi ramen. When im on the east side of town and i want Ramen Fukumimi's my spot!
5	This place is the best ramen in town!! Try the fukumimi ramen , you can make it spicy if you like, but everything is great!! the Karage is delicious . Perfection everytime!
5	While getting my phone screen replaced, we were looking for somewhere to eat. Everything sounded good so we just decided to go to fukumimi. BEST DECISION OF THE VEGAS TRIP! This place was so good and reasonably priced. For four people, we ordered the honey garlic chicken, 2 orders of soboro rice (1 was to go cause it was that good), curry rice, miso ramen, and tan tan men ramen. We were all stuffed and the total including a 15% tip was about 45-50 if I'm not mistaken. Will definitely be back.
5	The best Ramen and kimchi hands on!!! I don't go anywhere else for a craving. I always order their fukumimi Ramen with extra corn and egg, and my hubby always have spicy miso Ramen. For our appetizer kimchi kimchi kimchi! Oh also don't miss to try their sobodo bowl!
2	Quality of food is great portions are small not a good value for the cost. Service could have been better , I ordered an appetizer and it was served with my meal, drinks were never refilled.  Ambience is great , small dining area that reflects the product. If you want ramen in the vegas area try ramen sora
2	Well. The place was clean. Staff were friendly. The ramen lacked umph. The broth had no flavor. After having Sora Ramen I was very disappointed at the quality of Fukumimi. I was hoping for another phenomenal ramen place closer to home but it was not the case. So for phenomenal ramen I will have to make the treck to spring mountain road.
5	Love these "hole-in-walls". Was able to be seated quickly. Courteous greeting and service. Karaage chicken appetizer was really tasty. Ramen had great broth and good, chewy noodles. Highly recommend.
4	Love this place.. Everyone is very nice. I love the curry here, and my Mother loves the ramen. I will gladly drive from Downtown to eat here. After lunch, you can run to Walgreens just across the way.  How can you not like a place called Fukumimi?! Lol!
5	My favorite ramen place in Las Vegas!  Hands down great service, kind people and the ramen is amazing!
5	This may just be the East Coast talking, but I've not had better ramen than this before. I had a hankering for. Ramen because I've got the sniffles and was in Las Vegas for work. A quick Yelp search and flat tire later, I finally found them. The guy behind the counter was gracefully trying to remove a belligerent vagrant as I entered the place. He could have been mean, as she was swearing up a storm, but he was calm and kind, which really made a good impression on me. But vagrant relations was not the purpose of my visit, so on to the food!  I had the karaage (Japanese fried chicken bits - $3.90) and tantan men (pork, miso, and sesame paste ramen $8.95). Both were superb, and the price was right. My craving satisfied and with no angry homeless people blocking my exit, I left a happy customer.
5	Im not a big noodle person BUT I would go here again! Soup is amazing! Make sure to order extra noodles. The chicken is so yummy! Looking forward to our next visit!
1	Only took them about 10mins to get my water, let see how long its goint to take for my food.... service are awful!
4	Besides the random homeless lady walking in and disturbing not just me but every customer eating in there... The workers kinda just let her bother all the customers because they didn't really stop her. This place is legit. Guess location is the problem? Figure I try other ramen spots before my go to. Been here once. I hope to not get bother by a homeless if I eve eat here again.
5	I come here at least twice a month. It hits the spot every time! Service is good and the food is wonderful. Nuff said.
4	Solid ramen joint.  The spicy is great. Just try to go during the off peak hours.  The service is great and the food is total comfort food!  It is small so during the lunch break it gets super crammed.
5	I haven't always liked ramen but I must say that I really love this place! I try to come atleast once a month since I work over at the airport and its just a 10min drive. My favs are the fukumimi special and their agedashi tofu? Oh my gaaaaaaaaawd.
5	This is a small little ramen house with a simple menu. I go here often and the service is always good and it's cheap for what you get. They have a punch card for frequent goers and every 4th ramen is a free appetizer. I haven't tried anything in the menu that I haven't liked.
5	This place is AMAZING! My boyfriend and I decided to try something new because we were getting tired of the usual Monta and Sora Ramen. This place was way better than both of those places. As a Las Vegas local, you only ever hear about Monta and Sora.Back to Fukumimi, we tried their salad, gyoza, edamame and the spicy miso. Everything was phenomenal. We wanted to order double of everything to take home. The broth of the spicy miso was not heavily salted which we prefer. The spicy paste they used was just enough to heat our mouths. Not too spicy for us. The egg was cooked perfectly as well. The service was great as well. Very friendly staff!we will for sure be coming back here again!
1	Been here about 5 times and the two times I'm here I ordered my Karaage Chicken SUPER GREASY and I mention it to the server then she said no it is the salad dressing and the chicken suppose to be GREASY NOT CRUNCHY! I was politely ask to fix my Karaage issues but she come back with the same chicken saying I will just take it off the check instead of fixing it correctly!!! The owner is not here by the way!!! VERY DISAPPOINTING, NOT SURE IF IM GOING TO RETURN TO THIS PLACE AGAIN!!!
5	Looking for a quick Japanese ramen fix this is the place...kara miso ramen is the best if you love spicy like me,  fukumimi ramen if your in a mood for the regular one... honey glazed and chicken kaarage are the bomb...  small place so make sure call if you want to know if their busy...
4	3rd Ramen house in 10 days and now thinking I have a serious addiction problem. We had the mother-in-law with us, who's been on a strict low sodium diet, so what better way to mess with her than take her to a Ramen house ...pure evil. I was intrigued by the Tan Tan Men (I prefer Tan Tan Women...groan, I know). Since starting this Ramen quest of mine, I've started to experiment at home with making my own version of Tan Tan (Wo)Men. I was curious how Fukumini's meat compared to Sora's and mine. The flavor profiles of all 3 are very similar with tasting the likeness of Toban Djan (Chili Bean Sauce), sweetness from Mirin and hints of garlic. I think my recipe is pretty close.Service was excellent and on point. We arrived just before the dinner rush and were seated right away. There was a bit of anxiety on our part during the first few minutes of walking in as the aromas permeating  were quite unpleasant and offensive. But the poopy odor soon dissipated and were replaced by more pleasant cooking bouquets.We started with an order of GYOZA which was the best I've had. It was well seasoned and something better than any of the dumplings I've had in Chinatown.The TAN TAN MEN was delicious! Flavorful rich broth that wasn't too salty and thick noodles that had a nice chew to them. My bowl was the envy of everyone at my table who ordered other varieties such as the Classic Ramen in a chicken based broth and the Tonkatsu Soy Ramen. Fortunately for my MIL, they offered a low sodium version of each broth to save her from sporting kankles. My wife who is a picky eater, which is why I suggested the Classic Ramen, wanted to switch with my bowl of Tan Tan Men after tasting it. Being the picky eater, she gives me her Chashu so I thought it would be a win/win situation. We will probably be back sooner than later so she can get her Tan Tan Women.  The Chashu was very tender. My daughter didn't enjoy her Tonkatsu Soy Ramen as much because she said it wasn't as well seasoned, but getting her nana's accidental order of extra Chashu made up for it.I think Fukumini will be a regular spot for us to hit up on cold nights since it's on our side of town and similar to Ramen Sora. Oishii desu!
5	The car of miso ramen soup was delicious the honey glazed chicken appetizer was the best I love the atmosphere at this place its small and I'll continue on East Russell Road for one and a half miles for any casual dining experience hope this helps you choose this fabulous place
4	Went to try this place out after reading  the reviews and I was not disappointed. Had the soy broth and it was hearty and savory. The ramen was not overdone, very tender and not soggy like other ramen spots. They are also very budget friendly.
3	Tonkatsu Spicy Miso Ramen 3/5It was ok.... the noodles were good but I felt like it wasn't enough. The meat was too chewy for my taste and I felt there was just too much broth to make your bowl look huge.Service was great, the waiters came around and were attentive in supplying water. 5/5If you come here during main dinner times come early, this place seating was a little busy as a few people had to wait to be seated. Luckily the turnover is really fast.I would like to try the chicken karage next time but maybe not, I felt the prices were a little too high. It didn't help either that I went to gyu-kaku afterwards and saw a bunch of cheaper prices for their food on the menu. Price 2/5
5	Definitely recommend this place. First time walked in and was greeted with sincerity. Not the fanciest looking place but im more attracted to the food and service. I will definitely be back to try more of their menu.
5	Enjoy frequenting this place! Simple, fun, and tasty. Consistently. Perfect winter food. Service is always attentive and kind. If you haven't been its worth the visit. I usually order the chicken karage (japanese fried chicken) for starters and then I cycle through multiple soups depending on the preferred taste of that day. Loyalty card is a must after you find yourself visiting autonomously.
5	This is one of my favorite ramen places in the valley. Yes, it is better than Monta. I lived in Japan for a few years, and I would say this place is highly authentic in flavor and feel.Between my boyfriend and I, we have tried almost every ramen. My favorite is the spicy miso, but I have also enjoyed the tan tan men and the kogashi. My boyfriend loves the salt ramen. Their gyoza and karaage chicken are also very good. We get it every time we are there. I have had the agedashi tofu and it's very good as well.Another thing that is great about Fukumimi is their loyalty card. For every four ramen you get, you get a free appetizer. Considering we always get the gyoza and karaage chicken, this is an amazing deal. We have cashed in several times already.This is a small restaurant, but they do everything well. There aren't that many choices, but that only adds to the authentic feel, and allows them to do it well instead of focusing on so many different items. It is also conveniently located, and is a perfect stop on the way home from work at UNLV. All said and done, everything here is great. The service is excellent, the food is delicious, and the prices are more than fair. Highly recommended for sure.
4	Was a little iffy about the place at first (soups aren't really my thing especially ramen). But was really surprised by how amazing it tasted (not your ordinary ramen noodles you live off in college and while sick that I remember). Nothing really special about the place's look. Just a little hole in a place next to Walgreens, but well priced and worth a try. Highly recommend the honey garlic chicken appetizer....amazing. Craving it again as I speak.
5	Great prices and even better food!! The service was fast, efficient, and accurate. I can't wait to come back!
4	The closest place from UNLV to get ramen.While their ramen is no where close to my favorite Monta (Monta's #1!), it gets the job done and satisfies my cravings. The ramen here is decent - I've tried the standard miso ramen, tan tan men, and the Fukumimi. I'm very simple, so miso is my favorite! I usually order miso w/ thick noodles, no bean sprouts (broth tastes better to me w/o them, I usually forget to tell them to remove though), and sometimes an extra egg. They give you half an egg with every order, unlike Monta where the egg doesn't come with your ramen & you have to order as extra. WHERE DOES THE OTHER HALF GO THOUGH AT FUKUMIMI?! Whenever I order extra, I feel three halves is too much! I usually just steal my friend's egg from their ramen anyways hehe :3Appetizers are pretty good as well - Had their karaage (Japanese fried chicken) and honey garlic chicken. Both are comforting! I don't recommend their chasu bowl here though. I thought it would be sliced like standard chasu bowls at other restaurants, but here it's shredded and tastes funny.I'd rate this place a 3/3.5 based on the food but the location is so convenient & I never had bad service here. Their stamp card for buy 4 bowls of ramen and get a free appetizer also keeps me coming back to this ramen house too.
4	It failed to disappoint me the second time! It's a small place so the wait time is not that long.. get their Ramen card so you get a free appetizer for every 4 ramen bought! Tryin the curry rice it's sooo good!
5	This place is delicious!! I always end up getting the spicy miso ramen and it's definitely amazing! I love how the flavors blend and its a fast ramen joint! I go in and place my order and within 10 minutes it's ready! The gyoza is delicious as well. Glad for a ramen joint off the strip and not too far from where I live.
5	This vegas ramen hit the spot. It's out of the Vegas strip but definitely taste better than a lot of on the strip foodsPrices are typical ramen spot prices. But this is one of my faves I have tried.Worth the drive. Some wait. Delicious
3	I had the Fukumimi Ramen which was said the best Ramen there, it was too salty for me, and the noodle itself was not so good enough. I was really disappointed because this restaurant has a high rate.
4	Yo, Vegas has a ramen joint. TELL EVERYONE.My favorite being tan tan men, I ordered that and the kaarage (small bites of fried chicken). My friend ordered the Fukumimi ramen, which I believe is a pork-based broth.The tan tan men was too creamy. Like, grainy creamy. The interaction of miso with the liquid broth was not there. In fact, I barely ate any of mine because of it. Soooo why give this place four stars?Their Fukumimi ramen was awesome. It had an amazing flavor that I will most certainly order in the future. I'm having a hard time describing it, just, whatever, just go. Kaarage is good too, but I'd personally stick to the ramen.So sayth our Lord and Savior, Flying Spaghetti Monster.R-aaaamen.
