5	Great drinks.  Great vibe.  Ask for Nicole as a server.  She was friendly and professional.
3	UPDATED REVIEW: (marked down to 3 stars).We had such a great experience here during the grand opening that we decided to go back a week later with a friend visiting from out of town.  The experience was not as great.  Here is the low down:HOST STAFF:  Clueless.We made reservations a few days in advance and asked to sit with our server from our first visit.  On the night of our dinner we arrived 20 minutes early to see plenty of open tables but the hostess was absolutely clueless on what to do with us.  Uh, seat us maybe?  We gave her a break and decided to sit in the lounge for a drink while she sorted it out but after 30 minutes (10 minutes after our reservation) we never got approached about our table (except for the wrong name - "Are you Mr. Kluss"?) and so we had to go back up to the stand to find out what was going on with the delay.  The hostess seemed like she was making an excuse up (similar to lost homework judging from her age) as to why our table still wasn't ready and so we ended up having to talk to another hostess to get it right.  When they finally went to sit us down it wasn't in the servers area we had twice requested (once during our reservation a week before and once when we arrived).  When we let her know of the mistake the hostess seating us (a different one) made some rude remark about how 'messed up' things were here and sat us down in the section we requested.  Not a good tee-off to a $260 dinner for 3.DINNER: Too slow and with mistakes.The best part of dinner was the demeanor from or original server.  She was a real pro and as cool as we remembered the first time but seemed to be hamstrung by the slow kitchen service and a few lapses in attention to detail from there - missing or slow items she had to notice and then retrieve.  I'm no stranger to fine dining and a slow pace is nice but It took a good 40 minutes just to get our apps - thats too long.  Overall the food was just "okay" for as long as we waited and for the price.  I've been much more impressed at half a dozen other steakhouses in town (The Palm @ Caesars, Capital Grill, Ruths Chris's, Del Friscos, Flemings etc).  Really surprised too that the cocktails were made so inconsistently (in taste) because how complicated is a cocktail?  It was so left to right that we had to keep saying something to the point that the server felt bad enough to finally bring us an extra (right) one for free.SUMMARY:Like the other reviewer our trouble started with the front host staff and unfortunately continued with slow service.  As native Las Vegans we like the Cosmo a lot as far as hotels go and may give STK another shot after we've tried the other restaurants at the hotel first.  The layout is great, the decor, the music and the overall vibe are solid too but as far as service goes and food that blows you away goes - maybe they just have opening week issues.Caveat emptor.
4	Hostess and wait staff were perfectly accommodating, although it was a Monday night and I guess they weren't super busy. Our party of 5 showed up without a reservation around 7, 730pm and were seated within 10 minutes. Our drinks from the bar hadn't even arrived so they were brought to our booth. Ambience was great, a DJ was spinning some excellent tunes (think Bennie and the Jetts) - although music was a bit loud for conversation.I had the 10 oz. filet and my friend had the organic chicken. I loved the crust on my steak. The steak was tender and flavorful despite the fact that I opted out of any additional toppings/sauce for my steak (I'm a purist). The chicken was very soft and moist, although the portion was very small.We shared sides:-mac and cheese (standard, nothing special. I consider myself a mac  n cheese connoisseur and I like a good crispy crust with cheesy al dente pasta but this was more a creamy white concoction that I wasn't in love with)-parmesan truffle fries (not shoe string but more like perfectly rectangular steak fries, stacked kinda like jenga. pretty good but again, nothing to die for)-roasted carrots (baby yellow and orange market carrots - delicious, tender, flavorful)-mushroom pot pie (presentation was great. They bring it out in it's little pot, cut around the top of the crust and dump the dish out upside down onto another plate. Presentation was better than the flavor - basically different mushrooms in a creamy sauce, but still fun.) Overall: my steak did it for me. I'd go back.
4	Stopped for a cocktail a few nights after the grand opening. Bartender was friendly and I loved my drink. Best part about the experience though, was the cool DJ spinning away!
3	Where do you start with this one?Lets see...awesome location ...decent design.   Playlist was awful and did not match the vibe that the design offers. I couldn't even hear my server who was very kind...helpful...and knowledgeable.  Thank you Mike!Way over staffed...which I'm sure had everything to do with the holiday and opening week...but they were just standing around like flies and chatting away...including management.  Didn't look professional and felt crowded.There were only two restrooms that were unisex.  The attendant was not tending to them adequately.   The seats were wet and toilets weren't flushed.Some interesting food items on the menu but only a couple lived up to their hype.  Sauces were disappointing in comparison to their house sauce and some proportions were off for the elaborate or eccentric culinary menu items they were trying to accomplish.The steaks were cooked to true temp and very good quality and the blue cheese dressing was gourmet.I didn't have a chance to look at the wines and the desert menu was minimal and not very creative.Overall. Think they need time to grow but then again...its Vegas and I hear that it is a fun late night place...but anywhere with cheap cocktail waitress dresses usually is.  I may try it again....but mainly because it is at my new favorite hotel!
4	Great vibe - fantastic service, great food.  Couldn't ask for much more.  The porterhouse was amazing!
3	Food was pretty good, could have been better...service was fast and sharp thought it better be due to that they had too many staff members who were just standing around. Music was too loud where u have to almost yell to talk and the music selection was just crappy...one thing i love was the hostess... totaly HOTTIE , i would go back jus tto see her
2	I'd give it 2.5 stars but someone needs to fix the music issue and hopefully a low side vote will encourage it.  (BTW, there is a big frackin knob for the volume. Turn it counter-clockwise)Like many of the reviews on here, I was hoping for awesome and I got moments of cool with whole smattering of  average. I have eaten at 90% of the steakhouses here in town and I have a pretty good feel for what is hip and cool. Ambiance-The music is WAY to frackin loud. It's bad form to have to yell at my wife who is 3 feet away from me during dinner.  I have 6000 watt home theater with 4 18 inch subs so I'm not in the "If it's too loud your too old club".  But for an upscale steakhouse in an amazing casino it's just amateurish. I get concepts and this one just sucks. Nor is this the place to bring clients to discuss business. It is however a good place to bring inlaws because you won't be able to hear them.Annoyance factor minus 2 starsFood-We asked for a heavy peppercorn rub on our steaks so much so that the steaks would be "ruined" with pepper. They brought our steaks cooked perfectly to temp and with a thick coating of peppercorns.  PERFECT! I had the STK Bold Sauce and my wifey had the creamy horseradish. My sauce was good if not a bit too sweet and the horseradish cream sauce was blah. We had the truffle fries (LOVED), Asparagus (good as it can be) and mac and cheese(Eh, cheesier and more crunch please)If I had to find fault It would be that food came out a bit too quick. It was about 5 or so minutes after the apps were completed. Overall N9ne, Botero and Brand have a better product. Minus .5 starsStaff- The FoH girls were cute, dressed well and very friendly.  No complaints here. Bar staff was interesting- My bartender told me her signature drink was a cucumber and basil martini. She said was it amazing and I asked, is she so sure that she will buy it if I don't like it? She said no.  Fair enough, except the bartender next to her had a group of folks come in. Couldn't tell if they were friends or business but there were 8 of them in the group and he proceeded to make them all drinks and then tell the group that the whole round was on them.  Hmmm....I joked to my girl if I could be part of their group. She didn't get it. Oh and the cucumber martini at union is way better. Our waiter was awesome as was the buss staff.  He was polite, fun and knowledgeable about the menu.  I probably won't be back as I'd rather go to N9ne or Botero for the same price and not have to deal with the frackin music. Plus N9ne has a cool vibe that is way more  my liking than "Steak at the Roxbury" feel of STK.
4	Ah STK the place to be seen and to mingle. As soon as you walk into this restaurant you notice all the beautiful people, loud music, and dim atmosphere. The hostess sits you in round booths that are so close to your neighbor by the end of the night you might have new friends. You order a round of their signature cocktails and soak in the glitz and the glam. But is it worth all the hype and the $$$? Service - Our waitress was awesome. She was very detailed when going over the menu (maybe a little too much) and was more than obliged to offer her recommendations. She was on top of her game and provided excellent service to our table. I was a little intimidated by the bussers as they were like vultures as soon as you finished a dish. They also swooped in to fold the napkin on the table everytime my date got up from the table. Side note: Just make sure to say you ordered sparkling water so they don't pour regular tap water when they see your glass almost empty. Tap & Sparkling do not mix well.Food - Within minutes of being sat down, you are greeted with a complimentary Parmesan Garlic Roll and it's dipping oil, which I can't remember what it was off the top of my head. The roll wasn't bad. We order our cocktails and appetizers - Tuna Tartare & Foie Gras French Toast. Phenomenal! Both were so refreshing and hit that palate perfectly. The Tuna Tartare was fresh with diced jalapenos, onions and lime in a taco shell with a avocado puree and chili oil. The Foie Gras French Toast was balanced excellently. The toast in a sherry reduction and the foie gras perfectly cooked, sprinkled with powdered sugar and served with a poached apple made happy time in my mouth! I highly recommend these two apps. We then ordered a medium rare bone-in fillet with a side of Parmesan truffle fries, mac & cheese, mushroom pot pie and steamed Alaskan crab legs. The fries were not like the usual shoestring fries you find around town, they were more like steak potato blocks, not bad if I say so myself. The mushroom pot pie is good for mushroom fiends. They bring it out as a pot pie and cut the top off and dump the filling on a plate for you. The Alaskan crab legs were nicely plump and sweet, oh how I miss the Northwest! Now for the main entree- for being a steakhouse I was disappointed that their steak did not live up to the hype. It was cooked perfectly but had no flavor! A little salt & pepper would have made it one of the top steaks in town. Maybe the reason it's so bland is because they do give you an option to add a topping or sauce to your steak. However, I'm a purist and great steak doesn't need anything fancy on it if seasoned right. The waitress brought us their steak sauces to try and honestly I wasn't impressed by them. The flavor was so bland. The mushroom & peppercorn sauce was probably the better of the 4 but it still lacked flavor. Word of advice don't order the mac & cheese, no flavor whatsoever. I couldn't tell you if it was suppose to be a truffle mac & cheese or just a white mac & cheese (Best Mac & Cheese: StripSteak's truffle mac & cheese). Wait still not done! We had to top off the night with dessert to have the whole STK experience. We ordered a molten chocolate cake and the famous bread pudding. If you have a sweet tooth, these two desserts will rock your world. I did like the bread pudding but it was a little too sweet for me as it was drenched in the caramel syrup. The Captain Crunch addition to the bread pudding was quite interesting. When all was said and done, we got are bill and walked away stuffed. We easily spent over $200 for the 2 of us but we also wanted to have the full STK experience. Overall, a cool place to be if you don't mind the loudness, dark lighting and have a couple hours to kill...our dinner lasted over 2 hours. Side notes:  The timing between apps and entrees seemed so spread out. I feel like we waited 15-20 for our entree to come out, could be a bad thing if you're starving. The steak was a disappointment but willing to try it again or try something else. Be prepared to wait in line to use the restroom as there is only one stall per gender. Make reservations as it can get crowded.
4	Yummy!!!We were at STK this past weekend for an engagement celebration.  The staff was so nice and so accomodating!!!  The food is mostly very good!!!  I know this is a steak house, but I am not a steak fan so I opted for the Dover Sole...I thought it was a little overcooked.  However, that was the only thing I didn't care for!!!  We ordered tons of appetizers and sides...hamburger sliders, shrimp rice krispy thingys, crab salad, some sort of roll thing, sweet corn, macaroni, mushrooms, and a couple that I am forgetting!!!  The macaroni is my FAVORITE!!!  I think I ate a whole one myself!!!  They brought out a congratulatory lava cake that we all shared...very good, as well!!!Overall, this place is a bit pricey, but has very solidly decent food...oh...and very good drinks!!!  I almost forgot...this place is like eating in a club...they have a DJ!!!  The music was awesome and everyone in the restaurant  was singing....very fun time!!!
4	Probably one of the best steaks in Las Vegas. Comfortable seating and busy. Very busy. Lobster appetizer was a bit pricey for the little, but delicious amount you got. For a new restuarant the staff was very well trained. Looking forward to next visit, minus lobster app.
4	Ok, So we dined at STK two nights in a row.  Why? The food was outstanding and James our waiter (both nights) was equally hospitable in his top notch service.  There were a few tiny hitches however George the GM was incredibly authentic in his management style which we completely appreciated and his approach to seeing his restaurant as successful was very appealing. One thing you must know is that the 80's music is loud.  If you are of the age that enjoys that period, you will find it hard NOT to chair dance or mouth the words to many favorite songs.  Some actually had to get up and dance!  Great to go with friends for a fun night out.  Maybe not appropriate for a dinner meeting... I don't think you'd get any work done.It's new... give it a try, your taste buds will be happy!  And ask for James as your server.  You will be pleased you did.
1	Four Hours of my life I'd like to have back!The food...3 stars; Loud, uncool music... Negative 1 star; Not honoring a reservation made 2 months in advance until an hour after the reservation time...Negative 1 star; Taking a reservation for 12, when not a table in the place is big enough for comfortably sit 8...Negative 1 star.OK, I won't be going back to STK.  It's way too loud for anything except a dance club, let alone a (theoretical) steak restaurant...they're trying too hard to be cool.  This means not even a two person table could have a diner conversation; but if a dinner date without talking is for you, then this could be the place.  Might as well bring earplugs...the 80s music isn't worth listening to anyway.Not a place for large parties.  I planned on a nice dinner with a group of friends and celebrating a birthday.  Shame on STK for even taking a reservation for 12 and confirming it 24 hours ahead of time, if the restaurant isn't set up for large groups.  Almost all of the tables are fixed booths, so there's no re-arranging...and the booths are pretty much 6 to 8 people comfortably.  It would have been nice to have known, before everyone is sitting in each other's lap for an expensive dinner.The waiter was pleasant and efficient, the food was OK.  Host staff was useless.I was a guest at The Cosmopolitan, but STK is the worst part of the hotel.
4	Fun ambiance, "not your daddy's steakhouse" - music is loud, but great!  Service was excellent, very attentive, LOTS of staff.  And it's in the most amazing place ever!!! THE COSMOPOLITAN!  I love that place.  But back to the restaurant.......the only mild complaint I would have, is the price, paying $42 for a top sirloin that was good, NOT excellent and then $8-10 for small portion sides is not my cup of tea.  I'm frugal-ish, but willing to pay for greatness.  Try the sweet corn pudding was terrific!!Good food, great service, fun ambiance, hot chicks in short dresses, I might go back if I didn't have to pay.  :)
4	At first I thought it would seem strange that the first thing I'm going to mention about this restaurant is the music, but after reading some other reviews I guess I'm not surprised it made such an impression on me. The DJ was AWESOME and the music, although loud enough to grab my attention, was not too loud to make conversation (even across an 8-person table) difficult. I thought it added greatly to the ambience, and when you have people at 5 nearby tables break into song and talking across the booths to one another, I think that spells success. My steak (the small filet medallion) was cooked perfectly and the sauce was great. I also tried the lamb and the skirtsteak with chimichurri and would recommend both. The sides were ok. I was a little disappointed with the asparagus and the mac-n-cheese. The corn pudding was delightful, however, as was our dessert - the bread pudding. YUM. Captain Crunch and Caramel sauce. Who knew? The service was great, everyone was very friendly, accomodating, and happy - one server even broke into an impromptu dance when Michael Jackson's "Billy Jean" came on. My one complaint would be the bathroom - there is only one stall and a long line. Side Note: If you've got time to kill before or after dinner, The Chandelier Bar or Bond Bar in the Cosmopolitan both offer great drinks, beautiful decor, and fun people watching.
3	I ordered the 16oz. sirloin, and while it was an excellent cut of beef, it came out more like well done than the medium that I ordered. Sides were a bit small, usually the ala-carte sides in swanky steakhouses are suitable for 2 or more people, but these were barely adequate for 1.I ate at the upper-level bar, and despite it being a very busy Friday night, I received excellent service from the delightfully-chatty bartender who probably burned 500 calories an hour hustling behind the bar.I actually enjoyed the loud 1980s music; they played about 4 of my favorite songs in a row.Overall, I liked the atmosphere and energy of the place, but would give them time to straighten out the cooking before I go back. It's a pretty new place, after all.
4	The best about STK was the service, our server was David Risner and he is awesome.  He is attentive but not like bugging you.  Music might be bit too loud for me and the steak is probably an 8.  We tried all the sauces, and my personal favorite is the blue butter and Stk sauces.The appertizers were impressive.  Definitely order the Foie Gras, even my chef friend was impressive.  The truffle french fried Parm sounds amazing, but really wasn't that good at all.  They might have only put tiny tiny tiny bit of truffle, can't even smell it.. :PThe desert was super sweet, proabably more for kids than adults.  I guess I gave it 4 stars because it was such a fun experience for us thanks to our waiter.  There are simply too many steak houses in Vegas that rocks.Btw, this is my 2nd try on STK.  First time, was horrible but I guess we went on the grand opening date. I do love the concept of their business card as well.
5	I checked out STK tonight with two of my friends and it was probably one of the best meals we've all had in a long time! I made a reservation in advance since I figured Monday would be busy since it's their weekly industry night. I was right. Even with the reservation, we had to wait a bit but the ambiance was fun so we didn't mind. Being a member of the industry, our dinner automatically got 25% off; one of the servers brought us three extra sides (and refused to take them back or charge us even though we told him we hadn't ordered them). All of our steaks (three different temperatures) were cooked PERFECTLY, and everything else was in a great sharable size. We got the cheesecake lollipops and the creme brulee trio for dessert to split amongst us. Everything was fabulous, the food was great, the music was fun, the atmosphere was not at all what we expected and we loved it. Would definitely come back!
2	STK is one of several happening spots in the new Cosmopolitan Hotel.  What makes this place unique is the dj blasting music throughout the restaurant (don't go for quiet conversation or a romantic dinner).  I wasn't there for either and enjoyed the old school r&b while dining.  The vibe was further enhanced by the great visuals.  This spot is pretty popular so there's no shortage of great looking women.Unfortunately the food and service didn't live up to the hype.  Like so many popular restaurants in vegas they overbook like crazy.  Our casino host joined us for dinner and we still waitied an hour and a half to get seated despite our reservation.  The rib eye was just average (I prefer the rib eye at botero - especially with their chimmichuri sauce).  The tab came to ~$450 for four and that included a bottle of wine.  Good thing the meal was comped by the casino.Wouldn't pay to dine there.  note: I dined there 2/4 which was a very busy super bowl weekend.
4	Cosmopolitan Hotel is absolutely gorgeous. We gamed a little to kill time before our dinner time at 6:00pm. Once we got there, it looked a little empty, just around the bar were full. We were seated right away, we had a nice view of the whole restaurant. We had two orders of Fois gras french toast $22., tuna tartare $18., tuna sashimi $18., half a dozen oyster $18., and a caesars salad. For dinner we had the sea bass - no good because it's not Chilean sea bass. , bone in ribeye - prepared great, seared big eye tuna - tasty, beef short rib - my friend said very tender and good. strawberry cobbler $16 - fruity flavor with cracker crusted rim dirty pearls $17 - vodka & blue cheese stuffed olives. It's different! White orchid $16. - not a sweet drink, smooth, vodka & slight gin We weren't going to have any dessert but was talked into ( in a good way) so we ordered the Warm Tres leches cake; Dulce de leche - coconut sorbet - crispy macaroon. It was so sweet.!!
2	I gave this place two stars because the steaks were excellent.. besides that the music being played in the restaurant was too loud and it wasn't really that good. One moment it was gangster rap and the next we were hearing al green. It was awkward. I felt like I was in a night.club eating. The wait for the food took forever also. Don't think ill be coming back here again.
1	Before I continue, I'd like to make it clear that this is a review of STK in the Cosmopolitan Hotel, not the Cosmopolitan Hotel itself which was an amazing place to spend Valentine's Weekend.Read the other reviews here that complain about the overbooking issue.  We had a reservation for 10pm.  We checked in TWICE.  Both times we were told that our table would be ready shortly.  After waiting over an hour, we decided to bail.  My husband told the host we were leaving, and the host told my husband that we had never checked in, but if we wanted to wait an additional 15 minutes, he would get us seated.  Yeah, right.  We said "no thanks" and went elsewhere.That night, I found a cancellation notice in my email account from Open Table.  It was sent at the exact moment that we left the restaurant.  Oh I'm sorry STK, I did not cancel my reservation.  You cancelled it for me.
4	If you remember nothing else...make a reservation for earlier rather than later here.  We had a 6:15pm reservation on Saturday, February 12 (the weekend before Valentine's Day).  We walked right in and the place was busy but not packed.  The music was low, the service was friendly and our waiter Ryan Schuler was a handsome information center. As the next hour passed the room became much busier and the music volume became club loud.  I would not have minded until I heard Whitney Houston's "How would I know".  I might be getting older but not that old.  We dressed up a bit and felt comfortable, but we noticed a few older couples from Iowa in their sweatshirts and jeans (they stood out in not a good way).We ordered the $40 seafood platter that had 2 oysters, 2 prawns, 2 tuna & I think yellowtail. DELICIOUS! I enjoyed a White Orchid & a Cherry Cobler drink & my honey had the Cucumber drink (reminded me of being at a spa).We ordered the 2lb lobster ($75 MP) & I had the Filet Medallion 7oz that was wonderful at $29 & my fiance had the 10oz Filet at $44.  Each was as good as the Steakhouse at Circus Circus or SW at Wynn. We didn't even use our sauces.  A side of the maple carrots and the Yukon creamy potatoes finished the meal off for us.  We were stuffed but left happy.
2	The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars was because my food was good and the music was nice.  Other than that, the people running this place are completely unqualified and have no business in the service industry.I had a 9:30pm reservation last week.  Needless to say, this was the worst restaurant experience I've ever had.  I've been dining out in Vegas for over 10 years and have always had exceptional meals and experiences.  These were the most pretentious, obnoxious, rude and unprofessional people.  I don't mind waiting 15 minutes for a reservation, but we didn't sit down until 10:45pm.  No one at the host desk apologized, offered us a round of drinks, nothing.  They just ignored us. When we finally sat down, the woman who sat us didn't even apologize.  We had a very nice waiter who was apologetic even though it wasn't his fault.  He got the "manager" for us and some guy named Josh came over, apologized and offered to "take care of us" during our dining experience.  That never happened.  So fake!Folks, if you want to eat here, go early, expect to wait and expect the hosts and managers to be inattentive and rude.  I think they are there to look like they are in control, with their headsets and designer suits and skimpy outfits.  They are pretty much useless.If you need to eat in the Cosmopolitan Hotel, go to Blue Ribbon Sushi, these guys know what they are doing, service is great and the food is crazy good!If you really want an STK experience, go to the STK in NY, at least they know what they are doing there.
3	This is not your father's steakhouse. They have really gone out of their way to create a different experience centered around a trendy design and a loungish atmosphere. Yes, the music is really loud but as the night progresses and people start having a good time the volume becomes oddly appropriate. STK would be a great choice for a bachelor party or a fun night out with a group of friends. I had a bone-in ribeye which was excellent. The sides were so-so but I've never really cared for such distractions anyways. Give me my bloody piece of meat and get out of the way!
4	I stayed at the cosmopolitan hotel because thats where the Black Keys were playing. Great show btw. I had the 10 ounce filet here and it was pretty fucking tasty. Truffle fries and chocolate molten cake. Food was excellent, but with tax and tip and what not being 80 bucks it should be tits. I liked the vibe of this place a lot. It looks great inside. Also there was lots of trim, sharp dressed people, etc. Perfect upscale yuppie experience.Make a reservation unless you wanna sit in the way back of the restaurant.  Also the cosmopolitan hotel is really cool inside.
5	Absolutely love the food at STK. The steak is unreal! Most of the appetizers are phenomenal also. I love the party vibe and loud music. It truly gets you hyped for your night out! If you want quiet and romantic go elsewhere. If you're in Vegas to party and enjoy yourself this is your spot!
4	WOW, best rotisserie chicken ever!!! Oh yeah, got a steak too!!! Great Hotel for a very trendy dinner spot. Cool ambiance, great menu. Bone in Rib eye was perfect. Mac and Cheese on the side, who has a problem with that? Rotisserie chicken was moist, great spices, cooked to perfection!!! Good drinks, great crowds. Will be back 100%
4	What a GREAT experience!  Dinner was excellence and the drinks were strong.  The music is loud but you shouldn't be going here for a quite dinner.  This place is great for the beginning to your night out.  I recommend any of the steaks and the seafood platter.
4	If someone had told me there was a steak joint that attracted women in sexy club wear with a DJ that had every table in the place raising their hands to a smashup remix version of YMCA as people danced around the bar, I would say this was crazy. It's true this place does exists and it's STK. I was a little concerned at first because I heard this steak joint catered to women. I thought to myself "Oh man, I'm I going to be ridiculed for going to a ladies steak joint". I later found out why they say that. It's because they offer and serve smaller cuts so that women would be more inclined to eat a steak. They still had larger cuts and the usual hearty sides. The Kobe sliders were amazing though very pricey but worth every dollar. I say this is the closes thing to a meat-meat market I have ever seen and I have to say I enjoyed it all night.
4	In the hip Cosmopolitan Hotel STK attracts a good looking hip crowd with money to spend. The food is def good - quality, flavor, presentation, and portion. Not big on service though.  The DJ played 80's music when we were there on a Sat night and we were all dancing in our seats. Everyone is looking good and you feel the euphoria and decide it only makes sense to give them half of your paycheck.... I will be back when sugar daddy is flipping the bills :))
4	I adore this place somewhat b/c it brings together classy steakhouse hallmarks and modern bacchi-style twists in one setting. Despite being... less than creative with ingredients, the menu here is logical, which lauds mucho applause from this happy camper. Being in Vegas, the atmosphere here is also fittingly silly and sheik @ once. Parmesan truffle fries are amazing(and I usually despise potato dishes @ nice places-they're cheap). The apps were the low point of the evening, hit and miss. Two friends and I had the lobster cocktail, which tasted like it'd been caught far, far away prior to a flavor-draining odyssey. But, wait.. the Crab Salad saved the day and turned things around. A collective exhale henceforth graced the table.I had the filet: score. My friend had a market fish which ended a drought of good seafood experiences since leaving recent travels to CA: score Dessert was skipped for a seat at the posh bar, where cocktails are strong.All in all, this place deserves four stars for ambiance. Vegas gets old easily, but this is a great place to take guests you want to impress. And did I mention I llllove it's sexy, futuristic atmosphere. Futuresexlovesounds all the way!
4	Had a reservation for 1015pm but somehow we didn't get seated til after 30-40 minutes, maybe because Paris Hilton was chillin there? It was alright though since we were able to hangout by the bar, had some great drinks and enjoyed the ambiance.Now the food. I really liked the complementary bread but I didn't think it was enough... maybe it was just cuz I was really hungry. I had the Colorado lamb chops, and man oh man that was definitely a winner. The meat was very tender and what I loved more about it was that their lamb didn't taste gamey at all. You can still tell it was lamb but it didn't have that strong lamb taste to it. We also got a couple of super delicious sides, the truffle parmesan fries, which comes in brick form, and the very creamy corn pudding. Oh yeah, and a plate of asparagus too, which was pretty much mediocre at best. Overall, STK has it going on. The ambiance, people and food made our dinner worthwhile. By the way, the DJ was really good too.. if there was a dance floor I would've been on that real quick.
5	The food was out of this world with service to match.  The bone-in-filet was probably the best steak I've ever had.  If you're not going to finish the entire piece (it's a big 14 ouncer, ladies), then start closest to the bone.  It's the most delicious part.  The truffle oil french fries were to die for... and if I were having my last meal, I would order the sliders.  The dirty bird (their version of a vodka martini with blue cheese stuffed olives) was the best martini I've had outside of Gibson's.  The atmosphere is hip and loud, so this may not be the place for you if you like a string quartet with your meal.  However, it's a great time and if you're young (or at least young at heart) and hip, this is the spot for you.  As the advertisement warns, "this ain't your daddy's steak house."
4	If I gave 5 there would never be room for improvement.  We were staying at the Cosmopolitan so we thought we'd give this place a try.  We usually always go to Stack, but we were hungry after a long day at the races.  We were seated right away, the service was amazing.  We all ordered the bone in filet and couldn't have been happier.  The truffle fries, creamed spinach and the asparagus were terrific.  Drinks were stout and quick to the table.  This was the first time I had left a steakhouse in Vegas without dessert but I was way too full.  The atmosphere, was dark, laid back, modern and visually pleasing.
4	I had the bone-in filet, about $52...it was good. Creamed corn as a side dish was good, almost as good as crack.Prices are inline with what other top-notch Las Vegas strip steak houses charge. For wine, at their price of $105, I had a bottle of John Duval's "Entity" shiraz. Goes for about $40 at Lee's Liquor. Not too bad of a mark-up for a tasty wine.I went on a Saturday night and the place was busy and loud with music. You gotta to enjoy eating with music blasting and short-skirts rocking  around, otherwise the enviroment is not for you. 3.5 stars is what I want to give...but I'm rounding-up to 4 on the Yelp scale.
5	We had a great time here and the food was great! Great place to preparty before going out...great music, cocktails, and food!Steak was great, sides were awesome, and service was good. We dine at the LA location regularly and I think the Vegas location had smaller portions, but overall great dining experience. Would def go back!Need reservations!!
5	Ate here on an outing with some clients.  The restaurant was chosen by a co worker so when i found out that steak was the main meal, I was worried that I wouldn't have anything to eat other than a stripped down side salad with some oil and vinegar.  Boy was I surprised!Our awesome waiter informed me that they could accommodate me and the kitchen prepared an INCREDIBLE veggie dish of broccolini, asparagus, carrots, and marinated mushrooms.  I know it may not sound like much, but it was delicious!!!  They even hooked me up with sorbet for dessert!  Great service, great food, great music, great ambiance.  Oh and the new "City Center" has given me a desire to return to Vegas!  Classy and awesome.
3	STK feels more like a lounge than a steakhouse. The ambiance is trendy, the music is turned up a notch, while the martinis are stiff and ice cold. The only problem (and it's a big problem) is that the food is a bit sub-par. Granted, the meat is slightly above average, but the sides and appetizers were too small and lacked flavor. (Sides are CRUCIAL with a good steak!) I guess I expected a little....well, actually a lot more if I'm dropping a few hundred per person.  Oh well, at least I got to take a picture with Flava Flav. I'm a loser.
3	Rushed us in and out.  The food was excellent but the service was so rushed and the floor host hovered so much that it made it an unpleasant dinner. Too bad because it had the potential to be a great meal.
4	High energy and a good vibe with the food to match.The food at STK is very inventive, pairing ingredients that you wouldn't usually think work.  Its presented all prettied up.To start, the foie gras French toast is a must try.  It is served with the traditional green apple and sherry grastrique but with an almond brioche French toast? Sounds strange but I really works. The Beef tartare is also excellent with loads of black truffle and the delicious soy caramel.The Dover sole is very good but very traditionally prepared.  Can't mess with a classic I guess.  Its moist and works with the baked lemon and brown butter.   The seared tuna with wasabi potato, maitake mushrooms, and sweet miso is incredible.  All classic Japanese flavors fused successfully together.The steaks are good, well prepared, and tender but once again, this is not a steak lover's paradise.  You do not get to pick your cut and grade of meat.  I like my steak naked so I cannot speak to the sauces or toppings.Service is very good.Prices are in line with restaurants of this caliber (aps $15-$20, mains $30-$45).The wine list is good with prices on the high side.
2	I do not mind dining alone while traveling, but STK made me feel like an unwelcome loser. Although I had made reservations, they quickly tried to shuffle me over to the bar to eat. When I protested, I was given a table with a waiter who was none to thrilled to have a solo, non-drinking diner. He was very curt and appeared to not have the time of day for me.Having read reviews on yelp, I knew the bread was a must have. Holy Moly! The bread was divine and really made the meal memorable. In fact, I am still thinking of that bread a week later. The  creamed corn was also delicious and a thousand times more appetizing than my overcooked filet mignon with a runny bearnaise sauce. After ordering, I never saw the waiter again but you could tell he clearly wanted me out of there because I was offered the check before I was even asked if I wanted coffee and dessert, which of course, I did. The dessert, a peanut butter s'more would have been much more delicious if served warm/hot and it did not leave me wanting s'more. Would I recommend STK to a friend? Only if they were allowed to order just bread and creamed corn.
5	I've been to STK in West Hollywood, and I'll have to say I really like this location much better.  I've been here twice and it's an eight-week wait to get in.  Through some terrific connections, I was able to get in pretty quick both times I've been here and have been extremely happy each time.  And what better location than the Cosmopolitan, making it a perfect pre or post-dinner drink location.Had the petite filet mignon which was perfect, and can I say how good the creamed corn is? In a nutshell:  great vibe, good music (it was 80s/90s night), mostly-trendy crowd, and most importantly an awesome meal.
4	Savory steaks and full bodied wines!  We were sat immediately and the service was attentive but not overwhelming.  Solid wine list to accompany a traditional bevvy of mouthwatering meats.  I enjoyed every bite of the NY Strip and for Vegas I considered the prices to be fairly reasonable. We paired with a few bottles of Stags Leap cab and let the night unfold.  My only complaint is that it is extremely loud.  The Cosmopolitan is the hot spot and therefore attracts a younger, more lively crowd than many of the strip staples.  All-in-all a good experience and I would return provided the opportunity.
4	Brace yourselves again for yet another long review, we ordered a lot.I was confused when told STK was a nightclub with food. We arrived around 7 to a restaurant lounge vibe and left around 10 to loud club music and dancing around us. This place definitely changes atmosphere so pending your intention of the meal, don't expect good conversation later in the evening... it gets loud. Our server was very personable and lovely, over all wonderful experience. Perfect place to dine before heading out to dance, high energy. PEAR & ENDIVE SALAD - 14I'm pretty sure I got punched with a block of blue cheese, which for me was mortifying. If you're a blue cheese fan, you'll die and go to heaven with this salad... otherwise you'll just die.***** TUNA TARTARE - 19My friend (and chef) was right in highly recommending this (as do I for you). A wake up call to my mediocre tuna tartare experiences. The grade of the tuna was sushi status. I can't explain how smooth, silky and fresh each bit was. FOIE GRAS FRENCH TOAST - 24This combo had me tilting my head but surprisingly enough, it worked. The green apple, almond brioche and sherry gastrique were a tasteful medley. BUTTERNUT SQUASH ANGOLOTTI - 15Great little pillows of comfort food like happiness. COWBOY RIB STEAK 34 oz - 85PORTERHOUSE 24 oz - 65True to our medium rare request -- savory and seasoned minimally as a great steak should be. Fantastic.SAUCES - We chose Chimichurri & Au Poivre. The Chimichurri was my favorite but both went well with the steak. Great in complimenting but not covering its natural taste. MARKET FISH - Market PriceA trio of seafood is served with this dish - the two fish were cooked traditionally and well. But the scallop. Oh the scallop. That heavenly luscious sweet thing of a scallop. Served on a little bed of peas and bacon pieces, seared perfectly. I was made fun of for chasing a pea around for what seemed to be 5-minutes, my laughing with everyone didn't help as my fork was vibrating with giggles (stubbornness kicked in as well on getting the damn thing) .. but if you manage to cut a piece of scallop, snag a bacon and spear a pea on the same fork ... it's a magnificent thing to behold.***** COLORADO LAMB CHOPS - 39Don't mind me while I sway to the now turned up club music with my lamb chop in hand. I mentally restrained myself from literally picking up the bone to attack the last few nibbles. Thank God the server took the plate away, I was growing weaker to temptation with every sip of my manhattan. Possibly my favorite lamb experience, which is huge as if I had to choose one meat for the rest of my life, it'd be lamb. Ordered and served at medium rare. Their pomegranate vinaigrette was subtle yet so perfect in bringing out hidden flavors seamlessly yet distinguishably. ::: SIDES :::BREADEveryone gets this. It's smothered in cheese and to be dipped in a green sauce. Messy to eat but very good! It reminded me of an oversized muffin. A couple of us (as we had 2 loaves brought out) did get hit with the stinky sock bite due to concentrated cheese.. so be careful of the piece you grab.SWEET CORN PUDDINGI grew up loving cream of corn. This reminded me of it but way, way better. For such a simple dish, I loved it.CREAMED SPINACHAlmost a tad bit too creamed for me but the flavor was good.CREAMY YUKON POTATOESReally great side dish to cut the meats and intense flavors.:::ALCOHOLISM:::MANHATTANWhen you think of this drink you think of an old guy. Let's ramp it up and drop this old guy in the middle of Manhattan rush hour with this cocktail in hand trying to cross the street at a green light, no spilling. Yeah -- it's that strong and intense. And the cherry at the bottom, pretty sure it soaks up 25% of the liquor so be weary of the face you make while consuming. With that said... definitely my kind of drink.WINEWe ordered a bottle of a full bodied dry cab which blew my mind. Paired with the meats it really pulled everything together. We also ordered a delicious bottle of pinot gris for paring with the seafood. Solid wine list. You'll be happy if you're a wino here.
3	Shrimp rice krispies was outstanding.  Filet was decent, creamed spinach side was good.  Took forty minutes between the appetizer and the entree, so the bartender gave me a free shot.  Vibe was good - more lounge than steakhouse but could still have jovial dinner.
4	I must admit that at first we were a bit hesitant in giving this place a try. There haven't been too many reviews yet for this restaurant, which made us a little uneasy about choosing this place. All we knew is that we wanted to try a restaurant in the Cosmopolitan and both the vibe & menu of STK got our attention. We checked out the Chandelier Bar & managed to lose some money on the tables before heading over for our 8:00 reservation. My first impression of this place was that it was a bit smaller than I expected, and other reviewers are right in saying the music is bumping. We sat at the bar for about 10 mins. before being seated. Although I would have rather sat back further in the actual dining area we were seated in another dining section right off the bar...I guess it made for some good people watching at the bar (like guys with lucky poker pants...see pics)! Also, I thought it might be a little hard at first to hold a conversation over the music but to my surprise it wasn't at all...but maybe that's because the more I drink the louder I naturally get, and so goes for my spouse and probably just about everyone else out there, haha ; ) The bread is amazing, so amazing I took one bite and just stopped so I wouldn't get full off of just bread.  For starters, we had their foie gras french toast and beef tartare. Both were exceptional....the foie gras french toast had a very interesting flavor while being sweet at the same time and the beef tartare was actually the best I have tasted. I have only ever tried like 3 in my life, but it just surprised me how fresh, light, and tasty this one was! I ordered a filet, which was a bit over cooked for medium but I didn't want to send it back and just enjoyed what I could of it. My husband's ribeye was cooked a perfect rare and he just about ate the whole thing! On the side, we enjoyed maple glazed carrots and sweet corn pudding. The sweet corn pudding tasted like a dessert to me, almost not like a side at all. We passed on actual dessert and just enjoyed our wine. Our server was great! Usually, when we go to restaurants we are often attended to by a team of servers. And, sometimes it's even hard to figure out who the head-server is, but at STK our server stayed with us the whole time, which we enjoyed. One thing I wanted to note was that the music was definitely bumping and other reviewers are correct in saying if you are looking for a quiet, romantic dinner for two...this isn't the place for you. If you are looking for an upbeat space with some great service & food then you STK might be just what you are looking for.
5	This place is amazing...Girls night out in Vegas...blue cheese bread....oh my...seafood platter...orgasmic...I had the lamb and we shared the mushroom pot pie..to die for, mac and cheese and asparagus...all amazing! Dirty martini...blue cheese stuffed olives...AMAZING. James was our server and he was soooo great. THUMBS UP GO HERE!
5	I was hesitant to take a group of clients here because of the noise factor.  They have the music going at a pretty high decibel level, but the music choice was cool.  We had a reservation for 12 at 7pm and the music got really loud around 9pm.  The food and service was outstanding.  The rolls served at the beginning of meal are freakin addictive.  The beef carpacio is the best I have ever tried (and it is not even close).  Steaks were all done perfectly.  My friend ordered the 2lb lobster tail and it was amazing.  We ordered 5 different sides - mushroom pot pie, mac n cheese, creamed yukon mash, and asparugus all were awesome.  I will go back.
5	This place is superb! A must hit in Vegas. Service is really good. Food is great and the music is awesome.It's loud but very fun.
4	As a loyal fan of STK in West Hollywood, I was a bit skeptical to venture away and try STK Vegas in The Cosmopolitan Hotel, but my friends at VegasGoodBuys.com recommended I try it on a recent vacation. Pumping with club beats and complete with a boozed up bachelorette crew, the scene was definitively Vegas. I was brought back to home when the fresh skillet of bread with side of chive olive oil arrived. I kept it simple and ordered the hamachi, the pear salad with endive, and beef tartare with black truffles to start. Delivered, as usual. I finished it up with the organic chicken breast and a side of asparagus. Skipping the dessert was hard to do, but satisfaction has to end somewhere! I highly recommend STK in Vegas, and a big thank you to VegasGoodBuys.com for always leading me in the right direction for anything Vegas!
3	My wife and I were in Vegas with some family and we made reservations for the second night at STK. With all the options in Vegas, I wish we had done something else.I'm not going to say I have the clearest recollection of the dinner - I mean it was 8 PM in Vegas and I'd had more than a couple beers throughout the afternoon. Ok, I started at breakfast. Still, I remember enough to know that we were seated 30 minutes after our reservation was scheduled and it took over an hour to get our food - long after tables seated after us were scarfing down their entrees. I did complain about the wait and we got a free round of drinks... which is something.The food (when it eventually arrived) was pretty good. We each had the filet and it was cooked properly and was very tasty. The potatos were disappointing and reminded me of the instant spuds you pour out of a box.The tap beer list is non-existent, but they had a couple decent options in the bottle including Dogfish Head 60 minute (which they ran out of after my first one) and a couple others. Just plan on drinking cocktails and paying a lot for them... like anywhere else in this town.If you want a hip, jumping spot for dinner that epitomizes what Vegas is all about these days, look no further. The music is loud, the bar is trendy and it's full of pretty people dressed for the clubs. Just don't expect quick service and give yourself a couple hours to spend here. I don't plan on going there again - too many other great options around there.
3	STK is a very cool restaurant. After being seated, I got the feeling the owners started off building a nightclub, then switched their mind and morphed it into a steakhouse. One word: silverware. You'll be amazed by how cool it is! The staff on hand was excellent; beautiful people, most of which could also carry a highminded conversation. The food: The monkey bread is from another planet, where they specialize in making really, really good bread.. You'll want to eat two or three of those. I didn't ask for more, it was one of my regrets upon leaving!I order a small filet, scallops and broclini as a side. I requested the filet be cooked to medium rare (as most steaks should be!). The filet was pink and red throughout the steak...not cool. The chef forgot about the order of scallops. They appeared 10 minutes after chomping down on the steak. I only ate one of the two. The drinks: Wow, Grey Goose Martini with Blue Cheese filled Olives? Try it, you will be amazed.Perhaps I visited on an off night? Since the Cosmopolitan is newly up and running, I understand that STK is not at peak performance yet. For the price I paid, I can say that I expected more. Though I would give STK another opportunity, but only after they've gotten all the kinks out. Given the right amount of TLC and hard work by those controlling the operation, STK could reach its' potential as one of the best restaurants on the strip. Cheer's to being an optimist.
5	Simply the most elegant and best steakhouse in las Vegas. Classy and on the edge!!
5	bone in rib eye steak topped with fois gras and truffle butter...need i say more?!also, i rarely comment about service, but i've never felt so catered to at a restaurant like this one. i dont remember her name, but she was so on it! best waitress ever.
4	The porterhouse steak was just average but its topping and the side that made it! We had some kind of topping that wasnt on the menu...it was a asparagus lobster topping but it made that steak! The mushroom pot pie is an absolute must order!!Our waiter made all of his suggestions and made our dinner all the more delicious.The restaurant is a little too loud for a Las Vegas steakhouse
5	I've been to a lot of the top steakhouses across the US and at first was a little apprehensive of STK, just because I like to stay away from the establishments that have a bunch of other locations...I've got a major fear and dislike of chain type restaurants.Luckily my gamble paid off and this restaurant was absolutely amazing. My fiancee and I each had steak, she had flank steak & I ordered the porterhouse. Both were cooked to absolute perfection and literally melted in your mouth. We also ordered a few sides, one of them being truffle butter, which we used on the steak which added to the perfection. The other two sides we ordered (macaroni & cheese & creamy spinach) were nothing short of amazing either.I highly highly recommend this if you're looking for a perfectly cooked & amazing tasting piece of red meat!
3	Of couse, Cosmo had to bring the uber trendy, celeb, LA hotspot restaurant to Vegas...FINALLY, if you ask me.Came for a friends birthday with a party of....hmmm, maybe 25...and got the private room =) Which was really cool because we were told Oprah and JayZ ate in that room. Hip hop music was blasting; the walls were padded and sound proof; and there was a flat screen in there. Really interesting ambiance!Anyways, our waiter was super funny and good-looking. (Wouldn't expect anything else from STK/Cosmo). Service was great because he was fun, informative, and even took a couple shots with us...of which he paid for! I'm not sure u can drink on the job nor why he paid for them but, we'll take it.Their bread was delicious!!!!! The bread's dipping sauce was amazing...looked like pesto and olive oil...Their wine list was second to none. They had my favorite tequila! And their oysters were pretty fresh.I had lamb. DUH! And it was "eh.." I mean, maybe I should've had s-t-e-a-k at a steak house but, alas, I've had better. And ordered their "famous" mac and cheese as my side....and I was really disappointed =( It was salty. Sadly, I tried friends' mac and cheese and theirs were really good. I should've gotten the mushrooms.Their birthday cake is...gourmet, of course! I think they order the cake from Cosmo's bakery.All in all, I'm glad I ate there..just to say I've eaten there. But, it's not someplace I want to eat at any time soon.
3	Sunday night we decided to have dinner with a couple friends at STK located at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Las Vegas. Let me tell you, it was probably the strangest dinner I have ever been to. I felt like I was in some type of music video or commercial. The patrons and servers were so over saturated with enthusiasm that there had to be a director near by yelling "action" from the top of his lungs! I mean, he had to yell because you couldn't hear your own thoughts over the music the DJ had streaming over every table and like clockwork he had an ultra-annoying horn blow ever few minutes. As if that were not enough, every few seconds there was a voice reminding us that the guy controlling the sounds was a "world-class DJ." There were girls fist-pumping, servers dancing while pouring wine, and people grinding between tables. I think I actually rubbed my eyes to make sure I was not dreaming! I grew up in Vegas, by way of the military (my dad was in the Air Force). I don't know if Las Vegas has always been like this or I can now see how semi-cheesy it is... Whatever the case, people were having fun and that was nice. More pics on my blog
4	Food, service, atmosphere... Everything was perfect... except for the volume of the music. It's a really cool atmosphere. I promise that it won't hurt the vibe to turn it down just a little. Seriously...
4	My first experience with STK was at the NYC location, and I was hardly surprised when they decided to bring an STK to my current digs in Los Angeles -- a city that has its fair share of trendy restaurants that lack culinary inspiration. Suffices to say I was less than shocked when I heard the Cosmopolitan hotel in Las Vegas would also feature an STK restaurant. My experiences at all three locations have been markedly different. The NYC location boasted good food and a classy atmosphere in the Meatpacking District (an area which wasn't hurting for culinary hot-spots at the time) and was able to deliver consistently, even in its nascent stages (I moved out of NYC shortly after it opened so I wasn't able to see how the restaurant fared in the later stages of its existence). While the steaks left something to be desired, the restaurant was trendy and the overall experience was fun. I'll unabashedly add that, hands down, the best steaks still come from Texas. When the Los Angeles restaurant opened, I was happy to see that same ambiance maintained, but unfortunately, the food was inconsistent at best (definitely nothing to write home about) and it's "trendiness" quickly declined within its first year. STK LA's biggest redeeming quality was (and still is) its proximity to other LA nightlife hotspots, and the location is enough to get me there with a group of friends for some cocktails and light appetizers to kick the night off. Fast forward to 2011 and the latest trendy hotel in Vegas, the Cosmopolitan, now boasts its very own STK. A group of us made up of my closest friends from Texas, New York and California were staying at the hotel for the weekend to celebrate my birthday, so we decided to check out STK. I tried making a resie through the hotel but, annoyingly, the restaurant handles its own reservations and my call was promptly directed to their hostess. Getting a reservation was easy enough -- I called 4 days in advance of our arrival -- and we figured 9:30pm would be a good time to eat before an insanely late night of dancing. Our group of 4 arrived on time and the hostess informed us that the wait would be half an hour...with a reservation. Disgruntled, but determined not to let the unfortunate news spoil our mood, we proceeded to the bar to have some very expensive, very plain drinks -- if you are price-sensitive and like to imbibe, then this is not the restaurant for you. 45 minutes later, we were seated and STARVING. This is when things got exponentially better. Our servers were incredibly fun, enthusiastic and attentive. Throughout the entire meal, our waitress helped us by making great recommendations, taking photos of us to help commemorate the trip, and showering us with an endless supply of complimentary birthday shots as well as a celebratory dessert plate, replete with delectable bite-sized cake and ice-cream lollipops. Crisis averted. Be sure to request Raquel M. as your server -- Raquel and her fellow cohorts will make sure you have a blast. The restaurant manager even let us explore the kitchen, meet the chef, observe the plating ritual and peruse all the fresh ingredients. The kitchen was very clean and well managed and the staff was very friendly. The giant seafood platter we ordered was thoroughly enjoyed by everyone but me (I'm picky, obvi) --  the king crab was a little soggy for my taste and the oysters left me underwhelmed -- and the steaks were actually better than the ones I had at the NYC and LA locations. I ordered the ribeye medium rare and the cut and flavor were excellent. Still not on par with Texas steaks, but as far as the STK chain goes, I really enjoyed my meal.Net/net, while the steaks at STK restaurants are not my favorite, the ambiance is usually pretty fun and the staff at the Las Vegas location absolutely made this experience worthwhile. If you are staying at the Cosmopolitan and/or looking for a fun/trendy place to eat before you head to Marquee, this is the place to go.
5	What an amazing place,,,it was fun, the dj was killing it and the food was delicious!!!  The sliders were heaven,,,foie gras french toast is a must.  The dipping sauces were so good you could pour them over your date and really make the night interesting ;)Thank you,,,the service was fun and  the chef came out to say hi,,,can't wait to go back.
4	LOVE this place. LOVE it! Came here for a Bachelorette Party dinner for my bestie and I made my reservations as soon as I found out we where going to Vegas. I was just at the Cosmo a few months back and wanted to have the girls have dinner here and enjoy the lounge and atmosphere of STK and the Cosmopolitian. Because I'm a planning nazi, I downloaded the menu and picked out what I was going to get 2 months ahead of time (I'm a little picky). I quickly saw that it was a pricey place, but I checked they YELP reviews and decided it was worth the try. We arrived on time for our reservations and we were asked to wait in the "lounge" which was a couple of tables beside the bar that was already taken by other parities that were waiting. We stood around for a brief minute and was ushered to our table on the second level of the restaurant. First thing I have to say is how beautiful this place was. It was hip, artsy, dark colors complimented by white, all that frou frou Cosmo/Vegas stuff. We met our server, Isaac, who was SOOOO GREAT, which is a relief because I was a little worried that since it was so busy that the staff would be subpar on the service front. But Isaac totally showed us that he is excellent at what he does, and my girlfriends loved him! THe food was fantastic, I got the Shrimp Rice Crispies, a few people got steak or tartare. The sides were good too, esp the Lobster Macaroni! YUM! Again, it is a bit pricey but you are paying for the service, food, ambience, and location. If you are visiting the Cosmopolitian with friends, on a date, etc, I would highly recommend going to the Vesper or Chandelier Lounge before dinner and have a drink! Take the time to enjoy the super beautiful hotel! Then have a great dinner at STK!
5	NOW THIS IS WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT!  winner!  i don't know about the other dishes... but the dish of choice at STK made me love this place.  the atmosphere is simply FANCY!  Very Nice....  my type of restaurant, or as i was told "this place is so you!"  whatever that means *shrugs* my suggestion would be the Bone in Filet 14oz. w/ Truffle Butter as the topping!!!!!!  that's it, get ready to yelp this place and give it 5 stars as well... the end.also got a side of carrots(they are purple?! :)) which were good but sides is sides...get what you want.- Service was solid, our waiter was on point... YOU THE MAN LEONARD!- Girls in the front where hot and nice... :)  sat us at a really nice spot of the restaurant also... the circular corner table that has a view of the entrance, outside and most of the restaurant too people watch if you wanted too haha, even our host who sat us at our table said that this was her most favorite spot in the restaurant, rite on!STK! add to Must Do/Try list
5	I was there this past weekend with a group of women celebrating our 40th birthday. Had no idea or expectations. First of all, we covered excellent dining and a club all in one. The lobster was to die for, albeit 250 dollars market price. The music is very loud but so much fun. The bread pudding with salted caramel ice cream and captain crunch was to die for. I can't wait to go back. FUN, FUN, FUN!!
5	First thing before I start, I did NOT have a steak here. I am actually a vegetarian who has a fiance that LOOVVESS steaks so I've been to just about every trendy steakhouse in the country minus actually eating it. LOL. On that note, the ambiance is great. I usually go to the STK in New York and love it there. The one in Vegas is similar, very trendy cool hang out. The drinks are a bit pricey but to be expected. I ordered the chicken, sounds kinda blah but was actually very delicious. I think they drizzle it with some sort of caramelized glaze that made it to die for. If your into young beautiful people with money to blow and a great ambiance then this is the place to be.
4	The food and service at STK are impeccable. The clientele was a bit dodgy for such an upscale restaurant/bar but overall the vibe was good. The music was a bit loud and made casual conversation with my party near impossible although the mix of music was excellent. Considering I'm a bit anti-social this actually suited me fine. The bathroom situation is a bit rough - there are only two restrooms (men/women) and each is set-up for one person to use at a time. Needless to say, there was quite a line and it didn't help that women kept walking into the mens room. Overall my visit was good but considering I dropped over $500 for a party of four it could have been better, quieter and taking a leak shouldn't have required so much effort.
4	Had dinner here Friday night with a group of 7 friends.  We had a 9:45pm reservation and had to wait 45 minutes to be seated.  The vibe was super cool, lots of eye candy, the filet cooked perfectly, service great.  Love the Cosmopolitan Hotel, class. End of story.
3	Went there for my birthday dinner when I arrived to Vegas. My plane was delayed for a few hours so we got there around 10:30. The music was so loud I had to scream at my girlfriend just to talk. The waitress said they turn up the music every hour as it gets later in the night. So we left. I felt like talking and not yelling. The place looks cool and the music was great but I wanted to have a nice meal without Journey blasting in my ears.....
4	This is the place to go to if you're looking for a steakhouse that isn't stuffy, conservative, or quiet. Other places around town try to pull off the same "cool kid" vibe but, unlike those spots, STK has some great food. I've heard from others how loud it can get, but we dined on a Tuesday night and, while it was busy, the music was at a decent volume -- low enough that we didn't have to yell at each other to have a conversation. I was hoping to sit in the main dining area where they have nothing but booths, but we were seated in front of the bar in a loungey-type area with mostly 2- and 4-tops.The bleu butter bread that they start you out with was warm, fresh, and delicious. The half-dozen Kusshi oysters ($18) we had next were mild, meaty, and excellent. The pea agnolotti ($15) had an overpowering pea taste and, unfortunately, not enough of the goat cheese or pistachios that accompanied it. The final appetizer we had was their tuna tartare ($19). Sure, it's a common dish found in almost every restaurant these days, but their version is very good. Fresh chunks of tuna were sitting in a corn tuille, which added a bit of sweetness to the dish and a crunchy texture. The avocado cream under the tuille had cayenne pepper (I think?) that added a kick.My wife has been eating less and less lately, so we split the 14 oz. bone-in filet ($52). Wow! You had me at "bone-in"... drool-worthy, nom-worthy... hell, it's even sponge-worthy. One of the most tender and amazing filets I've had. We got the blue butter sauce with it, but really there was no need to put anything else on the steak.We got a side of haricot vert ($10) -- or green beans as ordinary folk like me call it -- that was tasty and firm. Not the slightest bit overcooked or soggy. The portions are large, so plan on sharing among three or four.Service was a bit spotty. Our waiter was nice enough, but he had at least six tables and was constantly running around. Meaning we didn't see him often. We sat around for almost half an hour before ordering our food. A little help for the wait staff might not be a bad idea.For all you Top Chef fans, Stephen Hopcraft (formerly of Michael Mina's Seablue) is the executive chef. But, whether you're a fan of the show or not, the bone-in filet is reason enough to stop by.4.5 Stars
5	This place is amazing from the service to the food. I experienced a wonderful menu prepared by Tyra (director of marketing) and had some of the best service from our server, Isaac. I work in the hospitality industry and sometimes a can be a tough critic, but no complaints here! The Cowboy rib steak was delicious and I didn't even know where to start with all the sauce options! The tuna tartare was also excellent :) This is definitely a place I am going to be sure to share with my friends & family.
4	I couldn't place a reservation on Open Table for some reason so I called the restaurant directly.  When we got there, it took a little bit for one of the 5 hostesses to recognize that we were there, they were a little bit snobby.  The other downer was that I wanted to bring a cake for our 5 year wedding anniversary but when I called to check, they said they did not allow outside cakes because it was against food code.  Ok fine.  Then they offered to have their pastry chef recreate it but they wanted an arm and a leg for a tiny cake.  This is why I give them 4 stars instead of 5.  Our server on the other hand was wonderful!  She had great recommendations and was really friendly.  We went with the beef tartare, hamachi, foie gras french toast, bone-in rib steak and the sweet corn pudding.  Everything was perfect and delicious except that the sweet corn pudding was a little too sweet for my taste.  I would go back to STK, the food was great!
4	Monday nights are industry night, 25% off for locals, you gotta love that. 8 different dipping sauces accompany any steak choice. Great people watching, dj rocked the house! Request Donnie he's a good ole' boy.
5	STK was one of the best restaurant experiences I've ever had in my life.We made reservations via OpenTable this past Monday to celebrate our last night in Vegas.  After checking in, we were promptly seated.  Our server (Colin) was very informative, animated, and answered every one of our questions in detail.  He even described which parts of a cow were cut for the types of steak meats. The bread was AMAZING.  I enjoyed the tuna tartar appetizer, but the best part of the meal was the steak.  I ordered the filet in bone and it was so tender, it cut with a regular knife. (I was wondering why they didn't give us steak knives)  Our water glasses were constantly refilled, and the wine selection was overwhelming. (in a good way)  We also enjoyed the cheesecake lollipop desserts.  The ambience was hip, and the music selection was good. (Like other reviewers said, the volume did go up every hour, haha!)I would definitely come back here again.  I would also like to try their other locations in NYC and LA as well, if I had the chance to. :)
3	I had high hopes for STK and unfortunately they were not quite met. We went on a bustling Friday night and were immediately seated in the bar area. I love the look of the place; from the white washed brick to the cool slotted walls. The decor is very hip and trendy. There is even a DJ, but beware it does get quite loud in there. The lighting was also a little weird, my husband basically had a spotlight on his side of the table and anytime something white (a plate or napkin) hit the light it was blinding. After taking in the scenery, we were greeted with melted bleu cheese bread with a chive dipping sauce. Bleu cheese is one of those things that you either love or hate and unfortunately I hate it. I found it an odd choice since it does have such a strong flavor, but I was able to enjoy the middle of the bread and the sauce was very different from anything I had tasted before.We started with the foie gras french toast and it was disgusting! It is literally french toast, a roasted apple, and a giant slab of foie gras. I can see how it would work for some people but it just didn't work at all for me. We went out on a limb on this one and we fell out of the tree!My husband got the bone in rib-eye and it was heaven. It was the perfect combination of fat and meat. I had the small filet and it was also spectacular. It was tender, even though I like my meat on the well done side. We didn't opt for any toppings but we did try the chimichurri sauce and it really wasn't worth it. The steaks came with a small side of onions and they were an unexpected highlight. I had regular sauteed onions but my husband had spicy onions that were delicious with the steak. They absolutely know how to cook a mouth-watering steak here!We also tried 2 sides, but both were disappointing. The mac and cheese would be absolutely stunning if it had any flavor at all. It has a perfect crispy topping and is cheesy but there is really no flavor. Even a little salt would have taken the dish to the next level. We also tried the mushroom pot pie. When the server brought it out I was so excited to dive into it, but then the unthinkable happened, he cut the top off and dumped it on a plate! I wanted to scream out, but resisted the urge. The mushroom flavor was so overpowering and I love mushrooms. It really needed more pastry, we only had the thin top and it was buried under all the filling. It was so sad.Overall, the service was great and the steak was delicious, but what's a steak without sides? There are many other places in Vegas that can cook a great steak and provide me with excellent side options. Sorry STK you and I are just not meant to be.
5	I love the atmosphere, service, food and the great music! I've been there a few times and I always feel like I am a part of the "in" crowd by just being there. Last night I had Isaac as my server and he was attentive and personable. You must eat their bread with blue cheese butter - you'll want one pot all to yourself.
3	The STK in Las Vegas is a close second to the STK in Miami. It is not as big as the Miami location, so the lounge/bar area is basically in the same area as the dining/eating area. Generally, the LV STK is fun on Mondays for Industry Night, but people don't usually eat. It's more of a drinking, social event. To mix it up, we came to the LV STK with a group of eight people at 11:00pm on a Saturday night. We had reservations and the restaurant was packed. It definitely has a fun, LOUD vibe, so if you're looking for a quiet romantic restaurant, this STK is not for you. Unless you come before the music gets loud. The hostess was fabulous, service was good, and the food was delicious.Here is why I knocked it two stars:1. There were middle-aged women dancing on top of the booths. That's fine in a nightclub, or even STK's lounge area, or even at someone else's booth who is ok with it, but they were dancing on top of our booth which was not ok. I was disgusted at the idea of sitting in the booth, while these women danced right where our heads were resting with their DIRTY, BARE FEET. Totally disgusting. I politely motioned to one of them and said "Hi, this our table, we are sitting here" with a smile. She looked at me and said "So?!" I was so surprised at this rude, middle-aged woman's response that I didn't know what to say for a moment. Luckily the hostess slid in and shooed them away, commenting how rude they were. Needless to say, it took a few cocktails for me to regain my appetite. If STK wants to promote a nightclub vibe do it where patrons won't be eating, or atleast impose some standards on who you will have up there dancing. Our party spent over $700 (food and alcohol) and for that money I don't want the experience of dirty, middle-aged Housewives-rejects dancing around my head as I eat.2. I ordered the 7 oz. filet mignon medium-rare. It arrived nearly well-done. No pink whatsoever. However, to STK's credit, the server was immediately apologetic and when my second steak arrived it was perfect.
5	My boyfriend took me to STK and we had a great time. We got there half an hour before our reservation and had a few drinks at the bar and sat at the lounge. It was crowded with good music you can dance to. #1 bread is amazing. #2 caprese salad was not on the menu because it's new: for cheese lovers only. #3 I had the filet mignon and my boyfriend had the market fish.. both were absolutely delicious and went perfectly with white wine :) Yes it's pricey but very much worth it! Very classy and friendly environment.
5	Went to STK to visit a friend and didn't plan on actually eating, but after looking over the menu, I ended up having an entire 3-course dinner. I ordered the shrimp rice crispies (yum!), strip streak and topped off dinner with the cheesecake lollipops (sigh, so good!). Our server, Amy, was extremely knowledgable about the menu items. The environment is loud with a dj spinning a pretty good mix of hip hop/top 40. Its not for the faint of ears. Then again, I arrived at 10PM when the music was at its loudest, it could burst both eardums. But if you're aware of the loud music, then don't act surprised when you can't carry on a meaningful conversation with your dinnermate(s). Its just not the time and place for that. Its a party crowd, with really friendly/upbeat staff who even sit with you at your table. I love it! There's a lounge with dance floor in front of the dining area and a full bar where you can order from the full menu. Great food, fine dining prices, high-energy atmosphere.... I'm going back in a couple weeks for a friend's birthday party. You will leave there with quite unique memories.
5	Fun fun fun, a steakhouse cannot get as entertaining as this one. The bar scene in the center is very stylish, with great DJ spinning good music in the background, and yet the tables are set at a comfortable distance allowing for private conversations, STK is such energetic steakhouse fit for great food as well as people watching. I just love the vibe of this place!The Green intensity martini is exicting, spicy and refreshing.The tuna tartar was really yummy, especially love the chili oil on the side, really brings out the flavor of the tuna.The baked bread with blue cheese butter was one of the best bread i have tasted in any restaurants, so innovative!The filet medallion was done just right, i savored every bite of it.The chimichurri sauce on the side was excellent.  Parmesan truffle fries was good, but didn't really tasted the truffle.This is the kind of place you would want to return again and again~
5	I had an amazing experience here! Being in the Cosmopolitan, my expectations were high but STK totally surpassed them!While waiting for our table, we started off for drinks at the bar and the bartender was incredible! He made the best drinks and I guess he overheard us talking about how we were celebrating my birthday so he made us a round of blueberry kamikaze shots on the house. Seriously...one of the best shooters I've ever tasted! Amazing! We were then seated and although the server took a bit long to welcome us, he made up for it through the night. I think his name was Collin? Definitely request him, if you can! I got the seared tuna and usually tuna can be dry even if it gets just a bit overcooked but this tuna was perfection! One of the best tuna dishes I've ever had! Can't really comment on everyone else's dishes but they look yummy and everyone seemed to enjoy them.Overall we had 3 rounds of drinks at the bar, 2 bottles of wine, 4 entrees, and 1 side dish between 4 people. Luckily, it was my bday dinner so I didn't take a look at the bill but I wouldn't hesitate at all to come here again!The vibe of the restaurant was so fun too! I've been to many steakhouses, even a few Michelin awarded ones but they're usually dreary. STK was so fun though! The music was great and honestly, every table looked like they were having a blast! Good drinks, good food, good music, good company...what more can you ask for?!
5	Most amazing steak round; melts in your mouth. Truffle sauce is the way to go with the steaks, absolutely amazing! The mushroom pie was unique; I really appreciate odd food pairings that compliment each other. Wonderful place to take a date (if you love them enough to spend too much for a wonderful meal).
2	I had really high expectations for STK.  After being in meetings all day and only feasting on mediocre breakfast and lunch buffets, I was really looking forward to a steak.  Our large group had reservations for an early dinner, and it didn't take long to get a table.  If you have an option, sit in the elevated level with booth tables.  It is more private, and not down in the noisy bar level.  The wine by the glass list is tiny, with only one Pinot Noir option (wait, this is a steak place?).  Not very many beers on tap either, and those in the bottle were not impressive.  I ordered the small filet medallion medium.  It came out very WELL done, and dry.  At this point it had been over an hour and I was starving so I just ate it and didn't say anything.  Even the blue cheese butter couldn't save the meat.  My co-workers bone-in ribeye was decent so I would say go for that.Sides are served family style, and each side could serve 2 to 3 people.  The parmesan truffle fries were a winner, crisp and flavorful.  The creamed spinach was ok, but not as good as other steak houses.  The sweet corn pudding was more gravy with little bits of corn occasionally.  Rudy's BBQ in TX could teach this place a thing or two about corn.  Food was WAY overpriced for the level of quality and service.
5	Went here for my bachelorette dinner. The restaurant is inside the Cosmopolitan hotel in Las Vegas. Food is definitely good. Packed like any other restaurant in LV. Reservation is a must. Pricey, but worth it.
5	Went with some friends for some drinks and light fare and was thoroughly impressed! The drinks were stout and the bartenders were quick! We ordered the oysters which were amazingly fresh and the beef tartare (which I hoarded)!Crowd was thick but we had a great spot at the bar and danced our asses off for a few hours! Definitely going back again soon!This would be a great dinner spot if you are headed to Marquee later in the evening.
3	Had a huge group and we just ordered everything that looked good to us.Appetizers: Truffe Fries - Mini, rich, deliciousMushroom Pot Pie - Delicious, shareable, does not look like a pot pieFrench Toast Foie Gras - Very Mini, rich, deliciousOysters - so-so, but this is always hit or missSteaks:34 oz Cowboy rib eye:  It is gigantic and $85.  The cost was more for the size than the quality.  i would opt to get something smaller and more delicious.Porter house:  Decent, would get it again.Wagyu:  so-so for this grade meat, try something else.Bone-in Filet: Winner of the bunch.Bone-in Ribeye:  Good, but for the first time i thought the filet tasted better than the ribeye.We actually had a 3.5 hour dinner, because our steaks didn't come out for 2 hours after we ordered.  I'm not kidding....   Manager gave us a free bottle of wine as an apology.  Besides the ridiculous wait for our entrees the service was good.However in the end, everyone agreed Del Frisco's was more impressive.
3	I'm going to keep this one short and sweet. Steak was good, but no better than any other topnotch steak house I've been to. Don't get me wrong. It's a fantastic steak, but no better than a Flemming's or a Ruths Cris.On the other hand the bread, the mushroom pot pie, and the service were all pretty impressive. Our waiter was phenomenal. He was extremely attentive, completely knowledgeable of all the food items and wines, honest and candid about his opinions, and darn amusing. He made the 4th star.Would I go back? If someone else wanted to. There are so many great restaurants in Vegas. This one doesn't stand out enough for me to crave a return, but I'd recommend it if you've never been.
1	I went here for a bachelorette party last weekend and had a TERRIBLE time.  The bachelorette had made the dinner reservation two months in advance but we still had to wait over an hour to get seated.  I would have understood more if we had been a huge party, but as there were only seven of us, this seemed completely unacceptable and, unfortunately, that wasn't the worst part.  Once we were seated and had ordered, they dropped one of our entrees on the floor and completely forgot to bring another one out.  After complaining to the manager numerous times, we ended up getting some of our bill comped, but it wasn't worth the stress for what should have been a celebratory dinner.  I won't be going back here again.
4	Pear and endive salad- YUM.  I would order that for take out next time and just eat it in the room.  It's chilled and fresh and a little creamy.  YUM.I had a wonderful time here.  But then again, it was a bit of a drunken haze... But from what I can remember, the hostesses were friendly, the waiter was cool (he was from Hawaii too), the food was delish, the other patrons were uber friendly (neighboring table shared their bottle of Opus One with us!), and it was really just the kind of dining experience I would expect in Vegas.  I'd go back in a heartbeat!
4	It was a little difficult to get a reservation here but I figured that since it was, it may be a great restaurant!  I selected this restaurant because I'm always reading about it on Twitter or Us Mag, etc., and maybe I would get lucky and see a celebrity.  LOL.  Anyhow, we had an early reservation before our Vegas show.  When we got to the Cosmopolitan hotel, we had to go up 3 levels on escalators to get there.  I just felt that the restaurant was part of a mall... not the hotel.  It was kind of awkward seeing all the other restaurants on the same floor, like a Food Court!  We were seated right away and served the baked bread with blue cheese butter and chive oil.  I wasn't a fan but it was okay.  I think its more of an acquired taste.  Our waiter was very nice and gave good recommendations.  We ordered the caesar salad (it's standard for us), which was good.  I had the Filet Medallions and my husband ordered the Skirt Steak with a side of Mac and Cheese (good) and the Mushroom Pot Pie (excellent)!  The dinner was okay, not to die for or anything.  By this time the restaurant was definitely filling up with parties, bachelorette parties, etc., so it was fun to people watch. It was a cool restaurant but I wouldn't rave about the food, its more about the ambiance IMO.
2	I read the reviews so thought i would take out town guest there made late evening reservation, arrived on time only to be told would have to wait as they were behind.....Not what I excepted, the venue is really loud, more like a club that just happens to serve food, there were female customers dancing on furniture next to the booths/tables, like a mens club not what I was looking for at all... anyone who reviews this place should explain its not a steak house if you want to have a quiet, romantic $$$$ dinner, after waiting 15 minutes pass my reservation time walked out!
3	Food was 5 stars BUT Service was 2 stars.We had reservations for 4 people at 9:30pm on a Friday. Granted things get busy especially on a Friday night, but we had to wait almost an HOUR to be seated. The hostesses were rude and didn't even apologize for the wait.Once we were seated, everything was excellent. Our waitress was extremely friendly and great at getting us our food as quickly as possible. Here are my recommendations:Likes:Steak: Bone-In Rib and Fliet with Truffle ButterCorn Pudding: sweet and yummy!Dislikes:Foie Gras Butter: tasted like regular butter - no foie gras taste whatsoeverBrocollini: $9 for blah brocollini? No thanks!STK Bold Sauce: GROSS! I can't even explain this other than BBQ sauce that is mixed with fruit. Ice Cream Cone for dessert: nothing special!
4	Excellent food and atmosphere.  Seated on-time and our waiter was very attentive. Had Pear & Endive Salad and Sole. Only complaint is one bathroom for men and one for women. First time ever saw a line for mens room!
4	CAme here after the Magic show and I thoroughly enjoyed myself! It felt more like a bar than a restaurant with music blasting but I didn't mind because hey... its freaken Vegas! We had the pear endive salad, beef tartare, bone in filet, and a few sides that I cant really recall. I'm not usually a big meat person but the bone in filet was melt in your mouth goodness!!! The pinot noir (forget the name) was excellent and the service was top notch. My water was never empty and the busboys came around often to check up on us. I was very happy with the service as I never had to call over the waiter for anything (def adds a star). Even though I had steak the night before and wasn't too excited about STK the following day, it definitely blew the previous night's dinner away. I would recomment if you are taking in easy and aren't planning to party after. Trust me.... you will get food coma and since it's trendy and lively, you won't feel like such a loser going to sleep before 12 :)
4	First, I want to say that this restaurant has the most beautiful hostesses and waitresses working in Las Vegas. It felt like you were on the set of Entourage or something. Pretty dope. first, came the bread. i thought the complimentary loaf of parmesan glazed bread was pretty good. i liked the pesto olive oil dipping sauce it came with. good starter i suppose.   3-stars for the ribeye. While the first couple of bites were juicy and delicious, the steak got dry over time and the salt was a bit overbearing. I'm guessing they served the steak to me without adequate rest and oversalted the meat a bit.5-stars for the mac n cheese and yukon gold potato puree side dishes. i thoroughly enjoyed these side dishes. of all the steak places i've eaten, it is nearly on par with Craftsteak's side dishes. overall it was a good dining experience.
4	I had a pretty stellar experience here. The decor is sleek, beautiful and modern. It's nice and intimate feeling, but with loud rockin' music. An in house dj even--if you're there late enough!My medium mignon was tender as can be and hit the spot perfectly. I had it with their blue cheese sauce and savored every ounce of it. I had the parmesan fries as a side. They were good, strange plating though. It's like fry jenga. The staff is awesome and friendly. Tip--go to the side bar for a stiff drink to kick off the night. ;)
2	First the good things. The beef tartar and the Serrano ham appetizers were excellent. Really, just awesome. The beef had a good flavor and texture, served with potato chips that were good. The Serrano ham appetizer was also great, soft, tasty, the melons, figs and jam tasted great.Now the bad things. Service was spotty - not attentive enough for a place like this. They were friendly but inattentive at times.The sommelier was more of a wine waiter - not warm and fuzzy at all. Many wines were out of stock, including the three least expensive Cabernet, the wines were brutally overpriced (well over 2x retail), and lists started at very high price points (most over $100). We only ended up with two bottles for the table, they were so so wines and were $80 each, and I've never until now not really enjoyed wines at this price point.The steak - the can do raw steak just fine apparently, but then they go and cook it, what the heck? They were out of several steaks. The Australian Kobe steaks were priced OK, but I didn't get them (12 oz @ $140). Fillet Mignon was out. Annoying. So I got the porterhouse. The porterhouse on the strip side was not trimmed properly and the meat seemed to come from a bovine weightlifter. The fillet side was very good. But I was upset I couldn't just get fillet, the beef was trimmed wrong, and how un-marbled the strip side was. Lines at the restrooms, very annoying. There is clearly a problem with this restaurant handling the volume of people and their restroom needs. Build more restrooms.Extremely loud. The DJ, the moron he is, didn't use headphones, so the volume just kept creeping up, it was at club level noises by the end. Screaming was needed to have a conversation. Who is the restaurant manager here, some idiot - I mean, I'm supposed to spend $140 on a steak and eat it 12 inches from a JBL bass cone thumping at  5 inches of deflection? Seriously?I was not happy, and felt this place overall had bad value, and the main course was underwhelming and the environment was brutally loud.
5	Quite possibly one of my favorite places. Which is saying something, considering it's a steakhouse and I don't even eat meat. But it's much more than just that. The DJs make it a really fun spot for a drink or dinner, and a the perfect place for a cocktail or two before you hit the club. Food is incredible and servers are great--they clearly love the vibe of the place and work with it.Be warned that it can be loud, so perhaps not the best spot for a cozy date. Great for groups, and be prepared to dance in your seat throughout the meal.
3	I love Wolfgang pucks Cut but decided to  eat at STK since it was in the hotel I was staying at. I was not impressed by anything that we had except for the crab salad. The bread was very strong in cheese odor and the sauce that came with it was not very good. My group ordered the mac and cheese, mushroom pot pie, corn bread pudding, tuna tartar, pear salad, Kobe sliders, rib eye, fillet Mignon, and skirt steak. Everything was just OK and nothing above and beyond. Will stick to Cut next time
4	Not as good as 'real' STK locations (since I don't consider anything in Vegas to be real), but definitely a serviceable steakhouse if you're willing to drop some cash.Word of warning, the garlic-parm fries are amazing but loaded beyond belief with nearly whole cloves of the stuff. If you're a lesser man who's planning to go out after your meal, you might have some difficulties.
4	STK isn't for everyone. It's hip, chic, expensive, and loud.The food is very, very good. Interesting menu choices, prepared with care.  And the service matches the expertise in the kitchen - knowledgeable, attentive, and professional.I ordered steak with the bleu butter. Yum-my. And my heirloom tomato salad that preceded it was fresh and delicious. Our table of four split two desserts. Each were excellent.I struggled with the wine list though, in that wines that I normally bypass as "not good enough" cost more per glass than I would normally pay for a bottle. I had a hard time justifying the expense of most of them, eventually settling on a $80 Malbec, which may have been the least expensive of the lot.The dj and his music selections help keep STK moving. He's responsible for a lot of the ambiance of the place but the loud music did make dinner conversation tough.If STK isn't in your budget for dinner, consider it for a drink or dessert. It's a neat place, worth experiencing.
2	Great music, decent sides/salads, HORRIBLE STEAK! And it wasn't just a fluke because my friend ordered a different but and his was awful as well. The positive reviews are either paid or they have very low standards. Really, don't waste your money at this place. Nice decor, nice atmosphere, but super expensive for such awful food.
4	Delicious food. Filet cooked to perfection, difficult to do when you order rare. Their oysters are so good we had a second order for dessert! Service was great and very helpful. It can get loud, but is a fun atmosphere.
3	If your staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel and your in the mood for a good steak with a huge price tag, STK is the place. in all fairness the rib eye steak was delicious, the truffle fries are goooood.  Had the french toast foie gras is different  but tasty, the serrano ham is equally tasty.It was very busy, had to sit in the bar area which has a full menu.  the serves was a bit slow and it felt that if we were rushed out.  the expensive price tag isnt the problem, its you expect a little more than hi, may i take your order, heres the bill good night.But the food is good, checj it out if your into good staek with nite club atmosphere.
4	went for Magnum Mondays which is a version of the Goddess Dinners at TAO and LAVO. super chic place. Have always wanted to try it ever since I heard of it's LA location. Went with a group of total of 5 girls. They brought a magnum bottle of Moet for the table, we were VERY happy girls. Had the organic chicken for dinner but I wish I would've gotten the tuna. Only thing I didn't like about the restaurant was the music was SO loud, especially for a dinner. It was almost as loud as a nightclub. Good music but we had to scream to each other to be able to hear what we were saying
4	Everything was great here....EXCEPT THE STEAK!! I ordered a 10 oz filet mignon medium rare with truffle butter and it was overcooked. It seemed more like a medium to medium well. Since this is a steak house, I had to take off points for overcooking the steak. I had the garden salad and our table shared broccolini, spiced maple carrots, and the lobster mac and cheese. Delicious. The service was great. The ambiance and music was fantastic. But seriously?? If I'm paying that much for a steak, grill it the way I want it.
4	Went here for the final night of our Vegas trip. Had a great meal, much better than 35 Steak + Martini's. Beautifully designed space but the music was deafening. Had the skirt steak & mac and cheese. Friends had the short ribs, lamb chops, creamed spinach, mashed potatoes and filet. They all loved their meals. Prices are not for the faint of heart. Definitely a place you should give a try.
1	So many things wrong with it, except the design and architectural details which are lovely. Tables are too small for the serving dishes and too close together.The bread served was not fresh, had warm butter/cheese drizzles on top but that didn't conceal the day-old taste. Waiters not in synch, kept being asked for fresh drinks even when ones we had weren't touched yet. Dishes were removed prior to all parties being finished, many other unprofessional and inexperienced serving shortcomings. Nothing sophisticated about this place; think only tacky & trendy will want to go. Waaayyy overpriced. Can't imagine it will be around long.
5	My friends and I were in Vegas over the weekend for a friend's birthday.  We had made reservations at STK and let me tell you, I can't recall a more fun, more awesome dinner experience I've ever had.  Everything, from the moment we walked in to the moment we stepped out, was perfect!It was packed, it was loud, and it was busy.  So if you're looking for a quiet place to have a meal, turn around and go to grammas' house!We got there a little early and bellied up to the bar for a round of drinks.  Pricey?  Yeah!  Worth it? !@#$ yeah!  Nothing watered down here folks.  Stiff drinks served in large glasses.  Some of the ladies in our group were feeling the effects after their first drink.  We sat at a large, comfy table in the main dining area right near the bar.  We were greeted by the best waitress/server I've seen in a long time; Michelle.  She was great.  Friendly, professional, attentive, knowledgeable, sweet, hot, fun, the whole package.  I took charge of the appetizers and we had a large seafood platter with crab, lobster, shrimp, oysters, sauces, and all kinds of other goodies.  I ordered 4 different salads for the table to share.  I roll with a pretty picky bunch when it comes to food.  I didn't hear a single complaint and all the appetizer plates were cleaned off!Time for the entrees.  I ordered the "24 oz. porterhouse, medium rare, sliced off the bone please"!  OMG! Hot, juicy, perfectly marbled, sliced against the grain, so every beefy, juicy, fatty morsel was an explosion of flavor in my mouth.  The sides were also wonderful.  The creamy Yukon potatoes, the parmesan truffle fries, the mushroom pot-pie, and of course, the mac n' cheese.  Each one brought a new element of flavor and texture to the party.  I don't have a negative thing to say about any of the food.  We all ordered different cuts of meat.  Some had the petite fillet, the cowboy rib-eye, the bone-in fillet, one of the ladies even ordered the roasted Dover sole! ( I take no responsibility for that one, but when she wasn't looking, I took a piece and that too was delish!)  Dessert time.  Michelle approached me and asked me if we'd like to see a dessert menu.  I told her it was my friend's birthday.  She simply said. "Would you like me to take care of it?"  Awesome!  That is exactly what I wanted to hear.  She took the initiative and made it happen.  A large tray with an assortment of desserts showed up a few minutes later with "Happy Birthday" inscribed in chocolate across the platter with candles.  Perfect.  I love it when a server takes control, shows leadership and "hooks it up".  All I remember is taking a spoonful of bread pudding, with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, drenched in a warm caramel sauce topped with what I think was Cap'n Crunch cereal and thinking to myself, "Now, I can die!".In all honesty, I've had a better steak at CUT or Mastro's in Beverly Hills, but this steak is a very close second.  But neither CUT nor Mastro's (in the numerous times that I've been to each) even comes close to the service we got and the fun time we had at STK. NOT! EVEN! CLOSE!Now, for the party that broke out in the restaurant during dinner.  This is where the fun comes in.  The resident DJ was inspiring!  He played the coolest, hippest, most fun, and most want-to-get-out-of-your-seat-and-sing-and-dance-along music ever!  From Sinatra, Bon Jovi, Journey, Kid Rock, Joan Jett, Jay-Z, Lady Ga-Ga, Madonna.  He turned this already loud and happening restaurant into a full blown night club.  We and the three or four tables around us were up and singing and dancing and jumping, and laughing, and drinking, and hugging like it was a wedding or something.The nine of us all agreed, this was the most fun, and most memorable dinner experience we've ever had.  The next time you go to Vegas with a large group, go to STK, ask to sit in Michelle's section and be ready to party!Thank you STK, Michelle and the rest of your team.  You guys gave us a night we'll never forget.
5	Still a winner in my book.  There's a DJ so it's super loud in here, but sets the mood for a perfect starting point in going out in Las Vegas.  It's trendy, classy, packed, the food is great and the atmosphere is superb!I always get the bone in filet it never disappoints. Occasionally, I'll add the foie gras topping to it which is out of this world!   The tomato and burrata starter salad is another crowd pleaser.  Brussel sprouts are surprisingly VERY good, broccolini was tasty too albeit not my absolute favorite, creamed spinach is a winner always, the blue cheese bread they serve to start is a must.Like I stated earlier, another great place to get the party started and the food is too die for :).ps-they also have STK's in the meat packing district & in South Beach, both of which I've been too and are equally as good.
5	Gonna keep this simple. Amazing chef.Grass fed beef (yes, I can taste a difference) - I had the Filet though I wanted the Top Sirloin, the beau ordered it, I had a taste, both were phenomenal. My steak was topped with the recommended pepper sauce. Amaze-balls. White Truffle Mac N Cheese -- amazingMushroom Pot Pie --  unlike anything else! Out of this worldTuna Tartare -- probably the best tuna I've ever had... EVER (chef brought out two different cuts from the same fish both were delectable)I was stuffed by the time we left and yeah it's expensive but its really really REALLY good.
5	Great food, great music, apps are amazing.  Best "party" steakhouse in town...you will not have a better time anywhere.
3	Overrated, overrated, overrated....That;s pretty much all I can say.  To all of you that gave this place 5-stars....you need to get out more :) An annoying waiter(i guess it could have been the bar tender) that messed up our drink order not once but twice is how we began our experience. One of the people in our party ordered one of their "specials" and was not informed they were out of it until about 1 minute before everyone elses food came out, he ended up getting his entree right about the same time the rest of us were finishing ours(not cool). Everyones food was good, one person complained that their fillet was more medium well than medium but all in all everyones food tasted good, and a couple people in our group said their food was great.  This could be a 4-star establishment if they work out the kinks with the wait staff and service, I think there are some communication issues because getting a drink order wrong(twice) and the running out of an entree and not informing us right away could have and should have been avoided and had those two things not happened I would probably be giving a 4-star review right now. As for the 5-star reviews, like I said you people need to get out more, this could never be a 5-star experience in my opinion, even with perfect service.
5	We were here for a birthday dinner.... it was SOOO amazing that we came back and had dinner again the next night!!!!  By far some of the most awesome food ever ....the Organic filet is to die for!!! =-)  Can't wait to go back to Vegas just for some STK!!!
4	If you're in California, your foie gras eating days are numbered. It seems that my home state will outlaw the selling of the delicacy in a few weeks. Anyhow, with that in mind, read on...While visiting over this past Labor Day weekend, a few friends and I decided to give STK a try.Stymied in deciding what to eat for dinner one day, we went online and found out it was actually Restaurant Week in Las Vegas the weekend we were there.After going through the list of participating restaurants, one of my friends indicated that he always wanted to try STK and that he only heard good things about it.We then made a reservation for four and actually planned the rest of our day in getting there on time.We were split during the good part of the day, but as the reservation time approached, we started arriving at the Cosmopolitan to go upstairs to the restaurant.The service was very professional and it was good to see waiters who can joke around, make good recommendations and still be attentive.The funny thing was that I asked the hostess for a Restaurant Week menu all around, but after glancing at the actual dinner menu, we abandoned that pre-fixed menu pretty quickly and went all out.I ended up getting some filet medallions with bleu cheese spread, and others had the prime rib. Though the portions were on the smaller size (definitely not Lawry's or Mastro's sized), it was well made and actually left you wanting more...which is probably the whole idea behind the smaller portions anyway.The brought out our sides on ironcast bowls, which helped keep things hot. The mashed potatoes were really whipped well...to the point of it being almost a thick liquid. It was buttered, which was nice.One of the items we got was foie gras to be spread over slices of baguette. I've had foie gras sparingly, but I have to admit that that was pretty good. Good smooth texture and a crunchy bread created a nice combination. It gives that duck-ish aftertaste, but I recommend it, if you don't really mind that. This was one of the better instances of it, and I'm disappointed that California will be placing a ban on serving the delicacy. I suppose I can only really have it if I go back to Las Vegas in the future (which happens often enough, I guess).The truffle mac and cheese was okay. I actually used it to clear the palate. It was definitely cheesy, but I felt it lacked a bit of salt or richness.For such a classy steakhouse, being in Las Vegas does have its downside. The highlight of the evening had to be leaving STK. As the four of us were walking out, right outside the restaurant was a dude dressed up in only his boxer shorts. Nothing else. I could tell the mater d' and the host staff wanted to say something to the man, like GTFO, but since he wasn't technically inside STK (just outside of it), they couldn't do anything. It was just such a contrast to have this pretty much naked man greeting the well-heeled people entering and leaving the place.
3	Some of the best steak tartare and appetizers that I have ever had.All that said, the dinner steak itself (NY strip) was good, but a let-down compared to other steakhouses on the las vegas strip.  Also, while the ambiance of the STK is hip and sheek, if you are dining for two do not expect very much privacy.  They line their tables for two right on top of each other.  It really feels like you are dining with the people sitting to the left and right of you.
3	At least it has atmosphere. The $13 drink was about an inch below the rim of my martini glass. I had to have that corrected immediately before the night started off wrong. The whole dinner could be ruined but that drink will not be. The steak and mac and cheese were orgasmic. Not happy that they charge $5 for a ramekin of horseradish cream sauce. Had a gift card that could take care of the whole dinner and the idiot couldn't process it. He made it sound like it was my problem. It was issued by your restaurant, not sure why it was my issue. He actually asked it I wanted to use the gift card or pay by other means. I just about lost it. I still have nightmares about the stupidity of that statement since gift cards are just as good as cash. If you work in the industry you'll get 25% off on Mondays after 9 p.m.
4	Excellent food!  Very rich....waiters will try and upsell you so be prepared.  The bread was the best I have ever had & the mushroom pot pie was bomb!
5	Best meal on our trip!! We were seated promptly (as we were probably the early birds with reservations at 7pm) and Colin, our server, was one of the best servers i've had in a long time.  He knew the menu in and out and also knew the different cuts of meat, which he describe to us in detail.  Even the music the DJ played was great!  It got louder as the night progressed, but it wasn't too loud where we couldn't hold a conversation.We ordered a bunch of stuff since my bf and I decided to share the 20 oz. bone-in rib-eye.  Which I must say was the juiciest and flavorful steak I've ever eaten.  AND it was big enough for the both of us.  For appetizer, we ordered the Foie Gras French Toast and ordered the jumbo lump crab salad, side of roasted carrots, asparagus and mushroom pot pie.  Our friends ordered the 14 oz. bone-in filet, and tuna tartar for their app.  We shared the sides which were the perfect amount of sides for 4 ppl.  The dessert was amazing too! We ordered the variety of cheesecake pops!  A nice way to end the meal for sure!
5	great atmosphere very sheek!...upscale, trendy , good PARTY music while u eat...so VEGAS!we were a group of 13...so the food took awhile to come out...servers were very friendlly..and our water was ALWAYS filled up..food was  very delicious... very pricy but its VEGAS!---great dinner experience...! plus the waiter gave us all  free complimentary lemon shots for dessert!---awesome!
4	A long & overdue review to a dinner with great company...Righteous dudes in Vegas (don't even try to make sense of it).  As we were in Vegas for various birthdays, one of the birthday boys decided the group should have one nice dinner together.  Most of us stayed at the Cosmopolitan.  My friend and I looked at the menu and thought this would be a nice place for dinner.  Knowing that you have to work with a coordinator for any parties over a certain number, I contacted our celebrations contact at the Cosmopolitan who said she'd pass on my information. GROUP RESERVATIONS:*For parties of 13+ guests, you must make a group reservation. I worked with Rose*I believe I was put in the Tempest Storm Private Dining Room - $2,000 food/beverage minimum*A contract will need to be signed & a credit card will need to be put on file*There are 3 set menus to choose from - $85, $100, and $125 options (sides an additional $10)*Note: Prices do not include 8.1% tax or 21% service chargeFOOD:From the set menu I chose the following items:*Hearts of Romaine - Good, it's their version of a Caesar Salad.  You may want to ask light on the dressing as mine seemed tossed in dressing and another layer of dressing added on top of that.*7oz Skirt Steak - Good with great flavoring and cooked medium rare as I requested.  It was served over mashed potatoes and a couple pieces of asparagus.*Molten Chocolate Cake w/Vanilla Ice Cream - Yum! Extremely chocolaty rich and a perfect amount of sweetness to end my meal.Additions we ordered:*Short Rib Ravioli - Ok. I wish there was more than just shredded short ribs in the ravioli to add a bit more substance to the dish.*Mac & Cheese side - Yum! Extremely rich, creamy, and cheesy.*Truffle Fries side - A must order!  The fries had the perfect crisp to it and the truffle oil and cheese added a delicious touch!One disappointment?  We didn't get candles on the desserts for the birthday boys.Oh yeah, don't forget to try their bread with the olive oil/chive spread.  It's delicious!SERVICE:Amy aka A Booty (you'd only know if you take a close look at your bill) and Mark were great.  For once I didn't join in with the rest of the lushes and sipped on one glass of wine the entire dinner (hey, someone had to make sure everything went okay).  As my friends ordered and ordered, Mark & Amy were sometimes missing but one of the various servers in our room was more than happy enough to help.STK is a hip, modern restaurant with louder than normal music which may make it a bit harder to hear your date.  We had one of the private dining rooms which for whatever reason has padded walls.  The private room was great so we could all hear the speeches we had the birthday boys giving.
5	Nicole's missing the 5th star on her review, oh wait that's right she wasn't drinking all the Hennessy we were.
5	Went here for the First TIme to see a Friend. The atmosphere is Relax and Chill. Their Employees seem very Happy to be working at this establishment. I would HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone looking for a night out in Sin City.
1	This place absolutely sucks!  Service horrid, steak over cooked and flavorless, creamed spinach rubber.  Don't eat here!  Wasted good money on terrible food.
1	Waiter refused to split our check. We had 10 in our party. We were willing to pay the 18%.  But bread is really good. Music's cool. However, the waiters spilled water on two separate occasions on three of my friends. Then we waited about 15 minutes for our check. So, the manager took off the tips from our almost $800 bill.
2	Meal was great, waiter was fantastic.  That being said, the front desk staff and the bar staff leave alot to be desired.  We had reservations for 7:45 for 3 people which we arrived promptly for only to be informed they had us down for 7:30 and that they were running at least  1/2 hour behind.  When you have tickets to a show in Vegas, having your restaurant running 1/2 behind is no bueno.  Little could be done, you can't just walk into another restaurant and be seating so we waited. They had no empathy and frankly had an uppity attitude about the whole thing.   I decided to get a glass of wine while we waited.  The girls behind the bar completely ignore female patrons.  I actually had to get the wine list from the gentlemen beside me.  Finally, a male bartender surfaced and I got my glass of wine. Once seated, the entire experience changed and turned into what we were expecting.  Great vibe, great food, great wait staff, ready with info about Gluten free options.  Now if they could just get the front of their house and the bar in order, they'd be a premier restaurant in Vegas.
4	I LOVE the ambiance of this place! It seems to be a pretty happening/tredy restaurant! This is probably my 2nd time going to a steakhouse... but the difference between this one and some other establishments like Morton's is the music and atmosphere. You definitely feel like you're already in a club dancing away, but you're at a restaurant at the same time which is a pretty cool idea (they have DJ's playing live) Love how they gave us their delicious bread that was served in their steal cast irons with a side of their Pesto Basil dip - seriously addicting, I think we had like 3 orders of their bread before our entrees came in hahaha.. can't help it if it's super good!I shared the Short Ribs with Carrot Butterscotch, Celery, Cipollinis and the side Parmesan Truffle Fries.. the Short Ribs were very tender and flavorful and the fries are not your typical fries you get at some bar. They're cut almost like steak fries but in almost a perfect rectangle.. You can totally taste the truffle oil goodness! Both were served pipping hot (which is a major plus!)Just keep in mind that since this is a steakhouse, it's going to be pretty expensive, that's why it's good to share some of the dishes so it won't cost you your wallet ;) Servers were pretty attentive, filled up our waters, and anything else we needed.. but what was even better was how our waiter gave us all complimentary Lemon Drop shots as dessert! Super sweet of him! :)
5	really good. got ahi tuna and the best bread in las vegas. also mushroom pot pie was amazing...and i dont even like mushrooms!
2	Average steak restaurant. Overpriced for the value.Good service.
4	Trendy steakhouse with a lounge opens on weekend nights till 1am, and DJ spinning, definitely not your daddy's steakhouse like they advertised. We had a couple of drinks there over the weekend, they didn't have cocktail waitresses serve at the lounge area, with $18-22 each specialty cocktails there, I would like to have some service over drinks..... at least the drinks were yummy and strong.Decor / Ambience: 4Food: 5Service : 3.5Total bill for 2 with 2 martinis no desert: $216A small restaurant, seatings are kind of crowded, especially for 2 people, I saw many people got uncomfortable with their seats.  But at least it was intimate enough. It is also not a bad idea to eat at the lounge area if you don't make reservations.Our food: Complimentary bread with special house dipping sauce: sooo yummy! one of the best I've ever hadDozen fresh oysters : so fresh and yummy with special house sauce and cocktail sauceDungeness crab salad: not much salad, but the dungeness crab was so delicious10oz Fillet Mignon: delicious, perfectly cooked to medium rare with red wine sauceBig eye tuna: soooo delicious! cooked perfectly to medium rare with wasabi mashed potatoMushroom pot pie: yummy! the portion was like an appetizer Food was so delicious, flavorful enough without saltiness. Lemon drop martini was good, Grey Goose dry martini was strong, you can choose stuffed olives or regular ones. The service was just above average for an expensive fine steakhouse, we weren't very impressed. But he did a good job, friendly, fast and somewhat attentive. Loved the food, not so much for the entire dining experience. But still a sexy restaurant for a sexy dinner date sometime.
4	This steakhouse is not for the regular person. This is a steak house for the someone who wants to be in a trendy place that has a live DJ playing while you eat a meal. I LOVE THIS PLACE and plan on going every time I'm in LV.I ordered a fillet medallion 7oz and it was the best fillet I've ever had. Also ordered the dungeness crab salad which was so damn delicious. The  BF and I wanted to kill the chief for being able to create such a great damn crab salad. The drinks  were great. Our waitress was so nice, super fun and very helpful.
3	In our quest to try out all the restaurants at the Cosmo the boyfriend and I decided to try STK for our date night last night.  I had made a reservation for 8:30 but when we arrived  the hostess told us it would be a few moments and to wait in the lounge.  The place was busy so not a huge deal.  After 15 minutes, she starts to seat us at one what was probably the worst table in the restaurant it, it literally shared a bench with the lounge not exactly what I was imagining for a cozy date night.  The boyfriend and I shared a "Help!" look and he asked her if any other tables were available she said if we wanted to wait 25 minutes she could seat us somewhere else.  And so we did, not the best start but after waiting we got a lovely little curved booth in the carpet area of the restaurant.  Moral of the story:  If you don't want to share your bench with the guy trying to hit on that one chick in the lounge specify where you want to sit when making a reservation.For an appetizer I ordered the pear and endive salad, it was yummy but had far more frisee lettuce in then I was expecting for a salad that only listed endive and arugala.  Not bad just surprising.  The boyfriend  ordered the Alaskan King Crab and it was almost orgasmically good.  Three good size crab legs; definitely best part of the meal.  For our main course we shared the 14 oz bone-in filet (medium rare) and a side of lobster mac and cheese and the truffle parmesean fries.  The filet was cooked a perfect medium rare and looked beautiful.  It was tender, melt in your mouth quality meat except for the fact it had almost no seasoning.  I was so disappointed, for a steak house I expected more and it was just bland.  The fries were good though, the perfect amount of truffle.  Sadly the mac and cheese was just a total disappointment.  The boyfriend and I are total gourmet mac and cheese fiends and order it everywhere and this was definitely our least favorite we've ever had.  The cheeses used were really bland (once again, STK where's the flavor?) mozzerella and something else I think.  Try Holstein's truffle lobster mac 'n cheese, downstairs at the Cosmo, it's so much better.  We hoped to have room for dessert but unfortunately after the food and a bottle of wine we were too full.  Our bill was $274 before tax and tip ($100 bottle of wine) and while we were both stuffed we were somewhat less than satisfied, I don't think we'll be coming back again.
2	Went to the interesting Cosmo and 1st had a Gin Fizz at the bar. Extremely noisy with way too loud music blasting. The service. Terrible! My wife and I waited and waited and waited as we wanted a cocktail before our dinner reservation just to get the evening under way. Finally a wait person noticed us and it wasn't all that busy. The Gin Fizz eventually showed. It was fantastic and with cucumbers too. Exactly as depicted and delicious. I asked a passing waiter if the music was muted below ear splitting and annoying in the dining area? He said it's not really loud. Apparently he didn't hear my question!!!!We eventually entered the dining area and I ordered the Bone in Filet with Mac & Cheese, mushroom pie, asparagus after a soft shell crab salad which my wife and I split. She ordered the Blue Tuna seared. All very very delicious. The Sommelier was perfect and on top of his game as was the wait person. Unfortunately we will never eat here again and cannot recommend unless you already have perforated ear drums and enjoy Alka Seltzer as an after dinner drink to cure a headache!!!Oh, the music choices were incredibly good as I am most appreciative of the mix it's just that even upon complaint that the noise level was so loud, as did others in the restaurant, the manager declared that that is the theme! So, screw the patrons and stick with The Program you moron. Nobody said turn off the music just lower it to where you aren't brain damaged as the manager apparently is!!
3	Everything was OK... overall 3 stars.Host 1 star... late seating us for a reservation, no apologyWine list 2 star... small and expensiveService 3 star... efficientFood 3.5 star... normally would give better but for this price I should be "wowed"Ambiance.. 4 star... I like the vibe and the music
3	The music was so far way over the top too loud!!!   Almost impossible to talk or scream over the noise just to converse with the person your eating with forget about talking to the waiter.  We pointed to the items on the menu we wanted.  They kept everyone with a reservation waiting about 15 minutes with no apology & almost with a nod of attitude from this little 21 year old spinner like we should be grateful when she graced us with a table.  That said, the food was excellent.  Would love to try the LA location but have to assume I'll have to deal with the same negatives so think I'll pass.  Skirt steak & corn pudding were soooo good.  Sadly, Truffle fries were just ok.
3	STK is pure Vegas.  All hype and show, but underwhelming when it comes to substance.  The service was alright; at certain points, our waiter did seem rather put off at having to explain certain items on the menu.  I was excited about the foie gras French toast, however I wasn't too impressed with the quality of the foie and the dish didn't work for me.  My fillet was well cooked, but nothing spectacular especially given the price.  The Parmesan truffle fries were unfortunately undercooked: somewhat crispy on the outside but still raw on the inside?!?  However, the place does get 1 star for playing 70s-80s music and avoiding the need to play Top 100 music!  The decor was cool and modern, but certainly didn't make up for the food and service.
4	Reservations at 10:30 on a Saturday night. Arrived at 10:10 and were seated immediately. The good...The atmosphere was great. The DJ did a solid job mixing it up while we were there. The music being played parallels that of the clubs in the vicinity. The interior and the decor of the restaurant itself was modern and chic. The menu offered a variety of choices all depending on your appetite. The filets (7 oz. & 10 oz.) were cooked perfectly and well seasoned. We ordered the mac & cheese and yukon potatoes as side dishes and were not disappointed with either. I recommend those sides over some of the others, especially the broccolini. The table next to us ordered it and it looked weak. Skip on an appetizer and snack on their great with chive olive oil. It was a pleasant surprise.Dessert is not to be skipped. Their bread pudding with salted caramel ice cream, covered with Captain Crunch was a perfect end to the meal...and I'm not even a fan of bread pudding.FYI the busboys and waiter worked their asses off throughout the meal. The not so good...They have a MASSIVE wine menu. The type that will make you wish you had a Cliff Notes version of it. The wine list was not the issue, their lack of quality beer was. Their offerings included the usual watery light beers and my choice for the night Sam Adams Boston Lager. I have nothing against Sam, I actually enjoy it very much so, but I was underwhelmed with the lack of attention the beer selection received in their menu. Craft beer is turning into what wine was years back and I was surprised their menu did not convey that.The bathroom situation isn't ideal. It is a one-at-a-time procedure and the unisex line can get crowded. The bathroom hall monitor loudly lets you know when someone has left the bathroom in case you happened to slip out of consciousness and need assistance.Bottom line, will I eat there again when in Las Vegas? Answer, yes.
5	My wife and rave about this place all the time when we talk about Vegas!We came here last June and wish we went back when we were there this past week.We had no reservations but managed to get a 4 top at the bar since we had friends joining us.  Tables were close together but everyone around us was having a great time.The DJ that night was spinning all my favorite tunes and then some!  that set the tone for being in Vegas!   Not a place for a quiet romantic evening..., your in Vegas for crying out loud in the Cosmo!!!The bread they serve is awesome, best bread I have had in a while!food, drinks, service and atmoshpere was the best!Next time we are in town, this place is the first stop for dinner!! Think we will even stay at Cosmo next time.
4	We sat down at 7pm with the restaurant nearly full already and were promptly attended to with choice of sparkling or standard ice water.  The waiter was fantastic and attentive and gave us ample time to look over the menu and just relax a little instead of trying to push us through our meal.  We both ordered salads that were large and fantastic.  Our entree's were both bone in rib eye steaks cooked perfectly the way we ordered them.  One of the two side dishes was great which was the yukon potatoes that tasted like you were eating warm butter they were so creamy.  The second appetizer was mac and cheese that was baked with a generous amount of cheese on top, except for the fact that they were made with tiny noodles that resembled more like something you would give to a child which I asked if they were meant for a 5 year old.  The combination of tiny pasta and a large amount of cheese made it soupy and not worthy of the $10 they charged for it.  STK, get rid of the mac and cheese or make it so an adult would enjoy it.  The sideshow of the obliterated drunk girl across from us was priceless though, with all of the nose picking and messy mashed potato eating she couldn't make into her mouth with consistency made the night for us though.
2	I would give it 2.5 stars. Decent food, Great atmosphere, but terribly overpriced for what you get.47 dollars for a sirloin steak that was probably equall in taste to a steak on the chain restaurant longhorn or outback steakhouses menu. Way overpriced, but i guess thats what you get in a vegas. nothing comes with that 47 dollar steak either, everything is all a la-cart so you can rack up that bill even more. at 10+ dollars per appetizer and 10+ dollars for deserts, side salads and drinks, you will be way over 100$ per person in no time. sad because its NOT worth it, but since its in vegas and in a nice hotel, people Will pay for it. Service was Good, but not exceptional and at that price per person, good doesnt cut it. the server didnt even read us the specials or go over the menu until we asked her too.
2	I've been hearing great things about STK ever since Cosmo opened, so I was excited when my friend wanted to go. She had a great time at the STK in New York a couple weeks ago and wanted to check out this one. Maybe I'm just getting old but I hated it overall. Music was so loud I could barely hear my friend right next to me and couldn't hear a word our server said. I get that they're going for a fun atmosphere, but it's a restaurant not a club. I go to nice overpriced dinners to enjoy my friends company, not listen to blasting hip hop and the drunk douchebags next to me. Petite filet, mac & cheese and corn pudding (creamed corn) were good, but not exceptional - you can get the exact same meal at any steakhouse in Vegas. Probably for a little less.  Cocktails were good but not worth $18-22/drink. Avoid the foie grass French toast appetizer - love them separately but the flavors together with cooked apples is a big fail. Especially after factoring in the ridiculous $24 price tag.Really mediocre service from the Asian dude server too - we had to ask for the wine list and saw him 4 times - took order, brought wine list, took drink orders, brought check. Not sure if there were no specials or he didn't feel like telling us. To be fair, maybe he's just accepted the fact that nobody can hear what the eff he's saying because of the music. Mastro's next door in Crystals is so much better then this place - classy and beautiful restaurant, exceptional service and food. It's not stuffy so you can still have a good time there. But if you're wanting to be a loud obnoxious group, please go to STK where you'll fit in with the crowd.
4	I stopped in for cocktails only, but the environment is phenomenal.
4	I went to STK for my 30th birthday dinner. There was a group of 8 of us. I have to say that I had a great time. This is the place to go if you want to have a lively, good time while eating dinner. They played Top 40 during our entire dinner and my friends and I danced in our seats while eating. We should have just stayed at STK all night instead of trying to get in to Marquee (what a waste of time, by the way.) Our server was completely on top of it and very accommodating as I'm sure we were a little bit difficult to handle being a party of 8 and drinking. The food was also great. My steak was cooked perfectly and the sides were all very good. I loved the ambiance and my boyfriend even said that he felt like he was on Gossip Girl, Las Vegas edition and that it was the best looking crowd he's ever seen.
4	Yes it's loud but it's a fun atmosphere. Nightclub meets steakhouse. The steaks are good and I don't think think they're any more expensive than other high end steakhouses. Service is hit and miss. My drinks are quite simple and straight up. I don't do a lot of mixers. But I hate being told by someone that the drink is *supposed* to taste that way because we use fresh juice. We ordered a flippin' apple martini and it tasted like crap- twice. Give us the sugar- filled, preservative, bottled mixer because someone who's ordering that probably isn't looking for a handcrafted cocktail. Save the attitude and your precious squeezed juice.With that said, I do enjoy coming here as a bar stop on my cruise through the Cosmo.
2	A lot of people I know consider Vegas a true desert when it comes to finding outstanding food. Food that blows you away and makes you want to come back to Vegas just for a particular restaurant. They say it's glitz and glamour, expensive and flashy, and food takes a backseat. No where else is this more true than STK. It's a great looking restaurant. It's hip with loud music and good looking servers and bartenders. You're definitely not at a loss for eye candy with the patrons. Actually not a bad place for the fellas to have a group dinner if they want to drop some coin on a place where food isn't the emphasis. Unfortunately I was here dining alone on business and food was my only friend.I don't think I need to go in to detail because I've personally never cared for detailed reviews of mediocre food.  I will say this.... at some level a place like this does have to get certain things right.. I mean, people do have taste buds and people do come here. So as long as food isn't the emphasis and there's some other reason pulling you here: another person chose it, you want to oogle at hot bartenders, you like dining in a club atmosphere, you can probably get outa here satisfied. Just know whatever you order isn't going to be on any of your bests lists.
5	Nestled inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel, this joint provides a fun, relaxing atmosphere with premium food.Music lil loud, but where in Vegas isn't, right? The jams fit the age of the crowd everyone was singing along having a blast.Bone -in Rib eye= succulent Mushrooms = flavorfulpotato's  a delight.  Bread with there oil and pesto sauce = WOW.. please dont remind me, im so hungry now...its a better alt then a mundane buffet i think. but then again the wicked spoon on the second fl. is legit too.plus, you night actually see some celebrities.
2	Everyone raved about this place, and I'm not sure why. The food was average. I was hoping for an amazing steak, and that just didn't happen. The table we sat at was uncomfortable. It was like we were sitting on top of the people next to us. It's loud. So loud. Loud enough that I couldn't enjoy my meal because I couldn't hear the waiter or my date. I don't understand why the music has to  be at nightclub volumes. The service was just OK, too. Maybe that was just because I could never hear our waiter? Anyways, there are plenty of delish places at The Cosmo to eat... I'd say skip this one.
5	I have been wanting to eat at STK for quite some time....I missed my chances in LA, NY and Miami.Tonight was the night.  My babe and I got a cool booth at about 6 pm.  When we sat down, I could feel the very vibe and trendy atmosphere and listen to the very cool music in the background.For starters, we had their warm bread with cilantro dipping sauce and their shrimp rice krispies bisque.  Their bread was super yummy........and the shrimp bisque was awesome......a thick creamy bisque with a spicy kick.  Just as good as the Palm's or Craftsteak's lobster bisqueFor dinner, we had their bone-in rib eye steaks and sides of creamed spinach, corn pudding, mushroom pot pie and truffled fries.  The steaks were perfectly cooked and prepared.  The sides were all excellent, especially the corn pudding.For desert, we had the coconut up-sidedown pineapple cake......totally awesome wiith a wonderful coocnut/pineapple blended taste.Overall....I loved STK.  I normally do not enjoy these  trendy steakhouses that are full of fluff and short on substance.STK is a trendy, hot steakhouse that cooks steaks like the old boys do!
2	This is the only STK i have been to. I highly disliked it. If i wanted to eat at a club i would do so. They play lil kid R&B or Hip Hop. I guess they're trying to keep it young and trendy, but that type of music is way too young for me. Maybe if i was eating cafeteria lunch i wouldn't mind it. The food itself was mediocre at best. The service was excellent. I had an issue with my order and i ended up getting a huge discount that amounted to being about 25% off my ticket.  Would not visit again
4	This is my favorite place to dine in vegas. Not only have I never had a "bad dish" here  but the ambiance rocks because its  "GLAMOUROUS AND CHIC". I have a propensity to imbibe and feast in establishments where not only is my palate thrilled but the people are nice to admire
5	I absolutely love you guys!!! The food, the servers, and anyone else who works there. From the minute I walk in to the minute I leave, it's an experience. Which is why I constantly return each week. The specials never fail to disappoint, the drinks r amazing.. I suggest the green intensity.. it's ridiculously tasty and my favorite.. jalapeno, gin, lime, basil.. The atmosphere is always very happy, uplifting, they have the greatest djs especially on Magnum Mondays for Industry nights and their resident DJ Roger Gangi always spins some great tunes and is very friendly.. The servers are all very knowledgeable with the menu and can offer some great suggestions, they are very attentive, polite, friendly, and welcoming. The drinks and food always arrive within a  timely manner.. You can often find the manager George visiting the tables to check on how your food and service is going. I just absolutely am in love with this spot.. Look forward to many more visits!
5	One word: Amazing! The ambience was beautiful, perfect for a date or a group. The service was great. And the food to die for.. but don't let them fool you just because it's an elegant place the portions are still great. Especially the salads make sure you share it... and the steaks cooked to the T... my medium filet was phenomenal.. a definite return over and over again!!
4	Different atmosphere, came again since I had a good time at STK in Miami.  Had the infamous sliders, Porkchops and some White Cran.  Decent but have to be in the mood.
1	I took my company/party of 7 here for our holiday dinner. I had a previous experience at this restaurant where our waitor added an item to our bill which we did not know we ordered. They will confuse you about what you are actually ordering since it is ala carte. When it happened for the second time it was apparent as their common practice. Long story short, my secretary, a very young woman, asked the waitor to suggest a steak for her entre. The waitor suggested a steak to my secretary by name only and my secretary agreed. When we got the bill I found out it was a $180 special steak that was off the menu and no price had been quoted. Upon calling the manager she argued with me and was very defensive. Who wants to get ripped off at dinner?Hey Management! When someone calls in with a concern, you should not argue with them without first at least looking into the situation. We basically got scammed as if we were tourists in a foreign country. The manager who called me back was so defensive, never apologized and offered to buy me only drinks next time?? Wtf My bill was $1080.00???
1	Food was good, but service was soooo annoyingly rushed! They made it crystal clear they wanted the table turned out asap! Main courses arrived before we finished our apps, dessert menu landed on the table before our mains were finished, the bill also hit before dessert was done and the waiter came by 3 times to try to collect payment. And we weren't slow...we were out within 90 minutes in total. It was nauseating!
3	Definitely a different experience than the Midwestern steakhouse I am accustomed to.  I enjoyed the atmosphere which is trendy and fits in well with everything at the Cosmopolitan.  The tables and booths are crammed together and it is a chore just to get to your seat.  Extremely loud DJ'd music fills the place which was actually pretty fun if this dinner is kicking off your evening in Vegas.My only real gripe is the food.  I guess I had some high expectations with the overall presentation of the place.  The filet had middle of the road flavor and all of the sides shared by the table were forgettable: creamed spinach, parmesan truffle fries, asparagus...  I will say the mushroom pot pie was pretty good, but that's about the only thing I recall enjoying.After a bunch of cabernet I believe the bill was large, but who cares about such things when in Vegas?
4	Amazing atmosphere. So much fun. Food was amazing.
5	This was among the best meals I have ever had. When choosing a location for my birthday dinner I went back and forth and eventually we settled on STK. We made a reservation and went.Truly, everything about this place was phenomenal. The service was on point, the food was amazing and the atmosphere was so much fun, I mean, really, a DJ spinning at dinner? OK!Our service was wonderful. We were checked on at all the appropriate times, our server was attentive but never pushy and clearly knew the menu very well.I started with the shrimp rice krispies and then had the classic filet with a side of mac & cheese for dinner. Everything was amazing. I still can't get over the taste of the mac & cheese. The steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare and literally melted in my mouth. Oh, and did I mention the bread? Yeah, amazing. We also had a few desserts to share with the table and as it was my birthday my dessert was jazzed up a bit! They were very good!Finally, the atmosphere was so much fun and the people watching was phenomenal. I love people watching and there were lots of interesting and unique people to watch while dining at STK. There was also a DJ spinning but the music was kept at a very reasonable volume so that we could enjoy our dinner company.I would definitely make reservations and recommend checking out one of the bars before or after in the Cosmopolitan!
4	I had a reservation at another noted steakhouse near the strip and wasn't in the mood to follow through. So I started at the south end of the strip and thought I'd walk until I found something to suit my mood. Stepped into a few spots and kept walking. I swung through Cosmopolitan and an irresistible steakhouse aroma clutched me. I asked a hotel concierge to tell me the source and in a short walk I was sliding on to a stool at the STK bar- fine for a solo. I liked the atmosphere which was lively and busy with a great DJ mix as a backdrop. The volume issues that I've read from others was not an issue for me because I wasn't engaged in any challenging conversations. I had the foie gras french toast, bone-in rib and a moscow mule. I enjoyed everything about them. I will say that I can't appreciate the rest room format. Get in line outside? Wait your turn? Follow the attendant's commands? Sir, may I use the bathroom? NO! What? Fix that.I'll be visiting Vegas again soon to celebrate my son's birthday and I'm pretty sure he'd like it as much as I, so I'll be back.
3	Loud. Like a nightclub with a subwoofer stuffed under your banquette. Food was solid without bewitching me. Our server, on the other hand...Not inexpensive.
3	Steaks done perfect. All around. Sides portions were not filling, a problem since its ala carte. Service was not great for the price. Expected Smith & Wolensky (sp?) service since prices are as high, and it did not live up to it.. Not a great value.Not sure how they get away with only 2 bathrooms for a restaurant its size. You could be waiting three deep for the bathroom (men & women). It just should not be the case at a place that has a $125 8oz. Kobe steak on the menu. Also after a time it gets way too loud. A place this expensive should not turn into a night club while people are still eating. Anyway not sure how long its been open but I am sure if they keep the chef and get better wait staff and figure out there portions, and mange there music volume it will be a great Vegas steak house.
2	I don't mind loud places... but this was the most ridiculous place I've ever been. I was more able to have a conversation with my friends when I was at Bonnaroo. I am not exaggerating when I say that our waiter had to *yell* at us. That said, all the food we had was great. My rib eye was cooked perfectly and super tender. The mashed potatoes were excellent as well. Despite having to scream, the service was very good, too. I wouldn't go back, but if you don't mind really excessively loud environments while you eat, you'll get some very good food. Prices are ridiculous, but I guess that's to be expected at a Vegas steakhouse. (one small other thing... 'full bar'? No. They have no draft beer! Which seemed to be really common in Vegas. I mean, its a steakhouse, so I'm having a nice cabernet anyway, but why no draft beer? If I want beer I have to have a $9 bottle of Blue Moon? Maybe it's because I'm from Portland and live in SF... but I expect good restaurants to have a few good drafts. Some micro-brews or a nice Belgian or SOMETHING!)
5	Great service and amazing food!!
5	Yes, loud music but who cares when it is GREAT music? Looking around, everyone was chair dancing, singing along, having a blast. Food was PERFECT!! Fabulous Vegas dinner experience- can't wait to go back to eat here again!  And yes, only  2 bathrooms, but walk a very short distance and take care of it....
4	ever since the cosmo opened i've been wanting to go here for a nice fancy dinner! i just came back from a bachelorette party and this is where we had our dinner. we made reservations early at 5:45 [thank god!] for 12 ladies. 7 of us checked in and they said they couldn't seat us until most of the party was here. which was lame. so while we waited we continued to drink from our pink cups that we brought from our room which was a plus!finally we got seated at about almost 6:30. the waiter was super nice and helpful and told us what he recommended and what dishes were his favorite. me and the MOH decided to share a plate since we didn't want to eat too much because we had plans to drink later on that night :)we ended sharing the filet mignon medium rare [medium size i think and asked to cut it in half] w. a side of mac & cheese. the portion was perfect for me, don't get me wrong i wasn't completely full but i was definitely satisfied and ready to drink! lol. the filet was perrrrfect!!!! very delicious and loved the sauce it came with. the mac & cheese was also great too! we picked the best combo for dinner.our table order a bj shot for the bride to be and it came out with a plate with "congratulations" written in chocolate along with a small dessert. perfect way to end dinner :)don't come here if you're not looking to spend $$$ because this place is pretty pricey. so don't be cheap! lol. i would like to come back for a romantic dinner date sometime.
4	I've only had drinks here so far, but the food I saw looked amazing. I'm a fan of the atmosphere too; the music kept the feeling upbeat and the bartenders were all really nice particularly Chris (think that was his name).It's a little pricey, but no more than you would expect given the location.
3	Better than LA's STK. Super swank vibe. Music was a bit loud but seems appropriate for Vegas.Pros: was very pleased with my cucumber martini (one of the best i've tasted). Also,between the rib-eye and the filet mignon. rib-eye is far better!Cons: lobster mac was unimpressive. as well, the fries.3 stars because it's pretty expensive aka $20 a drink. if you have money to spend, come here for the trendy atmosphere....but i've eaten better food for the money.
3	The ambiance is 5 stars here, really sleek, totally Vegas/LA.Great dinner DJ (we were here the night Whitney Houston died, RIP, and he played a tribute mix to her).Food was just OK. I've had better, I've had worse. My scallops (the "special" of the day) were undercooked with a ton of sand grains in them. Unacceptable for the price. ... and for the price, I expected more of a wow factor, but must remind myself, I knew I came to an over-hyped LA joint in LV and should know what to expect by now (mild disappointment).So, if you want a hip dinner at a fun new hotel, enjoy! If you are expecting knowledgeable service with some serious cooking, try elsewhere like Nob Hill or Mastro's.
2	I came here for a business dinner with work and was expecting a swanky place with great ambiance. It certainly fits right in with the character of the Cosmopolitan and I will say that it did not let me down.  The music was a little loud, but not unreasonable considering  you are in Vegas where everything is over the top. The food left a little to be desired. Great variety in the menu for a steakhouse and priced at the very high end of what one would expect but I certainly did not get the wow factor I was hoping for. Service was good, but I did not feel like it was personal or close to over the top....almost like we were just another table of 4 on their assembly line for the night. Also, a little annoying is the fact that the bathroom is a single. It's not cool when you are at a supposed high-end restaurant and you have to wait 10 minutes (even longer for women) standing in a dark, back hallway to take a leak b/c 4 others are ahead of you in line.
3	First off, I think STK owns me 100 Open Table points for being a regular diner because I was not able to make a reservation using my Smart phone (only reservation available was 11pm!!); however, I was able to make a reservation on the phone with the hotel operator. Speaking of the operator, it was kind of cool not having to be transferred to a call center for the reservation process - the operator took care of that. However, what's the point of asking "are you celebrating anything special?" if nothing special is done for the birthday boy? I mentioned to have a birthday dessert presented at the end of the meal with the candle, but it never happened. Not even a single "Happy Birthday" from the maitre' d or the wait staff. Don't get me wrong, Luis was a great waiter, seems to be very knowledgable with the menu, and was able to assist us with the explaining the menu by asking if we were first-time diners. The busser, on another hand, was not very helpful when my husband complained about the wobbling table; Luis ended up fixing the wobbling table. The food was great, we enjoyed our beef tartare; my husband enjoyed his big eye tuna; I managed to enjoy my ribeye steak too, but it lacked fat content - I've had better cuts of bone-in ribeye. I was gonna order a dessert, but I thought a "special" dessert was on its way so I didn't order any. So then ... the check was presented, and a girl who has a sweet tooth left the restaurant without her dessert ='( By the way, the restaurant was a little too loud for my taste, I usually am not against an  energic ambiance, but if I can't hear my husband well, then I have a problem.
4	It's Saturday night, and was also my friend's bachelorette party wkend... And her favorite restaurant in Vegas. So as her brides-maids to be, we complied to our friend's wishes. First of all she raved about the pink berry drinks. Which I believe is a rhubarb-strawberry infused vodka w/ a splash of something amazing. Definitely a good-looking ambiance.... more guys that night, which was good for the singles in our group.  We had reservations, but still had to wait, which I guess is sort of understandable since it was a Sat night... I have to say I thought it was very cool when the manager came to our table with this enormous bottle of Cristal champagne from my friend's fiance... one of the girls asked how much the bottle was... pretty astronomical.The food was phenomenal; my friend and I shared the filet mignon.  Absolutely delicious! I have to say that I enjoyed the vibe of the place and people... outstanding food but also a super cool place to hang out with friends for drinks. Love, Love, Love this place!  Can't wait to go back! I would have given this place 5 stars, but because despite having reservations, we still had a painfully long wait.
1	This place is insanely loud. Went there Fri night 2/17 for friends 50th.  OK, so we're a little past the age where we enjoy screaming at each other over a $60 steak...but seriously?  You can be a restaurant or a loud nightclub,  but surely not both at the same time.  They also don't honor reservations. Our reservation was for party of 9 for 10:30 pm, at we showed up at 10:25 pm.  They unapologetically told us it would be a 25 minute wait, and then seated us at 11:05 pm.  So we walked out and ate elsewhere.  There are much better places to enjoy a good steak in Las Vegas... N9NE, CUT, BOA, Charlie Palmer, to name a few.  In summary, I would consider STK a huge waste of time unless you are literally stranded at the Cosmopolitan and already slightly deaf.
3	I was in Vegas this past Presidents day weekend celebrating mines and my Bf 6 year anniv. and decided to come here one of the nights we were there. I made reservation for Sunday @ 7:30pm we got there 10 mins early, it wasn't too busy ,so we checked in and went to the bar. Their drinks were pretty pricey, I had one of their Cocktails and my bf had Gin and Tonic and it came out to 33 bucks for our drinks! We got seated once we got out drinks and the seating was very close to one another, like if the waiter/server was trying to pour water for the table next to you, his butt will be right in your face or he would have to stretch way over.The food was OK, I had the 7oz. skirt steak which was alright, it wasn't too big or small, i also had their Mushroom pot pie and that was good. My bf had the Filet Medallion and Cream of Spinach he thought they were just OK. It was a nice restaurant with a nice vibe,But food wasn't that great.
5	Came here last night and I give this place 5 stars for service, ambiance and food. What we ordered:- King Crab Salad: Organic Mache, Melon, Kaffir Lime - Amazing! It was light and fresh and the melon added a very unique and delicious element to the crab. A must try!- Beef Carpaccio: (special of the night) Thin slices of beef, shaved parmesan cheese and a balsamic drizzle - Melt in your mouth delicious! The balsamic balanced the saltiness of the parmesan cheese.- Wagyu Filet: (special of the night) - Medium, and cooked to perfection! The crustiness of the outside was a great compliment to the tenderness of the inside.- Chilean Sea Bass (special of the night) - The sea bass was perfectly flakey and laid on a bed of wild mushrooms. - Mushroom Pot Pie - This was DIVINE! The textures of wild mushrooms and the cream sauce was great with the crustiness of the pie shell.- Mac and Cheese - I have to admit, I didn't think this would be very special, but to my surprise, it was phenomenal! It came out with a bread crumb/cheese crust and because I'm big on "texture," the creamy, cheesy shells were a great balance.- Bread Pudding - Rich and Decadent! The best part were these little crunchy things added on top. They looked and tasted like Cap N Crunch cereal :)Service was top-notch and we were treated like royalty!
5	This place was bumpin! (: I love the night club/lounge vibe. Yes the music is loud so you have to talk loud to your party, but oh well. If you have an issue with it why are you in Vegas?! This place was great! The hostesses were friendly and very pretty i might add. We got sat and our server was amazing. She was a pretty blonde. We ordered an array of entrees and each I was blown away by! Their steaks are top notch and literally MELT in your mouth. Their lobster was so fresh and yummy! and dont get me started on their mac and cheese. I died and went to heaven! Be careful though, it is VERY expensive. But it was sooo worth it!
5	My favorite Steakhouse in Las Vegas hands down!  Bone-in Filet Medium Rare, Mac and Cheese!
1	Worst service ever! For $1200, I seriously thought we were being punked. We waited over an hour for half of our order delivered cold...the other half wrong. Stay away from this big name debochery of a high end restaurant.
4	I loved this restaurant. My daughter brought me here as I am always complaining about not going anywhere fun.  The music started low but increases in volume the later it gets. I loved it. They played all music I like. I didn't feel the price was that high. I actually expected it to be more because of the other comments here. The food was good, but I was not wowed by anything. It is really about the atmoshere I guess. I read someone called it an assembly line, and that it is. The only thing that I did not like was the server. She was efficient, but REALLY snooty. Give me a break, that is barely tolerable at stuffy French restaurants. Secondly, after we finished eating she told us we had to move to the bar to have more drinks. We weren't allowed to sit at the table and finish our champagne either. So, we just left and went somewhere else to spend our money. (chandelier bar) I guess when you are this popular you don't care about this. But the novelty always wears off! Not sure if I would go back. I did enjoy the music and people watching. I don't like being asked to move before I'm ready. We were on a comp which normally gets better service too. So not sure if it would have been different otherwise.
4	If you take this place for what it is it's 4 or 5 star.  On a strict restaurant review I would go 3.5 or 4.  STK is located in the new Cosmopolitan hotel on the Vegas strip.  They specialize in steaks and some fantastic specialty cocktails, oh I forgot to mention that other kind of "tail".  This place is a meat market through and through, from your plate to the numerous plastic women and GQ guys walking around.  This is a great place to go, enjoy a real nice steak (I had the cowboy), and see and be seen.  They also had a couple fantastic apps, the beef carpaccio and tuna tar tare really stood out.  I would definitely go back and in fact we did almost every night to get one of there fantastic hand crafted cocktails.
4	Warning: LONG REVIEW. SORRY =)I was surprised to read that a lot of people think this place is "overrated". It is Vegas and a restaurant in one of the fanciest hotels on the strip so what do you expect?  Great service and a great atmosphere comes with a price.  Maybe I am bias because I didn't take care of the bill though =) Definitely a vibrant bar scene, drinks in hand and socializing. The scene here is kind of confusing though.  I would say a mixed crowd, definitely older.  It is a nice getaway from the typical Vegas scene with the large groups of barely dressed girls club hopping and shuffling from guestlist to guestlist.  It seems like a great place for romantic dinners, great for girls night, good for groups, "CHEERS" with the guys, but then you have some people dancing on chairs and tables as if it's a club?  The music and live dj adds to the whole ambiance but it's interesting when people get kind of rowdy.  But alcohol does that to all of us huh? Food.  Everything we had was delicious.  wine -- great recommendationbread -- love the green saucebeef carpaccio -- thinnest slices of beef I've ever had!  Great texture and the flavors mixed well  foie gras french toast -- if you eat this wrong, it'll taste wrong.  you have to get a little bit of everything in the same bite and chew it all together.  it's surprising, i loved itpumpkin ravioli -- some people might not like the texture of pumpkin, but i love it!  it's a refreshing taste in my opinionorganic filet mignon and bone in filet -- both were delicious and cooked exactly how i wanted it, can't complain, i think the bone in is better, but both were great lobster was good, but not stand out in comparison to the rest of our mealsides: we got the mac and cheese, sweet corn pudding, mushroom pot pie, and spiced maple carrots.  the standouts were the mushroom pot pie and sweet corn puddingdessert: the sorbets come out in small scoops and small cones (SO CUTE, but careful, i dropped the scoop a few times), the cheesecake pops and chocolate mousse were okay.  I don't remember what else we had, but none of them were standout or maybe we were TUMMY STUFFED. Recommendations: mushroom pot pie, foie gras french toast, bone in filet.  Also the music seems to get louder as the night got later so take that into consideration, like an earlier dinner date vs trendy rowdier scene later
5	The service is amazing David R. Is a fantastic waiter. The food is AMAZING. The bread with blue cheese butter mmmm. The steaks are perfectly cooked, they have MANY different sauces to get on the side and I tried them ALL. The corn side dish it SO good, as is the creamed spinach.
3	to be honest.. i don't remember much from this meal because i was plastered.. i do remember having the sliders which were pretty good.. but not great.. my buddies all had steak.. and they were decently satisfied with their meal...
1	Had a reservation (2 weeks prior) for 9:15p at STK.   At 10:15, no apologies and still no table for two!  Finally had to go to another restaurant  The hostesses albeit are good looking, but trained to treat prospective diners like crap.  If you are going to pay $60+ for cut of meat go some place where the customer is respected.
4	To celebrate my boyfriend's 30th birthday, we travelled to Las Vegas with two friends of ours. While there, I wanted to treat him to a stellar dinner and picked STK. I was a bit hesitant as a lot of reviewers have had mixed feelings and said that it's a loud spot for a nice dinner, but I'm really glad I went with my gut and picked STK. It wasn't romantic but definitely sexy.When I made the reservation, I noted that our dinner was to celebrate my boyfriend's 30th. We arrived for our 8pm reservation time but were told that they were running behind and it would be about 25 minutes, so we were welcome to get a drink at the bar. (I suspect they tell everyone this to beef up their liquor sales.)We were actually seated in about 15 minutes and were greeted by our very pleasant server. For dinner we picked the shrimp rice krispie squares, macaroni and cheese and the much-recommended mushroom pot pie. I ordered a filet medallion and he had the 16oz. striploin. All was incredibly delicious - especially the mushroom pot pie! It was to diiiiiie for!While my boyfriend was in the washroom, I asked our server if we could get a dessert with a candle and she responded "yeah of course - it's your boyfriend's 30th birthday, right?" I was stunned! For the restaurant to pay attention to that reservation detail, remember it and relay the message to our server was highly impressive.Apart from the food and dessert, we also had wine and cocktails. The selection is solid but not overwhelming.While the noise level isn't exactly "intimate", STK had a lively vibe with most-excellent tunes. Every song that came on excited me, including '80s Madonna, UB-40 and even Tom Cochrane (being a Canadian, I was stoked). My only complaint might be the hostessing staff - there was something about their attitude that left a sour taste in my mouth, so thankfully the rest of our STK experience more than made up for it!At the end of the day, we would most definitely find ourselves at STK again. It's not your everyday place to grab dinner (for the two of us for two glasses of wine, one martini, two steaks, an appetizer, two sides and a shared dessert it was $220 with tip), but most certainly worthy of special occasions. Believe the hype.
3	Had way better bone-in ribeye and foie gras in other cities. But the female help is very good looking. Management knows what they're doing.
2	They should call this place Club STK. It's basically a club/lounge that serves expensive cuts of meat. The music is INCREDIBLY loud and the tables are a joke. It's a total bar setting with people hunched over tiny tables cutting into their steaks. The meat is decent but also very expensive. The sides which you have to pay for separately are very small and bland. Also the drinks are the same price as they are downstairs at Marquee, yes...$500 for a bottle of Goose. Really? Why?
2	I was not impressed. Music is way too loud. The food is OK but nothing to brag about. With so many great restaurants to choose from, i would not go back or recommend STK.We started with the tuna tartare which was average at best. At 19 bucks that tuna should have rocked as loud as the music they are play. I had the sirloin steak which was tough and fatty. Sounds like a girl i dated in high school. UghhhhThe side dish was the Mac n Cheese which was good. I will say the service was very good. No complaints there. So if you don't mind average food with LOUD music then STK is for you.
4	I was hesitant at first to come to STK (based on some of the reviews), but after trying it out for myself, I have definitely become a fan and will come more often. Found on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, this is the steakhouse to be scene at. The vibe definitely matches the hotel being swanky and trendy. The service was attentive and good for a steakhouse. The food - overall a good meal and price was reasonable for a steakhouse. Appetizers and salads - they are big on blue cheese here so if you are not a fan (like me) make sure that you ask that they do not include it on your dish. The bread and dip they give you is great (the bread has a blue cheese butter, but you can't taste it so I was ok with it - the dip is some herb based olive oil and it was phenomenal). The steaks - bone-in rib eye medium rare is excellent and pair it with the foie gras - definitely a luxurious meal with all that rich fattiness. This is definitely a steakhouse to come to celebrate a birthday or just hang out with some friends - I would not say its for a romantic date since the do play music (fairly loudly) and the crowd itself is extremely lively.
3	Another trendy, over priced steak restaurant.  Have to admit though, My steak was pretty amazing.  Side dishes were average.  Drinks were WAY overpiced. Just be prepared when going you're paying for the ambience.
3	Went here the other weekend to try since my friend who lives in Vegas made a reservation for our group since we were going to hit up Marquee that night. 1) FoodI have to admit, the food is pretty good here. I had a bone-in rib eye that was cooked almost perfectly medium rare. The taste was excellent too but the consistency could have been just a bit less chewy(I'm used to eating rib eyes that melt in your mouth.) I also had a caesar salad which was a couple wedges of lettuce mixed with caesar dressing and light cheese. It was exactly how a caesar salad should be, the dressing was not over powering and was not too sour and the lettuce was crisp. We also had the mac and cheese which was really good, but it was a bit sweet for mac and cheese. I don't need that much sugar in my mac and cheese. We also had the brussell sprouts which were just OK, nothing special. The restaurant also gives some kind of bleu cheese bread with dinner, and although I do not like bleu cheese, it really does not taste anything like bleu cheese, but the olive oil dip that comes with the bread is really really good. The bread by itself was just OK but with the olive oil it was excellent. Lastly we received three different plates of dessert because my friend knew the GM. The dessert was excellent, one plate had three types of cheesecake, the second had a couple different types of mousse and creme brulee, and the third plate had some kind of apple cobbler with captain crunch and vanilla ice cream which was outstanding. The captain crunch was interesting but it actually worked with the dessert! 2) AmbianceThis has to be the loudest restaurant I have ever been to in my entire life.  It is basically a club with a restaurant built inside it. I didn't see the club speakers as they must have been well hidden but the music was really really loud. So loud that you have trouble hearing people at your table, even the person sitting next to you. Our waiter even got one of my friends orders wrong because he heard him wrong. The DJ who was playing the music, his booth was right behind our table which was kinda funny. Some of the music was questionable, such as Informer by Snow, or Blow the Whistle by Too Short, and some other ghetto rap. He might as well have played Jump by Kriss Kross and Ice Ice Baby by Vanilla Ice.  Don't get me wrong, I was born a hip hop fan and DJ but I don't really want to eat a $100 meal with bass shaking my table and chairs with music so loud that I speak less at dinner because I don't want to have to shout at my friends just so they can hear me.  If the music was about 5 - 10 decibels lower, I think it would have been much better.Overall, it is definitely worth trying for the food.  Just be prepared to yell at your friends so they can hear what you are saying.
1	I would never have eaten here if I had read other reviews on YELP.  It is the loudest restaurant ever.  The music is fantastic if you are at a dance club, but you will come out of the restaurant with your ears ringing.  You cannot have a conversation with your dining party.  The food?  Oh, yeah.  Well, it was so loud the server got one of the orders wrong.  I have had bone-in filet at other restaurants and this one did not come close in size or flavor.  Not great.  The fois gras was virtually raw.  The best thing was the pear and endive salad.  Very upset that the server said the salad portions were single serving.  So we ordered one each per person and one salad could easily feed two people.  She was padding the bill.  And she didn't want to take the incorrect order back.  The place was packed on a Wednesday night, but I would never go back.
2	I agree with the other reviewers, despite having checked out the reviews ahead of time - this was the only place we could get into on short notice.  As others have noted, the looks is sleek and cool - very vegas but the music is unbearably loud and we ended up having to shout at each other to be heard. The tables are a joke, way too small and uncomfortable.  Food was terrible, meat was dry, tuna fishy. Wine list was overpriced and underwhelming.  I've been to the Beverly Hills location and it's wonderful, so this must be a Vegas thing.  My recommendation, try Mastro's in the nearby City Center - far superior atmosphere, food and drinks.
1	Actually I would give STK zero stars if I could. This place sucks.  Nothing more I can say.
1	Service?Not sure if the food is any good since my party of eight left before we even looked at the menu.  We had a 6:00 PM reservation for a business dinner on a Monday during a major conference.  The greeters at the host stand were the first indication that we were not going to have a good dining experience.  They were very generally curt and insisted our entire party was present before seating us even for drinks.  At just after 6PM seven of us were seated at a table that would have held six people comfortably, seven acceptably, but not enough room for eight yielding steak knives and talking business.We asked the hostess to be re-seated at a table that could accommodate us once the eighth arrived.  She said the manager wouldn't allow us to be re-seated. We told her we would leave if she couldn't find a bigger table.  She seemed disinterested so we left, passing through a mostly empty dining room.Judging from there reviews here, the experience doesn't seem to be out of the ordinary.
5	Well worth the money!  Service is great food is outstanding and the overall energy in the restaurant is great!  get the mushroom pie!
5	Friend of mine and I ate at STK last Sunday in LV.  Other friends we were traveling with opted to catch a Beatles show elsewhere in town, and after hearing their "review" of that show, I know my friend and I had the better evening.Two guys at a steakhouse for dinner, so it stays pretty basic:  drinks, salads, steaks and a few sides.  It was ALL GOOD at this place.  I'll admit to having some reservations based on prior reviews regarding the noise level in the restaurant, and am very pleased to say we didn't experience that at all.  Maybe those running STK have read the reviews and toned it down?  Granted it was a Sunday night, but it didn't seem like either the Cosmopolitan hotel or STK restaurant was particularly jumpin' that night.  We got a table right away, and were able to carry on a normal conversation throughout the dinner.I started with the wedge salad while my friend had some kind of bibb lettuce roll-up special, and they were both good.  A pleasing amount of bleu cheese in my wedge, which I think is the perfect setup for our steak entrees that followed.  I had a large NY Strip steak, cooked perfectly medium rare, which my friend opted for short ribs, which he said were fantastic.  Our two sides were also terrific, a dish of sauteed spinach and another side of fingerling potatoes roasted in garlic.  I know the potatoes were all gone before we left the table, while there was some spinach left, but think that was more because our appetites were satisfied than anything else.Couple of dirty martini's with bleu cheese stuffed olives over the course of the evening, and we were quite happy.  My friend picked up the tab so I didn't see the final tally, but I'd estimate easily $100 - $150 each, as I think everything was ala carte.  But I'd go to this place again in a heartbeat, next time in Vegas.
5	As long as you don't mind a LARGE bill, this was one of the best meals I've ever had...bone-in-filet with truffle butter, the pot pie...everything was fantastic, including the table blue cheese bread!  Very cool atmosphere also...
3	To make this review authentic...I'M SHOUTING.IT'S TOO LOUD! WHAT? I CAN'T HEAR YOU IN THIS CLUB. THIS STEAK IS DELICIOUS? WHAT DID YOU SAY? THE OYSTERS ARE YUMMY? HUH? WHAT? NEVERMIND!!!!!
4	They definitely were very accommodating for having 22 guys in their largest private dining room. Pre set menus for the bachelor party. The meals were prepared fast, and cooked to perfection.  We had fresh hot bread with a blue cheese butter glaze on top for rolls which everyone said was really tasty (of course I didn't have any due to my lack of preference for cheese), appetizers, salads, meat, meat and more meat...it was definitely a tasty meal, especially the tasty steak/chicken/and seared ahi tunaOnce I'm at a baller status level, I would like to come back and try other non pre-fix things on their menu.
5	The food is amazing I have never had a more perfect steak in my entire life. Very tender, juicy and cooked to perfection! The maple carrots were a great compliment, just a hint of sweetness. The service was spot on, everyone stopped to check on us and chat with this. I highly recommend this place.
4	I had one hell of an evening here. Food was exceptional from all facets.Billed as a steak house but even the one vegetarian in our group was impressed. The wine list was thorough and had a number of favorites (notably Silver Oak), which meant the staff's lack of knowledge on this topic barely registered.The undulating walls and the uptempo beats 'just worked', although I can't think of many other spots were they would. A enjoyable experience all around.
2	This is not STK quality food.  Please go to the one in LA and order:Lump crab salad (This dish is very hard to describe.  It is a very refreshing taste).  Truffle friesCorn pudding (doen't sound special but it is amazing)FiletMac and cheeseStay away from the one in Vegas.  It is not worth it.
3	Came here for a work dinner while at a conference in Vegas - we had a private room... which was very small and had black padded walls... We were told that the room could only accommodate 16 guests (which was the size of our party)... they probably should have scaled the maximum down to 12 - we literally were sitting elbow to elbow, with a couple people actually sitting at the corners of the rectangular table.Service was very attentive while we were in the room, and we were able to adjust the volume of the music (which was good, as in the regular dining room the music was on the level of techno club blaring), as well as the temperature.On the whole, the food was very good.  We started with several trays of cold seafood - jumbo prawns, chilled lobster, and raw oysters.  Everything was very very fresh.  I had the king crab salad with with melon, mache, and i believe some grapefruit.  It was beautifully presented, but in terms of taste, just okay -  strangely a little on the salty side with not much actual crab flavor.  I ordered the 10 oz. filet with truffle butter, cooked a perfect medium rare.  We all ordered different sides, and so I got to try a whole variety of them - some of my favorites were the mac and cheese, mashed potatoes with lobster, mushroom pot pie, and the garlic truffle fries.  We went through several bottles of good wine (I sampled some chardonnays and a couple cabs), and I ended the meal with an incredibly flavorful mango sorbet, which was the perfect finish to such a large meal.Overall, I would give STK a 3.5 rating -- the food is very good for the most part, although it is definitely on the pricier side.  The service is attentive as well, however the ambiance of the restaurant overall is a little strange (although I guess it IS Vegas).  I would recommend for a party of 8-10 (to snag a private room, but have enough room to eat without having to sit on top of your neighbor) - I can't imagine being able to have any sort of conversation out in the regular dining room since the music was blaring so loud.
3	Oh Damn!  They serve steak up in this club!!!What? This ain't a club? Fooled me. Loud, loud, loud music.  Yes, your dinner conversation is at an insane decibel, but if a cool, sexy, party atmosphere is what you are looking for, then you've hit the right place.First and foremost, check out the menu so you know what prices you are getting into...http://www.cosmopolitanlasvegas.com/taste/restaurant-collection/stk.aspxTypical steakhouse prices, with the added Vegas tourist tax, a la carte sides and additional charges for toppings and sauces and you're looking at $75 per person without wine.  Luckily, all the food we ordered was pretty darn tasty.  Honorable mentions go out to the parmesan truffle fries and the sweet corn pudding (which was more like a creamed corn).  The complimentary bread was delicious!!! Gotta have my carbs!!! Servings are deceptively satisfying despite looking way too small.  I'll agree with most that the seating is borderline uncomfortably tight.  We had 12 girls in our party and they sat us in a booth.  If we had any guys in our group, it would've been way too tight.  If you have a large party, try and book the private room.Service was good.   We were on a tight time schedule, and our server managed to get us in and out with just enough time.  The busser, on the other hand, managed to pour water all over my friend within minutes of sitting down.  He then proceeded to walk away, tell his friends, and seemingly laugh at us.  Our server tried to make up for his mistake by giving us all free shots, which was appreciated, until we got the bill and were charged for them.  No biggie.  Told our server and they were quickly comped.  Overall, a good time.  The ambiance isn't for everyone or every occasion, but for  a party weekend, it fit the bill.
4	oysters: definetly worth trying. Those little sea gems were fresh and had sooooo much flavor to them. :D Steak: $48 10oz filet. It was thick, juicy, soft, high quality MEAT. I split it with my friend and it was just the right portion. I had a "MMMMMM" moment. oh yes...I did.Mac and cheese: Good, nothing special.Cream spinach: same comment as aboveMashed potatoes: fluffy, buttery potato heaven. Try it with their signature steak sauce. MMM.If you want a quiet, intimate dinner, then go somewhere else because it gets loud. We went at 5:30 so it was just perfect but by the time we were leaving the music/noise level went up a couple of notches. Hostesses are hoochified in their litto black dresses and heels.
4	I had a dinner meeting that I didn't have to pay for, so we tried to reserve Gordon Ramsey and they were booked, so we decided to try STK as my experience at eateries in Cosmo has been good so far.The decor is modern, hip, a little loud, not as bad as Nine or Switch, but a bit loud for my taste.  I don't think there was a single female employee there who didn't have fake tits.  It must be a prerequisite for working there, and overt tatoos are probably a plus for them, neither of which I care for very much.I had 1/2 dozen oysters on the half shell which turned out to be kushi oysters from BC.  Oysters in May?  Is Alex S losing his frigging mind?!  No.  Oysters actually taste the best in Spring time.  All of the snow melt bring rich minerals from the mountains/forests into the ocean where they get fat and plump before the breeding season in the summer.  Don't eat oysters in months that don't contain "R"?? completely bogus, but I'd probably avoid July/August after breeding season, but as many of the oyster farms grow triploid oysters that don't breed, that's becoming irrelevant these days as well.   I actually liked the fact that they had sauces off to the side so that I could choose what to put on my oysters, as I like them plain or with lemon at most.  They were good oysters.  I had bone-in rib eye and it was solid.  Very well executed as I expected from a good steak restaurant.  Overally, I didn't care for fake tits, tatoos and loudish environment, but I believe that their food is solid.  It's even nicer that I didn't have to pay for it, and I don't mind going back there at all.  However, does it stand out among many great steak places in this town?? Not particularly, but the food was good and I can't complain.
4	This was a great steakhouse up there with N9NE and Craftsteak. i agree with everyone that the music is way too loud.  You are paying $100-200 per person so you dont want to spend the whole evening keeping to yourself. My friends wife was asked if she wanted a drink and she kept saying " Ill have the sea bass, yes Ill have the sea bass" because she could not hear a word. Made for great laughs but not for great ordering or conversation.
3	After reading a lot of great reviews and hearing from friends, I decided to try STK in Vegas.  Have to be honest, was a bit turned off.  Maybe I am just getting old, but when I am eating dinner, I would prefer not to have music blaring in my ears, to the point, where we had to try and shout over it to speak.  OK.  Yes, I am getting old!  The food was just OK.  I think they may have been having an off night, because my whole party seemed to have the same opinion of the food, which is very different from the glowing reviews I heard from friends.  Our server was good, not great, but really can't complain too much about him.  I will try it again on another trip to Vegas,m but first impression was not great.
4	I absolutely love this place.  I've been to the STK in LA which is both trendy in food and ambience.  But there is something about Vegas that just cannot be reproduced!  I loved that they had a live DJ that creates a lounge feeling.  There were beautiful women in high-heels and sexy outfits.  Well-dressed men in suit jackets.  More than a handful of cougars on the prowl.  Afterall, it is Vegas!
4	$18 for a strawberry rhubarb martini???? It is hard to complain about the price when they are oh-soooo delicious.  Luckily I am a vegetarian so I drank my steak budget.  I will make my way back to this spot for their martinis and mashed potatoes.
3	I went here on a Saturday night and of course it was packed.  Didn't dress to the T, so I don't think they wanted to seat me and my friends.  I will get to the point, here is what we had.  To start out, we had the truffle butter fries, which was excellent, the texture and taste was memorable.  Next we had the foie gras french toast with slices of apples, which too was excellent, all the flavors together made it a memorable experience.  Now for the main course, I had a bone in rib eye with truffle butter and foie gras on top of the steak.  I got it medium, I usually do medium rare, but I decided medium that night.  The quality of the steak wasn't what I expected.  I was definitely expecting more from at top notch steak house.  The steak tasted dry and was overcooked.  Adding the foie gras and truffle butter really enhanced the flavor, but couldn't help a dry piece of meat.  My other buddies got theirs medium rare and they said the steak was a little dry, not as dry as mine, but dry.  Service was ok, took a long time to get the food out, the Maitre de was rude and shouldn't judge people by how they're dressed.  If you want to eat at a good restaurant, more often than not, they do have money.  BTW, I was wearing a casual button down and shorts.
2	Our party of 9 ate here last Saturday in celebration of my 30th birthday. We had a 7 p.m. reservation and were seated within minutes of our arrival. We had a central booth that comfortably fit our large party. As others have mentioned, the music is very loud but I didn't feel it overpowered our conversation and we all enjoyed the ambiance - it is Vegas after all! Our waiter was attentive and mentioned at the beginning of our service that the bar was backed up and it might be awhile until we get our drinks. No big deal. We placed our orders - salads as starters and various cuts of steaks for each member of the party. One of our favorite parts of the meal was the table bread and whatever the ridiculously magical green dipping sauce was that came with it - yum! My husband and I shared a blue cheese wedge salad - good, but nothing to write home about. For my entree, I ordered the 10 oz. filet with truffle butter on top. The steak was good, but I have eaten at enough wonderful steak restaurants to know that I have definitely had better. I'm also not sure the truffle butter was worth an additional $12. We also ordered a few sides for the table - our party seemed to enjoy the truffle fries and lobster mashed potatoes.The meal itself was fine, albeit not impressive, but at least we were enjoying ourselves. This is when things took a turn for the worse. We had paid the well over $1,000 bill and ordered one additional round of drinks to savor the last few minutes of my birthday celebration. At this point, we had been at the table for a reasonable amount of time to feed 9 people, and like I had mentioned earlier, the only holdup was waiting for our drinks to come from the bar. As we were still enjoying the last sips of our drinks, the waiter came over the our table, leaned down to me (who he knew was the birthday girl) and my sister-in-law, and bluntly said "I'm gonna need your table". We seriously could not believe our ears. I've never in my life experienced such unprofessional behavior, especially after just spending a significant amount of money on an already sub par meal. If we had been lingering at the table too long, I could maybe understand - I get that you are a busy restaurant and it was a Saturday night. But we had literally just paid the bill and had every right to still be at the table at the time he said this. Maybe a better way to approach the situation would have been to ask politely if we wouldn't mind moving to the bar. I am incredibly disappointed that we came here for my birthday dinner, and it will be a night to remember for all the wrong reasons. It is their responsibility to schedule their reservations with a reasonable amount of time for people to enjoy their meals and the company they are with. I made this reservation well over a month in advance, and this was totally unacceptable. Because of this, I am NEVER eating here again and will make sure others know that this is how they treat their guests.
2	Good meat.  Not terribly pricey for cuts of meat, but neither a good deal.Some sides ok (we all dug on the sweet corn, mac and cheese was rather good as well.  Truffle fries kind of pathetic- tater tots, basically; asparagus meh.)The real shitter- their wine is expensive as hell.  $17 for a glass of Justin Cabernet?  The cheapest bottle of red is $75?  Come on now, that's gouging.  I don't mind dropping money on a quality steakhouse meal, but when the wine is ludicrously overpriced from the get-go, that's hard to overcome.  Because I like enjoying some fine red with my cut of carnivorosity.  Plus, you can think me an old fart at the ripe age of 36, but steakhouses are best (in my opinion) when they are classic, old-school types.  Some Frank or Dean playing in the background, leather booths, gin and tonics before the meal, etc.  Techno music?  Cosmopolitans?  I get it, the Cosmo resort is trying awfully hard for the young hipster vibe, and yes, some of those kids have some serious money to blow.  I guess you need a place like that for "those people."  I had a decent meal, paid way too much for it- mostly due to the wine-, and can cross this place off the list forever as "not my scene."  You kids go have your fun, though.  And then go wait in line and pay $50 for admission into some similar techno-playing club.
4	I went to this place with a party of 9 for a work dinner. It was 8 guys and one girl (me). Everything everyone says about the booth being tight is true, we were very crammed at our table. I don't think our president liked that very much! The music was loud, at the end the night I had lost my voice, and since our customers had thick accents, the music made it difficult to hear them. However, this restaurant is a perfect fit for the Cosmo hotel. The food was very good. I had the filet medallion. It was cooked perfectly medium. We also had all the sides, and lots of wine! The lobster mac & cheese was by far my fave. So overall - great food, great atmosphere, but there are a few downsides if you are coming for a work meeting with a large group of people.
3	This was my first fine dining experience and I was expecting to be blown away by the food, but I was sadly underwhelmed. Overall, everything was tasty but nothing really stood out as being spectacular. Maybe the lack of originality was to blame. Atmosphere: very hip and clubbyFood: filet medallion with foie gras: the filet was tender. The foie gras was good but too rich for my taste.truffled mac and cheese: ok mushroom pot pie: delicious. kind of wished we ordered two.bread: the green dipping sauce that came with it was the highlight of the meal. cucumber martini: pretty good
5	This is my top restaurant experience in Vegas.  I get to Vegas twice a month and stop in here for dinner almost every time.  I range from eating in the bar to private dining room with big groups to traditional seating.The people that work there are outstanding.  While the girls at the front desk can be a bit flighty (don't judge the first impression), the management, bartenders,  and the servers are exceptional.  Start with an icy cold ketel martini or a moscow mule served in a copper mug at one of the two bars.  The scenery and people watching is generally off the hook.  The DJ, situated in the middle of the restaurant, plays a solid variety and keeps the energy level up.The warm bread and green dipping sauce is sinful.  The Shellfish Platter comes in many sizes and has never let me down.  The entire menu can be relatively healthy and is not weighted down with butter and sauces but has great taste and flavor.  The tuna tartare, hamachi,  and shrimp rice krispies are my other go to starters.For entrees, my fave by far is the filet prepared Pittsburgh Style.  Genius simple preparation and flavor every time.  Back this with broccolini, brussel sprouts and creamed spinach (again, solid ingredients but not buried in other sauces and concoctions).  Last few times, they have been bringing trays of their 8 steak sauces for sampling which have quite a variety.If you like a cocktail, be sure to sample the Jalapeno shot.  Not on the menu but a mind boggling smoky infused gin beverage.  Terrific and reasonable wine list as well.From a cost perspective, my bill is generally 50-75% of many of the other restaurants I frequent in Vegas and the experience is better.
3	My son and I ate here last Monday night. Got a table for 2 no problem without a reservation at around 7 pm. Hostesses, waitress, bus boys, food runners were all really nice and good at their jobs. Food was fine-- like all steak houses. The wine list? Maybe the shortest and most over-priced I've ever seen. They had, maybe 12 Cabernet's. Total. They ranged in price from ~$90 on the low end to $1,000+. Really? I'm used to seeing 12 pages of literally hundreds of Cab's at most steak houses, rather than 12 total. So weird and out of character for a high end steak house. The desserts were just so so, btw. Steaks and sauces were outstanding! I thought the music was great.
4	The music is not as loud as I was expecting.  STK is a unique take on a steakhouse.  The dry-aged steaks were fantastic.  For sides, we had the sweet corn pudding, truffle fries and lobster mac n cheese.  The lobster mac was by far the star.  Not as rich as other macs I have had, but the flavor was excellent.  Big pieces of lobster throughout and a nice crusty top.  The truffle fries fell short and were the least favorite of the table.  Needed more seasoning.The little big macs and shrimp cocktail were excellent appetizers.  Service was great.  Our wine/water glasses were never empty, but we didn't feel like they were hovering around us.  An excellent meal and would recommend it.Wine list is pretty good for the strip, but pricey as all places are.  They also have about 15-20 choices by the glass.
4	Food is amazing and delicious. Also very expensive, so don't let that catch you by surprise. Notable things on my last visit, their mashed potatoes and lobster mac and cheese side dishes were extremely yummy. I also really enjoyed their shrimp appetizer (I forget what it was called). I had the skirt steak and my boyfriend had the big eyed tuna. The skirt steak was cooked perfectly. The seared big eyed tuna was only good until we asked for some lemon slices and squeezed those onto it, then it was delicious too haha.Service is great. Super attentive and helpful. Ask for anything and they'll probably bring it to you.One star off though because both times that my boyfriend and I went, we went after 9pm and I guess it turns into some sort of club/restaurant place. I'm not a fan of extremely loud music playing while I'm eating that gets in the way of talking to the people I'm eating with. The waiter literally had to shout at us in order to be heard, which I think is just absurd. I'm all for a young, hip, and party atmosphere but I really think the music could be turned down just a little to make it a little easier to hear the people around you while you eat.
5	i was celebrating my BD dinner there with my hubby last weekend and ofcourse we had a great time we were happy with food ,service and drink(wine).Oh dont forget the music(DJ) i cant say enough about good things of STK,everyone should try!!!!!!!
4	Yes it's expensive but has great music, beautiful women and delicious food.
5	This is a dining experience that everyone must have when in Vegas.  Located in the ultra sexy Cosmopolitan hotel, STK delivers on all levels.  First off, skip everything on the menu and go straight for the steak, the biggest one you can find!  Holy cow, fan f*cking tastic, excuse my french but my steak literally melted in my mouth.  Be sure to dress up cause everyone is on their A game.  If people watching is your scene, this is the ultimate!  You never know what you will get.  We ended up dining next to Kobe Bryant and let me just tell you, watching the scantly clad groupies attack was quite the show.  They have a DJ so it tends to be very loud so I would not recommend coming here for an intimate meal.
4	I've loved the STK in New York and this place is just as good here in Vegas.  You pay for the amazing service, meat and ambiance that comes with this restaurant.  We had a late night reservation here and had to push back our reservations due to us not being to leave the blackjack tables.  They accommodated us and the servers were just so sweet.  They noticed we were here on a date and offered to take multiple pictures for us.  If you are visiting vegas and never had STK, GO HERE for some yummy food and fun atmosphere!
1	Listen..Let me just start by saying that i have NEVER in my life been treated with such disrespect from a "classy" restaurant". I have heard such wonderful things about STK and I figured I'd give it a try to see what's all the talk was about. Long story short I had a cousin visiting me from Wisconsin and he was here to celebrate his 21st birthday! While booking my reservation I made sure it was known that the reason for dining that night was to celebrate. Now normally at these types of places, they give you some sort of small cake and ice cream etc and wish the person a happy birthday. Upon arriving I even reminded the hostess about the birthday, she replied "yeah ok" with a smug face. That's the first point off. What's with the attitude? Next when it was time to order food we had a waiter come over who from the get go was STANK. For a person who's never ate at this place I expected some sort of recommendations or just to at least be more friendly. He was unbelievable! One person in my party never really ate steak and he wanted to just get a small appetizer and a side of crab. Well guess what when this crab came out it was on a little petri dish with maybe an OUNCE of crab?  $25??? GTFOH! So when i told the waiter about the size and let him know that it wasnt exactly what I expected he got an attitude and snatched the plate, and at that moment I had to stop myself from snatching HIM! unbelievable! After that situation occured he never returned to the table which was fine because it would have been a situation if he came back with that attitude! Now on to the food.. The food was a different story! I ordered the Bone-In Ribeye steak(medium well) AMAZING! My Cousin ordered the Skirt Steak(Well Done) AMAZING! Another person ordered the Filet(medium). So as you can see the food wasn't the issue it was the service and in a place like this that wants to charge the prices they do, they need to make sure they have respectable people working for them and learn how to not judge people. Nobody in my group was not dressed for the occasion but because you see a group of black guys you off the bat treat us like we aren't suppose to be there? I make PLENTY (legit) MONEY $$$ and eat 5-star meals on the regualr, so fine dining is NEVER an issue. My RED BOTTOM Christian Louboutin loafers cost more than the hostess and waiter's paycheck COMBINED! So.. With all that being said I would NEVER return back to this place even if somebody paid me.. Know That!
3	Soo this place was just ok for me. Kind of silly the fuss they made about being so busy they only take reservations, no walk ins...well we walked in 30 mins late for our "well try to squeeze you in " reservation and the place was pretty dead. So we obviously got in no problem. Nice vibe, loud club type music, which we enjoyed. Had 2 shots of patron to get our night off to a good start;) $36. Our waiter was crazy funny, and all the staff were really nice and friendly. And everyone looks like a model here, including the bus boys! Dress code is definitely enforced here. It's pretty snazzy. So my husband ordered the seared tuna which the waiter said was very spicy so my husband jumped on it. I ordered the filet and mashed potatoes. They sent us bread and an interesting dipping sauce that reminded me of a wheatgrass shot. No bueno. So our food arrived I was excited, the steak was good. Not amazing which I expected for a 6oz. $40 steak from a place known for steak. My husband, a true spicy freak was sad his food wasn't spicy at all. So he asked the waiter for hot sauce which got us a really dirty look. Apparently we offended him. Mashed potatoes were ok. I ordered another $16 drink and we were ready to go. Got our check, put our cash down with at least $50 due in change and I guess the waiter expected that as his tip? Once again when we asked for our change we got the glare and some sarcastic remark. Needless to say, don't be rude to your customers...he definitely didn't get the $50 tip he was hoping for. Probably will spend our $150 on another place next time.
2	I came here for dinner on a Tuesday night, and it was PACKED.  I get that it's busy and can get crazy overwhelming around drunk idiots.  However, as a waiter or server, I think it's important to keep your composure with somewhat of a smile on your face (even if you're dying on the inside).  Unfortunately, our waiter seemed incredibly flustered and utterly miserable from the minute we saw him.  I felt bad for the guy!Service, I can forgive more easily.  Quality steak at a steakhouse, on the other hand, is a different story.  I ordered a small Filet Medallion cooked medium rare.  It came out just seconds away from being medium.  The meat was decent but not as tender as I'd like it.  It was just...okay.  The Parmesan Truffle Fries were a lot better.  I should have just ordered this and a salad.  They were crispy and rich in cheesy truffle flavors.  For the price tag of the evening,  I'll pass next time.
3	So my latest steak escapade lead me here and the whole night I felt like I was cheating on Craftsteak and in the end I almost felt like going there to apologize on hands and knees.It certainly wasn't horrible by any means, but can't say it was knock my socks off good either. They start you off with a chunk of bread that is lathered in a blue cheese butter which I admit was a twist, but misses the mark all around. It just made the bread a moist salty concoction of PASS (at least for me).I decided upon the skirt steak and I asked for medium rare to get ultimate flavor, but I'd have had better luck just licking the cow on the pasture instead..I did like the seasoning in certain bites, but it disturbed me that every bite tasted different then the one before and it was a little disheartening that the steak was a bit tough at times. As a side I dove into the lobster mac n cheese which definitely saved the meal for me. It was actually plentiful with the lobster portion and honestly just tasted like heaven in my mouth.The overall service and wait staff were left with high numbers, but ultimately steak in Vegas will lead me back to Craftsteak. They are my chopping block for which to compare all others to and sorry STK you rolled snake eyes!
4	Great place, lots of energy.  And they have good food.  I will admit I always wonder when a restaurant looks more like a nightclub, can they still be a good restaurant.  I had the Short Rib, great flavor, nice presentation.  Had to wait a bit for the res, about 10-15.  STK was very busy, and being in Cosmo, also very young.  Would recommend for all who don't mind a loud, energetic atmosphere.
2	Well, I live in Los Angeles and we go to the STK here all the time so when we took a weekender to Vegas we decided to try the STK at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. Our reservations were at the opening hour of the restaurant since it was a busy Saturday and we got squeezed in last minute. Upon arrival (10 minutes early for our reservation) we were told by the hostess that the restaurant was CLOSED and she advised us wait OUTSIDE until she opened the doors. REALLY?? There are a ton of lounge chairs inside for patrons waiting to be seated... i.e. US!!! Well we were shocked when we FINALLY walked in to see about 12 people that were enjoying cocktails at the bar inside that had OBVIOUSLY showed up early too... It just ruined our entire meal that this HORRIBLE hostess pulled such a stunt. (btw, STK, this took place on the evening of February 25th, 2012). The ambience was great the music was groovy and the crowd was beautiful like usual, but after being treated like that we were we just really didn't have a great experience.. We will N.E.V.E.R. come back to STK Las Vegas again, in Los Angeles our service HAS always been remarkable, I find it hard to swallow that this little girl would/could treat customers that are willing to pay $80 for a steak in this fashion... I will say that the food was good, but DEFINITELY stay away from the "seafood platter" complete letdown..
5	Excellent!  Great food, service, pricing...everything was great.If you are looking for a great steak, try STK.
5	service was impeccable, our waiter and busboy were sweet, funny, and very helpful. we ordered absolutely everything they recommended, and gave the busser a separate tip 'cause he was just so contagiously happy and sincere.the foie gras french toast will make you want to cry, as will the beef tartare. the sliders are wagyu beef, which is something i could eat everyday. i'll still go to in 'n out, but with a little bitterness in my bite ...
3	Not worth the $250 I threw down on dinner with just my husband.  Trust us, we eat a lot of steaks and know what we like!  This place unfortunately disappointed.  I would given 2 stars, but our server was really on top of it, so I'm giving it 3.  $49 for a ribeye, I would hope that it would be tender, but it was really grainy and hard to cut into. My husband's first ribeye was half fat!  But the server noticed right away as he cut into it, and without hesitation took it back and got him a new one. The highlight of my dish was the foie gras that was on top of my filet.  I'm from California and foie is banned here, so I was excited to find a place that served it.  I know it's cruel, but if you missed my point of "we eat a lot of steaks", you can take it that I'm a true carnivore!  I would go ahead and skip this place, but it's good for drinks and lounging with friends.  They have a dj here nightly and depending on the night, they play good music.  They have "magnum mondays" like Marquis, where you buy a bottle and they bring you the Costco size!
5	Went here during my brothers bachelor party in Vegas. Incredible night! Steak and the seafood platter were delicious but it was the atmosphere that made the night awesome. There is a DJ in the bar and the music is pumping. It is almost like a club and a restaurant combined. I wouldn't go there for a quiet dafe night but it is a perfect start for a night on the town. I'll definitely go back.
3	Cliff's Notes version: The worst service we have ever had in our lives. Some of the best meat we've ever had in our lives. Calculate the risk in going here.Just as other reviewers said, cool vibe (DJ = good but loud), had to wait 30 mins after our reservation at 10:15 to get seated and came within moments of losing our table service at the club we were going to after. We, unlike other reviewers, were given no special treatment. We, too, were a bachelorette party.In fact, we had the oddest, worst service any of us have ever had. There were 10 of us, all living/ having lived in the 3 major cities (NYC, Chicago, and LA) and it was literally the worst any of us have had, to the extent where several people wondered if our waiter was high on something. He was rude to the point of disbelief. At first we thought he was being snarky/funny, then we thought perhaps it was a shtick like at Ed Debevic's, but no, we realized as the night went on, it was just horrible.I want to be crystal clear - we were not your typical bachelorette party. We were a more mature group, and there were no boas/ genitalia accessories/ strippers whatsoever. Just looking to enjoy a good meal before going out for the evening. We all ordered quickly and did not ask for substitutions. Sincerely, we were an easy group. I also want to be clear that all of us are by no means strangers to having to wait to be seated/ put up with service issues in the "hot spot" du jour. Among the complaints/ comments he made to us were:- I GUESS I can go ahead and bring you a drink menu (after a friend asked for one, and he suggested a signature cocktail and she said it sounded a little sweet for her) - as if he shouldn't have brought one to begin with just in general, much less at 10:15 on a Saturday and to a group of 10 people who were also celebrating a bachelorette- Do you even know what you just ordered? (when a friend ordered a glass of wine)- Nobody's ordering ANYTHING (when a friend ordered a salad first, and he asked whether he should bring it out first, and she asked whether others were getting starters)- Other outwardly aggressive stuff, like when two friends said they were splitting one of the larger steaksHe also pushed doing bottle service immediately without even asking if we were interested, and kept trying to push us to order more. Again, we all had tabs of about $60+, on which he automatically got 20%. Sorry that we don't want to each get 20 oz. filets before heading out for the night in tight Las Vegas club apparel??? Looking back, perhaps the guaranteed gratuity meant there was no incentive for good service.The food was delicious. We had several veggies, all fresh but nothing spectacular; the macaroni which is highly touted and good, but again not the best I've had; steaks which even the most elite foodies in our group said were the best they've had, and the waygu sliders which were mind-blowing. No one got the signature cocktails, as they were all coated in candy and $18 apiece, which is absurd for a non-artisinal bar cocktail. I've had drinks at Grant Achatz's Aviary for less than that.We left without complaining as we had to physically rush to make sure the rest of our night's plans weren't messed up.Would go back as the food definitely warranted a second shot, but I'd be weary.
4	This was a very nice steak house with a live DJ playing music. The place had a classic dark feel, but the   energy was much livelier and younger. It was a perfect fit for the Cosmopolitan hotel (modern, romantic, and young). I would go back to this steak house. The order was:* Complimentary dinner rolls (5 of 5). I loved their free dinner rolls. Five dough balls were baked together in a small dutch-oven looking little pot. It was fresh and tasted like Hawaiian bread. It was paired with a green butter sauce. I think the sauce was made from green onion or chives. It had a strong green taste, but it was delicious with the fresh dinner rolls. It was a great start to the steak dinner.* Tuna tartare (3 of 5) $19 on corn tuille - pecans - avocado. Very fresh tuna tartare on top of a chip. The chip was big enough to hold the tuna tartare, but we had to break it apart to eat it. I am not a fan using a chip to hold tuna tartare. I think it is messy and makes the dish hard to share.* Foie gras french toast (3.5 of 5) $24 green apple - almond brioche - sherry gastrique. Tasty, but a little heavy on the syrup. I would also have enjoyed it more, if they considered slicing the apples thinner.  The apples were presented as two chunks and I thought it would have been prettier and easier to eat with the foie gras if it was sliced thinner. I typically think that foie gras appetizers are like pieces of artwork. If you mix and match what is given to you, it enhances the foie gras taste. * Hamachi (3 of 5) $16 jalapenos - pear vinaigrette. Fresh, and taste was not memorable. I expected more from the four slices of hamachi.* filet 10 oz. (4 of 5) $48 - Tasty and juicy. Nice cut and cooked perfectly to medium rare. No complaints, but at the end, the rib steak was tastier because of the fat content.* bone-in rib steak 20 oz. (4 of 5) $49 - Tasty and the bone was so small, it was almost like boneless. This was tasty and juicy.   * add on topping foie gras (5 of 5) $15 - What a bang for the buck! This is probably the cheapest add on foie gras price ever and it was a huge piece. Delicious!!!* add on side raw horseradish $2 - We were slightly disappointed that the menu asked for $2 for raw horseradish. Nonetheless, we had to order it. Overall, the place was nice, food was good, and staff was very helpful.
3	Chose STK as a nice birthday dinner for our friend. Of all the nice steakhouses I've eaten in Vegas, STK is the only one who did not acknowledge the special occasion reason noted on our open table reservations. I had the 7oz filet medallions medium which was not cut so it left me a bit confused. I figure medallions would be sliced when served. It was nothing special. Not juicy. Not melt in your mouth delicious. It was just a piece of filet. Birthday boy had a 10oz filet medium rare with the foie gras topper. The foie gras was a pretty generous portion. He savored his meal saying it was nice and buttery. The other 2 guys eating healthy chose the ahi tuna rare which was a big portion. It could've been shared between the two of them. They said it was good and fresh. The sides: first off the server told us we should all order our own bc it was too small to share. At $11 a side you wonder wth? Not family style like most steakhouses?! So we got the broccolini, green beans, and mushroom potpie. When the sides came out I admit they were small but not so small you couldn't share. So the guys felt hustled by our server haha. The broccolini wasn't bad, the jalepeno gave it a spicy kick. I liked the soy glaze on the green beans. Then the mushroom potpie... Oh man! Yes I have to agree with other reviews this is a must order for sides. Another item on this trip that was worth one of my diet cheats. The cream sauce was rich but not overpowering and the mushrooms are a mixture of various kinds which was neat. The crust was flaky and light. Overall I will not be going back to STK. I'd prolly only go back for the mushroom potpie. Nothing spectacular but a decent dinner. Birthday boy enjoyed it. He also enjoyed the complimentary bread and parsley butter. I had a tiny piece and it was good! So there you have it. STK was only good for mushroom potpie and free bread hence the reason for no pics bc it wasn't worthy. Ha!
5	If you're a half-decent looking girl who likes going "WOOOO' while dancing in your seat whenever you hear a song you like .... or if you're a guy who's attracted to those kinda girls... you'll LOVE this place.As for the food.  Had the $180 Wagyu rib-eye and the girl had the $195 Wagyu NY Strip.  It was aight.  Their french fries are pretty delish though.Thumbs up for me.
4	Our group of three could only get reservations for 5:30pm on Friday, but we took it!  When we got there, there were only two other tables with people the rest of the restaurant was empty!We all started with a cocktail: french martini, dirty martini and some sort of whiskey drink.  We then ordered a bottle of champagne (we were celebrating our friend getting married!).Appetizers:- Heirloom Tomato Salad ($20): burrata, tomatoes, olive oil & balsamic.*this was my appetizer and it was delicious! But I'm a sucker for anything with burrata.-Blue Iceberg Salad ($15): smoked bacon, blue cheese, picked tomato.*Friend ordered this one.  I tasted it.  The blue cheese dressing was yummy an so was the bacon.*Beef Tartare ($20): black truffle, sliced radish, soy caramel*Friend ordered this one and loved it!*Foie Gras French Toast ($24): green apple, almond brioche, sherry gastrique*Friend also loved this one!Main Entrees:-Skirt Steak, 7 oz. ($29)*I ordered this cooked as medium rare plus.  I have never ordered skirt steak from a restaurant but this was delicious!!  Great flavor, perfectly cooked.-Filet Medallion, 7 oz. ($37)*Friend ordered this medium rare.  I tried a piece and this was my favorite out of the three steaks.-I don't remember the third steak, but she got it with the peppercorn crusted, which was tasty.For the side, we had the parmesan truffle fries ($11).  They were cut like steak fries, but crispy and oh so yummy!Our waitress was great and brought out some desserts for our celebration: little cheesecakes, 3 mini ice cream cones and their bread pudding.  OMG their bread pudding!  So yummy!!!I think our bill came to $498 total.  Would definitely head there again!Fun atmosphere; it got louder as we left (around 8:30pm) and the service was fantastic.*Note: everything is a la carte, but enough to share!
3	Service:  Okay.Food:  Epically delicious.Atmosphere:  Entertaining ... seems to be attracting an upscale jersey shore type crowd.I'd come here again for the sliders again and happily pay WAY too much for them, they were just that good, but I would be fearful that my friends and I would end up sitting behind a table with hair gel Ken and stiletto Barbie screaming "more martinis!" all night and it wouldn't be the most fun.
4	Great food.  Great music.  Great scenery. Beautiful women everywhere
4	Delcious.  Amazing romaine salad, ordered the 10 oz. filet with the horseradish sauce, hericot vert, mushroom pop pie, everything was delicious.  To top it off we ordered the upside down pineapple cake and it was amazing.
2	this place is not tight. you literally get a piece of meat on a plate. and not a noticeably great piece of meat where you can taste the obvious high quality, which is how i'm guessing STK is supposed to be justifying themselves as a worthwhile, fancy restaurant. plus, if you want to order anything else (like fries or lobster mac & cheese) it's an extra $11-20. I wouldn't mind this if the fries & lobster mac & cheese had any extra pizzazz compared to their normal versions, but this wasn't the case. just a regular old mac and cheese with hardly any lobster! needless to say, i was very unimpressed by STK. this place is stuffy, overpriced ($600 for 6 people, 3 girls & 3 guys), and not sufficiently yummy...best part about it was the bachelorpad-yacht feel of the interior...if you're into that kind of look.
5	The server suggested that we get it cooked to medium. Upon the first bite, the most pleasant flavor of the cherry glaze and pork took over my senses. I knew right away what it was: BEST PORKCHOP EVER! Hands down. The truffle oil fries were magical as well.
4	This is not a quiet romantic place, unless you are enjoy yelling to your partner over the DJ in the middle of the room. With that being said, it is a very good steak place.  Came here with a friend and actually ate here two of the three nights we were in Vegas.  I had steak the first night (bone-in ribeye with foie gras butter grilled  medium rare) and it was very enjoyable, my friend had a sirloin filet with foie gras grilled seared rare and it was also top notch, his was actually a bit more melt in your mouth tender.  However, the star of the show for me was the beet salad, I am not sure if this is always on the menu, but I came back the second night just to eat the delicious appetizer again.
4	Holy S#it... Who put this steakhouse in the middle of a nightclub !We ( 7 women in short dresses and high heels) walked in for what I though was going to be dinner and the DJ was bumping and the area in front was full of people dancing and drinking. So what did we do.... we joined them. Drinks were bought for us and somewhere in there the bride grabs us and we head to our table... huh .. but I was having fun there !... but at the table we enjoyed a bunch of appetizers, a king crab salad, rice crispy shrimp in a spicy broth, fresh oysters and I was full. I tasted a friends steak and it was very good... no room for desert .This is not a quiet little steak house, go elsewhere if you are not in the mood for a party
3	Food was ok. Nothing spectacular and definitely not worth the price. Should have eaten somewhere else. Service was great though
3	Food was okay, service was okay, the whole experience was okay. Everything was plain nothing out of the ordinary. I really expected more when I came here to dine considering the relatively expensive prices for all of their meats (compared to other the higher priced places in Vegas), STK did not compare. Prime has much better steak at better prices, quality and portions. Also tried out their tuna, it was alright very much on the bland side even with the sauce, I felt like asking for soy-sauce (but that would've been weird). The only part of the entire meal that stood out were the parmesan truffle fries which were perfectly done to the right crispiness. The ambiance is quite loud, not the best place to take someone out for a romantic date as it's hard to even hear yourself. Fun place to hang out with friends to drink and eat though. Service was spotty, it was often times hard to flag down someone to refill waters or to even request simple utensils which was a bit frustrating but it was jam packed at the time so I'll cut them some slack.
1	HORRIBLE!! We had a reservation for 10 people for my friend's birthday at 9:30, they called us to push the reservation back to 10:00- never heard of that in my life, but said "ok". We show up at 10:00 and wait an additional 40 minutes and STILL don't get seated. We left, and will NEVER go back again - don't go to this place!
5	Love this place. Awesome food, awesome decor, awesome service, awesome location. I think the overall Yelp Rating might be low because of the price, but this place is not any more expensive than other steakhouses or upscale restaurants... and for Las Vegas, it is very reasonably priced.
4	Steak is ridiculously good but have you ever had bad steak in Vegas? Um, no, but, it's still really great food. I had no shame and ordered 3 batches of yummy FREE oven baked bread.We actually go to this STK often because we stay at the Cosmo often.  This time, in addition to the steaks, we ordered the waguya burgers with truffle (a little too rich for me and I love truffle) and the sweet corn pudding.  YOU MUST ORDER THE SWEET CORN PUDDING. Service is, of course, excellent.  Music/ambiance is pretty cool.Only complaint? COLD, COLD, COLD. That AC was a little too strong. I was actually incredibly uncomfortable.
3	I am a superfan of steaks in general. Give me a nice ribeye or porterhouse and I'll be mmm mmm satisfied.I came here with a group of 12 people for a bachelor party. We were hooked up with a private room, so we didn't have a problem with sound level. You can actually adjust the music volume and the brighness. BTW, the music was a really good mix.The service was really excellent. Our busser was in very frequently and our waiters checked-in very often as well.Now to the food:I got the 34 oz Cowboy Ribeye with Fois gras topping.Maybe it was a mistake getting such a gigantic cut of meat, but what's done is done.The steak has some black char surrounding it. This is very different from any other steak house that I have been to. The char wasn't my favorite but for the larger cuts it does help break up the soft texture of the meat. THe body of the meat was perfectly medium-rare served with two side sauces (one sweeter, one more savory). THe fois gras was delicious and is a DEFINITE must-do, you can't get fois gas in California!So yes the steak was great, but the char brought it down. Fois gras topping was excellent.Private-room made it very comfortable, but I don't think I would have liked it in the main areas.Service was excellent for the private room.Bathroom was crazy small, single stall!I would probably give closer to a 4, but some unusual things (the super char and the bathroom) brought it down for me.
3	I came to STK on my girls trip to vegas. We had a large party and were given a private room, so we had no issues with loud music. In fact, after a few drinks we were begging the waiter to let us change the soft music coming out of the speakers! The steak was, as expected, quite good, and the sides (truffle mac and cheese and spinach) were delish. The oysters on the other hand...were not shucked well...the had sand in every single one of them...which of course was rather disappointing. I alerted the waiter and he was extremely apologetic and removed them from the bill which I appreciated. Overall, my experience at STK was nice (great food and great service)..minus the oyster hiccup (still..it was pretty gross). I wouldn't object if someone wanted to come back to STK but it would not be my first choice either. There are plenty of other fabulous places to eat in Las Vegas that come without a side of "ocean floor"
5	Came here for dinner with 4 buddies for a bachelor party. I saw a lot of complaints on here about having to wait a long time before being seated, but we were sat within 5 minutes of arriving for our 8:00pm reservation. The bread that they bring out for table is absolutely amazing. There's a blue cheese glaze that the covers the bread and its fresh out of the oven. We literally plowed through the bread in about 10 minutes.I then ordered the Kobe sliders for the main course. They were very small, but absolutely delicious. I was still full from lunch, so the small portion was perfect for me. My buddies all enjoyed their meals and one even said the chicken dish was some of the best he ever had. The music was loud and we loved every minute of it. This is Vegas and if you're looking for a low key experience, you're definitely in the wrong place. The vibe of the restaurant is upbeat, trendy and gets you warmed up for the night ahead. It's definitely expensive, but you're paying for the atmosphere and crowd that comes with it. It was my friends birthday as well so I mentioned it to the staff and they brought out a complimentary piece of cake for him with a bday candle.Overall I had an excellent experience at this place. Definitely a must for a group dinner in Vegas.
4	One of my new favorites in Vegas although I do have a strong must-eat list for steakhouses and restaurants in general in Vegas. The Wagyu filet was extraordinary but there was a hair on one of my guest's plates upon service and even after noticing it as soon as the expediter placed the entree on the table, he asked if we wanted another! Really?? There's a hair on a plate and you have to ask if we would like a different plate?? Other than his bumbling response, the dinner was phenomenal - do not miss  the tuna tartar or sweet corn pudding. The food is incredible even though attention to detail could be stronger. The casino has a great vibe too as an added bonus.
4	Had a fabulous dinner at STK! We arrived on Saturday evening without a reservation and they were fully booked with resos. However, we were offered to have the full menu in the lounge area so we did just that. We sat down and the friendly waitress came right over to get our drink order. I had the Electric Pink (I think) and it was delicious!! Next she told us the specials (and she was honest about one of them not being her favorite, which is always appreciated). She then brought out the complimentary bread which is AMAZING! Hot and fresh with a blue cheese glaze. I could have eaten it all night. Our dinners came out just after we finished the bread. I had the small filet which was amazing. I also ordered the blue cheese sauce, but didn't eat much of it because the taste covered up the yumminess of the steak. That being said, when dinners come without sides the slab of meat is always lacking in presentation. We did order the mashed potatoes and mac & cheese to share (there is plenty to share). The sides were lacking (hence the 4 stars). The mashed potatoes tasted like mashed potatoes. There was no flavor to them whatsoever. The mac and cheese wasn't even as good as the "blue box" kind. It didn't have much of a cheese taste and I didn't like the tiny noodles that were hard to get on the fork. We notified the waitress of a birthday in the party. They brought out a cute little dessert that they wrote Happy Birthday in chocolate on. I noticed on the bill that they charged us $2 for it. Not a big deal but if Chilis can afford a free birthday dessert, I would think that a place with a $100/person tab could throw one in as well. Overall, a great dinner and a fantastic time.
3	A bunch of the fellas and I just grubbed here to kick off my boy's bachelor party. We had a reservation but ended up waiting maybe 15-20 minutes for our table.  Normally, I wouldn't care. But we had to get to Marquee by 10:30!Anyway, once we were finally seated.. Our waiter was helpful and friendly. But we had to order quickly to catch up on time. So we waited.. and got our drinks. And waited.. and got some bread.. And waited.. And waited.. And waited.. For our steaks which were pretty damn good, just not worth the wait! Not the best steakhouse in town but its got a chic atmosphere and serves some good beef. I don't mind the loud music, coz the DJ, yes DJ, was throwin' on some pretty dope tracks. Just don't go here if you're in a rush!
5	STK was great!  Yes, it's a loud environment but if you're getting a bite to eat before heading over to Marquee, it's a great way to start the night.The waiter was nice but he was doing a bit of the upsell (which is rather typical for Vegas anyway).  If you keep an eye on your budget, it will be expensive but not outrageously so.We drank good old Las Vegas tap water, shared a bunch of appetizers and sides, didn't go with any of the expensive appetizers such as the seafood tower (something like $40/person?), etc.The steak was great.  I generally eat a lot but at steakhouses, I like to try a lot of appetizers and side dishes and usually get really full about halfway through my steak so STK is great in that they have small, medium, and large steaks.  Yeah, the small steaks (i.e. the 7 oz filet that I got) is usually for girls but oh well.We had a group of 10 and they were able to accomodate us in one of the private dining rooms.  It was excellent and allowed for table conversation.  I was celebrating my birthday so it was a great room for that.With lots of drinks flowing, and everyone eating steak, sides, dessert, etc...the bill came out to roughly $150/head.  Not cheap but it would have been double that if we had gone with all of the waiter's recommendations.Anyway, great place and an awesome way to start a night in Vegas!P.S. It is not kid friendly because of the noise but they do not have any actual age restrictions.
5	This is the place to go! So upbeat, luv the music, DJ is pretty amazing this past Monday. By the way they do what they call Magnum Monday!! Luv the crowd... Menu selections are pretty amazing; caters for both meat & fish lovers.Can't wait to go back!!
5	Love this place! i've been a big fan of STK restaurants for a while....  STK in LA is one of my favorite places , but STK in vegas is even better! great beef tartar, fresh yummy oysters, foie gras is amazing there and lobster is cooked just the way it supposed to be!  def coming back!ps. i'm not a big fan of steaks .. so i never ordered it here, but i heard steaks are not the best here ...
5	Wow, what a fabulous dinner! First, they brought out the most amazing light flaky bread baked in a little pan and drizzled with an oil/blue cheese smothering with a mint sauce. Fillet was cooked to perfection with a special butter concoction and a very rich red-wine sauce.  The most amazing steak fries, deep fried with parmesan breading--sounds weird, but so tasty. And the creamy Yukon potatoes were delicious. Great service by a very friendly and attentive staff, swanky atmosphere, in one of my favorite Casinos in Vegas--The Cosmopolitan. Definitely a 5-Star experience for me.
4	STK is good, really good. But not quite as good as BOA or Mastro's (in Los Angeles). I came in with a large group and the staff was very accommodating. Every need was met quickly and in a very friendly manner. The food was great as well. Our group shared numerous appetizers and side dishes, while I had the petite filet as my entree. It was well prepared, no complaints. The truffled mac 'n cheese was another stand out! Delicious! Definitely one of the nicer restaurants in Las Vegas. Would go back again!
4	STK is AOK!Service at this place is phenomenal!  Great hostess, terrific waitress (Ashley?) and super support team.  The only off note was the douchebag bartender who was at least honest when he said that if you want good beer you can't get it there but lose the attitude bro; you're not guest starring on an episode of "NCIS: Los Angeles" yet.Food is amazing...we had oysters, french toast foie gras, steaks, mac and cheese, parmesan fries, asparagus and mashed potatoes.  My steak (at 10 oz strip) was well prepared and the accompanying horseradish sauce was epic.  However, for $41 I thought it was a bit pricey.   The sides are all about $11 or $12 and they are Delicious (mac and cheese, asparagus and mashed potatoes were standouts) but the portions are not that big.  So you see me use words like "phenomenal" and "amazing" and you're thinking "But Bill, you only give this place four stars.  What's up with that, yo?"Let me break it down for you.  The things that keep it from being five stars are: 1. Limited beer options -this is a steak house, not some OB/GYN office, right?  I mean do you want to give me a Brazilian while you force me to drink a cosmo?  Sheesh.2. Extraordinary prices.  OMG this place is expensive.3. The one person per use bathrooms.  There was always a line and for a men's room that's unnecessary.  We can use troughs, for heaven's sake.4. Bathroom attendant.  Since you have to stand in the hall to wait for the can, you're sort of forced to make small talk with the guy who is awkwardly blocking the en trace to the loo.  Just not my cup of tea.5. Great music but loud and thumpy (sort of like a date I had once).  Is this a club or a restaurant.  Prepare to be hoarse from screaming and deaf from the music after eating here.Those five quibbles aside, this is an awesome place.
5	Stk is located at the cosmo, the newest hotel in vegasOn third floor. They have a dj with a great music and very loud, personallyI liked it.I orderer the rib eye on bone steak medium rare with chimichury sauceI am giving it ten!!!!! Service is great! People are friendly, pticy but worth it.I will visit again.
4	Service was great, excellent steaks right the way we wanted them and the atmosphere was fun. This place fits right into upscale Vegas.
4	Alright.  Here is the scope.  You're in Vegas, right?  You're looking for the places to "go and be seen."  The place you want to share with your friends when you go back home.  You're looking for the atmosphere over dinner that will lead into the night.  Whether you are dining with your boy/girlfriend, or hosting a group of friends for a bachelor(ette) party, you must go to STK!  The music is loud, and the drinks are strong.  We met an individual, Charity Faith, who made the night even more enjoyable.  She's one of the managers at Bagatelle, but has her feet wet with great services at STK.  [In Vegas, it's not who you are...it's who you know].  When ordering your streak, make sure the waiter hears your order....the music was loud, and everyone was singing, that when I asked for a "medium well," it came out "well."  No worries though - their service was impeccable!
5	Good laaaawwwd have mercy, so many gorgeous men, so little time! Lol STK is the place to be on any Friday or Saturday night! It's part nightclub, part restaurant ambiance is sure to give you an experience you will never forget! Oh & not to mention the food is absolutely incredible. Perfect. Love :)
5	Wow!  Saturday night at the Cosmo and this restaurant was going off.  My favorite part was the music and DJ spinning electronica 80's music throughout the meal.  I have to say for $175 a person the meal was damn good as well.  Our server girl, sorry don't remember our name was amazing too.  She was a huge Texas A and M fan if the manager see's this.  My steak was so good and the sides were great too.  Nice work STK.
5	If I was sober I'd have more to say...but I have memories of delicious smells, tastes, and textures. Seriously though...I was wasted...I mean, it was amazing.
5	The Cosmopolitan is a swanky setting for for this unique steakhouse, which features a thumping, younger atmosphere and a classic menu of beef and all the accompaniments. The fois gras was superb, leaving you wanting for more. My bone-in fillet was aged sufficiently and prepared exactly to temperature, with a delicate crust. The sides were excellent, especially the Brussel sprouts which were baked with tiny cubes of smoked bacon... wow. Service was good and not pushy, and there were plenty of beautiful people to look at all night. The half moon booth seating creates more of a clubish feel, but may leave some diners uncomfortable if sitting in the middle or on the straight edge. But the booths are large so there's plenty of elbow room. I've enjoyed other steakhouses more but I give this one 5-stars because the setting and atmosphere makes for a distinct steakhouse experience.
2	I chose STK for a friend's birthday dinner as the menu looked interesting. The food, however, was simply lacking. Nothing impressed me, nothing made me want to come back or recommend it to friends. For a pricey meal it fell short. The food warrants maybe three stars, but for the PRICE the lack of flavor and terrible textures are just inexcusable in my opinion. If you compare the menu items I list with the price on the website, you will quickly understand why this review is warranted.We ordered: Appetizers - Foie Gras French Toast (which I imagined would be amazing...unfortunately, terrible texture and TASTE. It was mushy spread on mushy toast.) and Shrimp Rice Krispies. Meh. The Shrimp Rice Krispies didn't have much flavor and the "krispiness" became sogginess after half of a bite. The krispies were for presentation effect as they did do a "snap, crackle, pop" when the bisque was poured over them. These were the items that drew us in as they were the most unique. The presentation was good, but the outcome was not a success.Entree - There were three of us. Two of us ordered the Bone-in ribeye and filet, both flavorless somehow but tender. They were the right temperature, which we appreciated. The third person ordered a smaller filet medallion with similar comment.Sides - Mac&cheese, brussel sprouts and truffle mashed potatoes. They were good but when the SIDES are the best part, you know there is a problem. ALSO, if you are considering adding truffle butter to your steak, spare yourself the $12 and get the mashed potatoes for $11. It was basically a bowl of mashed potatoes with a pool of melted truffle butter sitting on top...which meant the initial texture was too watery to be appetizing. By the end of the meal, they hardened and were better.Desserts - Bread pudding and Espresso Charlotte, so so. No complaints but no wow factor.As you can see, we sampled plenty of food to make a valid judgment call. It was sad to spend so much and leave dissatisfied. Wouldn't go back given SO many better options in Vegas. Go to the Wicked Spoon buffet in the same casino. Now THAT was worth it.
5	WARNING: topping the A5 Kobe with the Foie Gras and/or consuming the Lobster Mac & Cheese may result in your eyes rolling out of your head in gastronomic ecstasy. Proceed with caution.
3	This is hard for me to write! I gave STK Las Vegas 3 Stars ONLY because I'm such a huge fan of the one in LA but I have to say I was very disappointed at my dinner at this location.  My husband and I frequent the one in LA and ALWAYS receive excellent service and the food is amazing so we decided to go to the one in LV for our anniversary and were extremely disappointed.  We waited for our table for almost a 1/2 hour with reservations and that wasn't such a huge deal because the restaurant is super fun with a DJ and happy partying people from Vegas but our wait was so in vain as we were seated in the very back of the restaurant near the kitchen. Again, I wouldn't have really thought much about it but I saw the Hostess seat at least three parties that came after us at nice tables before she sat us and it felt deliberate! What is this 1959 where you seat the colored people in the back by the kitchen? I was not a happy camper but so as to not completely ruin my anniversary dinner with a big nasty attitude, I just tossed back a couple of strong drinks back and made the best of it.  I was hoping our dinner would make me forget all about the Hostess segregating us in the back but to my disappointment, the food was really just OK!  I can't imagine how the same dishes can taste so different but they paled in comparison to what we're used to savoring at the LA STK.  Lastly, they did not acknowledge the special occasion note that it was our anniversary.  My husband had to remind them but they did then bring us a pretty yummy Bread Pudding!Would I recommend this place you ask?  Absolutely because its in the Cosmopolitan Hotel (check), plays awesome music (check), has decent drinks (check) and the food is edible.
5	Excellent food, filet was tender, juicy. Lobster mashed potato and Mac & cheese outstanding.
4	I visited for dinner- the decor was nice, the people were a little snooty., but so am I, so i didnt mind  ;) The bread with the blue cheese butter presented in a staub pan was adorable and delicious. It was similar to Neiman Marcus Cafe monkey bread! I had the foie gras on french toast to start. I was expecting it to be sweet and savory and it was mostly sweet. This would have been ideal for dessert. The french toast was huge- a meal in itself.I then ordered a filet mignon with seared foie gras on top and bernaise sauce on the side and cream spinach as side dish.The steak was heavenly- I had an orgasm at my first bite. - the bernaise sauce was ok. and the cream spinach was very light. Not your typical cream spinach. I think that the stellar dish of the evening was my entree.
5	Their loud music made my steak taste that much better. Seriously. I love this place.
2	Nothing really stood out.  Food was good, not the best steak I have ever had though.  The complimentary bread was delicious, likewise the complimentary birthday dessert  was delicious.  My friend and I ordered a foie topping on our steak but her piece was way bigger then mine.  Service was good as well, it didn't really stand out.  During wine service, they presented the wine to my friend, even though I was the one who ordered it.
5	This place gets five stars for two reasons. 1. The staff was friendly and our waitress Britney was amazing. Not only was Britney gorgeous but she took good care of us. 2. The little burgers were sooooooooo good. The steak wasn't all that amazing but the little burgers and service were top notch.
4	I'm going to bottom line this and then do the review. Will I go back? No. But that's mostly because this place isn't for me. This is a place for someone looking to drop some serious coin on a very good (maybe even great) dinner before heading out to the club. Being as I haven't been to a club in this millennium, and driving house music isn't my bag, I won't be back. That's not to say that this is a bad restaurant - it's just not for me.Now, as for the review.Well - the only way for me to review this place is to tell a quick story. My wife and I stopped by looking for a nice dinner before heading out for a show. We were suited/dressed up, and quickly realized we were well overdressed, despite what the prices on the menu would seem to hint in regards to dress.We were seated at a booth/table combo with the booth facing out to the restaurant and the chair facing the wall. I, being the gentlemen (on occasion, really), let my wife have the view of the restaurant while I chose the view of her. And that was the defining decision of the night.Unbeknownst to us at the time we were seated next to the rejected cast of the Jersey Shore. Or at the very least the mother/daughter combo. Thick Jersey accent, drunk, and full of drama. The daughter went on for a good 15 minutes about how awesome it was that I let my wife have the view of the restaurant and what a gentleman I was. The mother didn't say much - I'm assuming she was simply too drunk to communicate. The daughter was interrupted by the brother coming in (for apparently the third time) to start an argument with the mother/daughter about the fact that they needed to leave and he was tired of waiting. He came back once more during dinner to do the same. And having to watch them eat (they were seated right next to us, so you couldn't avoid it) was both comical and disgusting at the same time.Fortunately they left before our appetizers arrived. The waitstaff, who really should have thrown them out, made it up to my wife and I with champagne. Fortunately, I'm a man that can be plied with free alcohol. The little adventure gave us a great rapport with the waitstaff. They took great care of us for the remainder of the night.As for the food, we started with the foie gras French toast and the shrimp "rice krispy treat", which was really a bisque with toasted rice. The bisque was fantastic with just a bit of a spice to it. The foie gras French toast was very good, but the bread was a bit thick, which overpowered the foie gras.For dinner my wife went for the filet (peppercorn crusted), and I did the ribeye with the same preparation. We both went rare. The filet was perfectly done. The ribeye, well, it was bordering on medium. When the server came back over to ask how everything was, the fact that I didn't immediately say "it's great!" let her know something was wrong. She immediately scooped up the plate, apologized, and had the kitchen fire a new one. The second one came out cooked perfectly. In fact, when they came out with the second steak they brought out a new thing of potatoes, which was our side. I give them full props for fixing the mistake instantly.As I mentioned at the beginning, I don't think I'll go back. That has more to do with the music/atmosphere than with the Jersey Shore rejects. If you're looking for a club dinner before a club outing, stop by. If you're looking for a reserved steak dinner, this is absolutely *not* the place to go.
4	I would say, you either hate it or love it. Why hate it? Because its just steak after all, and I can get a good steak any city so why should I pay the price? Well here is the skinny:I  personally loved it. If you are an absolute steak fanatic, STK might seem overated, you could probably argue that for the same money or cheaper, you can get the same thing in (insert your city here) easy. The steak was good, however, and the sides were even better. Not the usual potatoes. If you are into formal service "Good afternoon sir", white linens, traditional service that comes with steak houses, this is not the best place for you. The waitstaff here are awfully contemporary /modern, not informal or casual like quacky and annoying, just..contemporary and unfussy for what is normally associated with pricey steakhouses. They have a way of putting you at ease.If you are into atmosphere - this is the place to go. Its like a club with steak on the side. The music is pretty much like Marquee, Top 40 messed up into electronic, the DJ plays Loud, libations are good all around, and you get pumped up without having to go to a club if thats your thing.There are no cheap restaurants in the Cosmopolitan, in my opinion, so you're dropping at least $50 a person before tax any which way. Most people would edge toward $100 per person after all said and done. A small steak and a drink for two people ran $150 after tax and tip at this place. Was it worth it? It made for a fun evening, so I can recommend.
5	How can a place like STK have such mediocre ratings?!?  I don't even eat steak and I LOVED this place!  The skinny:FOOD- the bread (what's in it other than buttery heaven?):  I could've had this all night!- the appetizers/sides: the brussel sprouts, mac & cheese, beef tartare and pumkin ravioli were all devine!- sole is one of the few fish options on the menu. It was cooked very well and filling - but it didn't leave a great impression on my like the appetizers/sides did!  SERVICEOur waiter was on point and this definitely takes a different feel from the traditional white napkin steakhouse.  VIBEThis place is even better with a group!  This hip, modern, trendy place gets packed quick!  The DJ starts rocking at 8pm (you'll hear some top 40 mixed in with house).Expect to pay $50+/per person (and this is on the cheap end) but hey you get what you pay for!  What makes this place one of my new favorite restaurants is the experience & the side/appetizer dishes (which i loved more than my entree).  Oh, and you can get up to a 34 oz steak for all you meat lovers.
4	We booked a 6pm reservation for Friday night at STK which meant we needed to make it through rush hour traffic. The traffic gods were with us as we pulled into valet at 6:02pm...pfew! As we were seated we acclimated to the environment and quickly ordered a cocktail to forget about the stressful journey on the I-15. The vibe is great and I love the House DJ added to mix things up, Vegas we have arrived. A quick glance at the menu and our orders were placed. We chose the Tuna Tartar to start, followed by the Filet and Pan Seared Organic Chicken. The decision on the sides was the tough part; offering a mouthwatering spread of Lobster Mac & Cheese, Sweet Corn Pudding, Mushroom Pot Pie and Spiced Maple Carrots to name a few. I went with the Parmesan Truffle Fries...you know me and Truffles! Hats off to the Chef, we finished everything on our plates. If you can't make it to Vegas, I highly suggest visiting their location in LA.
5	I was never a girl to eat much red meat and embarrassingly enough,when ordered, I requested it medium well (I know!) Fast forward to my more refined 26-year old palette that still orders her steak medium but most definitely sans the well.My best steak experience to date was at STK in Las Vegas. Incredibly busy on Halloween weekend we were seated at the perfect table in the middle of the room (great for people watching.)We started with salads - me: a caprese, my two companions orderedthe beet salad and the romaine salad which they both enjoyed. Next we moved onto the main event. I could not resist and ordered the 10oz filet with a glass of Malbec.Let me tell you. That was the best steak I have had in....forever.My friend Kiana ordered the Alaskan King Crab and Ashante, the Roasted Dover Sole, all of us? In heaven!  We also ordered sides of truffle macaroni and cheese and grilled asparagus. Each equally wonderful complements to our entrees. We were so full (yes we ate the bread at the beginning of the meal too) that we almost begged off from dessert. Heath our AMAZING waiter decidedotherwise and out came the STK Snickers. There really are no words for this dessert because delicious does not begin to describe what went through my mind during consumption.This was definitely one of the best dining experiences I have had ina long time. Not only was our waiter attentive, witty and thorough with his suggestions, management also came by to say hello and check on us.
4	Finally getting around to reviewing this place... Came here as part of a bachlorette party (in June!) and this place definitely set the mood. The decor is modern and very different from traditional steakhouses. The atmosphere was on the clubby side and the music was pretty loud. But from where we sat the music wasn't too bad, but we still did have to talk louder than usual. The bread was amazing! And it was in such a cute shape. And the sides were good too. My fave were the truffle mac n cheese and the mushroom pot pie. I wish we had more of the pot pie because between 7 girls, there wasn't much to go around. =( I shared lamb chops and the beef short rib with another girl and both were really good, although I love lamb so I have to say the chops were a tad better. And I really liked my Strawberry Rhubarb Cobbler. If you thought it was my dessert, you would be wrong...it was my cocktail! And it was delicious: fruity but you could still taste the kick. It came in a martini glass rimmed w/ graham cracker crumbs. I think most of the others liked their entrees too. Unfortunately a couple of the other girls didn't like the steak they ordered. I tried a bite and agree that it was overcooked. Our server was great and attentive at first (as most places are) but it dropped off a bit after we got our food (like many other really busy places). I knew this place was super pricey but I was disappointed that the portions were on the small side. The sides are smaller than I would have liked and the entrees i shared could have been larger as well, although we were both full at the end, so i guess you can say it was just right. I would go again if there was an occasion to, but if i wanted to have a really nice expensive meal at a steakhouse in the same price range, I'd rather go to Mastro's.
2	Based on my experience at STK, I think it's highly overrated.  Here goes:Had a 6:30 reservation and arrived a little bit early.  The hostess selected a really crummy table, but there were lots of other better tables available, and the place was not busy at all.  Having none of that, I asked for a better table and got a little better one.  The thing is, they seat you cheek by jowl, and it isn't comfortable, and certainly doesn't seem like fine dining.  Atmosphere?  Granted, it was still early, but there was no DJ playing, and the place seemed dead.  Under those conditions, the concept of this place doesn't work.  It felt like eating at CPK at the mall.  The food?  The food must be amazing, right?  Not so much.  The food was in the ballpark, but I've had better at lots of places.  The service?  Apart from the clueless hostess, the service was good.  The wait staff was attentive but not overbearing.  They handled the meal fine. All in all, I'm in no hurry to return to STK Las Vegas.
1	All my friends and I travelled to Vegas for a bachelor party.  Ended up being a puke fest thank to STanK.  After spending $160 each on our meals, we all took a limo to the nightclub.  Soon thereafter, I felt so sick that I asked one of the guys to get me an ambulance.  Long story short, I spent my whole night violently puking the nasty food.  The next day I called my friend to apologize for the abrubt departure and he told me how he and several other guys vomitted all night.  Wasted vacation thanks to this dirty restaurant.  I appreciate YELP for having such a service so restaurants like this can get exposed.  Take the $2,000 plus you made that night on cleaning up your act.  Disgraceful.
4	We were a party of 6 and each steak came out cooked to perfection and exactly as ordered. The sauce tray was an excellent touch and the bread to start was fantastic with the dipping sauce. Good wine list and great service.
4	Went here on a Saturday night. Made phone reservations -- only slot was for 10:45pm. Given that we were staying at the Cosmo, decided to stroll by and see if we could push it to 9:00pm, and voila~ done. 1. Oh. My. God. This place is unnecessarily loud. Music is blasting like you're in a club - takes away from the food (which, btw, is DELISH (see 3., below)).2. Service was awesome. 3. FOOD IS DELISH (but see 1., above): a) Bread: soft, moist, and cutely-shaped; b) Oysters: yum, can't go wrong; c) Filet and Ribeye: YUM, perfectly cooked as requested (medium) (FYI, they bring out an assortment of sauces for your meat -- never used them, but thought it was neat); d) Mac and cheese: pasta shape threw me off (very short tube-shape); other than that it was delicious;e) Mashed potatoes: creamy yumminess; andf) Asparagus: meh, these were so-so and under-seasoned. They throw on a weird butter cream on top that doesn't add anything, except fat to your thighs. 4. Our table was too small for what we ordered, so our waiter used our forks as tongs, grabbed our filet, and placed it on our ribeye plate -- is this normal? (Also see 5., below).5. Our steak came out cut in strips -- is this normal? (Also see 4., above). Maybe our waiter thought we were sharing (?). 6. People are not dressed for a fancy shpancy steak dinner. There are dozens of hooched out girls at the bar in club attire and 5 inch heels. CONCLUSION: (1) I'd come here again for the food; (2) I could do without the excessively loud music; and (3) I'd never bring my parents here.
5	What a Supper Club in Vegas should be.Had a ball here celebrating my Birthday!  SMH at the folks fighting a huge line to get into the "Club" nearby. Me and my buddy strolled into STK, seated ourselves at the bar and proceeded to have a nice dinner and lots of bubbly while a DJ kept the place jumping.Ambiance is cool if you are there for dinner or just want to be a barfly or just lounge. It may be too noisy if you are planning on a quiet dinner on a weekend night due to the DJ, but you were already expecting that because it's STK, right?I like this location as much as STK L.A. and more than STK ATL (FULL DISCLOSE: I do need more trips to this one - only been here twice) .Definitely recommend this place for your pre-game festivities, or your whole game if you don't wanna do the high-end club thing in LV.
5	What can I say - another great dinner at STK.  the atmosphere is always alive and pumping and the music is jammin. Racquel treated us very well at the table for dinner - she is very smart and funny with a great personality.  She spent a lot of time talking with us making sure we ordered exactly what we wanted. We split the filet which was done perfectly - medium rare. The truffle Mac and cheese was to die for - but the spiced maple carrots were just ok. Not bad, just ok. Then Raquel surprised us with an anniversary dessert with 3 different options - they were all deeeelicious!!  Thanks Raquel!!  We'll be back soon.
3	I think I can give three different reviews, one for the food, two for the service, and three for the ambiance.We meet my friend here for her b-day dinner .  Very nice place.The place is located in one for Vegas newest  and hottest hotels, that would be Cosmopolitan, just by saying that you would know that the place is crowded and full of  people who want to have fun.Its super loud inside, so if you are looking for a place where you can have a conversation, STK is not the place.  However, there is lots of good music.  I think they have a DJ playing top 40, so you can get your pre-club game on.  The service is pretty good, the waitress answered all of my questions.  Needless to say, the food is pretty amazing.  Meat is cooked exactly how you ask for it to be cooked.  The side dishes are also pretty good.  The girs got a happy b-day slice of cake after we finished dinner. Price wise, well its vegas so it is a little expensive but it is worth it.  All in all, good place to have a nice dinner.  And from time to time here are celebrities there, we saw the Incredible Hulk there.I didn't give five stars because we had reservations and even with reservations we waited well over an hour to be seated.
5	The chef is talented! Baked oysters are a must.
4	The Setting:  Group dinner Saturday night, no res (but had a Vegas hook-up in our group), sat after ten minutes.  The Vibe:  3.5 StarsTrue to the theme at Cosmopolitan, this place is swanky.  Fancy finish out, pretty people, and music that is a bit too loud for dinner.  I assumed the loud music had to do with the hour, but some guests that were leaving as we arrived said it had been loud the whole time.  Seemed a bit aggressive, even for a restaurant one door down from Marquee...The Food:  3 Stars (Appetizers), 5 Stars (Entrees)This is literally the first meal I've ever eaten where the entrees outshined the smaller bites by a big margin.  It is usually the other way around!The GOOD: 1.  10oz Filet, Truffle Butter topping - melted in my mouth, amazing!  One of the better steaks I have had in my life, yet it was topped by....2.  14oz Bone-in Ribeye, Foie Gras butter topping - If I could rate something 6 stars, this would get it!  Our friend who got it gave us each a bite, and then had to fight us off stealing the rest of it.  I got one more a couple more bites to evaluate for this review, but didn't need them.  The entire table was salivating, and they liked their own steaks!  Perfectly flavored, perfectly cooked (medium rare - ), it was worth every penny and probably more.3.  Dover Sole - got strong reviews from the group even though we wondered why he ordered a non-steak...The OK: 1.  Foie Gras French Toast - nothing against this dish itself.  The Foie Gras was quite good and the toast tasted fine.  But getting about 3 bites of it for $24 was pretty much a waste.2.  Caesar Salad - our buddy didn't care for it, his friend who tried it said it was nothing special.The Service:  4 StarsThis would have been 5 stars if he hadn't messed up one guy's drink and another guys after-dinner drink order.  Water glasses were kept full, he was highly knowledgeable about the menu, and he basically got carte blanche for any mistake he might have made just for recommending the bone-in ribeye with teh foie gras butter.The Bottom Line:  If you don't mind the music/ambiance being loud, this is a great steak place, honestly one of the best I've ever been to.
2	We waiting 2 1/2 hours and I must say I was sincerly disappointed. :( I am really picky when it comes to good steak, and I had heard this  place was great.. But I must say that for the waiting time it was SO NOT WORTH IT. The steak came out burned and it had fat.. YUCK and the service was Super Slow. You would think that for the amount of money that you are paying you could at least get a good steak. I must say. I enjoyed my Steak and Lobster dinner WAY more at TGIF at NEW Orleans for 13.99 the next day.. Would highly recommend.. there instead of STK..
3	Good steakhouse.  We liked the loud music and the vibe a lot.  Lighting was dark but focused- it felt like our table was a little bubble.  Cocktails were Vegas pricey, but decent.      The steak was exactly what I expected, delicious but not especially noteworthy.  As was the wedge salad.  The standouts were the bread and the lobster mac & cheese.  The bread looked like balls of dough had been stuck together in a dish and baked, and then had blue cheese butter drizzled over.  I don't even like blue cheese and I LOVED this.  There was also a chive oil dipping sauce.  The lobster mac & cheese needs no explanation, apart from that it was phenomenal.       I wouldn't say this place is worth a long wait for a table, but it's convenient to those staying in the hotel, and definitely money well spent.
5	Love this place. I loved the STK franchises in NYC, and was excited to try the one in the Cosmo. FOOD: (5 out of 5 stars) -BREAD - omg the bread is so delicious and the green olive oil dip thing was good!! I feel that other places over do the olive taste in the olive oil dip, but this was amazing and so good. The bread was also so tender and soft yet crunchy and warm on the outside. DEFINITELY enjoy your bread!!!-STEAK LOIN STRIP - so tender and juicy and delicious!!! omg this was amazing.-MAC N CHEESE - omg i love their mac n cheese. GET IT!!! definitely worth it. -PARMESAN TRUFFLE FRIES - these are not like your typical fries. they're short and chunky, but they bring them out and it has just the right amount of parmesan topping (some places over due the parmesan). Its super warm and crunchy on the outside while warm on the inside. DRINKS (5 out of 5)-strawberry cobbler graham crackers drink - if you're a girl, and u dont like the taste of alcohol and like sweet drinks, definitely get this!!! this was one of the better drinks i've drank in my life from a restaurant place. -jack and coke - SUPER strong. they definitely give you your jack for your monies.-stk orgy shot - $15/shot or something like that, but it was GOOD. esp for a girl who doesn't like the taste of alcohol. if you're here celebrating a special event and you're with a girl who can't take regular shots, definitely order this one!ATMOSPHERE (4 out of 5)I liked the atmosphere, but the one draw back was that the music was a lil loud. They were playing up to date music and nice remixes / mashups, which is nice. I'm not complaining about the music selection at all!! But the volume could have been turned down, especially for a Sunday night dinner. The waiters were incredibly social and super chill. They were having the time of their lives while serving us and dancing around and clapping while on the job. Perfect place to go for a pre-clubbing pre-outing atmosphere. If youre going to Marquee,  or a similar club , this is the perfect place for a pre-game dinner and drinks.  Also recommended if you're looking for a non-buffet, nice sit down restaurant to celebrate a special occasion with good music and good food (as long as you don't mind the volume)
2	The ambiance in this restaurant was on par with other Vegas restaurants. The service was good. I ordered the lamb chops as an entree ($47). The portion was miniscule, and came with 2 tiny potatoes. This size is more in-line with an appetizer. For the price, I have had way better, and cannot recommend this restaurant.
2	Food is not worth the money. We have tried almost every fine steakhouse in Las Vegas and Henderson and this one was mediocre at best. I got the 7oz filet w the truffle butter and creamy horseradish along w the half lobster. Lobster was rubbery and steak was average. Sides of Mac n cheese and mashed potatoes were good but I wouldn't go back just for the sides..,
4	This place was quite the scene!  The food was excellent, small but delectable portions and for being so crowded the service was good. We couldn't get a reservation but we did snag a table at the Bar and it was perfect. I would definitely eat here again.  The bread by the way was unbelievable and  each dish  was perfectly crafted to satisfy my picky taste buds
4	Disclaimer: I am not a big steak eater. I don't usually order steak unless I have a mad craving AND I am super hungry (because I generally have a smallish appetite). But when we decided to go for a nice dinner in Vegas for a friend's birthday, I made sure that my appetite was ready for some STK.I was not disappointed. They offer several portion sizes for all appetites. I ordered the small skirt steak with (upon recommendation for Yelpers) with the truffle butter topping.  Whoa. Who thought they one little slab of butter could open up a whole set up tastebuds that I never knew existed! Between the 4 of us, we shared four sides (Mac and cheese, Yukon whipped potatoes, Brussels sprouts, and creamed spinach). All decent accompaniments for our steaks. But I def think we could have gotten away with only 3 as we were so full even from our steaks!Tip:  Brussels sprouts and whipped potatoes brushed in your truffle butter drippings...do it.The ambiance has a cool vibe...dark room, live dj. The best part - the music is awesome! We were there on a Saturday night and he played all 80s and 90s old skool hits! It was like a mini karaoke sesh with our dinner.The downside to STK: it's not cheap...but then again, good quality food is priceless. And hello - it IS Vegas. Also, we were so full fr dinner we didn't have room for dessert which looked amazing.I will def prepare myself to go again and this time, save room for dessert!
5	Great food and a great server made for a very memorable evening.  The service was impeccable and the food was outrageously good.
2	Do not go with a party if 6 or more! My wife and I just had dinner with two other couples at STK. The food was good, exactly what you would expect for the prices. However, the service was shameful! Half of our group ordered salads and they all came out together perfectly and were delicious. For the main course,  4 of us ordered steaks and the other 2 ordered a seafood platter. All of our steaks were brought out at the same time but the seafood platters were not included or mentioned. After about 5 minutes I was able to flag down a busboy and inform him that we were missing 2 dinners. It took him a few minutes to hunt down our waiter and a few more minutes to bring out the food. Now our steaks have been sitting on the table for over 10 minutes while we waited for everyone to be served. And to top it off the waiter hides from us for the rest of the night and never apologizes. But you can be sure that our bill included the 20% gratuity for parties of 6 or more.I guess since our tip was locked in the service was not important.I also want to mention the hostess Lily and busboy Rupert were very helpful and should  be commended, they were the only ones who cared enough to apologize.To top it all off we were charged a $50 corkage fee. I know that this is the strip, but that is $20 -$30 higher then other comparable strip restaurants.Finally, for the price, the service should have been much better.
5	From start to finish the place is great. Seared Big Eye Tuna was the choice of the evening and they did it right. Service was top notch. Great Wine list too! It's a must if you are in the Area.
5	I got nothing to complain about this place... ambiance was great, service was awesome, and the food was amazing..  heads up!! make your reservation early! like a day ahead. When you call around dinner time to make a reservation the same day most likely there are no more table, or after 10 pm which is way past my dinner time. we had a bottle of veuve cliquot which was perfect with our appetizers tartar, and sea food platter (king crap legs, shrimp, crab salad, and oysters) the oysters r omg so small, they're like miniatures but they are absolutely flavorful and fresh. Also my friend keep on telling me their special house bread (blue cheese bread) was amazing with their olive dressing. I couldn't eat cheese so sorry couldn't give you my opinion, but I did tried the olive oil dressing that came with it wasn't bad at all.I had 7 oz skirt stake medium rare with truffle butter on the side which I took more than half to-go, I know 7 oz is really small, but I think it was all the appetizer, champagne, filled me up. Truffle butter was good, I never had any type of butter with steak, in my mind I saw "truffle" I just assume it was black truffle tapenade (maybe they do have off the menu in the kitchen somewhere) if that's the case.. you must have the black truffle topped on your steak. I tried my friend's filet mignon medium well it was perfectly done. I'm not very into red meat, but once a while it can be amazing especially when its done right like STK. It'll be perfect to pair with a glass of shiraz, but champagne was enough, I still need to able to walk in heels without wobbling and be able to fit in my tight clothing so that was that, no more drinking for me!!!.... I rarely give 5 stars, but I had to because I had an amazing time & great company with me. It was laughter, happiness, and amazing dinner.
4	I don't remember much about Vegas lol but i saw the bill on my amex but i remember i wanted to go back the filet was great and the service was ok the music was good. ill try to do a better review next time and sleep more and maybe ill remember more
3	It's an upscale steakhouse that conveniently located in the heart of things - so you can grab you dinner here and be close to all the nightlife events right after.  You pass the Cosmo's Chandalier Bar before you hit the entrance to STK so it sets up just the right mood.  The interior and atmophere is what I expect from an upscale Vegas restaurant.  It has unique decor, feels open, and has a clubby vibe to it.  We got seated to our table as soon as we got there for our reservation (which doesn't always happen).  The waiter was also very patient and helpful in getting our drink order - not the easier task when a group of 8 girls is trying to decide which fruity drink to get. Haha.  The drinks were all fantastic, but I've never really had any complaints about drinks that I've gotten from Vegas.  The food, on the other hand, was a hit or miss.  Here's what we got: BREAD FOR THE TABLE:  O.M.G!  I'm sure all the other yelpers have commented on how amazing this bread is.  It even looks amazing - coming out in the shape of a muffin glazed with deliciousness with a green side dipping sauce that takes you back for a moment because it's green.  When you get over the awe and actually dig in to eat it, it just melts in your mouth - one of those crispy and buttery on the outside, and soft on the inside.  And that dipping sauce!!!  FOIE GRAS Appetizer: I indulged with Foie Gras ever since California banned it (not necessarily banned it completely, but it might as well have been with the restrictions).  I ordered both the appetizer and the side to go on top of my steak.  The foie gras was excellent - cooked perfectly - tender - juicy - fatty!  Unfortunately it was paired with a sweet element - I can't even remember what it was (applesauce, berries? no clue) - all I remember was that it DID NOT compliment well.  I separated the two and only focused on the foie gras.  FILET MIGNON with FOIE GRAS: Have already commented on the awesomeness of the foie gras and it didn't disappoint.  However, the piece that came with the entree was much smaller than the appetizer.  If I could go back, I'd order two appetizer ones, and save one to eat with the steak.  Unfortunately again, the filet mignon was overcooked and chewy.  Yes, you read right, CHEWY!  FILET MIGNON!  I was very disappointed.  STK is a STEAKhouse and their steak was actually the only thing I would not get again.  Maybe they were having an off night or an off-piece, but how do you mess up such a fine cut like filet!?!  MUSHROOM POT PIE:  This side dish was the highlight of our side dishes - a MUST GET!  It's a combination of probably 4-5 different mushroom type, baked under some dough to soak in all the delicious sauce.  It was one of those unique dishes that are not offered in many places, but tastes super awesome!  If you have a big group and are celebrating an event, this place is a good option.  Be prepared to pay some big bucks (but hey, you're in Vegas!).
4	Okay this place was pretty good and full of pretty people (and me!)  They had a great steak and I had some Sea Bass on a different time and wow...not overcocked and full of sweet goodness...  The side dishes were very good too.  Great location on this one.  We atr in the black padded leather private room in the back and it was pretty cool.  I think they have two rooms and both of them were open for my large sales team.  Don't try to get too many people back there.Great steakGreat fishGreat side dishes
4	If all you're doing is coming here for a quite night and have a great steak, I'd probably recommend one of the steakhouses in the Venetian/Palazzo the taste is much better there. But if you do still want to have a good quality steak far better than going to like Outback Steakhouse or something like that, and be able to be loud, drink, take shots and prepare for a night that you can't ever talk about again, then STK is the place for you. The Cosmo is just poppin' all the time, its not a huge casino so most of its bars and clubs are all not to far away from each other. Which probably keeps the energy and atmosphere high no matter where you are. The steaks here are as good as any upscale steakhouse, maybe not top end liks Mastro's, but right in line with Fleming's, and Boa (I'm not a fan of Boa though). Nothing that will blow your socks off in terms of quality, but nothing to really complain about considering the prices you're about to pay. No issues about coming back, but wouldn't seek this place out if it wasn't nearby.
5	Very fun place to visit and our steaks were cooked perfect.  Juicy and full of flavor.  A little on the higher side of pricing, but if you are on vacation or a fancy date....a solid choice.
4	Excellent food! Probably best steak I've had and I've been to a lot of steakhouses..Rib-eye medium-rare and lobster mashed potatoes Great environment ! Eat here before you party hard at Marquee
1	This is hard to write because the food was so insanely delicious. However! My party waited for 45 minutes for a table despite the fact that we had reservations. No waitresses ever asked us if we wanted drinks while we were waiting. I had to go ask after 20 minutes if we could get drinks. They told me yes and to look for the waitress myself. The whole 45 minutes we waited she didn't bring all of us drinks. Some of us didn't even get our drinks till we were seated at our table eating appetizers. The waiter was not helpful whatsoever. Also, our "private" table that we waited so long for was practically on top of the tables next to us. We couldn't talk to each other because the music was so loud. The food was absolutely incredible though and the girl at the front was very pretty. I will not go back because of the lack of service despite the fact that the food was delicious.
4	I have been to STK twice.  Once in the private dining room and last night in the main dining room.  Each time I have had a great time.  The food is consistent, try the corm pudding for a side dish-Yummy!  They had 80's hits pumping while we dined and the party I was with loved that!   The service was quick and everyone's food came out to order.  While in their private dining room you could see the Belliago fountains through the picture window.  This place is not stuffy, so going in reasonably casual would be fine.  I will be back!
4	I really like STK, and find myself here a lot for dinner/drinks before heading to Marquee. I love the atmosphere. Nicely decorated and always lively and upbeat. They get rather packed most evenings so plan for a wait, or you can always grab some open seating in the bar.I have enjoyed almost everything I have tried here. Although I am blanking on a name they serve an amazing bread appetizer with sides of dipping sauce. I want to say it is the foie gras french toast but do not quote me on that.  Aside from that I like the caesar salad (Traditional, but I like that it is prepared with large pieces of romain vs chopped, and with fresh parmesan) For entrees I really enjoy the sea bass (When it is offered) and the chicken. You can select your sides to accompany your entree, I recommend the mac and cheese (Creamy and tasty) truffle fries (So good!) Or the mashed potatoes. As a desert person, you know I have to put in my 2 cents on these. The espresso charlotte is amazing. I have also tried the cheesecake pops, which are rather simple but good non the less.Overall I really like STK. Nice large menu offering a variety of tasty items, nice atmosphere, and good service.
2	If you are going to name yourself stk you better have a good steak.  I don't even think they use prime beef.  The porterhouse was cooked to perfection but it lacked flavor.   The atmoshpere is fun if not a bit too loud on the music.  I'm not a big fan of yelling across the booth to speak with my friends.The service is not bad but not good either.  It just sort of is.  They did mess up on our carpaccio.  We ordered 2 and they brought us only one.  Instead of bringing us another they took the one on our table back and brought out another which still is just one carpaccio.  If you like star gazing then this is the place for you.  If not go else where for the price you are paying.
3	I've only eaten here once and I have to say it is just a tad-bit overrated.  I don't think the food is their specialty and the ambiance of the restaurant is definitely not for everyone.  It is super "trendy" and "clubby", which is weird for a steakhouse, but can also be a really fun pre-party place.  Pre-party as in, pre-Marquee..however, who wants to go clubbing on a full stomach? Anyway, the restaurant is really dark and they have BLARING house music on so that you canNOT hear anyone who isn't directly in a position where you can shout into their ear during conversation.  The table we were sat at is one of those U-shaped booths, so that your entire party is facing into the restaurant, not each other.  I hate those booths!  So with the seating arrangement and the loud music, I ended up only talking to 2 of the girls I was with in our party of 8.  Lame.The food was really just okay.  Midway through dinner the girls at a table near us started dancing on their table and the counter behind their booth and swigging champagne out of the bottle.  Classy.  I would say that if you're part of a younger crowd just looking for a fun pre-party dinner, this is a good spot.  But if you're looking for a real nice steakhouse and meal, try somewhere less clubby.
5	Love the bone-in ribeye!
5	Just had a wonderful experience at STK---was in Vegas for a friends birthday and we had dinner in private room. They served it family style---slices of delicious NY strip steak---a garlic shrimp dish--with JUMBO shrimp. Plus two salads---the caesar there is really good. Plus really decadent truffle/parmesan fries---they were big looked like jengo pieces. Food here is always great--private room was very cool about 40 of us around 3 tables...
4	Went here on a business trip with 8 others.  Probably the loudest "nice steakhouse" I've ever been to...  and they said it was fairly calm as it was only a Wednesday night.  The funny thing was that we all agreed the noise became less noticeable as we got drunker lol.  But, if I'm going to a nice place, I'd prefer it to be a place where I can at least hear the people with me.  Drinks and wine were great.  We had the seafood platter appetizer which was the best I've ever had.  Jumbo Shrimp, crab legs, crab, claws, lobster, oysters, and some other stuff.  This was the highlight of the evening for me.  I ordered the Cowboy Ribeye.  I have to say I was a little disappointed in the cut of meat.  I mean, it was huge and it was cooked well, but, for an $85 steak, I expect prime quality.  This did not taste "prime" to me.  This is the only part of the night (besides the noise possibly) that keeps STK from getting 5 stars from me.  It cold be that a steak this large is tougher to find "prime" quality?  Not sure, I might advise trying the medium cut and seeing if that's any better.  Overall, very good experience though.  A little pricey for me as our total bill came to over $2k for 9 people, but, had a nice time nonetheless.  (Luckily our company paid for it.)  To me, it wasn't worth  $225 per person, probably more like $150-$175 range.  But, then again, we did drink quite a bit.  Also, I have to say that the service was top-notch.  They had 1 main waiter and 2 other people taking care of us.  They did a great job.One other semi-annoying thing was that they only have 1 single restroom for men and women.  2 stalls for the entire restaurant.  This seems absurd to me.  As I said at the start, they told us it was a quiet night for the place...  But, there was still a line every time I had to use the restroom (which was quite often as we were "indulging").  I can't imagine the lines on a weekend.
5	The filet medallion is superb!
1	Never have I've been so ignored in a fine dining restaurant. I had high hopes for this place but so RUDE! Music was way too loud for a normal volume conversation. Practically had to scream to talk. As I'm reading other yelp reviews looks like STK DOES NOT HONOR RESERVATIONS, like they didn't honor mine.Food: 5/5 Skirt Steak 7oz.- Surprisingly my girls think I'm weird because I actually really skirt steak, if its cut right. Medium rare with a nice sear. Super juicy and flavorful. Yummy1/5 Bone in Rib Steak 20oz.- I didn't really care for this, It was delicious but a little tough. A lot tougher than the skirt steak which is surprising. Sides:1/5 Asparagus- not sure if this was cooked properly but It tasted a little cold. 2/5 Parmesan Truffle Fries- Very Fluffy and yummy but it had a strong over powering taste of garlic powder. Totally ruined it. Service:HORRIBLE!!! 0/5We had reservations at 11pm, I understand they close at 12am so you would think they would want to seat us right away and take our order, NO. The hostess kept us waiting telling us our table wasn't ready. Finally seated at 11:30pm, I wasn't going to rush for them but wow no server no introductions, no water or drinks offered. We had to ask our busser who our waiter was. I've never been so ignored.
4	My first visit to STK was not very positive. A friend and I walked in to get a few cocktails, an appetizer, and some desserts. We stood at the front while the hostesses chatted amongst themselves and completely ignored us. When a different friend suggested that we go back for starters before our reservation at Jaleo, I was hesitant. I am not a huge fan of supper clubs either and that played into my distaste for this place. When I am at dinner, I generally don't like having to scream across the table to talk to my friends. With that statement being said, I had a great time here. The DJ that night was spinning 90's R&B and I was hooked. When we got there, we were seated right away this time on the high top tables near the bar. The service was a little slow at the beginning, but all our needs were taken care of. The four of us ordered; shortrib agnolotti with kabucha, steak tartar, crispy shrimp with a spicy bisque, beef carpaccio, and the beet salad.Overall, the food is decent. The best item was the beet salad. It is not a knock to the other items, but the greens were just that good. I love beets and am glad to see them make an appearance on many menus nowadays. The agnolotti were also wonderful. The stuffed pasta was cooked to a perfect al dente. The sauce is reduced to caramel consistency and retained all the flavor of the beef. Out of the raw dishes, the carpaccio was better. The pesto tossed noodles on top was a splendid pairing. I've had better tartars on the Strip, so I would skip that next time. The bisque for the shrimp had a nice flavor to it and would be great for a cold day. Now, would this be my first choice for dinner? No, but I would not oppose returning.
4	Great atmosphere, super hip and modern. Love that they play 80s music. Makes it a fun experience. The staff is lively and full of energy, and very professional. Their menus is a bit simple, but the food is delicious! The filet and short ribs are my favorite:) Also, the pear and endive salad is very refreshing. I love this place!!
2	If I was just reviewing the quality of the food, I would say four stars...but the overall experience I had at STK was essentially ruined by extraordinarily poor service.Pacing was awful.  We waited 15 minutes to get water.  We waited another 10 minutes after order wine.  The time from the time our salad plates were taken away to the arrival of our entrees was pushing 45 minutes.  This was a Wednesday night at 9:30 p.m.  It was not busy.  I would never eat at STK on a weekend.  The other thing that I have to mention is that this is a reasonably large restaurant with a single, private bathroom for men and a single, private bathroom for women.  I don't know how that meets building codes--but if you go to STK and have to use the restroom, do yourself a favor and leave the restaurant.  There are large public bathrooms just across the hall.  You will save yourself time and frustration...and you'll be waiting forever for your food, so you might as well get in a little exercise.
5	Went here for the first time this past weekend. I loved it! The energy at the place is awesome. They play loud music in the restaurant which makes it fun and unlike any other restaurants I've been to. The cocktails were delicious and our server brought us shots of Peach Ciroc YUM! The food was great too! They serve warm bread with a green pesto oil sauce. I ate the creamy mashed potatoes, risotto and grilled ahi. The mashed potaotes were so rich and delicious. And I usually don't like risotto but, this one was so good!!! I couldn't stop eating it. Next time I go to Vegas I will definitely go back.
5	Now this is a VEGAS steak house!!!!!    The scene in her eis awsome, open seating with DJ's playing music... 2 bars!!!   YES!!!I went with a large party and we were seated in a timely manner.  The service was A+  Anything you needed or wanted to ask was handled.  Drinks and shots are spot on and delicious.  I ordered the rib eye with a side of a type of cream corn.  OUTSTANDING!!!If you wnat a great dinner, good atmosphere and actually leave an expensive restaurant feeling like you got more than your moneys worth...come here...   VEGAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	Went here with several associates at work.  I was not impressed at all.If I had to just rate the food, I would rate this a solid 4 Stars.  I ordered the Romaine Salad and a Braised Short Rib.  Well, they brought out the wrong salad.  Instead, I had a cottage cheese type of salad.  However, I have to say that the Braised Short Rib was EXCELLENT.  Let me say that again, the RIBS were EXCELLENT.  Just of note, Salad was $12, Ribs was $39 bucks, $10 for asparagas (?!!), and wine was another thing!  Ouch.Now, why I gave it a 2 stars.  For a fine dining restaurant, it was not an intimate nor refine setting.  Rather, it felt like a rock concert where the guests are SQUEEZED into as many tables as possible.  The seats were soo uncomfortable.  Shoot... we felt like sardines crunched into our dining seat.  To put this into perspective, imagine the table next to you, you would be literally be 2-3 inches away from their elbow.  Forget holding a conversation.  Many times, I just ended up yelling and screaming to try to communicate.  No wonder my waiter got my order wrong.  He could not hear me.   Overall, it was a bad experience.  Food was good, service was average, environment was the pits.  For a fine dining experience where it is over $100 a person to dine (meal and wine), nah, I look for something better.  Pass....
4	Pheeewww! this is one of my favorite steakhouse's in Vegas-GRANTED, I haven't tried many but this place rocks! I've been here a handful of times and it never fails to exceed my expectations. Almost everything on their menu is delicious. The ambiance is great. Definitely not cheap, but worth every dime. Only thing that sucks is parking. As most of us locals know, getting in/out of the Cosmo is a pain in the rear. Other than that, place rocks.P.S. Not kid friendly, in my opinion. Last time i was there table next to us had their escorts do a strip dance during dinner. :-/
2	50 dollar corkage and all the wine on the menu is sooooo marked up......beyond any restaurant I've ever seen.  I can't remember the last time a restaurant actually charged me a corkage.  C'mon man the music is cranking way to loud and I'm a music guy.  The food was pretty good and we had decent service.  Way too many choices in LV, I say pass on this one!
1	What this place is trying to be - hip. What it really is - overpriced and loud.Just because it's expensive (extremely) - doesn't mean it's good. Just because it's packed (with creepy wealthy checky outy old men) - doesn't mean it's hip.The best part was the bread covered with blue cheese. I had the ribeye, it was just okay. The mushroom pot pie, which had rave reviews, was too rich and not enough pie. Mashed potatoes were gross. My client had a $20 martini that was served with a bitchy attitude by a bartender with fake tits.Typical of Vegas smoke and mirrors bullshit. Came here only at a client's request because it was a business dinner. Dinner for two, (without apps and dessert) - more than $200!!!!!!! WTF!Thank goodness it's a write off and business expense.
3	The food was ok. Nothing special. The music was way too loud to carry on a conversation. Great place to take a date that you intend on strictly hooking up with.
4	STK is posh, pompous and pretentious. And perfect for the Cosmopolitan! I have been to the one in New York, ate an amazing meal and then transferred from my romantic table overlooking the river, to the bar on the roof top as the seemingly well mannered steakhouse transforms into a fantastic fun time for grownup night life! And this "restaurant is a rockin', if you have $$ please come-a-knockin" attitude fits in perfectly for Las Vegas as well as the delightfully raucous and refined Cosmo! Is it as good as NY? Nothing in LV ever is, but I will say, it comes close! The food is what you expect from an STK, expensive but worth it for a memorable night out. The music is loud and infectious. Half the people are eating, half are drinking and everyone feels like they are in the midst of a hell-of-a party!
4	NICE! Had a wonderful dinner at STK! The atmosphere was lively, the DJ was jammin' and the food was on point! Our server was awesome and very attentive the entire time. His recommendations for dinner were great - have the Mac-n-cheese and the spare ribs!!!! But be sure to make reservations if you plan on dining anytime after 8 p.m. This place seems to get packed by then on any night of the week.
4	Super interesting dining experience---- It was as if two worlds has collided-- a jersey shore nightclub and a good California steak house. It was incredibly loud but you are  dining at a nightclub--- what should one expect....The music is loud and its obvious that this is where one should go if they want to be scene ie; they have a photographer taking pictures of different tables/ groups around the venue. Music is a good mix of mashups and top 40. Service is really good-- no complaints. We ordered the beef tartare, carpaccio, and iceburg salad to start and then filets for dinner. The meat was delicious--- The pesto pasta with the carpaccio was amazing! I wouldn't recommend bringing a date to this place unless you are trying to get wild.....
3	I have eaten at many upscale steak houses because you pay extra for the care and concern that goes into the meal. I have eaten at the STK each trip to Vegas the last five trips. I was more than a little concerned this trip. The food was very good but I ordered my steak peppercorn crusted and after a couple of bites realized it wasn't. The waiter asked what I wanted to do about it. He said he could put it back on the broiler.  After I had eaten on it?  Lo and behold that is exactly what happened. The same steak came back with a mild apology.  At the end of the meal, I was surprised to not have the bill adjusted in any way or to even be offered a comp of dessert. Not sure I will return when I return next month to Vegas.  Lots of coetition in this field in Vegas makes it unlikely.
5	Amazing steaks.  Amazing service.  Yes loud, but not as bad as previous people wrote.  Club atmosphere but awesome everything makes up for it.  Steak was cooked perfectly.
5	We decided to celebrate our 4 Year Anniversary at STK last week after thoroughly enjoying our first experience there last year... and we were not disappointed. I have to say we had a wonderful experience. Not only was the food amazing but the service is what really stood out. Great food and and even better staff. Highly recommended.
3	We had 10:30 reservations on 3/30/13 for a party of 6. I checked in with the hostess at 10:15 to see if our table would be ready at 10:30. I informed her we were having drinks at the bar downstairs (Chandelier) and if they were running behind, we can stay there until the table was ready. She assured me the table would be ready at 10:30 but the entire party would have to be there. At 10:30 I checked with her again and she said it would be an additional 25 minute wait. We were not seated until well after 11pm. Standing in heels for over 45 minutes will put any girl in a bad mood! Our server was good, the food good, the bar scene vibrant. However, with so many options, I would make reservations elsewhere next time.
3	I would like to start out saying this is my not my first go-around at STK. A few months ago, my girlfriends and I were comped at STK. It was absolutely freethe first time I came here and I loved it. Although, it is hard to not love a free $700+ dinner with two magnum bottles of champange. This time however, I honestly wasnt as excited. The bartenders and wait staff are pleasent enough. The waiter promptly took our order and our appetizers came out quickly. As a table of 5 for a business type meeting, dinner went smoothly and dessert did as well. So what was the problem? 1. The music was absolutely rediculously loud. I am not a 50 year old granny who reguarly complains about volume; it litterly shook my beverage. It was impossible to carry on a conversation at all. Even the server appologized, claiming this particular DJ on 4-8-13 was twice as loud as thier normal DJ. Honestly, our table was texting back forth. 2. They had a few minor mishaps where the backserver gave us app plates when he was suppose to give us steak knives and champange glasses when we hadnt ordered champange. This was awkward because he had to remove the mishaps after placing them. It also took so long to get my after dinner drink that dessert was over and everyone was wating for me to finish. But hey, it isnt like he interupted a conversation! Food = Awesome! Service = DecentMusic = LOUDER THAN MOST NIGHTCLUBS
2	A mediocre restaurant with poor service staging as a nice steakhouse slash night club.I understand lounge music while dining, but having a DJ and the volume on full blast is just way too much.  When I'm at dinner, I like to be able to hear the people I'm sitting with.  It's ridiculous, even shouting my mother and I couldn't hear each other.  STK is a place "to be seen," however it wouldn't hurt them to lean more towards restaurant and focus less on trendy.  STK, are you for pregame drinking or are you for fine dining?Luckily, I suppose, we just stopped in for a snack at the lounge area.  It's situated so you sort of have to be on the couch next to strangers-- but that's okay.  When the cocktail came around, we ordered the hamachi sashimi and beef tartare.  The food took a little while to come out, but it was busy so thats okay too.  The music I can live with but the service was really why STK is 2 star to me.  The hamachi was good, nothing to rave about but still good.  Instead of receiving beef tartare we were given beef carpaccio so I let the waitress know, and she rudely said "Well you said carpaccio not tartare but did you want me to take it back?'  YIKES it's not my fault you can't hear me, the music is really loud!  She took it back and we were promptly delivered tuna tartare.  Closer, but still wrong- we let her know and she kind of just walked away.  When she came back (we hadn't touched it) she asked us if we wanted to keep it... confused if she meant keep that instead or keep that also, we just said no just the beef tartare please.  Finally the beef tartare came out from an apologetic busser and it was like the hamachi, good but not the best.  Everyone in the lounge seats next to us had that supposedly amazing bread that everyone keeps yelping about.  Is it complementary?  We never received any... was it because she found us to be difficult?  I also ordered a beet salad to go.  When it says that it comes with arugula, it means a few sprigs.  I would call it more of a side order roasted beets.I would try STK again because I feel like I need to try some steak and that amazing "complementary" bread, but are they open for lunch?  Because I could live without the DJ and that girls attitude.
4	Food is great, definitely too loud though.
2	Loved the ambiance, loved the music it wasn't too loud we could still carry a conversation. We came 5 girls for their monday night comped dinner + 1 drink, you just pay a tip of $15-20 each which of course is great. However most of the food were half cooked sliders w/ground beef and the salmon. It seems like everything was cooked in a rush. Not sure if it was because the dinner was comped but I wouldn't come back here again to pay full price for a meal.
4	Had reservations and got right in.  Very nice atmosphere.  Nice selection of fish,steak, chicken.  Everyone could be happy.  Really enjoyed the corn pudding.  Others raved about the mushroom pot pie appetizer.  I had the filet, outstanding.   The 80's music was also nice.  My only problem was the waiters.  Trying to talk with the person next to me and they kept moving plates...right between us, stopped our talk short on numerous occasions.  Very rude.  Maybe it comes with age.
4	are you freaking kidding me? Best F*ing steak I've had ever. (it was probably due to the slathering of Foie gras/butter on top). Sure it's expensive, sure it's extravant, sure they play house music during dinner...It's VEGAS people. Do it BIG or go home.
5	I would like to thank Michael for our incredibly mind blowing meal we received at the bar. We arrived at the bar to have a drink and maybe an app before we went to a lounge at another hotel. He promptly greeted us with a wine list and a smile. Unlike all the other Vegas bartenders who are too concerned about their eyebrows or their pending American Idol audition, Michael actually cared about which glass of wine we ordered and didn't try to convince us to get the over-oaked California cab du jour that the management was pushing. So we sat down and decided to get cozy.After perusing the menu for a minute, we told Michael to pick out some of his favorites. The secret is... the people that work there always know what's best. We're hungry. While we waited, Michael introduced us to some of the other bar staff and guests. While we ate yummy, warm blue cheese bread we talked to young, sexy people, listened to fun music and ordered more drinks. The food arrives. Carnivore heaven. The centerpiece was a bone-in ribeye, sliced to share. Side of bearnaise. Parmeasan fries. Spiced carrots? Who would have thought spiced carrots? Utterly, ridiculously good. Everything was SO good.  Only problem was that there wasn't MORE. No dessert, just more drinks. Come here if you like to have fun and have a good time. You just might like it. Michael and the bar staff were amazing, unforgettable. Thank you. Can't wait to come back.Cigarette please.
5	hip, cool atmosphere. great service. dj spinning 80's music. we went with a party of 4. everything we had from steak tartar to desert was very good. Highly recommend, but be warned this restaurant is loud from the music playing - so if you aren't in that party mood stay away. remember to make reservations on yelp or you may not be able to get in.
3	While in Vegas with some co-workers, we decided to eat dinner here. I ordered the filet, my boyfriend ordered the oysters, others at the table ordered the chicken and the seared ahi.  We also ordered the truffled mac and cheese, the spinach, bok choy and the parm truffle fries.  All of the sides were good, but the mac and cheese and the truffle fries were my favorite.  The bread is really good too. The biggest problem that we had was that we were sitting under a speaker, so there was no way to have any discussion during our meal. The music was very loud, it was like eating dinner in a nightclub. Our server seemed a bit impatient when waiting for our order, but our group was indecisive, and he just kept throwing ideas for what we should order out. Once we put our order in, we didnt see him again until it was time to pay.  If the service was better and they turned the music down, they would get a better rating.
4	The atmosphere is really hip and have DJ's sometimes. I have been here a couple of times and both times were enjoyable. I think the food and service are top notch. My husband and I actually came here on one of our first dates I was so impressed! It's a really fancy place. One of my girlfriends had her birthday dinner here and it was really fun I would recommend that to anyone that is in town for their bday or special occasion. Definitely give this place a shot, will not be disappointed.
5	Not much to say other than great food, great service but music is a little loud. I'm a touring audio engineer that loves shaking arenas but when I'm eating I don't want to shout.
2	I went to STK a couple weeks ago with a group of 6. I was not impressed at all. I probably will not return. There is nothing special about this place except for the fact that celebrities love it. If that is your thing, then you will like it. I have a hard time paying $900.00 for a meal that was below average and as soon as we were done, we were asked to leave because they needed the table and had over booked. WHAT?? Are you kidding me?There are so many good restaurants in Vegas. Everyone in my group had a steak sides and appetizers. There was nothing that stood out. It was very loud, they have a DJ playing really good dance music if you are into that. If you ask the water they will give you a CD of the DJ. The only plus to this dinner.I would recommend going somewhere else. Totally not worth the wait or the price.
4	If a friend/family member is in the mood for steak this is the place I will take them. I have never been disappointed with the dishes here. They use quality ingredients and everything is cooked to perfection. The service is great and also a fun environment. If you do not like loud music, club like environment, and are on a budget might want to  skip this place though. ;)
5	My wife and I had dinner here for a pre-anniversary dinner. I now wish I waited to have dinner on our anniversary. The atmosphere is amazing, we got there early once they opened at 5:30pm since we did not have a reservation. Our food was amazing. I had the 12oz strip steak, my wife had the 16oz sirloin with mac & cheese and creamed spinach as our sides. Our salads of king crab and blue iceberg were very tasted. I would highly recommend this place for a great dinner within a nice restaurant. Being inside The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas made the adventure even better. I highly recommend this place for a great dinner in a great place.
4	We stayed at "The Cosmopolitan" and figured we would try the restaurants out... I have dined at STK in NY which was great, and this was just as good!  I had the petit filet with peppercorn sauce (which is extra $) not a big fan of toppings & sauces being extra when your already paying $35 for a steak but what are you going to do?  Its Vegas!  My husband had the ribeye which was good - We also had the endive salad which was in my opinion way too heavy on the blue cheese but still good.  The Mushroom pot pie was good and the corn pudding was my favorite.  Try it out :)
4	Had a great night, a very, very  tasty filet and at a cost that's less than what I find at my favourite steak place in Chicago - what's not to like?
5	Great Vibe and food. Every time I have gone there the service was great and there is plenty of hot girls around
5	I went here 3 weeks ago and I must say that I had the best steak so far. Everything was good, the steak n the Yukon mashed potatoes were very good. Nothing needed seasoned or salted. The service was awesome. The waiter was very helpful with helping choice a good selection and was very patient with me. Aw they also have a live Dj which was very different from your typical steak house. I will def be returning.
4	STK was amazing. Great dinner spot, especially if you're staying at The Cosmopolitan, but even if you're not. Expensive, but my friends and I went into it knowing that so we were totally fine with it. We actually ended up splitting some steaks, a salad, an appetizer, and some sides, which worked out perfectly. The steaks were delicious and so were the dipping sauces. The blue iceberg salad was surprisingly delicious for a a salad that I thought would be average. As for sides, I really enjoyed the mac and cheese and parmesan truffle fries. STK also has some pretty cool (expensive) cocktails. Our waiter was a little douchey, but ultimately, he was nice and helpful. I absolutely loved the atmosphere at STK. Specifically, I loved the dim lighting and the bumpin' music.
3	Dinner on 5/11/13 for seven.  We were seated in the front area (near the bar) even with a reservation made 3 weeks ago - CRAMPED is an understatement! The food itself was pretty good - was it the best steak (10oz filet) I ever had - no, but definitely decent.  It was a Saturday night, and the DJ had this 80s/90s thing going on, so it was fun reminiscing down memory lane.  A lot of the folks in our general vicinity were singing along and having a good time, including us.  Service was excellent, the waiters are quirky - they try to be your "pal" as well as serve you.All in all, it was a fun night with decent food.  We were glad when a table near us cleared out so we could actually gain an additional 12" of space.  Little did I know I was being prepared for my Spirit Air flight back home on Sunday!
5	Seafood platter, romaine and parm salad, filet and lobster, mac n cheese, asaparagus, brocolli, spinach, mashed potatos, corn, french fries, sorbet, and cake. I think that was most of my meal. Killer!
1	I had heard so many great things about this restaurant and was excited to go. I was extremely disappointed. I agree with some of the other reviews on being cramped. When the waiter spoke to the table next to us, his rear end was resting on my shoulder. Very awkward! The food was terrible. We ordered the bone in filet, it was like beef Jerky! It was stringy on the outside and raw in the middle. The sides we ordered were cold as well. They rushed us through our dinner, served us and had check in hand in 30 minutes. Gave us our $175.00 bottle of wine in solo cups to go. Ummm... Not impressed. We did not bother to complain because we will never be back.
3	Hostess' are lame when it comes to seating, so just tell them were you would like to sit before you get moving to your table. Every server I have had here has been awesome, and they don't card you if you come with a middle aged man with a black AmEx :D
4	Great Steak, Oysters, Mac and Cheese, ambiance.  Service was good but not great.  Restroom situation is pita. Single rooms with lines.
3	The setting is wonderful, great music (a little too loud), and friendly staff. I felt that dinner went a little too quickly...party of 8 on a Saturday night having a 3 course meal in less than an hour, probably not a good thing. Steaks are good/average, the sides are fabulous, and the drinks are pretty pricey!
4	It was overall an enjoyable experience. We were a party of three and we were able to squeeze in reservations on a Sunday. I was surprised about the young and vibrant guests. A group of women next to us were literally dancing to the music in their seats. It was overall a fun crowd of people. Not what I expected from a steakhouse, but hey it's the Cosmo right? Service was prompt, the bus boy could have been more attentive to clearing plates, but the food was enjoyable-seabass special, oscar ribeye, roasted chicken, pickled prawns. I would return just for the bread itself-drizzled with warm blue cheese butter whaatt??
3	Meh. I was really wanting to love this place seeing how lavish it is. Overall the ambience is great and very cool vibe... However the food was just "ok".When you pay over $50 for a steak... I want it to be the best steak I've ever had. Unfortunately it was good - but not knock your socks off... call home to mom... omg foodgasm good.I'm glad I went. I came... I saw... I ate... and I don't think I'd return.
5	On the recommendation from a friend, I went here a few years ago and a few more times since. I must say, I love this atmosphere compared to other fancy steakhouses I've been to because of the loud music and club like atmostphere. Some may not like that because they want to enjoy their dinner in peace, but I think it adds to the fun of being in Las Vegas, especially if you're eating with a big group of friends. They play a lot of 80's/90's music remixed to dance beats. Sometimes the entire restaurant sings along to the songs.Their steak ranks as some of the best steaks I've ever had, very tender and full of flavor. I always get my steak with foie gras on top. Their sides are all very good. My favorites are the mushroom pot pie, mac & cheese, cream spinach and creamy yukon potatoes. If you're lucky, you'll see celebrities from time to time dining here since a lot of them do come here to eat. My last visit, we sat next to B-Real and the rest of Cypress Hill.
3	The ambiance here is very chic and cool, they were playing all my old school favorites.  The service was also quick, helpful, and pleasant.  You would expect that in a fancy restaurant.  It was pretty busy in there too for a weekday.   We came here for a friend's bday that wanted to check this place out.  The bread, was pretty darn delicious.  It came as pull apart bread, with melted blue cheese atop and you dip it in the olive oil/chives (I think) sauce.  It was so good we had 2 servings.  Entree: I'm at a steak house so I ordered myself a bone in rib eye steak topped with foie gras butter at medium rare.  It was 20oz, and it was good.  It was priced at $56.  Was it all worth me coming back, eeeehhh.  Las Vegas has a lot of options, but still yes it is worth a try to compare.  Our table ordered a whole bunch of sides and the favorite seemed to be the sweet corn pudding and the mushroom pie.  We also paired it with a bottle of red wine to share.If you are looking to splurge, sure, why not.  Would I come back, omg, not after I saw the bill.
3	I have mixed feelings about my first proper dining experience at STK.  Went here last night with a large group... I had the ribeye and thought it was good, but it didn't blow me away.  From the sounds of everyone else, they enjoyed their food a lot more than I did.  The house bread was great, I tried a salad that was very good, but the steak itself just wasn't anything to write home about.On top of that, the restaurant had a club-like atmosphere with a DJ spinning some pretty good tracks, people were dancing, and I even saw sparklers when someone bought a bottle.  I gotta say it's weird when you're trying to eat a meal and talk to your friends to be yelling.  That said, this would be a great spot to go to if you were looking to party with your friends but didn't want the crowds and super overpriced drinks of a club.Probably won't be back anytime soon, but I don't think I'm STK's target market.
5	Not only does this place rock the steak, but it is a semi nightclub full of great people-watching, dancing and drinking. The customer service is impeccable and everyone is so friendly.  I was a big fan of lil brgrs and the $20.00 cost won't bust your wallet if you are saving for drinks.  Also be sure to try the tuna sashimi and hearts of palm salad. Don't forget to bring extra cash for the bathroom attendants! ;)
5	Awesome bar scene, great vibe, terrific food and lively crowd.  Great place for a event dinner, or to warm up for a big night.
2	I went on my birthday and had a shitty experience not worth all the money spent to have a good time.
5	I don't even know where to begin. Everything about this restaurant was AWESOME! I ordered the lamb chops- they were cooked perfectly and were finger licking good. We had a variety of sides, including rice pudding and asparagus...I wanted to lick the bottom of the bowl- but that would have been classless and common. My companion had a porterhouse steak and refused to leave the table until the entire steak was devoured...what an epic fail that was! We definitely left with doggie bags, and attempted to solicit a wheel barrel or two.It's extremely pricey! So be prepared to spend on average about $60 p/p without factoring in adult beverages. The sides are served family style, but it's a stretch to feed more than 2-3 ppl from the smalll side portions. This restaurant is located inside of the beautiful Cosmopolitan Hotel. After dinner, we had a full on photoshoot in the lobby in the Vintage telephone booth. Love love  love!
3	A few disappointments. We had to send back a steak because it was overcooked. Ordered asparagus and got string beans instead. I got the bone in rib eye with fois gras. Very good. The cream corn was excellent. Also the beef carpaccio was very good. There were 7 of us this night and most thought it was great. The house bread was a big hit with those that tried it. They have a great sound system with a DJ spinning good stuff but for dinner a bit too loud IMHO. Our waiter though ok just lacked the finesse you would expect at a fine dinning establishment.
5	Let it be known with a gasp, that some people do exist in this world that (1) don't listen to house music and (2) have no desire to be in a packed club.  There is no "unce, unce, unce" here!  They play all popular songs and the dj's take requests.  Yep, the entire restaurant sang (at the top of their lungs) to Bon Jovi's, "Livin' on a Prayer!"  We had a soul train waiting in line for the bathroom and I did the "dougie" with both tables on either side of me while ordering!  Hands down, thee funnest steakhouse in Las Vegas.  And yes, the ribeye and mac/cheese were fantastic.
2	My parents who live in NY wanted to treat me to a birthday dinner while I was in Vegas celebrating so they put their credit card on file....the waiter who knew this information was trying to shove every menu item and every type of alcoholic drink known to mankind down my throat and kept reminding me that my parents were paying for dinner which pissed me off so much. Not very classy STK. The waiter recommended the 20 oz steak, I don't eat steak that often (only on special occasions) so I don't know how big these things are and I'm a tiny girl so when I saw that steak come out I'm like are you serious? Do you see how tiny I am, I can't eat that whole thing! It was too fatty for my liking and I also got the foie gras on top which was delicious but with a 20 oz fatty steak too it was just overwhelming. I was also severely disappointed in the fact that when I got there for my dinner reservation at 6:30 there was NO MUSIC.....I wanted to go to this place because of how lively I heard it was and there was NO MUSIC...is this "not your daddys steak house only between hours 10-close?" I don't understand. The bleu cheese bread tasted like popcorn to me..don't ask me why or how just next time you try it think of popcorn before you eat it and i guarantee you'll see what I'm talking about. The $20 tuna tartare appetizer was so tiny that my boyfriend and I had one bite each and we were done...for that price I was expecting way more tuna. Not impressed with the character of the wait staff (or atleast the particularly slimy fellow I had the displeasure of dealing with) or the lack of atmosphere which this place is supposedly all about. All in all a disappointing experience.
4	Love having special occasions here. The decor is stunning and sexy... perfect for vegas.If you have a large group of people, get a private room, with sexy tuffeted walls.Make sure to add truffle butter to your steak!!!!!!Just about everything on the menu is good!
5	Amazing food, phenomenal service (Isaac was our host for the evening), classy ambiance, great music and just a wonderful experience overall.
4	Never been to STK, but after my experience I am DEF a fan. The filet mignon was off amazing! And yes it was a bit pricy, but not opposed to other fine dining restaurants in Las Vegas
2	We had a group work dinner so it was a pre fix menu so it's hard to judge but the food was just so-so.  The steak was SO salty.
3	Steak was well prepared but sides were just ok. Service was average. Tables are cramped close together with little privacy.
5	Open your heart to me, babyI hold the lock and you hold the keyOpen your heart to me, darlin'I'll give you love if you, you turn the key at...STK! - Michelle Chamuel (open your heart cover)Not only do I get to cross this place off my list of steak houses, but it was also the last place at the Cosmo that I wanted to try but haven't yet already. Check check! The music here is loud, so get ready to stay in the party atmosphere!We started off with the shellfish platter which included oysters, pickled shrimp, alaskan king crab, and a huge lobster claw...all of which were very good. It also came with this green dipping sauce (lime?) that was out of this world.I ordered the bone-in filet steak - medium rare - topped off with foie gras (VEGAS BABY) and asparagus on the side. It was delicious. She ordered the special sea bass not on the menu that came with these REALLY good mushrooms. I'm a huge fan of mushrooms and this was just fantastic - omg all day every day. Oh, and the fish was well done too hahaThe bread crumb dessert combined with a lemondrop martini and smooth scotch on the side made this one heck of an evening to celebrate. The STK in LA is more well known, but I like this place just the way it is.
4	FINALLY I make it to STK in Vegas. I have kept planning on going to this restaurants but honestly ended up at Mastros a good dozen times so far. I came with a triple bachelorette party (12 girls total) and made a reservations one month in advance for our big group. Our reservations were @ 10pm, we came a bit early since we were staying @ the cosmo but they didn't take us back until about 10:20pm. It was fine, some girls were restless (us small girls get hungry!) We had a nice big booth in the back that fit the 12 of us. The booth beside us had 6 guys, who nicely sent over $500 of booze to our table (whomever ya'll are we greatly appreciated that!). The food and portions were lovely and everything tasted great! Our server was very nice and kindly took his time with our orders and serving our table. We all loved the music! So many great old school classics! Definitely can't wait to take my fiance here, he would love it!Great restaurant, small or big groups welcome!
3	ambience is good steaks ok.. had better
3	The atmosphere and the crowd is better than the food and the food isn't bad by any means.  When the waitresses come out with sparklers and shots for the whole restaurant you know you're in Vegas.P.S. the shots were disgusting.When the waiter talks about the special 4 oz Wagyu NY strip but fails to mention its $38 an ounce and you order 24 ounces without anybody complaining about the bill you know you're in Vegas. P.S. the steak was amazing.When there is a table of 1 very attractive black chick, Asian chick and white chick eating nothing the whole time you're there but sitting in a prime middle booth waiting for customers you know you're in Vegas.P.S. they were hookers.P.S. the pop over is great.  The appetizers are just ok and overpriced.
4	Went there last night with a big group after a day of conference. We had a great time. I shared the cowboy steak and the porter house steak with some friends. I like much better the cowboy steak which was perfectly cooked medium rare with a very nice crust. Service was good as well. All my group had a great time and enjoyed their food.
5	We had one of the most fun dining experiences here last Saturday night.  We were celebrating my friend's Bachelorette and dinner at STK just kept the party going for us.STK is definitely NOT a quiet steakhouse.  It is a straight up PARTY!  We waited in the bar area while our table for 7 was getting set up.  We had a couple drinks and within 3 tracks I was in love with the DJ.  Yes, a DJ, spinning in a round booth smack dab in the middle of the restaurant.  After about 10 minutes a hostess seated us at our booth.  Not long after our waiter Martin came by.  When Martin was explaining the days specials I literally stopped him as JAY Z starting pumping through the speakers and I belted out to him while waving my hands up and down... "TURN MY MUSIC Hi-Hi-Hi-Hi-GHER!!"  It was epic... but you had to be there!  We all had a chuckle and proceeded to order.Some of the tasty craft cocktails we had throughout our meal were the Cucumber Stiletto, the Lemoncello & raspberry martini, a Champagne with hibiscus flower in it, and Iced Tea Cocktail.A wonderful warm bread was brought out to the table.  It was soft and warm and yummo.  It had a light dipping sauce with it. Soon after our starters came out.  The Heirloom tomato and Burrata with pesto was good and i was very surprised at how good the Crab and Avocado salad was.  I was not even thinking of ordering it but I'm glad we did.  It was reminiscent of a spring roll almost.  It was fresh and wonderful.  I wish we got two.Our main courses came out and mine was the crowd favorite.  I got the short rib and it was lovely.  There were a couple orders of the sea bass,  a filet, and the tuna tartar.  I LOVE sides... see my "last meal" in the about me section.   STK's side dishes were delicious.  We shared the corn pudding, mushroom pot pie, the fries, green beans, and mac n cheese. We had a really fun experience here, somewhere along the ride, "SHOTS!" was played by the DJ and servers were coming out with trays full of shots of alcohol and handed them out to our table among others.  There was also an older white guy that was getting DOWN on the couches.  He literally hoped up on his booth and table and was rocking out to "Play that funky music"Super Fun, Super Pricey, but it's Vegas Baby.... "You're so money and you don't even know it!"
4	Overall good experience at STK Las Vegas. 5 star food without a doubt. The blue cheese butter bread was amazing, and the best filet mignon I've had - cooked to perfection. Variety of sides that did justice too, highly recommend the parmesan truffle fries and mac&cheese. Have to deduct 1 star for the service. Hostess was vert friendly but the waiter not so much. Our reservation was quite early and the restaurant was fairly empty yet the waiter struggled to put on a smile and with every question/recommendation we asked, it seemed like we were an annoyance. Regardless, the most disappointing part was that I booked this reservation way in advance informing the restaurant that I was celebrating an anniversary. I was expecting some sort of acknowledgement in the form of a dessert (like pictures in other reviews for birthdays, etc.), but nothing! It was evident that the restaurant was not going to do anything and I knew this was the case when we were asked if we had room for dessert.Overall, I'd come back to STK again, however would be interested in trying other steakhouses and restaurants on the strip. Great food and menu, but service sub par.
5	Unbelievable. Start to finish. I love steakhouses but this was amazing. The service was impeccable (Amy was our server), Lauren was the manager and everyone else was just fabulous. We had the porterhouse. Sooooo good. The ravioli special to start. And as an aside, the DJ was fabulous!!  Can't wait to go back.
5	Amazing food and atmosphere and serviceBut very expensive there is a tapa Mexican food the same areawith STK which has very good food but tiny portions and amazinglyexpensive, all the restaurant in cosmopolitan are Extra extra expensive but good quality and service
4	one of the best streaks I ever ate! get the filet with the truffle butter..you will not be sorry. waiter was a little pretentious but attentive. the bread you get with the meal  with the oil is insane good!! expensive but what in Vegas isn't!!
2	You are definitely paying for the atmosphere, and not the food. The place is very much a scene, but they don't deliver on the food.we started with the foie gras french toast which was pretty good. i had the NY Strip which i ordered medium rare, it came out med+.  no biggie, if the steak is good, it will stand up to being overcooked.  now i said 'if' and this one did not qualify.  It was under seasoned and really lacked any intense beef flavor.  I'm assuming that at the prices they charge, that the beef was dry aged, but it really didn't taste like it had been.  very lame for a $50 steak.the wine list was horrifically overpriced, even by vegas standards. we had a bottle of Justin Cabernet which is about $25 retail...it was $100.  4x retail is just absurd.Basically, go if you are into the scene and the ambiance and don't mind overpaying for a sub par meal.  If you are looking for a great steak, there are a ton of other options!
3	To start, we love-love-loved the atmosphere and vibe of this place. Worth the money just for the atmosphere alone. The food was also pretty good and our group of 4 had a great time. The only thing, which causes me to only give 3 stars, is that our waiter (James) was lackluster: no personality, asked us questions and didn't wait for a response before walking away from the table, reluctantly let us order another round of drinks when our meal ended, and just overall (we felt) rude. We will go back, but hopefully we will have a more personable experience!
2	For a fancy dining experience/steak house, particularly one in a nice hotel like the Cosmo, I would have expected better.My buddies and I came here because I had $500 dining credits (you know, being the big casino donators we are), and was left feeling less than satisfied on many fronts.  First, the place was loud and dark, and frankly, pretentious.  Secondly, the food took quite some time to come out and when it did, let's just say I've had better Rib Eye at most other steak houses I've been to.  Really nothing much to rave about here.What really got me upset was the service and how they screwed that up royally.  Since the meal was covered with casino dining credits, I tipped out of my own pocket.  $100 for a $500 meal seems reasonable.. until I realized I was charged $200.  When I called the STK to correct this and provided my receipt as proof, apparently I was told this error in credit card billing has happened before and they can't do much about it.  After a few days of dealing with the manager who's quite hard to get a hold of, I finally just said screw it and left it with my credit card to deal with.  With many other steak houses available on the strip, I don't anticipate coming back here anytime soon.
4	STK really split opinions among my group. There were 10 of us, 8 had steak and 5 thought the steak was overcooked. The two who did not have steak thought the meal was good, not great. And the remaining 3 who did not get overcooked steak, had a great, great meal.The appetizers and salads were nothing to write home about and I would honestly suggest skipping them. They fill you up, cost more than they should (seriously, it shouldn't cost $15+ to simply cut a head of lettuce in half, that's crazy).I got the skirt steak which was fantastic. It was a LOT of steak, when it comes out and you see those two lengthy strips lying next to each other you think you'll never finish that much steak. But, I have to say, mine was just soooo damn good. Full of flavor, cooked well and after each bite I found myself savoring for the next one. I would definitely go back just for the skirt steak. The sides we got were fine, mac and cheese probably the best of them, but simply what you'd expect.We didn't get dessert, opting for some shots instead. The shots were watered down which was honestly totally unnecessary and disappointing.I rarely do this, but I have to say, the atmosphere at STK is simply incredible. Really sets the mood for the rest of the night. It's on the darker side, not high ceiling, interesting wall/table/seat designs. I'd say it has the best atmosphere of the Vegas steakhouses.
5	STK is not your typical steakhouse!  Loved the music and the ambiance.  My group was singing along and curbing our urge to chair dance in our seats.  So 5 stars for atmosphere alone.  Food I would give a 4.  I've had better steaks in Vegas but my filet was cooked as I ordered and all the sides ordered for the table were good.  Nothing particular stood out for me for the main courses.  For desserts the donuts with the different dipping sauces were amazing and that I would order again.  Service was top notch but for this price point I would expect it to be.
2	1st of all, there is a DJ in the middle of the restaurant, which makes conversation close to impossible.  Waitress was rushing us from the start.  Table of  6 and really no one was particularly thrilled.  the only saving grace was the meal was being expensed.  One steak was overcooked.  Other two steaks were aggressively overpowered by toppings.  Two of us had lamb chops, which  good- not great.  One person had the vegetarian plate and was disappointed.  The sides were decent.   Too loud, too much rushing, food was just mediocre-- overpriced for quality.  There are much better steak places in Vegas.  I would skip this one.
4	Wow, I can't believe this place got 3 and a half stars. 5 stars for food and ambiance. If you like a busy restaurant/nightclub feel for a restaurant. It's hip, trendy, and delicious. Often times they have a live DJ. A little loud, definitely a place you bring your kid. Maybe I was too distracted by the music and atmosphere to notice the service but I have been there many I LOVE the bread, some of the best bread I've ever had, served in a cast iron skillet and it makes my mouth water thinking about this, with the chive oil dipping sauce too, omg. Skirt steak is good. Foie gras, is some of the best I've ever had. The pies I think there is chicken and mushroom are both good but on the rich side. Creamed corn is incredible! Yum, mashed potatoes are good.On a side note I came back recently and it's really loud in there, but I like that they have a DJ also the steak and lobster was OK, not that great. The sides and small dishes are better. I wouldn't recommend the entrees here. Foie Gras best I've ever had.
3	We had a great time at STK!Service was fantastic! We were greeted and seated right away without any trouble! Kiiiiind of expensive as my meal alone was about $130 (for an 7oz a la carte filet mignon that was overcooked) a glass of $20 Malbec sides are like $12 a pop and then factoring in (an awesome, well deserved) tip. I don't mind dropping the dough for a nice meal (trust me, it's my bf's biggest pet peeve- ha!) I've definitely had better but, we really had a nice evening.Great music and we had the best server. I wish I could remember his name!! It was something regal like he should be wearing an ascot, monocle, and smoking jacket at all times. I'm pretty sure it started with a "W".
5	Love this place u can eat and club all at the same time. And the food omg it's great I would go back here anytime!! I even love the decor it's a cool place.
4	A lot of show and see and be seen here, but good enough food. Groovy black circular geometric interior; be sure and have your children dress you and be careful in those FM heels.Our group of three had an excellent small fillet, good double lambchops and good pork chops. The Corn soufle is sweet but interesting, and the other sides were all good. Some interesting small appetizers like steak or tuna tartar. Had a delicious bread pudding and small ice cream cone fest for desert that was excellent. Not so impressed with the wines by the glass at around $15-17 but some really decent bottles like an unfiltered Newton Merlot. They will let you taste the by the glass, we didn't like them, a bottle was a better deal imo and we went with the Newton.We didn't feel rushed but this is a busy place, not quiet. Service was attentive and just short of too much.  I can best contrast it with the equally pricey but better meal we had at Aureole with a much larger menu including an excellent fixe price menu and a MUCH larger and superior wine menu, significantly cheaper than STK's wine list with a little hunting. Stunningly more quiet and private, just like The Strip versus the SouthEnd. You can't hear anything at STK but people talking over the music that you also can't hear. Go here if you want to be seen.
5	STK is hands down THE best steakhouse I've been to.  I've been about 3 times within the past year and each time I go the experience is great and the steak is phenomenal.  It's better than Ruth's Chris, Capital Grille, Bourbon Steak, BLT Steak, Ray's the Steaks, Charlie Palmer (yes, there are a lot of steak places in DC).I'm a bone-in ribeye type girl and won't hesitate to ask for the fattiest cut every single time.  STK gets it right every time.  The last time I was there I even added bacon butter to my ribeye.  Yum.Ambiance is great.  Most of the tables are half booths with spacious chairs on one side of the table.  Plenty of room for everyone.  Decor is as you would expect...dark wood but this place is very modern.The only thing that would've made me happier would be to have more grass-fed steak options.Definitely make a reservation.
5	This is my favorite steakhouse on the strip, it has a great atmosphere (dj and crowd) the steaks are reasonably priced and since its in the cosmo there is always a lot of eye candy walking around!
2	The Place is Nice,the Music is Fantastic,BUT the Food is OK not good just OKAY.I was really Surprised when I ordered my 20oz Steak and it came with the same Flavor from a small Restaurant at the Corner, the Only difference  that the Bill Was hugeeee for 4 Persons for a Service and taste of food like that.
5	This place was AWESOME! we had a price fixed menu and everything was delicious and the service was great.  The blue cheese bread was so good we had to continually ask the waiter for more.  I had sea bass with macaroni and cheese and creamed spinach and I have no complaints.  The dessert was the best part.  We had dessert shots, mini gelato cones, peanut butter cheesecake and strawberry parfaits for the whole table to share.  I ate two of the mini gelatos and wished I could have eaten more.  The atmosphere was also great.  Very contemporary with great music.  Definitely a must see in Vegas.
3	I've been to several STKs, and they are all decent places. Good service and a good selection. I would say they try a bit too hard to be a unique steakhouse. The execution of the food is decent, but the drink selection is very good, including a large wine list. In this particular meal we got apps and drinks and the service was good overall. Nothing was necessarily bad, but nothing was stand out.
4	HOLY CRAP WHAT A STEAK/EXPERIENCE. First off, there should be a disclaimer that this is NOT like the West Hollywood location... other than the fantastic steaks. This is a lounge/club that serves steak. The music is club level loud and never stops. If you're in the mood (which I was) it's great. As we waiting for my table we drank and danced. But, you can't really have a conversation, so if you're looking for initmate, avoid at all costs. If you're looking to warm-up before the club, this is perfect. Slash if you are going to be lazy and not go out at all, this is even more perfect! I get to party sitting down and east maple glazed carrots? MMMM. YES PLEASE.
4	We ordered the ribeye and the short rib. Steak cooked to perfection! Melt in your mouth short rib. I'm still thinking about 3 days later!!! Our waiter was great!! Only negative....we were there before the dj started playing.
5	Had the pleasure of eating here last week.  The food was excellent.  A great pregame stop before the club.  Got to meet Lauren the manager.  She was Great!  Checked on my table a few times.  I would highly recommend STK.
4	It's alright!!! Service is excellent though!!!!
5	Fantastic food! Amazing staff! This is truly my new favorite restaurant in Vegas!!!
4	An atypical steak house. We had reservations for dinner and they were running about 45 min behind... No big deal because we went to the bar. However, the entire place was very loud and had thumping music like a dance club so conversations were impossible. I liked the atmosphere but unexpected for what we thought would be a nice dinner. The food was excellent, loved the fillet and side dishes. My beet salad was just ok but beautiful presentation.  All four of us were happy with the food but not expecting the noise. I thought the prices were reasonable except for wine.... Big reds were about $35 a glass. Service was pretty good too. I would recommend this place if  you love steak, but beware the noise level.
2	FOOD POISONING!!!! Had oysters, beef tartare, and tuna tartare for appetizers! 12 hours of excruciating vomiting from both ends of my body. Plus our server kept touching my arms and shoulders and sat down at the table every time he stopped by. If you want to have a conversation forget it, the DJ plays way too loud to hear anything. Stay away!!!!
5	WOW!  Best steak house in Las Vegas.  The ambience is unlike any other steakhouse in Vegas.  First the crowd is a great mix of young adults or older "cougars."  The restaurant is bumping with an amazing DJ and it is not unusual for diners to start dancing around tables and on top of chairs during dinner!  As for the food, AMAZING.  Bone in rib eye is a must..and since I live in California..the best part is you can top add a nice piece of foie gras on top of your steak...along with some truffle butter if you really want to splurge!  Also get the lobster risotto with white truffle shavings while you can for a side!  Corn pudding is amazing here too.  For dessert, captain crunch bread pudding!! what more can you ask for!! Bravo..don't visit any other steakhouse on the strip!!
5	My wife and I love going to STK when we visit Vegas. It has good food and a fun atmosphere to get the night started.
5	What an experience. My wife and I were there over the weekend getting a little R&R  Vegas style! We had dinner at STK, the dinner was amazing we had foie gras, which was amazing it was served with a petite waffle drizzled with a blueberry reduction, then we split the Colorado rack of lamb which was cooked perfectly! The Colorado lamb has just the amount of fat, lam from Australia and New Zealand are way too gammy for my taste. We finished it all with warm bread pudding! The environment is young and very cool. We are in are mid thirties and we felt a little on the "older end" of the crowd. There is a DJ spinning in the middle of the restaurant, which is cool. We will definitely go back again.
5	What more can I say but our server, Jax, was the best ever. Tara and Griffin behind the bar were OUTSTANDING.  The DJ's are wonderful, and the food is the best in Vegas. It was do good, I ate here three times in 5 days and cannot wait to come back!
4	Nouveau riche 20 or 30 something or just wanna be a baller for a night?  STK has all the tools needed to make it happen.  An excess of foie, truffles, and caviar to golden bottles of Armand de Brignac Ace of Spades champagne; heck, there's even a live DJ to negate conversation (except for yelling or hand gestures) giving the excuse to text or checkup on one's social network fame.Oh, the food is good.Starters are upend takes on classics. The beef tartare packs a flavor punch, mixed with black truffle and served with peppery, sliced, crisp radish and a sweet and earthy soy caramel.  The flavors blend well.The foie, indulgent.  Large slice, pan seared, served with almond brioche French toast and a sweet, woodsy, sherry gastrique brightened by tart apples.Finally, one of the most decadent sliders (lil' BRGRs); American wagyu burger topped with foie and black truffles.  Pure decadence.  I'll leave the flavor to your imagination.Good selection of steaks in different sizes and cuts.  Servers claim the beef is USDA prime.  Seems correct.  Good texture, marbling, well trimmed, good sear and properly cooked to temperature.  The Bone in rib steak, bone in fillet, and porterhouse excellent.  There is a selection Wagyu cuts.  Never tried them since their country of origin unknown.  Maybe the word "Wagyu" is baller enough?Do not pass on the foie or truffle butter.  Both add a great flavor boost.  Tuck the compound butters under the steak so the heat releases the aromas trapped within.  Excellent.  Add a slab of foie and / or shaved truffles to kick up the flavors even more and increase the baller status.Steakhouse standard sides.  All meant to be shared.Very good wine list.  Passable service (it's difficult to communicate with the servers thanks to the music).Simply put, it's Vegas baby.
5	This was my 3rd time at STK and I remembered why I love it so much.  It's not only the food, its the atmosphere.  The DJ was one of the best DJs I've heard anywhere in a very long time (hilarious that it was... in a restaurant).  Did a wonderful job of appeasing people of all ages.  Anyways, service was excellent, wine was VERY good, and the food is always delicious.  Had a filet, mashed potatoes and spinach. Friend got the mac and cheese which was soooo much better than my spinach.  Make a reservation for sure and if you're trying to eat around prime dinner hour, be prepared to wait (even with a reservation).  If you're not up for super loud music and a party atmosphere, go earlier in the night. If you're down to get down, then go late night and have a good time!!I'll definitely be back next time Im in Vegas.
4	I came here during restaurant week with friends. I have say I wasn't impressed by restaurant menu items my husband got. However, I loved the food I ordered from a la carte. My husband had seared tuna from restaurant week menu. It tasted good but over priced. I had foie gras French toast and lamb chop. They both were prepared perfectly. Lamb chop was really tender, juicy and flavorful. I asked for medium rare, and it came out the way I wanted exactly. I had gelato trio for dessert. I really liked the way chef presented it. It was like gelato bridge. Atmosphere here is very trendy and not too dim. STK is just another restaurant I love at cosmopolitan!
1	Apparently we went at a bad time. I had heard this place was the best but we could only get in at 530. The service was terrible. Our waitress didnt smile once or ask how we were. It was straight cut to the chase, no friendly service at all. The food was great, no complaints but i felt uncomfortable and unwelcome because of the waitress. On our way out the door there were 4 hostesses standing at the front and they stared at us as we left, not one said good bye. Horribly stuck up staff, even though the food was great, my husband and I will never be back. We are well dressed and always tip at least 20%. We were treated like we were not welcome and the staff seemed miserable.
4	STK is a name brand, which does not disappoint the steak connoisseur. Our party of five enjoyed top class dinner and meat prepared to perfection. The only point of improvement would be a better choice of side dishes. But then again it's a steak house and not a vegie cafe. STK is stylish decorated and the environment makes it easy to converse with your friends. As the hours progress you find a life DJ spinning up some tunes. Yummy and fun!
4	Such a great and fun restaurant. The food is excellent and the atmosphere is upbeat. A DJ plays music in the middle of the place. The only bad thing is there is only one bathroom so you have to wait in a LONG line.
3	Decent food, great environment and location. Pretty much what you would expect.
5	Not your typical steakhouse, STK more like a swanky nightclub that serves delicious steaks!Come hear for a lively evening of perfectly cooked meat and delicious cocktails before painting the town red.
5	Based on the reviews, I didn't quite know what to make of STK.  I was afraid it would be a little too trendy, maybe some "you're not cool enough to eat here" attitude.  But the food was fantastic, the service couldn't be better, and not even a hint of 'tude.Even the bread basket was a treat.  I normally don't like to fill up on bread before the meal, even if it's really good bread.  They brought out just the right amount - enough to take the edge off your hunger pangs without filling you up.  Their take on the bread basket was brioche with blue cheese butter melted on top, served with chive olive oil.  The blue cheese butter was subtle and mild, and the chive olive oil was just delicious.  For an appetizer, we both got the foie gras waffle - seared foie, huckleberries, herb butter & a waffle.  It's a creative combination that turned out to be amazingly delicious.  I get seared foie gras almost anywhere it's served, and this version might be the yummiest I've ever had.The steak was first rate.  We got the porterhouse and flank steaks, both with foie gras butter.  Both cuts were done just right, and the foie gras butter made for a sinfully rich complement.  I got the asparagus for a side.  What I like about STK is they put a twist on all the steakhouse classics, without being pretentious about it.  Instead of the usual straight hollandaise, they make an orange-japaleno version, and it worked!  For dessert I had the frozen zabaglione, which was basically a semi-frozen eggnog since you couldn't taste any marsala wine (which I don't like anyway, so good).  From bread to dessert, everything at STK was superb.We managed to finish out meal before the DJ started, so I can't comment on the volume level.  What made our meal a five-star experience was the service.  Our server couldn't have been nicer and more helpful.  When I dropped a knife that made a CLANG! so loud it sounded like it was mic'd up, another server scooped it up a second later.  When I apologized for my very noisy clumsiness, she laughed it off and said don't even think about it.  None of the 'tude I was nervous about, none at all.  Just creative, first-rate food and friendly, professional service.  Also, while STK isn't cheap, it's actually a bit less expensive than most of the top steakhouses on the Strip.  I can't wait to come back!
3	I expected so much more from this restaurant. We had an early reservation before a show, seated promptly ( place was empty at 6 on a Friday). Started with the citron cucumber stiletto cocktail, very good. Moved on to several dishes beginning ( party of 4) with:Truffle Fries - oily, poorly seasonedBeef Carpacio - sooo good, great flavorTartare - fresh, great presentationBeet Salad - big hit, beets w: gorgonzola, super fresh and tasty.Lobster Cocktail - tinie, tiny.. claw portion with small bits of lobster in tomato broth = absolute waste of money.For our Entrees we had 2 steaks, risotto, seared ahi, side spinach and Mac n cheese.All of the entrees were good, not mind blowing or memorable - just good. The Mac n Cheese should be removed from the menu - horrible. The spinach was boring, flavorless. The only spark during this experience was our server - she was awesome. I definitely won't return, having sampled several items and only appreciating 2 ( beet , carpacio) of them... It's not enough to bring me back.
2	One bathroom?????? WOW for nice restaurant lounge to have one bathroom and people lining up against the wall to use it; it is embarrassing. There is a bathroom outside of the restaurant but it's too far. I was standing in mine to use the bathroom and when I commented on the one bathroom issue and this local lady just got all protective and started yapping about how there is another bathroom outside and it's just fine to have one bathroom and all; ok lady take a chill pill. It still does not change the fact that a restaurant like STK has only one bathroom. LA STK rules baby. No matter what you say.
5	I actually decided to bump up my rating from 4 to 5 for two reasons.First, our experience at Milo's next door was so bad, it made STK appear like a bigger super star.Second, I love the hostess and the servers here. Last night I was sick and asked my server for some tissues or napkins. He said he couldn't find any but went to the bathroom and pulled out some toilet paper for me. It was actually really cute and endearing. He didn't want to come back empty handed so he gave me what he could. Next, tonight I'm here dining by myself with my laptop and working. I asked for a booth for one and normally there are no booths for one---two is the now minimum. They totally made it happen.  And all of my servers were excellent tonight.Finally, I have to add that the sea bass (daily fish) with the risotto and mushroom were EXCELLENT.
5	This place is a lot of fun.  The food is really good and the atmosphere is like none other.  I am not sure I would recommend this restaurant to an older crowd but it is exactly what you would expect from a Vegas experience steakhouse.  They have a DJ that plays music while you are eating top quality Steaks for $50.  I love this place and every time I am in Vegas I find myself going here.  Some nights it gets real busy and you will have to wait a while for a table.  I would make a reservations first unless you are ok with waiting for a while at the bar.
3	If I reviewed STK after my first visit, it may have received 4 stars. But after my last visit, I'm conflicted. The drinks, bread, meat and truffle butter are ridiculous. The music turned up to a 13, the non-existent service and the lack of control over their patrons makes me not want to come back. Last time, I thought the thumping tunes were awesome. This time, they were painful. Last time, we had a great server who wanted to party with us during dinner, AND after. This time: we had a guy take our drink order, presumably take a nap, take our food order, and presumably take another nap. Later,  some random runners brought our drinks and food. The next time we saw our waiter was about 90 mins later when he brought our check and apologized for the drunk guys sitting at our table, hitting on the hooker that was there with their boss, at the table next to us.
5	Wow! I can't say anything bad about my experience here. It was Uh-mazing!!! I went with a group of 4 people and all of us thought it was one of the best steakhouses we had ever been to.I have been to the STK in Beverly Hills, but this one was soo much better!!! We ordered the seafood tower, foi gras and of course the rib eye. Everything was fantastic. It was so good we were about to go again the day after!The ambiance is also super cool too. Love the music. You feel like you are dining in a really cool and trendy restaurant. I will definitely make a trip here every time that I come back to Vegas.
5	Amazing from start to finish. Went for a 30th birthday dinner, and we were seated at a beautiful table right next to the DJ. Service was impeccable. Our server was clearly a professional in every way. Her recommendations and description of the menu items couldn't have been any better. We took her up on the drink and side dish recommendations, including the truffle fries which were out of this world. My 10oz filet was cooked to perfection, exactly as I had ordered. I have one complaint: My boyfriend ordered a GLASS of house red wine. $21?! For house?! That's ridiculous. My vodka drink was $18, which is steep but marginally understandable. But $21 for a glass of house wine? Screw that. We were never rushed, courses were timed appropriately. Yea, it's not cheap, but it's worth every penny, IMHO.
3	We had our Christmas dinner here with friends.  Ribeye was great! cooked perfectly.  We ordered a bunch of side that I thought were okay. nothing special.  There was a DJ in the restaurant which made it hard to have a conversation.  The waiter basically has to yell to tell you the specials of the night. i asked does he even have his voice by the end of the night.  He told me this was nothing on the weekend the music is louder. lol!  Overall great steak and would probably dine again.
5	WOW YUMMY!!! I've been here twice now and both times were absolutely delicious. From the lobster mac and cheese to the beef short ribs to the skirt steak, there is not one thing I have not enjoyed. The service is always amazing. They even made my birthday extra special with a customized dessert and sparkler! :) Definitely give it a try! You won't regret it!
5	STK is hands down 1 of my favorite restaurants to eat at in Vegas. The atmosphere is always amazing from the staff, to the music, to the patrons. The 8 oz crab oscar filet is absolutely 1 of the best steaks I have ever had. The tuna tartar is incredible, as is the Mac and cheese and the corn pudding. The environment in STK is always so energetic. The wait staff was very friendly and the service was impeccable. I couldn't have asked for a better dining experience. True professionalism is all that you will receive at STK. The drinks aren't too bad either. Make sure you try the tuna tartar app and make sure you don't pass on the bread with blue cheese crumbles. Melts in your mouth. Enjoy.
3	Went to stk last night with 3 friends. We all ordered steaks and thought they were a little above average. The cucumber stiletto was fantastic as was the mozzarella bread. They had a nice wine list, but you definitely paid premium pricing for it. The dj was spinning good music, but it was way too loud. Felt like I was dining in a nightclub. The room had a lot of energy and very attractive people. Our server was very entertaining and friendly, but a little slow. His personality made up it. Overall it was a good experience, but a little pricier than I thought it should be.
2	I LOVE dining out in Vegas.  It's rare that I don't find a place to be "absolutely amazing!"  STK didn't do it for me.I know to expect the Vegas price tag, but I do think this place was a bit ridiculous for what you get.  I spent at least $60 and was still hungry.  Sadly enough I can't even remember what I ordered - I know it wasn't bad, but definitely forgettable.  Service was also a joke.  The girls here look great but were rude and not knowledgable.  Why do I get a blank stare when I ask for a cocktail recommendation?  It's Vegas and I want something fancy!All in all, I really wanted to like this place.  It's in one of my favorite hotels and the decor is super swanky, but I doubt I'll be returning anytime soon.
5	I really like this place.  First it is located in Cosmopolitan which is a great resort.  STK itself has a great vibe.  The noise level was not super quiet or overall noisy.  A good mix.  The service was really good.  The waiter had some good suggestions for my friends from drinks to sides.  It might not be the best cut of meat you can get it Las Vegas, but it is really good.  More importantly it is a good value, especially for Las Vegas.  I had a group of 4 we need some apps, each had a steak, shared a few sides and had 2 drinks each and dessert.  We were out for under $500.  I paid way more for less at other places.  I have been here twice and will definitely go again!
3	We came here for dinner, and while the white truffle risotto and carpaccio were incredible, we waited well over an hour for our steaks. Were they hunting the cows outside or something? We spent over $600 on wine and they couldn't give us a reason as to why it was taking so long. Our waitress came over and tied to schmooze us, but when I have been waiting well over an hour for my steak, shmooze all you want but it won't work. We ordered at 7pm and it's now 8:23 and nothing.
5	I am not even a fan of meat and I love this place!  I would say a bit more upscale from the Gordon Ramsay's but I really can't say one is better than the other. GR was more rock n roll club. this is more dj -ish. Still all of it amazing!!  Thanks to the guy in the blue suit paying for our drinks!
5	This place has a great scene...it feels like being in a night club! They turn the music up, and the buzz starts flowing. The food is awesome...you cant go wrong:-) We ordered the rib eye, which was done to perfection. We also go the crab appitizer that was very sweet and fresh. They have a nice wine list as well...
4	The food here was amazing!  I ordered a fillet minion medallion & shrimp & asparagus.  It's a nice place for a date or nice dinner with friends.  The staff was pretty friendly, especially our waiter who was very attentive.  Pretty price though, bill came out to about $100 per person including 1 glass of wine each.  It would recommend trying it out.
5	Top notch food.  Loved this place.   Handled our large party with ease and we were ecstatic.  Loves them.  I did not have high expectations of the service because it was busy but they handled it well.  Food was very good as well.
5	This place kills it every time! We always wait for a table in the top booth area that's wear we like to sit. The hostess sometimes give you a little attitude but hey if I'm paying I'm sitting where I want!Server last night was great I think his name was mike but I was too busy rocking out to the DJ ( ps shot out to him for playing the Sapphire theme song reminds me of pool season)We started with the burrata...delish very refreshing and not heavy...also the bread that comes out at the beginning of the meal is amazing My husband and I ordered what we call the date steak...the porterhouse. They had it cut up and ready for us to eat and share at the table. Lobster Mac and cheese and lobster mashed is and was a must. We also ordered the haricot vert (green beans) to eat something healthy and green it was awesome too!We didn't do dessert we were toooo full...but maybe next time!Can't wait to come back!
5	Dinner & Service last night exceeded expectations!! I look forward to dining here every single time.. The food, service, and staff is always consistent with the quality they are providing. The mac and cheese is a must try..sensational. I've basically tried everything on the menu and always enjoy it. You can't go wrong with anything here.. It's absolutely addicting!!!! It's always nice to have Chef Hopcraft come to our table and ask how everything is going..
4	I'd prefer to give it a 3.5 but decided to round up since there are no halves in yelp and no crying in baseball, not to mention I'm kind. STK is a nice, simple name for a venue when you're texting a group of 15 dudes on a bachelor party for a Saturday night dinner. Let's face it though, any decent steakhouse located in the Cosmo would be killing it right about now regardless of the restaurant caliber. Granted this place is better than average in food quality, ambiance and eye candy, it does lack in service. Sure your server will possess pulchritude and a coquettish demeanor but she'll forget to bring your app or drink, after the 10 minutes you had to wait to flag her down. Whatever though, it's the place to see and be seen in Vegas, if you can get a table for your party, that is. In our predicament, we had to haphazardly stroll in in groups of three or four; and that was only to talk our way into geographically undesirable bar tables (since we couldn't get an after 6 reso for the big group). The Lamb Chops I ordered made for a solid entree. Albeit my long-time bias to skirt steak, I don't think the price break (comparatively speaking) was worth going with that carne asada option. Also the complimentary bread here is awesome.
5	I loved the bread..amazing..I loved the ribeye..parm truffle fries..tuna tartare. .and cheesecake lollipops
5	Love this place! We didn't want to wait in the ridiculous line to get into Marquee, so we decided on STK instead, so glad we did!!!!! The vibe was so chill, they played hip hop and dance music all night. Our waiter was awesome too
4	We did NOT have dinner here, so I can't comment on that. However, we did stop by here for drinks. We had friends eating dinner here, so just wanted to say hello. I'm so glad we did. The vibe here is amazing. Plenty of attractive people...women dressed up to perfection. It's loud, but not too loud. There isn't actually that much room to grab a drink and hang out without being in the way. However, none of the waiters/waitresses have an attitude about passing through. They very politely ask you to move with an "excuse me".The music was bumpin, and some diners even got up and started dancing in the open areas or, like one woman, on the table behind her booth. I was even more impressed with that. Security was on the scene, but just monitored to make sure she was okay. It wasn't like bouncers in the club who get upset and yell at you to sit down. They assessed the situation, saw that she was in control, and let her (and everyone else) enjoy her dance. Again...customer service goes a long way, and they did it right. Only minus is that drinks are ridiculously expensive here. I bought a round for 4 people, nothing fancy, and it was about $80. So be prepared, but you'll be sure to have a good time here.
4	This place was great.  We were happy with every dish we got.  Our table (6) tried 6 different appetizers and salads they were all great, especially the Burrata and the Beets.  Their ahi is money and the steak were great.  The only let down was the dessert (it felt frozen and made with no care).  Service was professional but not overly friendly.  Definitely would go back.  Extremely long wait for bathrooms better off heading outside.
5	One word...Awesome!  Go... Go now... Seriously...  Best upbeat steakhouse in Vegas!
3	We ate here after the Super Bowl with a reservation and the place was packed.  To the restaurant's credit we did not have to wait and we're immediately seated.  the problem was a very strong vomit odor at our table.  All four of us could smell it.  They moved us to another table, but smelling someone's barf was not such a great way to start the evening.  I ordered lobster, two others ordered fish and the entrees were excellent.  My Hamachi appetizer was also excellent and so were the other's salads.  The fourth person in our party ordered a rib eye steak and it was tough and difficult to chew.  To the restaurant's credit, they took the rib eye off the bill with no charge.  The only other negative is that everything is extremely expensive, which is OK, if you don't have to smell barf and get excellent service with excellent food.  So a few negatives, but mostly positive.  Might try it again.
5	We rented one of the private rooms and it was an experience I'll never forget. You can turn the music as quiet (so you can talk) or as loud (so you can dance - and we danced up a storm) as you want. Needless to say there was a lot of wine and possibly some dancing on the table. It is Vegas after all and this was the ultimate Vegas experience. The service is great as always and it was a really fun way to enjoy a big group. And it's not as crazy expensive as you would think. The Seafood sampler - the oysters and crab legs are great. Try the Parmesan fries. And although I didn't try I've heard the pork belly is great.I got the kurobuta double pork chop and it was wonderful just like everything else. Who doesn't love bacon with their pork chop ;)We opted out of dessert because we had so much food. Overall if I could do this every time I went to Vegas I would!
4	Was here for the Super Bowl weekend and food was great, the service was great, but one thing....they made us wait an extra 30min even though we had reservations 2week prior. Other then that, place almost earned 5 stars.
5	I love this place, I usually go with a bunch of girlfriends. Staff is always wonderful, even if they are packed they will squeeze us in.  I love their drinks and atmosphere.
4	Fantastic steakhouse in Vegas! Ambience is great and very lively. We went with a group and the servers were amazing and kept us busy with complimentary shots and extra food. Would definitely suggest the truffle fries, raw seafood platter, ravioli and of course the steak. Would also suggest going slightly later as it turns into a supper club if you enjoy good music!
4	Had the bone-in-filet main course and crab salad as a starter. Both were very satisfying. Though i would say NI9E and Cut are both superior for quality and taste of steaks. Bread here is strange in that it resembles an undercooked and glazed breakfast roll. Too sweet! Deserts were good, but nothing jaw dropping. Atmosphere is club-like with LOUD thumping nonstop beats. Not for your grandmother or a romantic date. No complaints about the service.
2	I would give STK in Vegas 5 stars but they have the worst customer service so 2stars for them. Blonde chick that checked our RSVP was a snob... Really bitch get a real job. Make sure to have the entire party present otherwise the last person to arrive won't be able to order her food and will just have to share with the others. The waiter rushed us and asked "are you done now?" Didn't ask if we wanted to take any food to go and just grabbed our plates while one of my friend was still eating. So we took our time to order and eat desserts and left 10% tip instead of 20% on 400$ tab. No need to be rude when you're making minimum wage, idc if you're busy, they shouldn't have booked 100 ppl in a 50ppl max capacity room. Other than the horrible customer service, food here is delicious!
3	Ok. I understand the vibe of this place, not your typical steak house. That being said, the food should be on par with others in its class if you want to be taken seriously. The food here is subpar in comparison. The porterhouse was cooked well and huge, but flavor was lacking. The sides of duck fat fries, bok choy, Mac n cheese were all forgettable. The bread was good as well as my crab salad. If I had to pay for this meal, I would be very unhappy. Luckily it was comped so all is good. The vibe for younger patrons is nice though. Lounge/club feel while stuffing your face :-)
5	Impecible! Had the bone in prime rib on the waiters recommendation with truffle butter. The meat was so tender and flavorful! I like a lot of salt on my meals and I didn't even add any. For me that's saying a LOT! The waiter was always there when you needed something and recommended a fabulous Zinfandel by the glass. The creamed spinach was fresh and so yummy you forgot you were eating spinach. For apps we did the tuna tar tar which was on the small side but the pecans were a nice add as well as the wedge salad that was so fresh and perfect! The decor was modern, the lighting classy but still had a great rock/pop play list that kept the room filled with energy. Can't wait to go to the STK in Los Angeles. So good!!
4	The Kobe wagyu was delicious!  Service was also great and we were seated within about 5 minutes of our arrival.  The pear salad dressing was a little too rich for my taste but overall it was a great experience.
5	This has to be one of the best meals I have ever had on a trip to Vegas. We made reservations and ran about 30 minutes late- No problem though because we were seated right away, with no issues. I had the 12 oz. steak, which was DELICIOUS! There was 4 of us so we got a whole bunch of sides, which were family style. I would recommend the mashed potatoes, truffle fries, Mac N cheese. We had the bread pudding for dessert which just melted in my mouth. Has to be one of the best desserts I have ever had.To add to the great experience, the wait staff was incredibly nice and took their time to recommend their personal favorites on the menu, as well as their specials.
5	If you can get a table, it's a Must Go! Excellent food, great ambiance. We will definately go back soon. Waffles & Foie Gras was the best!
2	Two stars because the ambiance and service are good.  The food sucks.  It all sounds fantastic but just doesn't come through.  Had the bone in ribeye and a ton of appetizers.  The appetizers were okay and the steak was awful and I mean a w f u l
3	Great services and delicious dishes from apps to entrees.  We order so much I don't remember what we ate.
3	Made reservations for a Sat night, no issues there. Embiance is live, beautiful setting, with loud club music! Ordered Risotto to kick things off, but the rice was not properly cooked. (Uncooked) Ordered ribeye and asked specifically to make sure the meat is cooked Med Rare for myself and a buddy, both came out almost Med Well. Another friends pork chop came out Med Rare. So far, the dining experience was dismal at best.However, server salvaged it. Talked to her Mgr, he came by and apologized. Got us 3 new entrees (properly cooked), then the chef came out and chatted us up for a bit (and apologized). They then brought out 3 complimentary desserts for us, then knocked off 25% off the entire bill which was a complete surprise. I give them mad props for being service oriented, cordial, and squashing our dining issues immediately. Had the food been cooked properly from the get go, I'd have gladly given them a well deserved 4 Stars. Perhaps next time.
5	Most of the time you have to call the restaurant yourself or use concierge to make your reservation.  If you have plans for a show you will want to have your reservation earlier than normal because people get in here and don't want to leave so keep that in mind.  The later it gets the longer the wait because this place is such a hot spot! The hostess's seem mean and snotty I think they are trained to be that way but they are very good at what they do.  The food is incredible.  The mushroom pot pie side is fabulous!
5	Simply amazing!! Can't wait to go back.
4	Excellent meal, from the start this was something special.  The warm bread with the warm cilantro oil to dip it in, awesome!!!  Bone in rib eye was done so damn right.   Creamed corn with candied carrots are perfect sides and the sides are really large.  A dozen oysters to start, they were baby size oysters, smallest I've ever had but good and fresh. Wait staff was top notch.  Every need was met immediately.  This is a rare meal that I couldn't eat dessert.  I was full after the entree.  This is Vegas top grossing restaurant. Its not to pricey in my opinion.  Well worth every penny.
1	Your reservation means nothing. Almost 90 minutes past our reservation time we finally got seated. We were a party of FOUR! Inexcusably poor service throughout. This is the second bad experience in a row here. I gave it another shot on the advice of the rest of my party that lived their now closed location in Miami. There are plenty better places to eat in Vegas.
4	This place was good probably my 3rd favorite ever. Really enjoyed the steak and appetizers
4	Fantastic atmosphere. Make sure to get reservations in advance. Third time to the restaurant and they don't skip a beat. Bone in filet is a must have!
5	Went here for dinner on 3/7 Friday as a party for 3.  We called our host that day to help make reservations.  She said that this restaurant was pretty hard to get into, but was able to get us in at 5:30pm.  We arrived and found the restaurant at 25% capacity, but that changed to about 75% by the time we left.  Great experience over all.Ambiance:  Great modern steakhouse decor.  Lighting was initially bright when we arrived, but got dimmer as the night wore on.  There was louder music than expected at a steakhouse, but it must be part of the vibe that they are aiming for.  No kids were there (unlike strip house at PH).  We were seated in the center of the restaurant in a serpentine-like booth. Unique set up that could still put you right up against another party.  We were seated next to a party of 2 and we had plenty of room.  Service:  I thought it was really good.  OUr server came right away and was very friendly and attentive throughout.  Water, bread, food, etc. all came out at a decent pace.  She seemed to have pretty good knowledge about the menu and made decent recommendations.  Food:  The menu was decent in offerings, not too big or expansive.  They had a variety of different items.  Bread was good and had a nice tasty blue cheese butter on top.  Also went well with the chive oil.  I ordered a customized "surf n' turf" with Alaskan crab and the loin steak (medium rare).  Actually came out different than I envisioned it (I thought it would be crab legs next to my steak) and was lumps of crab on top of the steak.  Either way, it was really good. I was a tad pessimistic about "Loin steak" but couldn't imagine finishing a rib eye.  So I was very surprised with the flavor of the loin.  The sides of Lobster mac n' cheese, asparagus, and fries were also decent.  Highlight of the meal was the Kobe Wagyu.  We ordered 5 oz (pretty damn pricey, think it was around $40/oz) and it was awesome.  Like eating butter...Dessert of ice cream was also good.We had a great time and the food was good.  They didn't have as many choices of meat quality that they did at CUT.  I would still return if given the opportunity.
1	The bartender ignored us for the most part.  But eventually we got served. The decor is very nice and there was a dj playing some hip tracks. When our group ordered, the waiter was trying to upsell us hard on dishes (to get a bigger bill because gratuity is included). Someone wanted only a salad but he keep pressuring them to get sides or a pricier entree. The blue cheese/garlic bread they give was interesting. Many diff flavors going on. Kinda weird tasting. I ordered the filet mignon. My steak came over cooked. I like mine medium. I sent it back and they brought back the SAME steak even blacker than before. I called the waiter and he said he misunderstood me. By this time I have not had a meal and my group was finished eating and the wait was on me.  Even with the inconsistencies, I was still billed full price and was never apologized to. I had to ask and point out the issues again to the waiter, and they gave me a free side. Big whoop. Still billed. I was ready to get out. I can't wait to go back to Gordon Ramsey's. Much better overall experience and food.
2	Service as not good. The waiter was not attentive to the table because gratuity was included. The entrees took way to long to come out and do did the check and the connecting procedure ....
5	Went here for Thanksgiving dinner and loved everything about it! The food, the ambiance, the customer service...everything was on point. I will definitely be back for more and recommend it to anyone visiting.
4	Dinner for four at the lounge. Service was great, food was so tasty. Started with a salad course then moved to steaks & sides, everything was on par or better. Love the trendy ambiance and how large this space is, would have loved to come back for a longer night out in the dining room.
1	I must say, the atmosphere is great!  loud fun music, everyone having a great time etc. I would give STK 5 stars for atmosphere however I am giving them 1 star for food!  We were a party if 8, the bill was $1200 and it would have been fine if the food was good!  However the Seabass was over cooked and fishy as if it were old. The lobster Mac and cheese was like Kraft Mac and cheese with lobster flavoring. The Asparagus was super hard with a sweet sauce that just did not go.  We have friends who love the place, but we would never go back again.
5	Our favey steakhouse in vegas. Atmosphere is cool, decor too, and dj spinning music! All food is great but the cream corn pudding and the bleu cheese olives in the martinis is what keeps us coming back! Steaks are great and the bleu cheese bread to start us super yumm! Risotto with truffles was yumm too!
5	The romain salad was excellent.  The field greens was very food.  Everyone at the table loved the blue cheese dusted/melted over hot rolls with chive oil dipping sauce.   The bone in rib steak cooked medium was delicious.And the bacon butter side was good but not worth $13 for a slab of butter.The mushroom pot pie side was different.  The crust was thin and salty and the mushrooms were sliced thin in a thick cream sort of more like a cream soup than a traditionally thick pot pie.The brussel sprouts w/bacon was a bit hard but had flavor.The haricot vert was really tasty. Hard to make green beans that special but I really liked them alot.
5	Amazing! Steak cooked to perfection - great wine selection - great service. Can't say anything to change... we'll be back again!
1	I hate giving bad reviews but sometimes they are warranted. I had heard this place was the best but we could only get in at 530. The place was fairly empty when we went but got a hard time initially about switching to a more comfortable table/booth. The service was terrible. Our waitress didnt smile once or ask how we were. i felt like she did not even know the menu. It was straight cut to the chase, no friendly service at all. I tried to joke around a bit to lighten her mood but she just stared at me with a deer in the headlights look.The food was good, no complaints there really but i felt uncomfortable and unwelcome because of the waitress. On our way out the door there were 4 hostesses standing at the front and they stared at us as we left like judging us or something, not one said good bye. Really awkward experience. I will never be back. If I am going to spend that kind of $ I will go somewhere more welcoming. We are well dressed (suit/dresses) and always tip at least 20% if not more. We were treated like we were not welcome and the staff seemed miserable.If you want to go to a place with better service check out N9NE Steakhouse at Palms, Mortons off Flamingo Road or Gordon Ramsays in Paris Hotel/Casino.
1	the food is really great good drinks  but terrible atmosphere the music so loud the waiters cant even hear you i work in clubs and their music is alot overpowering than anywhere ive been not good i understand the loungy feeling they want to put out but not to the point its uncomfortable i had their foie gras french toast which was amazing and i think i tried mac and cheese too i ended up leaving and sitting outside and had my meal packed to go i couldnt take the music and i got a migraine. they could do better. the food is amazing but i would never come here again for the sole purpose of the environment. we did ask the waiter if they could lower it a tad bit but if they did it was highly unnoticeable
3	I'd say this place is more hype than it's actually worth. Steak was eh ok. Nothing memorable especially for $80 piece of meat laden with gristle and A la carte, I could say I was expecting much better quality cut of beef. Steak had lots of gristle and chunks of fat, not palatable at all. It was also served with two different sauces. That should have been the red flag. No self-respecting steak house who claims to serve top quality cuts needs to serve sauce. The meat should speak for itself.Bread was really good. Had a hint of butter and blue cheese and was a great way to mop up the juices.For the sides got a creamed corn and mashed potatoes. Nothing fancy or memorable.Overall dining experience was ok.For the price I would much rather spend it at a better steak house.
3	I came on a Saturday night with a party of 5.  We had 7pm reservations and they sat us exactly on time!  The restaurant has a very cool dark sexy vibe.  It is very noisy.. super load music.  Bread with blue cheese butter and chive oil - 4.5 stars - really enjoyed this dish.  Large load of bread crisp on the outside but very soft in the inside.  Just a hint if blue cheese flavor in the butter.  Delish!Cucumber Stiletto - 4 stars - very good fresh light drink!Butternut squash risotto - 4 stars - this dish had a lot of complex flavors. Short rib and risotto was cooked nicely.  The flavors in the sauce on short ribs prevailed over the butternut squash.  The short rib sauce is a veal reduction with red wine and a strong nutmeg finish.  Crab ravioli - 3.5 to 4 stars -pasta was perfectly cooked, sauce was light.  A very delicate dish.  The taste of crab was almost lost. Adding a touch more crab would perfect this dish.Burrata - 3 stars - burrata itself was amazing but bread was too soft and dish would have beed better with fresh tomatoes and olives rather than a tapenade Corn pudding - 4 stars - super corn delicious!  But I LOVE corn!Bok choy - 3 starsHaricot vert - table said 4 stars.  I didn't try them1/2 lobster - 4 stars - just slightly over cooked but really ever so slightlyFilet w/ bacon butter - 4 stars - this filet was cooked perfectly to medium rare as requested.  Nice and tender. AddTruffles fries - 4.5 stars - I normally do not like thick fries but these were really really good!Other things ordered at our tables caesar salad, iceberg salad, sole, skirt steak, Brussels sprouts and tuna.  I did not try these dishes but table consensus was salads were very good but Brussels sprouts and entrees were all just ok and no one would order them again.We ended the night with a fire ball shot (who's idea was that?) and the bread pudding!  The bread pudding is not traditional.  It is more like a cake.. definitely not as dense as normal bread pudding.  I like the captain crunch pieces as the added a little extra something something!Amy was our server and she was excellent!  Service overall was impressive!Unfortunately, I probably won't come here again as it is just too noisy and you have to know what to order to really enjoy your meal.  However, if you are a group of singles looking for a good time this is your place!  This seems like a major pick up joint to see and be seen!
3	Was considering 2 stars, but remembered the server was actually pretty cool (and funny). I'm in the hospitality business myself for over 13 years. I understand Vegas is different. But after being sat, I just couldn't stop looking around asking myself... "Are they playing a joke on us?"  THE MUSIC IS UNBEARABLY LOUD!  We thought it might just be at the front, or the bar area. Nope!  We were sat towards the back and I just couldn't believe it. Again, I get it... It's Vegas, they want the young "see and be seen" attitude, but when I can't hear my gf who is inches away, or our server for that matter (until he started yelling to us which was awkward).  I didn't bother asking why the music was so loud, I'm sure they get that often. The food was good. Had 3 appetizers and we each ordered a steak. It wasn't the best steak I've ever had, or had in Las Vegas but it was good. Steak grade maybe a 6 out of 10.  Our table was kind of awkward as well. It was only the 2 of us so you almost have to share a curvy booth with strangers. The table next to us seemed annoyed as well. Maybe this is why the music is so loud, so we don't listen to one another's convo?  Maybe it's so that we eat and go... Thus, they can turn more tables?  Afraid to say, this is a "NO GO BACKER" for me. The food... Maybe but the music being so loud I don't ever want to stand while trying to enjoy a nice meal. Tab was ~$320 for 2 people. 3 apps, 1 martini and 2 steaks (not Kobe).  I tipped $30%.
3	Good times at STK. Good food and atmosphere. They have a Dj playing all genres of music LOUD. I had the bone in filet ($59) and my girlfriend had the Sea Bass ($60). The food was good but not great. I expected more based on the price but that's what you get in Vegas.
3	I love trying new steakhouses, so I had a lot of past experiences to compare to a new steakhouse experience. STK wasn't the best, but certainly not the worst. I quite enjoyed my experience there. The best thing I could say, it was an experience I have never had before at a steakhouse.When I think of a steakhouse, usually it involves older white men as servers wearing doctor white coat, dark wood, calf skin or some type of homage to the steer, and the place is usually filled with business people or couples.This place had none if those above!! It was like a club! It was very modern. There was a DJ, and people dancing around. It was hard to talk as the music was so loud. When you wait for your table at the bar, people may try to pick you up or some lady's boobs were on your face as you turn some other directions. Well, it is Vegas after all! So the atmosphere would be considered "fun" unless you hate clubbing. I was there with my business associates and one more plus was this meal wouldn't cost me a penny. Before I knew it, wine was flowing, seafood tower and beef tartare were gracing the table. Yum yum yum.. All were delicious!I ordered a regular filet with foie gras topping. I was pretty happy. The foie put it over the top for sure! I loved it but I had better tasting steak before. I wish I ordered the boned in filet but I was trying to not take advantage of the opportunity. After all, I already topped it with foie gras. It was rather cheap however, $12 for the topping. What a deal.Some of the guys ordered the boned in filet and porterhouse. They seemed very pleased.Next to our table, there was a paralyzed guy in an elaborate wheelchair. I guess he was a loaded poker champ that got injured from some accident. Around him, there were at least five scantily clad women dancing around him, worshipping him. They looked hired but whatever, he was having fun and good for him. It was quite a show for us too!Lastly, our cool server bought our table a round of shots of 1942 tequila and he did the shot with us! How cool.. Never in my life.So.. See...?! The experience at STK was nothing I have ever had. Not sure if I would go back though, as once is enough.
5	Definitely one of the best (combination of great food and fun place) restaurants I have been at in Vegas. This restaurant has a DJ playing tunes that truly make it a special experience and the diners tend to join in the fun as well. The food was outstanding as well. I had a wonderful steak and my fellow diners had varying fish and meat entrees. The sides were excellent as well with great variety and the wine menu was quite extensive. The chef came to the table to make sure we were enjoying ourselves, which was a great touch! This place is a must if you a visiting Las Vegas and in the mood for a perfect steak.
4	Let's talk about the big sirloin, seafood platter, drinks and dessert. It's been a week to this day that I got the pleasure of trying out this contemporary restaurant w/in house dj.  The music was so loud you could barely hold a conversation unless you were two inches apart, which I think is a little on purpose.  ;)...but enjoying such good food, who would mind?!  In fact, I was enjoying it all so much, I should've had my own table.  All I can say is, that was one of the plumpest, juciest meats i've ever had.  My friend ordered a scotch whiskey to accompany it. Not a bad choice and his wife, venison chops, which were delish.I started with the pear/endive/arugala salad/walnuts/blue cheese crumbles ...very light and tasty followed by a shared plate of carpaccio, which I had heard of..maybe 6 years ago.  Very tasty with the pesto pasta..don't have it any other way!  The Seafood Platter for $40 which included: 2 oysters/ 2 pickled shrimp with jalapenos and red peppers/ alaskan king crab/ 1/4 maine lobster.  It came with the horseradish and usual side sauces but there was another with a little vinegar..you hardly tasted it (and i'm not sure what else was in it) to add a little flavor.  I made the right decision there, as I was trying to keep my dinner as 'natural' as possible..just adding a little kick to it.  I enjoyed my main meal, which is more of an appetizer for me, with a rum/basil/cucumber cocktail.  I could not have been offered a better suggestion.  The dessert was a berry mousse.  Topping it all off with a glass of champagne. One of the best meals of my life. I could not even fathom tainting all the good flavors in my mouth by touching the parmesan truffle fries, which I hear...are the rage. I can't wait to go back, even if it's by myself, at own little table. The pleasure will be all mine.
5	Great service! Makes you feel very welcomed. Food is amazing, worth every dollar you will spend. Definitely coming back for another night out!
5	STK, Fantastic food and ambiance. A bit on the loud side and your wifi won't work. But, I can ignore my phone for an hour while filet mignon oscar style melts in my mouth.
4	The truffle-parmesan fries themselves are worth coming here for. Oh. My. God!There are not many fries on the little skillet they're served on, but they sure are tasty.The meat is good but perhaps not top-notch. I had some gristle in my sirloin that my knife was not capable of cutting through! That is not what I expect from a piece of meat that cost me $50...Everything else was great though - the service was impeccable, our waiter was just the right amount of chatty and made sure everything arrived in time and that our water-glasses was never below half empty.We had a really good time here and I'll definitely stop by again.Downside is if you arrive late - a DJ will be pumping dance music at a volume high enough to compete with any club... So, if you actually want to talk to your date/comany - come early. If you just want to "see and be seen" go whenever.
5	STK is such a fun, hip, really most happening place in Vegas. I will come back here times and times again, since it's become one of my fav. Stopped by here for dinner last week when in LV! Every time this place is consistently EXCELLENT!DRINKS: Decided on Cucumber Stiletto and OMG - it is incredible! FOOD: Started with the signature bread rolls (you just can't stop eating them!), then had tuna tartar - really fresh tuna with delicate spice to it, awesome presentation. Then had pork belly and WOW - so good!! My choice of the meal was beet salad and beef carpaccio (both dishes are a MUST TRY!!!). Food arrived within minutes and service was fantastic. Can't wait to come back!
4	I think there is one of these in NY too. We were happy to walk in and be seated right away... it was 5pm. I guess I eat like an old person. I had the filet, asparagus and some kind of potato. Although I cannot say this is the best Filet I have had it was better than most. The 4 stars is because we got right in and my wife loves this place. .. .. As it got later the interestingness (made up word) of the people got better. Cougars, pimps, college kids, transients, sugar daddies. they were all here fraternizing in a friendly fashion.
4	This place was great....the highlight of our trip. We had a group of 20, with reservations made months ahead. We still waited over 30 mins to be seated. The live DJ was awesome and we were rocking out the whole time. Food was good but the atmosphere was great. Everyone was having a great time, singing and dancing. Obviously it was very expensive but this was our big night out and we weren't disappointed. Salad and entree portions were good, side dishes were on the small side.
5	Had the pleasure of dining here last night for a friends birthday and at 8pm on a Monday the place was packed. We were greeted right away by our server, Chris, who gave us a crash course in the menu and offered a few recommendations. Chris was knowledgable and very personable, and his expert service was nothing less than exceptional.To start, I enjoyed the beet and arugula salad which was wonderful and finished the course with their 20oz bone-in ribeye (med rare, of course) topped with bacon butter, because why would you not? Happily sampled a bit of my friends skirt steak as well which was likewise, outstanding. Oh! And a quick side note; if you're a manhattan drinker, you'll be pleased to know they carry Carpano Antica... And yes, it absolutely matters.Anyway, I only visit Las Vegas once or twice a year but I'm pleased to say with certainty that I will be coming back to STK.So, a quick recap?Ambiance - 10Food - 10Service - 11 (We were a five top and water glasses not ONCE went empty.)In short, STK comes with just about my highest recommendation. Well done.
4	A little overpriced for the quality. The filet mignon was not as tender as anyone in my party would have liked. Also, the truffle butter as a topping for the steak was an extra $12. It's a beautiful restaurant, great and friendly service.
1	This review has to do with just trying to give STK business.  I've being trying to reach them for 2 days to book a private room for 12 people.   When restaurants are hot and booked every night they think they are untouchable.  This attitude/arrogance is pathetic!  They will not always be on top and when their appeal declines people will remember how they were treated.  Good Luck STK!
4	I came to eat here yesterday with my wife, the food was amazing and the restaurant have a great energy , the only bad think about everything was the service was kind of slow , other then that STK is great restaurant to go eat and have a good time as well .
2	I dined at STK a couple years back, and I remember thinking, it was just OK. It was on my birthday and I enjoyed the company and celebration. I didn't let it bother me. When I was invited to go again, and for free, I figured, why not? Either I stepped up my steak game, or STK fell off even more because overall- NOTHING impressed me. Wait, I fib, the mushroom pot pie side dish was good enough to order again. So out of a dinner that would have cost $145, the best part was a side dish?!!?My boyfriend and I ordered the gyoza, a field greens salad, the 20oz ribeye sliced, the mushroom pot pie, and a panna cotta dessert. First, sharing is the way to go. Other than the potstickers being extremely small, coming with only 4, and costing $19- I was happy with the portions and servings. They offered to split the salad and slice the steak, very appreciated for things like that. They staff was on game, they cleared our plates and gave us fresh silverware after every dish. The salad needed more of the cheese and croutons. That's what made it enjoyable. The steak was just ok. Not amazing, not bad. The bacon butter on top was super succulent. The side of mushrooms came in a classic looking pot pie crust, and when you cut into it there were about 4 types of mushrooms in a creamy sauce. It was the highlight of the night! The panna cotta, never again! Wrong consistency and just all around not enough flavor for me. Another downfall- one glass of wine is $17. I understand fancy steakhouses charging more for specialty cocktails, high end liquor, etc. But even then it ranges about $10-$15. $17 for a glass of mediocre wine, is pathetic. I get STK's concept. A sexy club feel with high end food. Except that wasn't the vibe I got. More like a cutting corners steakhouse that caters to the local adult industry, rich tourist, and old men who like the eye candy. Vegas needs that, don't get me wrong. I am not hating on the adult industry in the least. But when there are well known Vegas working girls that dine there on the regular, it attracts a certain crowd. You wouldn't see those same girls down the street at Herb & Rye, thank God. Overall, my favorite part was the DJ bumping 90's jams, and the mushrooms. I will gladly skip out on the drunk, red head tourist sitting next to me screaming, and spilling stinky wine, and the pervy old guys. However, Vegas has a place for everyone, this is just not mine.
4	The mac and cheese is pretty creamy and goes well with the jenga stacked parmesan truffle fries. I also had a filet which was pretty tasty. I would come back!
5	Amazing food, atmosphere and service!  Zero complaints about this place!A+
5	Everything was superb. Steaks were cooked perfect. Tuna sashimi spicy and flavorful. Sides of bok choi and broccollini were great additions. An excellent meal only topped by the service of our waiter Mikey Tan
5	Damn you STK why must you be so delicious?! STK is my "go to" restaurant when I come to Vegas. It's usually the first meal out I have. If you are sharing, the cowboy ribeye is where it's at. $85 but a whole lot of meat. The sides are changing but always good, highly recommend the Mac & Cheese if they have it
5	STK never disappoints! The crowd is very trendy and the music is always bumpin. The DJ plays hip hop to house and everything in between. It sometimes gets a little noisy but the more you drink the less it bothers you. As for the steaks, I think they are some of the best I've tried; however, I find myself craving their seafood platter. It has an  ample amount of seafood in the order for one but I usually take it up a notch and get the order for two. But whether you order the steak or seafood platter just make sure you get the cream corn. It is incredible!
1	Awful.  Got there late to our group.   Wouldn't serve us food, even an appetizer!   Our check took an hour, could have easily served us a small plate.  Crazy!!   I eat out at least five days a week, so this was nuts!!!
1	Don't waste your time on this restaurant; substandard is too high of a rating for this restaurant. We sat at our table  20 minutes before we even knew who our waiter was and another 5 minutes before he came back to take our order. My husband's steak was over cooked, the waiter came back once to check on us, and then he never came back again until we waved him down to get our bill. The music is so loud you could hear what one another was saying, the table next to us was yelling in order to be heard by one another which was annoying. It was the worst dining experience ever!!!!My Daughter came into town the next night not knowing we went to STK the night before, She went to STK, She shared this with me the next morning at coffee. Another horrible experience, she and her friend ordered all appetizers asking that they come out one after another but they brought them all at the same time and again the music was a problem way TOO LOUD!!! Her friend said I can hear anything your saying. They left never needing to return.DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!!!!!IT APPEARS THEY WANT TO GIVE THIS RESTURANT THE NIGHT CLUB VIBE.BUT PEOPLE DONT EAT AT A NIGHT CLUBS. AND THEY DONT WANT TO WAIT FOR A WAITER LIKE THEY WOULD WAIT FOR BARTENDER IN A BUSY CLUB!
1	This rating is specifically for the planned course for our bachelorette party. 13 women, $2200, $170 per person. Many times people give bad reviews because a place is expensive. I didn't come to Vegas to save money, so that is not my gripe. The majority of us were doctors, lawyers, and those in the medical profession. We came here to throw down :) I am actually so surprised that the food was this bad. Just because our service came "family style" doesn't mean they should skimp on portions or quality (ask Robert Irvine on Dinner Impossible). This is what we all got for $2200, and I'm NOT kidding!: 1. Bread (was the best thing I had here)2. Soggy overdressed ceaser salad3. ONE cocktail shrimp (ONE!!!! not a few, not several, but ONE!!!)4. ONE lobster ravioli (ONE!!!, the size of a regular ravioli, 2 x 2). I didn't eat this one because I am allergic to lobster, so I gave mine to my friend. So she had TWO.5. One small lump Mac and cheese (Not the good kind with the real cheese and baked crust on top, the kind you would get at a buffet)6. One lump Creamed spinach. No real comments, it's creamed spinach.7. Risotto swimming in what tasted like Campbells cream of chicken soup.8. And the star of the night, the main course...dry skirt steak, not seasoned. Good thing the bride doesn't eat beef! (A lot got thrown away, no one wanted to eat much of it)9. One glass of champagne6 of us got an extra cocktail (well vodka and club soda for me, very small glass, not those large tumblers you get at the club). I felt like I crashed my grandfather's assisted living buffet dinner. This food was not only extremely expensive, but it would have been a rip off even if it was a cheap meal at any old restaurant. SHAME ON YOU STK! Giving us this horrible memory of our darling friend's celebration dinner. Of course she didn't complain, she is a beautiful person. We were all crammed in a table that wasn't meant to fit 13, we had reservations, but we were 30 minutes late because it takes a long time for 13 women to get out of the room (Know what I mean?), but geez, hold our table for pete's sake, and don't let us wait 1 hour to sit down. They ended up bringing this table from storage and making room in the bar area for us, one hour later when they could have done this from the get go when they saw their restaurant was full. There were no serving utensils with any of our platters, so we used our forks and spoons to dish. Not clean or convenient. We were all good friends, so this is the least of my gripes. Did we have fun? Yes, the music was all 80s, and catered to our 30 and up crowd. We thoroughly enjoyed watching the next table of 40 and overs doing the running man and cabbage patch to tunes from Tag Team and Grand Master Flash. That part was amazing. Kept my mind off being continuously tempted to speak to the manager about his horrible meal, and that was BEFORE the bill came. The service was great, but didn't make up for the horrible horrible horrible food to warrant even a second star. I had to throw that in one more time, as I get angrier the more I write.Will I come here again, maybe. So I can understand why people gave it such good ratings, since they most likely did not order a planned course meal. For anyone thinking of having a planned meal here for large party, or possibly pre-wedding festivities, DON'T. Order a "normal" meal, like normal people do. That's what we should have done.
5	I've eaten at countless Prime steak houses and this is by far one of the best meals I've ever had.  We had a party of 7 that included 12 years old twins.  The waitress was top notch, she even took my twins over to the DJ so they could see how things work!Now on to the food...Only one person ordered a salad (I forgot which one) but loved it!  I had the Lobster Cocktail which had just the right amount of kick from the horseradish and vodka.  For side dished we ordered Sweet Pudding Corn, Parmesan Truffle Fries, Mac & Cheese, and Spiced Maple Carrots.  All of which were simply amazing.  For steaks we had 4 bone in Filets (Best steak I've had in years), 2 bone-in Rib Steaks, and 1 Filet Medallion.  They were all cooked to the perfect temp, seasoned perfectly, and served piping hot.  For dessert they had an off the menu item which we tries which has a homemade mint chocolate chip sandwich served with homemade whipped cream and chocolate sauce for dipping.  The homemade mint ice cream was the star of the show.  I've never had ice cream before with such a great flavor of mint!  We also ordered the STK Cones which were good but nothing like the ice cream sandwich.It's not cheap ($750 with tax and tip and we only had about 6 beers total) but worth it!
5	Arrived around 8pm and there was a at least 20 people in line reserving a table for their individual parties.  Some dressed to the nines and other in shorts and T-Shirts.  STK may not have a formal dress code but the ambiance deserves the common courtesy of looking presentable at the very minimum.  I of course decided on my blue pin striped suit with colorful pocket square to add that bit of splash. I went past the line and straight for the bar since you have access to their full menu. They have two bars here. If the first one is full continue towards the back and you will most likely find an open seat.  The bar tenders were absolute dolls and very attentive, making you feel at home.  With the DJ spinning tracks in the background and with dim lighting, it sets you up for an evening out on the town. First came out the bread which gets mad reviews from Yelpers across the board. I thought the hype was over the top, turns out it live up to it and plus more. I started my dinner with a field greens salad which I didn't expect much other than a common mixed greens salad.  It was amazing and definitely worth a try if you liked feta cheese. Beside the vinaigrette which was full flavored it had candied pecans which were succulent.On to the main course, their Colorado Rack of Lamb. Ordered it medium rare as any respective lamb lover should.  It was seasoned to perfection and sinfully marbled. You are almost forced to gnaw on the bone and since I was at the end of the bar counter, I couldn't help myself and sneaked in a couple of nibbles. It was simply that good. For desert, on recommendation the of the lovely bar tender, I went with the sweat potato donuts with caramelized walnuts. Mind you I hate anything sweet potato but after being referred to as honey, sweetie and babe the whole night I couldn't refuse the recommendation.I'm glad I did because it was epic and in the top three deserts i have ever had in Vegas. I paired it with a latte and it was to die for. A definite must have.
4	It is a niiiice place for a romantic dinner, I personally loved the dimmed light atmosphere. I was recommended the Kobe steak, which I thought was not any better than their rib-eye. So you can save your money on that! I love their oyster!! Super fresh!! Not a fan of their pie.
5	We tried to reserve a table of 4 on a Friday night on the night before. Everything was completely booked except for tables at around 5pm and 11pm. Those times were just too early and too late. We passed by the place around 4 and tried to bribe our way to get a table around 7 and the hostess told us that there was a section (the tall tables) that are first come first serve and they usually fill up by 7. So, we left and two of us came back at about 6:20pm and got a table easily. Out of about 12 or so, after us, there were only 2 tables left and they filled up in 10 min...so if you can't reserve a table, arrive around 6 to get a tall table!Service was great all night by the busser and waitress. Cleared dirty dishes out quickly and checked on us often. We did bring a bottle of wine ourselves and was told that there was a $50 corkage fee. My friend complained to the waitress saying it was BS to charge that much to open a bottle and politely asked if she could ask her manager to not charge him (since he was a Cosmo VIP guest) or at least reduce the fee. The manager reduced it to $25.Atmosphere was cool, they have a live DJ playing and he was spinning 80's music the whole time, that was dope. Definitely an upscale resto. They say you're supposed to dress formal/"nice" but I came in jean booty shorts, a cropped top and black flats. Other girls were dressed like they were going to a winter formal. We started off with a dozen of half shell oysters, they were pretty small. Ordered the mac and cheese, it was alright (not a huge mac and cheese fan but the others loved it). Ordered the truffle parmesan fries, these were thicker fries than I thought but they were really good! And for my entree, I ordered the porterhouse to share with my friend because it was such a huge dish. Also got the red wine bbq? sauce on the side, and omg, it was sooooooooo good!! I dipped everything in that sauce! haha. Also ordered the stiletto cucumber cocktail, it's pretty minty, it was good. Friends ordered the chocolate cocktail, not a huge fan of chocolate..but if you're a chocolate lover, this one's for youu!Overall, everything was great! Great service, great food, great atmosphere! Would def come back! Bill came out to about $400, yes very pricey. The best part of it all, the whole meal was comp'd. #WIN.
5	One of my favorite steakhouses. I ate here in October of 2012 so this review is long overdue. My boyfriend and I were not only happy with the service but enjoyed every bite of the food.
4	Solid steak place. I got the bone-in ribeye and split it with someone. We also got mushrooms and broccoli rabe as sides. Oh, and a tuna tartare to start. Everything was delicious, server did a great job handling 10 girls. The food even came out in good time considering the place was packed. My only complaint is you can barely hear yourself speak because it's so damn loud in there, it's like a club.
5	Shady rolled into his go-to spot in Vegas for another go-'round with his favorite lady servers in the business. Stephanie and Amy just plain kick -ass over the competition. Genuinely friendly, beautiful, great at what they do, it makes suffering through the 150 decibal sound system all worth it. And Shady has to admit, with all the scenery the food is actually very good. This year Shady took down the lamb chops which were cooked perfectly and delicious on one night, and the sirlion on another. Coupled with some nice red's, the great girls behind the bar, and the scenery all around, STK is just a great night out in Vegas. Shady has been a regular here since it opened 3 years ago, and as long as Shady's ladies are there, so is Shady. Just please, after 1000 reviews suggest you lower the music just a tad, please listen to the people.
4	Rounded up from 3.5 stars, another stop during EDC weekend. I live in LA and I haven't been to STK in LA. Blasphemous right? Ordered their special of the night: Chilean Sea Bass (on a bed of porcini mushrooms and topped with shaved black truffle): So tasty! The Chilean sea bass was perfectly cooked and the bed of mushrooms were DELICIOUS. However, because of how flavorful the porcini was, the delicate truffle was lost. However, I was amazed by the sheer quantity of truffle. This dish was swimming in it. No meal is complete without sides:*Mac & Cheese: I'm not sure what kind of cheese they use but it was more white/mild? Eh. Skip it. *Sweet Corn Pudding: People rave about this and I can see why. It's sweet, creamy and kind of like mashed potatoes! Probably not any healthier than mashed potatoes but still tasty*Haricot Vert: Pretty standard but gotta get your greens in! *Broccolini: Super salty.Overall, great Vegas dining experience. Upbeat music. Cheery staff. Good food!
3	My party of 4 came here for dinner and was greeted by great service. Our server was friendly, and attended to our food complaints professionally.Bread with blue cheese sauce and chive olive oil - This was rather adventurous and I really enjoyed it since I'm a fan of blue cheese. Unfortunately, my friends didnt enjoy it quite as much :( To each its own!Beef tartare with black truffle, sliced radish, soy caramel - Love how the fragrance of the black truffle brought out the freshness of the beef. The potato chip was also very fresh. Really enjoyed this.Pork belly with soy glaze, pickled radish and ginger - The first time this was served, the pork belly was over cooked so much that it was tough and chewy. Not great. Had to send this back. The second time was much better and more well seasoned, though still a little too tough for my liking. I'd give this a pass.Lil BRGs (wagyu sliders) - Super good!! We didnt add truffles or foie gras, but if I had the chance to do this again, I'd definitely try adding both!Medium Sirloin steak - The best steak of the night. Steak was beautifully cooked, soft, easily cut, and had a layer of fats making the steak not too dry. Definitely recommended.Medium filet with foie gras topping - Steak was slightly too dry for my liking, but foie gras was beautifully cooked. Medium Rare Filet Medallion - The first time this was served, the beef was way overcooked. It was so cooked that it tasted overly-charred, and the beef was definitely past medium rare. We had this sent back and the beef was perfectly cooked the second time round. Recommended!Sides:Mushroom pot pie - This was yummy, but way too salty. There is no way the pot pie can be this salty. We contemplated sending this back too, but by then have given up on having our food sent back so we just ate it anyway.Truffle fries - OMG SO GOOD. MUST ORDER. Freshly cut potato with truffles. Can't go wrong.Mac and cheese - Decent but ok to pass.The bill came up to be about $330 before tips, including a bottle of riesling, which is pretty OK. Ambience was nice with great music. 4 stars for food (after they finally got it right), but unfortunately having to send food back twice is unacceptable for a fine dining restaurant, hence -1 star. Thankfully, the waiter handled it professionally and made sure we were very satisfied with our food.
5	We were staying at the Cosmopolitan and wanted to eat at STK before a night out. We tried to make reservations earlier in the day but were told they had nothing available but were welcome to stop-by to see if anything had opened up.We arrived and almost immediately, they found a spot for our party of 4. It is definitely a lively spot. We were dining late (around 9pm) and the music was loud, the place was packed and everyone was having a great time.We all ordered steaks, and they were wonderful. I order my steak well-done, and most steak houses will still bring it with some pink in the middle. STK cooked it to perfection, just how I asked. My husband and his friend both said it was the best steak either of them had ever had.The creamy yukon potatoes were amazing as well.Great experience, will definitely be back!
3	Good food. But way too loud.  It's a good restaurant with loud club music. Not the place to go if you want to have a conversation.
4	So when we first arrived to Vegas my boyfriend kept saying...Boyfriend: if I do good on the tables I'm going to take you to STK!Me: What's that?Boyfriend: A steakhouse. ..get it STK...steak...isn't that cool.Me: Yes, that is so clever. Anyways it must be really expensive if you're depending on doing well on the table. So all week he's talking about this place and loses a good chunk of money on the table the night we were supposed to go. Well I played my $10 ( im afraid to gamble), and walked away with $50! I said, "Well it looks like I'm buying myself dinner at STK, you're not going to talk about it all week and not let me go because you're mad at your bad luck." LolIt was 10:30pm and before going back to our hotel we went to the 3rd floor of Cosmo to check out STK. We heard the great music coming out of STK and they we're playing all the hip hop jams. It was the best music I heard all week ( esp since it was EDC WEEK). The hostess said they could reserve a table for 11:00pm, so we hung around since the music was good.Atmosphere- Def looks like where all the trendy people go, Cosmo feels like that anyways. All the women were beautiful, the men dressed nice. There were a lot people hanging around the bar. Restaurant dark and music loud. So around 11:10 we were seated and our server was pretty cool. We looked at the menu and I studied what I could get with my $50 winnings. I only went here to spend my winnings as planned.  Well after looking at the menu I saw I could get salad, dessert and maybe water for $50 lol. Most steak dishes were around $50 minimum, chicken dish around $30, all desserts $12, sides $11, side salad $13, and most appetizers and small plates close to $20. Cocktail/Drinks $15 to $30.After some quick calculations I ordered a field green salad, an appetizer, and the sweet potato donuts. I saw that shrimp was $6 so I said,"Can I add shrimp to my salad?" The server then asked, how many pieces? I said,"How many come in the $6 order?" He said...one piece. I was like, 1 piece? What kind of prep goes into that shrimp, $36 for 6 pieces? Ok nevermind adding shrimp. The server then kept asking if I wanted a cocktail, and in my head I was like ,"hell no", keep the free water coming lol.The blue cheese bread with chives was a little too strong for me, I'm not a fan of it.  My salad was ok, better than a lot of places but it needed craisins or nuts or shrimp lol...something.  My beef appetizer dish with pesto pasta was light and tasty.  The beef was sliced so thin it melted in my mouth. The sweet potato donuts were sooooo good. Definitely try those.  Sweet and fried fresh. My poor boyfriend still had the poop face about losing $400 in 10 min, and he didn't want to try anything. He was at least trying to get into the music to feel better. A girl next to me was there for her birthday and her boyfriend ordered her every dessert on the menu. They all looked so good! Especially the skillet cookie. She actually offered me some, but I heard my boyfriend jokingly whisper..."if you say yes and take some of her food, im gonna slap you." So I told her,  no thank you.My bill came to $49 without an entree, but I was still satisfied.  I'll def come back for the full experience when we have more time and money ;).
4	What absolutely love about this place is the upbeat atmosphere.  They have a DJ (but not too loud) who plays upbeat music to keep your energy high if you're planning on staying out afterwards.Not necessarily a place for romance, though.The food is pretty good and the cocktails are outstanding.  I definitely recommend topping your steak with the truffle butter.Service was a tad slow but when our waitress was around she was knowledgable and friendly. You MUST try the sweet potato doughnuts for dessert!
4	Vegas seems to love NYC restaurants.  I saw dozens of places that started out in The City, in Sin City.  STK at the Cosmopolitan being one of them.  It was towards the end of our trip where we found ourselves checked out of the hotel but waiting for a later flight sooooo steak it is!We got here too early to really get the feel of the place but it seemed to be like the NYC STK, a trendy steakhouse.Ordered a salad and a sirloin as I've been known to do...  Service was solid, server was nice enough and attentive without being overly good or bad in any way.  Salad was a bit of a dissapointment, was sort of a hodpodge between a regular salad and a blue cheese wedge.  It wasn't bad but it wasn't good.The steak was very solid though.  Ordered rare + and it came out medium rare so that was fine.  Sort of underseasoned but I was able to fix that with the ton of pepper and salt the waitress brought over.  Overall the steak was good to very good but not Del Frisco's/Sparks level.  The sides were pretty good as well, creamed spinach was nice in particular. There are entirely too many options to ever head back to this place again but I would say if you're in the hotel and hungry it is a solid choice.  Boarderline 3/4 star I'll give it the bump to 4.
4	Ok bachelorette party night #2, we went to STK. This was much more fun than the prior evening. Partly because the restaurant was located in the convenience of our hotel, the Cosmo. Atmosphere was tame, noone was obviously drunk or falling out of their seat. The night was off to a good start. All of the waitstaff were gorgeous, including our busboy, who got shamelessly hit on by several of the girls at our table. No not me. I was focused on the food, which was amazing. Our server was prompt with our drink orders and complimentary bread for the table (out of this world good!) It had chive butter melted on the side. I ate so much I was not too hungry so only ordered the tuna tartare appetizer and romaine salad. That was the perfect amount of food though and the tuna was awesome. The salad tasted like it had caesar dressing which I love so it was all good. Other favorite dishes at the table were the crab legs and shrimp rice crispies. If I came back I would probably stick with the tuna again but get the pear/walnut salad.
5	I walked in at 10:00 pm the place was full but i did find a place to sit on the bar for me and my 2 friends. The food was good we got our drinks really fast. The music was very good and the atmosphere was fun! We had a blast!! Love this place
4	I've got NOTHING but love for my STK--nothing but solid L-O-V-E and it kills me to update this review and take a star away.   The group I was with has been there several times over the past few years--enough where the staff recognizes us.   On this past visit, the food was excellent (as always), the bartenders/host staff were great (as always), but the problem?  The DJ.  The Thursday night DJ fell short for us.  The Friday/Saturday night DJ always plays everything you want to hear and always leaves you wondering, "Did he steal my playlist?"    The Thursday night DJ needed a little help.  We handed her a list of 4 songs with a nice tip.  The first two requests said, "Anything Britney and anything Michael."  Not to needy, right?  In the two hours we were there, we only heard 2 of 4 requests and with the second one we had to beg.  (And I mean seriously beg).  We were sweet and nice and completely reasonable, leaving a 25% tip for our servers (we had to ask them to beg too).  Note to the Thursday night DJ:  when one of your patrons has the entire upper floor clapping and cheering to her dance routines, play what she wants to hear because it's not about you.  Unfortunately, our group won't be back on a Thursday night again.
5	Favorite steakhouse in Las Vegas. Love the upbeat vibe of the joint. I start with the Blue Iceberg Salad. Favorite steak is the Bone-in Filet. The mac & cheese, creamed spinach, parmesan truffled fries and creamy Yukon potatoes we're all fantastic.
4	Everyone enjoyed their steaks. I had the porterhouse and it was great. I asked for no onions but their were grilled onions only plate. Dessert was ok. The mashed potatoes were ok. Dinner for 4 with one cocktail was $389.00 kinda high. Points off for loud music and front staff - hosts who thought very high of themselves.
2	We have been with 2 friends to STK Las Vegas on a Saturday evening.Strengths:- Waiting time to get a seated was 10 minutes. good for a saturday night at 9pm.- Nice Decor- good steaksWeaknesses:- No the warmest welcome for high end restaurant by the hostesses- VERY high price for OK+ food (12 truffle fries for 12$, come on!)- Not a very attentive staff - asked for "easy on parmesan for the fries" and got them completely covered- Waiting time to get the food - was 45mins for 3 steaks... We were about to leave.- Tiny bathroom! long waiting line for ladies and men!- the worse part is the music! WAY TOO LOUD! I did not enjoy the restaurant ambiance at all because we were not able to talk and hear each other.I DO NOT recommend this restaurant
5	Bone in filet with lobster mac n cheese is to die for.  Their oysters, king crab, and other sea food favorites were the ultimate compliment to my phenomenal meal. Brad (our server) was knowledgeable, attentive, and went out of his way to make my wife feel special on her birthday this last Monday despite the crowd of demanding industry people.  One of the managers (Clayton) touched every table and had an impromptu conversation with all of our guests.  What an experience!!!!
5	loved it! Excellent service and food. Very Chic vibe, cool background music, dim lighting. I liked the energy. Come here when you want to treat yourself!
2	Disappointed with our experience here. Service was outstanding, but that's about all I can say for this location of STK. Visiting Vegas for the week from NYC where I have had great experiences at their midtown NYC location. This restaurant had sub-par food, steaks, sides and overall prices really didn't justify the costs. Coming from someone who lives in NYC, I'm not one to complain about things that cost more than usual, it's just that when our steaks came, they weren't rich and flavorful like they tasted at the other location. I asked my three other dinner companions and they all agreed whole-heartedly that it was a pretty big disappointment.My last comment is on the restaurant itself. Compared to other locations, it seems like they really didn't invest much to pump the ambience, it's lit up bright.
4	We had an absolute blast at STK!  We went with four couples at 9 pm on a Friday.  We waited at the bar for our entire party to arrive and I enjoyed a glass of California Cabernet.  There was a DJ that played spot on music that set the tone and vibe of the whole restaurant!  The atmosphere is classy cool.  When we sat down my husband and I ordered a half dozen oysters.  They were small but very fresh and delicious.  We split the porterhouse steak that was cooked and seasoned to perfection and had asparagus and lobster Mac and cheese that was fabulous but a little pricey.  It was the best meal experience we had our five days in Vegas!
5	Loved dinner at STK!  Clayton was super cool. Mags is the best waiter ever. Had so much fun. Food was delicious.
4	Food and service were overall, great.  This place is good for groups but maybe not kids.  The music was a bit loud but they were playing all the old hits so it was like fine dining in a club.  Even the bathroom had a staff person who offered all the toiletries and then some.  There was a line for the bathrooms, only one per gender.  Luckily there were more stalls outside of the restaurant.The steaks were tender and cooked the way we ordered them.  The dipping sauces were a nice addition.  All of the side dishes were great to share and they had a good variety.  The mac n cheese sampler was probably my fav.  If you're coming here to celebrate a special occasion, be sure to let your server know and they will end your meal with a special treat.  We got a cup of fruit with a light whipped cream topped with a macaroon.  It was definitely a nice, happy ending.Drinks are a bit pricy here.  We ordered 3 mixed drinks while we waited for our table and that bill alone came out to $60.  I'd definitely eat here again but maybe after some pre-drinking elsewhere.
5	The food and drinks were delicious! Jake was the best. He took great care of us and really made the evening perfect!!!
5	This place is A wait for it mazing!!!!! All thanks to Jake and Gio. They are LITERALLY the BeST bartenders in this restaurant and to be honest in Vegas entirely actually lol They are beyond cool and GREAT!!i would come back to STK just b/c of them. I heart them
5	OMG my steak was prepared perfectly for once thank God, and the entire experience was phenomenal thanks to our bartenders Gio & Jake. One word...QUALITY!!! I will most definitely come back just for them alone!! This is the perfect spot for young adults looking for an exciting dinner experience in Vegas. They even have a live DJ!
5	Went too stk with the family for my birthday,  everything was phenomenal! Brad knew everything about the menu and was efficient and on his game the whole time! Jake at the bar is the man!! Best drinks in town hands down! If any one goes to eat definitely recommend these 2 gentleman!  Best steakhouse in town!
5	STK is my fav steak house ...  Ribeye with lobster on top ...!!!   Can't go wrong ,..Good job....!!!!!
5	Just recently visited this establishment for a Bachelor Party Dinner in the beginning of August. The food was delicious, service was superb and atmosphere was energetic! I had the 13oz Skirt Steak with bacon butter which I highly recommended. Others in my group order filets and bone in rib eyes and all were more than satisfied with their meals. For dessert I would encourage you to save room, so that you can sample the deliciousness of the sweet potato doughnuts! They were out of this world good! So if your in the dessert and have some money left over from the tables definitely try STK at the Cosmo I doubt you'll be disappointed!
1	It was alright. Had the lobster ravioli and flank steak. Honestly I can make a better ravioli than that hands down. And well the skirt steak. I'd had way better in Carne asada burritos. It is what it is. A glamorized steak house in vegas.
2	I'm generally not a steak person.  I have been to some nice steakhouses but I just can't manage to really get into it.  As such, STK was never high on my list of places to eat in Vegas.  I ended up going for a business dinner and was generally pleased, even for my steak-averse palate.Pros*The appetizers were amazing.  Hands down.  Everything we ordered was fantastic and they actually gave us the appropriate number of items based on the people at the table (might have been coincidence but I'll give them the point)*The music selection was late 90's and early 2000's that reminded me of days gone by.  It was not what you normally hear at a club or a restaurant so it was a fun change of pace*The drinks were fantastic and we were always asked about a fresh one before our glasses were empty*The steak!  I know!  I said it.  It was a pretty good steak.  I only had a few bites of someone else's but it was the complete opposite of where my mind goes when I think about steak.So far this review has been high-fives and kudos.  But that two star rating up there, that wasn't a mistake.  Every cloud has its silver lining, and at STK there were plenty of dark clouds to go with those small positive notes.Cons*The volume of the music is insane.  It started out manageable but we were basically shouting at each other by the time we left*The drink I ordered was $18, and that seemed to be about average*The sides were hit or miss.  Asparagus was cold but the truffle fries were like pillows of potatoey goodness.  The gratin was basically raw potatoes but the mushroom pot pie was flavorful, hot, and exotic tasting*The service.  Our waiter was great.  Friendly, outgoing, ready to make recommendations.  Unfortunately, after he took our order he was gone and never to be seen again.  Instead we ended up with a loitering busser.  As I mentioned earlier, this was a business dinner.  We were there to eat, of course, but we were also talking and enjoying our evening.  I guess we took too long to finish our appetizers because the server asked us no less than three times if he could clear anything away.  Every time we said no and he just slipped to the side and waited there.  It was like he was counting mississippi's in his head until he could ask us again.So we've finished our entrees.  We ordered a shared dessert and coffee.  We're winding our evening down when the manager comes over to the table.  I assumed that he was there to just say thank you since I'm sure our bill was near the $1000 mark for the evening.  Turns out he was basically kicking us out of our seat.  He said the restaurant was at capacity and he wanted to buy us a drink at the bar so we could free up the table.I'm sure there are people in Vegas who wish that their restaurants could be so full at 8pm on a weeknight that they are at capacity, but I can't tolerate being rushed from our table just because other people want to sit down.  I've waited at restaurants for over an hour because people weren't getting up and leaving, and that's just the way it goes.  If you dont like the wait time you go elsewhere.  It was really poor form that the manager asked us to vacate the table (after the check had been paid, mind you).Overall I am disappointed with STK.  I went into the experience expecting stellar service and mediocre food.  Turns out the food was the surprise winner and the service was just leaving much to be desired.
4	My friends and I came here for a bachelorette party of six. I ordered the 10 oz filet (cooked perfectly, just the way I wanted, medium and juicy) and Parmesan truffle fries (the best truffle fries I've tasted and cut thick, just the way I love my fries cut). They also bring out a small pot of bread for each person, which was tasty and cute. Service was very good and the waitress even bought us a round of shots because it was a bachelorette party, plus I think she thought the group was a bit too quiet for what we were celebrating lol. I would love to come here again and try the other steaks and entrees.Tip: If you're driving here, park in the East garage because it'll be a shorter walk to the restaurant.
5	Always the best time, the best waiters, the best food and music! So much fun try to get there after 8:30pm is my only suggestion!
5	Amazing atmosphere especially following any concert venue here!  Great Vibe;  great Martinis, wonderful WINE list, amazing Steaks!  Love the decor--Amazing music-  gorgeous people !!!!!
4	I've been to Vegas again since eating at STK and honestly it's all I thought about the whole time. Since Vegas has so many options, I hate going to the same place twice. I have this guilty feeling that I'm missing out on something, however this time around, I'm genuinely pissed at myself.  STK is perfect for a late meal before clubbing, or for a lively group of people that don't mind eating dinner in a loud atmosphere. We walk in and the place was jamming. They had a DJ spinning AWESOME 90's R&B and Rap and all the servers were on their A game. The food was fresh, delicious and came out promptly - but not so fast where you think it's not being cooked for you. The coolest part about STK is going to the kitchen and seeing the chef's line with their amazing view. The chefs are having just as much fun as all of the guests. I'd highly recommend STK and will absolutely be visiting my next time in Vegas.
5	I honestly do not understand the negative reviews. if you are looking to have a quiet and boring dinner experience then I'm not sure what you are doing in Las Vegas and this restaurant is definitely not for you.We had an amazing time the food and service was incredible. Eddy was our server and he was so awesome! So energetic, fun and knowledgeable. We started with the shellfish platter the flavor of all the seafood was all so good, so fresh so succulent mmmm... this honestly was so filling it would have satisfied us for dinner. Did we stop there though? Nope! next we got the Wagyu, I have never had Wagyu before and OMG!!! Now I know what I have been missing it was incredible!  It literally melts in your mouth! Honestly if you have an opportunity to order this, do it! You deserve to treat yourself! We all ordered a steak as well I got the 10 oz filet, medium rare with king crab Oscar topping. The steak was cooked so perfectly it honestly did not need the topping but the crab was very delish as well. All of our steaks were so perfect we all like medium rare but my brother in law ordered a bone in and Eddy our server suggested he ordered medium due to the bone it would come out a little more on the rare side if he were to go with medium rare. Eddy was on point with his suggestion. We also got the creamy Yukon potatoes, green beans and sweet corn pudding. We were so full with all the food and wine we were consuming! But we were having a blast and kept moving our bodies because the atmosphere was so fun they were playing the jams! A mix of 80's 90's and 00's, I have seen complaints of the noise level of the music and honestly I could hear what everyone in my table was saying and even our server.Okay so we are singing along to our fave songs dancing while our plates are being removed from our table and we are so in the moment I did not notice they were laying out small plates in front of us we had a confused look on our face, what Is this for? And then Eddy brings out 2 shots for each of us and then they bring out desserts!! Omg!! Donuts with this glaze, whip cream and pecans! And a Panna cotta with strawberry topping! I think we all said at the same time "Eddy! What are you doing to us!!" Lol, We were so full how are we going to eat this! Well those 2 shots that were brought out,I am not sure what the first was I just drank it and the second was ginger beer, Eddy said this would help make us feel less full or something to that effect I had a lot of wine by now :) it must have worked because we dug right into the desert which was so incredible it was like a party in my mouth. Our whole time there we just were amazed with each bite, each sip, each song and each encounter we had with Eddy. We were headed to the club later that night so we had to run but I honestly did not want to leave and I had so much more fun at STK then I did at the night club. Thank you so much Eddy and STK for the amazing experience!!!!
5	I've found my new favorite steakhouse in Vegas!  I made reservations way in advance for a friend's bachelorette party.  We came on a Saturday night at 7:30pm, and were seated pretty quickly.  Our servers were awesome!  Everyone was super nice!  I had bought a round of shots for the table, and our server came back with a 2nd round on him!  All of us ordered some form of steak, and we thoroughly enjoyed every last bite.  I topped my fillet with foie gras and it was heaven!  I'm still very upset that CA banned it!  We ordered sides to share: creamed spinahc, parmesan truffle fries, mac & cheese, mushroom pot pie and the special trio of mac & cheese.  Oh, and I can't forget about their bread!  It was topped with melted blue cheese, and we ate it all!  Either we're a bunch of pigs or all the food was delicious because there was nothing left.Another reason we loved the restaurant was the music.  The DJ was spinning hip hop and he had us dancing in our seats.  Even the table next to us was having a great time and danced as they got up to walk around!  It does get pretty loud in the restaurant, so don't go there expecting to have a quiet, romantic dinner. The only one bad thing I could even think of for STK was the single stall for the bathrooms.  Not very convenient.  But everything else was superb!
5	Amazing! We went here with a bachelorette party and the entire party is now raving about this steakhouse. We made reservations about a month prior and when we arrived at 7:30 for our dinner we were seated within five minutes. Our waiter Mags seriously made the experience so great. He had the best people skills and kept us thoroughly entertained. Now for the food- we all ordered steaks that were cooked perfectly; mine in particular with the red wine sauce which was fantastic. We ordered a few sides to share and wish we would of realized how big the sides actually were .  Definitely not necessary for everyone to order their own side! Overall I'd highly recommend this spot! The music is bumping good ol hip hop jams and the vibe is just so fun in there!
4	3.5ish! We came here for my boyfriend's birthday dinner. If you like being wined and dined, this is not that place. It's more like a pre-party restaurant. It's really dark inside, kind of like a club -- which includes the choice/volume of the music. Service was really nice, although there were some servers who thought they were entertainers and clapped in my ears really loudly to the beat of the music every time they passed by.The food was great! Nothing to complain about if you like a nice steak. But for the price, I think there is better food/service/atmosphere in Vegas. It really depends on what you're in the mood for!
4	Elizabeth and Matt nice have made our 2 visits amazing.  We came in a month ago no reservation and sat the bar.  It was the best decision we have ever made.  We went with an old fashioned and cocktail for my gf... They were on point!  Dinner we had a wedge salad the candied tomato balances the richness of the blue cheese it was awesome.  Filet was cooked to perfection. Sides Mac n cheese and soy glazed haricot vert were perfect.  But I must say the dessert sweet potato doughnuts will blow you mind... Both visits we made here were a 5 but I know that yelp deletes 5* reviews so I gave a 4!  We will be back stk is not pretentious or boring like other steak houses it is the perfect place for us
5	Literally the most amazing meal I've ever had.  A friend that goes to Vegas on the regular, swore up and down I had to eat at STK.  Obviously a meal this fantastic isn't cheap, but it was worth it, since we weren't hitting places like this every night.  We were able to score a prime table (thanks to my friend) and was immediately greeted.  We chose a nice bottle of wine, and off we went.  Everyone at the table ordered a petite filet, which was the perfect amount for a girl.  I've heard rave reviews about the bone in rib eye, but with all the sides we ordered, I just couldn't.  We also ordered the asparagus, creamed corn and mac and cheese with truffle and lobster.   The mac and cheese was the real star, absolutely mouth watering, and served in a cast iron skillet.  Coming from the South, this mac and cheese is in my top 3 easily.  Creamed corn was also very very tasty.  Service was outstanding, as I never wanted for anything.  Also, what I really liked about STK was the music.  This is the only restaurant I've ever experienced that I didn't know if I should eat or dance.  The DJ that was spinning was really really great.  STK is packed full of beautiful people just like the Cosmopolitan, so with the great food, great wine, kicking music and eye candy, your dining experience is complete!
5	Oh how I love thee. This is one of my favorite steak places in Las Vegas. You really can't beat the atmosphere and the food. It is a little tough to get into, so plan ahead and call for reservations. My meal was fairly basic - filet, salad and truffle mac-n-cheese. Although the selection was basic, the food was outstanding. We also had great service and again . . . the restaurant has a really good ambiance!!!
3	Came here for a bachelorette dinner. I was starving so, it tasted GOOD but it wasn't that good. I guess I expected more in every sense. The service was average and that's being nice. The food was average, as well. Foie gras and waffles - Meh.Filet - OK, a little cold. Potatoes - tasted like flour. Very starchy. Not good.Mac n cheese - average.Creamed corn - probably my favorite part. We had another side but I don't even remember it (that says something).Come to think of it, maybe, the bread was my favorite part. Although, when I asked our server if there was bread coming out she snapped at me. I WAS HUNGRY, GEEZ!I was disappointed so we skipped dessert :(I would suggest CUT instead.
5	We got a private room and was able to control the music level. Food was amazing and we all love our drinks. Must try!!!!
5	We had a party of 14, they put us in this awesome room and took great care of us!!  Jax was our waitress and she was amazing!! The truffle mashed potatoes were amazing. We were there for me and my friends 30th birthday and she made it a party and a great experience. All of our steaks/food was perfect.
5	Love love this place!!The food is amazing the music is energetic.  Love the DJ roger.  And the best waiter ever Cesar Chaves
5	Amazing! Best restaurant in Vegas! Atmosphere was nice and hip. food was delicious!! Not cheap but worth every penny! Highly recommend!
5	Fabulous meal here ! Good energy and music! Everything is delicious !! Staff is great too!!
4	I had fillet steak and it was delicious.  The creamed corn was to die for ... I would definitely recommend it.The service was really good but I would definitely book a table in advance as we were given 'bar' seats and they were so damn uncomfortable. It is quite expensive but for a once in a while treat its probably worth it.We were also fortunate to eat before the DJ made his mark on the place and given that we were sat right next to the booth I'm glad we got out of there before. I would recommend this place but only for a special occasion or treat due to the price.
4	Holy Yummy!!' The Wagu Beef Sliders were out of this world! The pork belly was so good as were the mashed potatoes and our Filef. The atmosphere was super cool, the music was AWESOME!!! The only reason I didn't give it a 5 was because our server was super terrific but the assistant servers were a little weird...other than that, great great time and a must go if you are in Vegas!
5	I realize that STK is some hyper-cool, vowel-free play on the word "steak", but I also hoped that it might also be an acronym for something.  Perhaps "Sexy Trendy K____", but I couldn't think of an appropriate K-word.  Oh well.Linguistics aside, STK is a rad place for dinner.  Located in the P3 restaurant zone of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, STK is nothing like your typical, stuffy, smoke-filled Vegas steakhouse.  At STK, ultramodern decor, Ed Hardy button-down shirts, sky-high hooker heels, free-flowing cocktails, and loud electronic music rule the day.  I would expect no less at the Cosmo.I had my first STK experience when I met some friends for dinner at the bar on a Friday night.  The place was packed solid, but it was mostly groups waiting for tables in the dining room, leaving the bar empty.  (Side note: The bar is all curvy and gorgeous, but it comes at the expense of leg room.  Tall people beware.)I ordered a delicious Pinot Grigio (thanks for the heavy pour!) and noshed on the free bread (loved the blue cheese butter and chive olive oil!) while browsing the menu.  There are lots of traditional steakhouse items, but plenty of fish and vegetarian options make STK a good option for any sort of diner.  Our group ordered a bunch of different items, which was ideal for sampling and tasting:** Foie gras and waffles.  This appetizer was absolutely **amazing**.  Easily the best foie preparation I've ever had (but, admittedly, I haven't tried all that many).  Loved the sear on the foie, and how the sweet huckeberry gastrique cut through the savory foie.  The waffles were crispy and light as air, too.** Beet salad.  Simple, but outstanding.  The beets were perfectly cooked and had a nice sweetness.  Plenty of goat cheese and pistachio pesto, too.** 7 oz filet.  Admittedly, I'm not much of a steak guy -- but this filet was out of this world.  Its texture was like butter, and it had amazing flavor.  (More hardcore carnivores may probably opt for a larger cut, but 7 oz was just right for me.)  ** Broccolini.  An ideal side dish, since it was excellently cooked, and provided a nice crunch to contrast with the filet.** Sweet potato donuts.  You might not think of STK as a dessert destination, but these divine donuts might change your mind.  Sweet potato made for an unusual twist on a conventional donut, and a gooey and decadent pecan glaze brought it all together.  Heaven!Service was outstanding.  Pretty much everyone on the staff looks like a model, with sex appeal dripping out of every pore -- but don't expect "Vanderpump Rules"-style drama or catty behavior.  Quite the contrary -- the staff at STK are 100% professional and courteous, and quite friendly.  The pacing of the dishes was nice and steady, and we were never felt rushed or pressured to leave, even as we lingered over glasses of wine for maybe ~30 min after we had paid our tab.I was definitely impressed by STK.  The whole experience was PRFCT.
2	Ive been here before and have always had great experiences. This past sunday I invited a few friends out for a nice birthday dinner.  I expected nothing less than to receive the same great service and food. However, the experience was terrible. When they brought out my cousins steak, they brought out the wrong streak. Once they brought the right one it was under cooked. Then, my filet bone in was under cooked.  Plus both steaks were really tough.Out of all the times I've been here, this experience was terrible to the point that I wont be returning.
5	We went here on a Saturday night as a party of five to celebrate a 21st birthday.  Other than the celebrant, the rest of the party was, shall we say, a bit older. We had a terrific experience.  We preordered a birthday cake, which was seamless.  We had a 7 pm res on a Saturday and got seated after about fifteen minutes....just time enough to get a round of cocktails.  Much of the seating is semi circular booths, which works very well, allowing privacy and the ability to look at the other patrons.  The music was loud but never too loud.  We had a really great server, Jeremy.  He was terrific and really looked after us. The food very very good.  Foie and waffles, excellent.  Steaks and dipping sauces, terrific.  Oysters were excellent.  Salads also very good as well as the creamed corn.  And the bread service was really really good.  Highly recommended, and ask for Jeremy !
5	The music, ambiance, and vibe are amazing ! Everyone dining is so happy and you can see they are really enjoying their food. My pear endive salad was great and my filet mignon medallion was phenomenal! We were a party if 8 and everyone raved about the food! I have dined here several times and have never been disappointed!
2	Didn't like it at all. First of all it's totally expensive and the service is preety slow. The fillet minion is nice but the appetizer is expensive .U need to wait too long at the line cuz u need to make a reservation before.Next time try to tell that you are the hotel guests maybe they will treat u better
2	This restaurant is very energetic but it is also very loud and it was next to impossible to hear anyone from the other side of the table.The food was mediocre at best. I had the filet and it was extremely dry. My friend got the bone in filet and he said that it was a little better but not much.There is no way that I would go here again especially since everything was way over priced.We have been to several steak houses in Vegas and this is by far the worst.
5	Not exaggerating...every time I have been here it's an epic meal. The best steak, apps, and I just finished eating their sweet potato donuts and WOW!! Best...donut...ever!!! Obviously extremely expensive but worth every penny!!!!!!
4	Was fun and the food was delicious! Not a stuffy steakhouse. You have to save room for the sweet potato doughnuts!
5	A recommendation from a friend sent us to STK and it was superb. Our group of 8 enjoyed a fabulous meal in a lively atmosphere. I personally had a blue cheese encrusted sirloin and it was excellent. Service as also excellent. Don't want to miss this place!
5	This was our 'splurge' dinner on our trip last weekend to Vegas.  We had a group of 8 people for early evening reservations.  We got to our table right away and were greeted by our waiter, Teddy.  Teddy KILLED the presentation and specials for the evening.  I think that our entire group was sold from the minute that we sat down. the place was hoppin.  The environment was like a party without any sort of craziness.  As for the food, I had the wedge salad.  It had huge chunks of bleu cheese and bacon along with these funky pickled tomatoes.  It was really good.   I then went with the 16oz sirloin with shitake mushrooms on top.  I love red meat and this thing was massive!!  I felt like John Candy in "Great Outdoors" eating the Ole '96er.  Although I didnt finish the steak, i enjoyed every single bite.As for the sides...we went with the truffle fries, mac/cheese, yukon potatoes and the sweet corn pudding.  I would have licked the bowl of the pudding, if allowed. Man, it was good.After dinner, everyone was stuffed until Teddy introduced dessert.  Ok, get this...Sweet Potato doughnuts with maple glaze and crumbled walnuts.  I'm a foodie, and these were the most ridiculously good doughnuts we all ever had.  Our bill for 8 with wine and cocktails AND gratuity came out to about $100 a person.  To me, that's a splurge but my wife and I would spend it again in a minute.  There are a lot of fine restaurants in Vegas.  STK on an all around perspective could not have been a better dining experience for us.
4	The pork belly sushi was weird, I don't think it worked. Marrow; I'm also not that into it but  I'm sure if you like it, it was amazing, steak was great. Bread Pudding was great. Expected.
5	This has been my favorite steak experience in Vegas. We've been to SW, Gallagher's and Cut. We walked in with no reservation and got a seat in the bar. Our server was attentive at first, but then went kind of MIA - she explained later that she had no tables when we got there and then got 10 all at once. It was true and I did feel bad for her - that's too many tables! Moving on...the food was fantastic. The steaks were prepared perfectly and I also had a beet salad with a pistachio pesto that was probably the best beet salad I've ever had (and I get them every time I see one). We loved the chill atmosphere of STK - was not pretentious and we felt welcome. We will definitely be back!
2	I wanted to love you STK...I really did. Pros:If you instagram with #unmistkable you get a free glass of champyThe bok choy is to die forCons:5 of the 7 steaks that we ordered came out under or over done. 5! I expect this at Outback Steakhouse...not STK where I am paying $50 for a steak. Management was very quick to send them back to the kitchen, and while everyone was pleased with how theirs came back, mine was still overdone. I didn't want to hold up the group even longer (we were dining pre-concert) so I just ate it as-is.That being said, management was very good about providing us with new sides (so they were warm when our new steaks came out), free dessert and a % off the bill. Much appreciated for sure. It was just a disappointment that we had to experience that in the first place, when we were out for a big night. I can understand MAYBE getting 1 out of the 7 messed up.......but 5? Really?
5	Lived this place! Great food and the music was incredible! The DJ played a unique blend of music and we felt like we were in a hip nightclub! The drinks were great and my food was delicious! We liked it so much we went back for dinner the next night too! We loved the steaks and the crab ravioli. The people watching in tbis place was great too! The table across from us bought us a round of shooters. We also have been to the one in NYC and loved it too! We will be back!
3	I was here last week with a bunch of gals for a bachelorette weekend.  We wore the different color wigs (management, you know who I'm talking about). Anyway, ordered the ribeye steak (one of the more expensive steaks in the house) which was very nervy and fatty with very little flavor. One of my other girlfriends did too and had the same to say! The side dishes- mac n cheese and creamed spinach were ok. The mushroom pot pie was pretty good. The feedback from the rest of the group was that the less expensive plates were pretty good. The service was also pretty good and is the reason why I'm giving STK 3 STARS. I don't plan on going back though the next time I'm in Vegas. Gallagher's in New York New York is much better n the prices are comparable.
4	Depending on what side of the hotel you're coming through, you may have to wander throughout the Cosmopolitan lobby to find an escalator to take you to the restaurant. The wandering is well worth it! The service here is amazing. I had reservations and I was seated immediately upon arrival. My server was quick and friendly. My food arrived without any issues and tasted delicious. A little over priced for the portion size & the menu is limited but hey, that's STK.
3	Overrated in my opinion.   Average expensive steakhouse quality and service but just playing loud music.  Table of 7 had a 20% gratuity built in.   Glad I went but I probably won't ever go back.   Cost us $100 per person with tip for $50 steak, sides to share and 1 Bud Light.   No wine or cocktails.
1	Listen, people: maybe it was waiting until 11:15 PM to be seated, maybe it was the ear-splitting music which forced us to use our other senses, maybe it was purely hunger delirium -- but it was the best steak and sides we've ever had.None of that means anything. It's such a low number of stars to give for such a great meal, expertly served. It means that everything else that STK allowed to happen that night negated any strong points they earned.While waiting for a table, we were witness to such a mind-blowingly disgusting display that it prompted a very serious discussion of our group giving up our reservation altogether, going to In-N-Out Burger (no pun intended), and calling it a night.At the table next to us was a man who had obviously called an escort service, had them send a couple of "workers" to meet him at STK, and the three of them gave us a floor show of french kissing, gyrating, miming fellatio and cunnilingus, and general dry-humping, that it's a miracle we could keep our steaks down. Management came over (without us even saying anything -- obviously others were bothered, too) and had terse words with the man, which culled the trio's amorous activities -- temporarily, It was only a matter of minutes until they resumed their table-side  menage-a-trois. When they finally left (like the slow fade of a Viagra commercial), our party came to a realization: we were actually *surrounded* by other couples who were very obviously the products of a "business transaction" as opposed to.....actual dates. Gorgeous African-American young beauty in skin-tight scuba dress un-zippered to the navel seated with nebbish nerd, to cite an example.You bet we're in Vegas. Anything goes. And we're fully up for that. But when the conduct of certain patrons supersedes the comfort of others ponying up significant sums for their Wagyu beef, or the management at STK does not see the slippery slope of cheerfully opening their doors as a clubhouse for the sex trade, they might as well change the theme to Thai Ping-Pong Bar and be done with it. (or -- as it was suggested by some in the party -- change the name to "STD"?)  Hepatitis (or worse?)  on the forks is a legitimate but secondary concern:  how about the group of us simply wanting to enjoy a glorious steak at midnight served by a wait staff who really knows their stuff without having to be witness to a Hustler Letter to the Editor in the making?Stop the Ho's at the door. For the love of Christ, turn down the music. Now you've really got something.
5	Very expensive, but although my steak was overdone, which is usually unforgivable, the food was excellent on the whole. The sweet potato doughnuts and sticky toffee pudding were the highlights for me. I was dreading the DJ music but it surprisingly made for a very nice evening. They played a lot of older music and maybe we sat far enough away that it wasn't too loud. Excellent service.I don't really know Vegas, but I imagine this is "Very Vegas".
5	Heaven on a plate is called STK. Oh my Lord. Could you not taste anything more divine? Now, I've heard a lot of things about the popular Las Vegas STK: both good and bad. But the talk is not just talk; the talk is all true.We ordered a little bit of everything as all foodies do, in attempt to reveal the man behind the curtain (or kitchen) and see if the popular restaurant was what it was all cracked up to be. The steak was amazing; the chicken was delicious, but my ultimate favorite were the donuts. I have not, I repeat, HAVE NOT had any dessert quite like it. I actually have foodie remorse that I didn't eat dessert for dinner...hey, when in Vegas! The Brussel sprouts were not my favorite rendition of this beloved veggie, but they were still better than I expected. If you're looking for a few sides, feel free to pass on that one. But our server Collin and now favorite Las Vegas person alive, really set our experience over the top. I've never had a fun, talkative, experienced and attentive server like him before--anywhere. If every server were like him, every restaurant would be enticing. Until next time STK; your donuts will be in my dreams.
4	Me landing in a steakhouse is like me landing in a steakhouse. I ordered the blue cheese salad, carmelized asparagus and Kobe sliders as my entree which was met with icy silence from our, admittedly, awesome server who went to NECI. The asparagus was wonderful, the salad was salad-like and I was embarrassed to ask them to burn my sliders and they came out 'medium' if medium means purple. Apparently this is how you're supposed to eat these, so no deduction for me being a shut-in. We said no to dessert so our server brought a platter with fried sweet potato doughnuts, salted caramel gelato and ginger snaps. This increased her tip by twice what the dessert would have cost us so props to NECI. The people at my table who more closely resembled adults all were thrilled with their Filet, Sole and pumpkin ravioli. My seasonal boycott of all things pumpkin prevented me from sampling. I had three vodkas to close.
4	Such a nice surprise for my birthday trip to Vegas.  I wanted somewhere fun, good, and not too expensive to have a birthday dinner and this was perfect.PARKING: It's located in Cosmo, on the 3rd floor.  If you park in self-parking you have to walk kind of far because it's located near the lobby.ATMOSPHERE: The inside is dark and trendy.  With hanging ball lights and cool fixtures.  I made reservations for 6pm because we had to get to the club early and it was slightly crowded, but I'm sure it gets more crowded later on at night.  It was perfect for a fancy birthday dinner.  We got a half booth half table with 3 people sitting on chairs.  For attire I could see you getting away with a nice skirt and top, fancy top and jeans or dress.  You can't be overdressed here.I heard the music was super loud and fun, which makes the dinner experience better but at 6pm the music was kind of soft and more old school.  I think as the night went on it got louder and they were slowly making their way into the 90s but we didn't stay long enough to experience it.  FOOD: STEAK - Their cheapest steak is like $39 and they have a lot of other options but if you don't like steak I wouldn't come here.  My suggestion is to share the steak with someone else because it is pretty big and expensive.  My boyfriend and I shared the bone in rib steak (basically the rib eye) and it was plenty for both of us.  The steak itself doesn't come with anything so it's recommended you get sides ($12 each!) We got 4 to share among the 8 of us and it was plenty.  Beware though because we got the truffle mac n cheese and that was more than $12.  You can get "toppings" on top of your steak but it's not needed.  The steak itself is very flavorful and tasty without anything.SIDES -Truffle mac n cheese - The mac was the round short pastas usually in macaroni salad and I really liked that.  A good crust on the top with a yummy truffle flavor and pretty creamy mac n cheese.Truffle parmesan fries - They are thickly cut and are more like potato rectangles than fries.  They are stacked like Jenga and have parmesan and truffle oil on them. They were a little too potato-y and thick for my liking but everyone at the table loved them.Mushroom pot pie - A weird side but it was literally a pot pie with mushrooms, onions and a creamy sauce inside.  It tasted like truffle but I don't even know if it had truffle.  The top is a light crust, which wasn't that flaky and pretty thin.Bok Choy - Weird for a steak place but it was kinda spicy.  Very flavorful though with lots of soy sauce and garlic.  Not bad actually for some greens.Overall very impressed with STK.  I thought it would be more for the atmosphere but the food was really good! They even brought me out this chocolate cake/mousse for my birthday with a candle :)
3	I've eaten here twice so far, and I really love the atmosphere if you are trying to eat a nice steakhouse type dinner, but have a club like feeling at the same time. It's a fun, cool vibe if you are having dinner or drinks with friends. The music is always on point, but extremely loud, so if you're looking for an intimate quiet date night, this probably wouldn't be the place for you. The first time I went here, the food was good and a gf and I shared the medium sized ribeye which was cooked perfectly from what I can remember. The whole group of 6 girls shared about 3 or 4 different sides which were more than enough. The second time I went here though, the experience was not at all the same. Since we came with guys this time, the hubby and I were going to share the cowboy ribeye which is on the larger side. The waitress told us it would be a bit of a wait of about 30-45 mins since the cut was thicker, but said she would tell them to rush the order so the food would come out the same time as the rest of our group. We told her we didn't mind waiting, and we understood it may take longer. The food arrived....all at the same time. Now that wouldn't be a problem normally, but when I got my steak which I ordered to be cooked medium, the inside was ok, but the outside was COMPLETELY burnt, like I mean, charcoal burnt! When we ate it, I couldn't even taste the flavor of the steak, all I could taste was charcoal...bleh! Even my husband who likes burnt food, actually couldn't take it anymore. We realized after, that they were about an hour from closing time and were rushing to get the orders out. An hour to closing when I got my food, not when I put my order in btw. I mean, if I'm going to pay $85 for the steak alone, please take your time and cook it correctly! That left a bad taste in my mouth (literally) so I probably won't be making a trip back. I did leave 3 stars since my first experience wasn't as horrible, our server was super friendly this time, and the creamed corn was REALLY good! However, for a place that specializes in steak, they need to make that their priority.
3	Expectations were low, STK cleared the bar easily.  Good experience overall. Service was speedy (too speedy?). Apps were tasty. Steaks were medium, asked for medium rare so no huge loss.  Great flavor. Truffle butter was pricey but with it. Only miss was the lobster risotto, tough to get right though. Highlight outside of the food was the vibe of this place. It's fun, music was great. Never too loud though. 5 stars means perfect, 4 close to it. There are a lot of average restaurants, this is better than average so 3 stars. I'd return and recommend.
5	We had reservations at 9pm.  Arrived at 8:55pm and was seated almost immediately which was a nice surprise.  The place was packed and filled with people.  Music very loud, but we've been here before so its expected.  Very good old school hip hop surprisingly.  I had the 34 cowboy ribeye cooked perfectly and tasted great!  Bok choy and oysters were excellent too.
5	I ate here with my wife and her sister and brother in law the last time we came to vegas. We were given some food credit at the Cosmopolitan so we decided to use it at STK. We ordered the tuna tartare as an appetizer. It was pretty small to share for 4 people but is pretty good for 2. It tasted very delicious for the small portion it was. The house bread they offered was really good. For the main course, I ordered the bone-in rib steak. The steak was to die for. The steak was really tender and full of flavor. You didn't need to have extra sauces or toppings. It was fine as is. We also ordered the 3 mac and cheese side and also the brussels sprouts. The sides were pretty bomb! Just beware, the 3 mac and cheese side was around $55. It isn't on the menu but it was really good and glad we ordered it.The inside of the restaurant is really nice. The decor is very modern. It is located inside of the Cosmopolitan on the 3rd floor. I'd definitely eat here again if I could. The steak was amazing and definitely worth trying!
5	Best Truffle mac n cheese in Vegas!
5	STK is located in the Cosmopolitan. It is so delicious!  If you're looking for a good place to eat and don't mind spending the money, try this place out. After you order your food, they bring out some house bread which was pretty good. For appetizer, I shared the Tuna tartare. It was so good but the portion is pretty small.  It's good to share maybe with 1 other person. I shared the bone in rib steak (20 oz) and good thing I shared because both me and my sister couldn't even finish our own half!  The steak was sooo good. It was so flavorful without a topping or sauce. It was charred perfectly. Probably one of the best steaks I've eaten.  We also ordered the trio mac n cheese which was off the menu. It was regular mac n cheese, lobster, and truffle. This was good enough for 4 people. My favorite was the truffle mac n cheese.  We also shared the Brussels sprouts with bacon, also off the menu, and it was delicious. Just an FYI, the trio mac n cheese is $55. We also got drinks which were on the pricey side. Service was on point. Our server was really nice and the food came out quick.
5	Phenomenal food, impeccable service, fun clubby atmosphere. Perfect restaurant for a non-boring date or dinner with a group. Such a great experience!
4	Went to STK for my birthday dinner a few weeks ago and everything: food, ambiance, and service were all right on point. Even though I do not eat meat, STK had plenty of seafood/veggie options for me to pick from. Only complaint would be that our server overly explained every dish on the menu to us but since its Vegas and inside a hotel I'm assuming his customers food knowledge ranges far more than the typical upscale steak house.
5	We had an excellent dinner tonight!  Tuna appetizer and sea bass special was amazing. Rob was our server and gave great service and creative drink suggestions. Overall a wonderful experience!
5	We went on thanksgiving night and it was a fabulous experience! Dinner started with bread and olive oil with chives. We ordered steaks, the pear salad, mushroom pot pie, and curry cauliflower. The cocktails were also great. Attentive staff and intimate ambience.
1	Where do I start? Ok it was 8;30 pm on a Wednesday night, I ordered a glass of pinot Noir & the crab Citrus appetizer along with there (blue fine tuna dinner with wasabi mash potatoes. the crab appetizer came to the table in about 7 minutes, still waiting for my wine wtf?. Ok. They are not busy here at all just a few Guy knuckleheads at the bar loud as fk even louder than the Dj which was way way to loud for a 3/4 empty place. Ok back to the food and still no wine. ? Really ? Now my meal shows up 17-19 minutes later and still no wine. I tell my waitress what happens to my wine? OMG ITS TOTALY MY FAULT I FORGOT. I will get it for you now. really ? I reply no thanks I'm fine with my water. Now back to my tuna dinner. ? Really dinner ? Or a sushi bar appetizer with one small spoon full of wasabi mash ? Wow really $38 for this come on STK. Dont order the tuna unless you want to be starving after.  No wine and still hungry so I decided to order the apple pie. Weeeeeeek. Very weak.  Sara Lee frozen taste better. I give one star. Weak weak weak. Bogus.
4	Ambiance is great at this swanky, pre-clubbing restaurant. 5 stars for people watching and evening dress competitions. We liked the carpaccio that literally fell off your fork, and the accompanying angel hair presto pasta was a great. (The accompanying sauce was a little too sweet.) 14oz. peppercorn sirloin was solid and not too peppery, but the filet medallion was merely good -- not top-notch meat quality in either case. Cocktails were very well done, especially the Absolut Elixer martinis.
4	came here with my girls for our last semi sober dinner in vegas. the food was phenomenal. i still prefer the one in new york (meat packing district) but this place was still amazing. great service. you wont be dissapointed!
3	Ordered the bone-in filet. Steak was really good quality and cooked perfectly (rare).  Unfortunately it was served room temperature.
5	Great steak, gorgeous servers, and trendy atmosphere like a dance club/lounge. Highly recommended.
5	In my 32 years of life I have never ever had such an amazing experience as I did last night. Our waiter Mags and his team took such great care of us. The music, atmosphere and insane food are out of this world. I have never hugged my waiter after a meal but we felt like family once we left. We can't wait to go back.
4	We always try a new steakhouse each trip to Vegas and this was our pick on our most recent trip since we were staying at the Cosmopolitan.  I referenced my husband's 40th birthday on Opentable but it wasn't mentioned.Our party of 4 was seated shortly after our reservation at 7:00 p.m. on a Saturday night.  The restaurant was crowded.  I had worried about it being too loud and although they were playing 80's music, it was not overpowering, although it isn't a quiet restaurant.I ordered a drink called a strawberry cobbler and it was really good and hubby got a Manhattan which he liked.  We didn't order appetizers.  There is a bread with blue cheese butter served and they tell you you can decline the butter if you want.  We got it and it was ok.Myself and one other ordered the 7 oz filet, hubby got the short rib and another got the ahi tuna steak.  We also got sides of mac & cheese and green beans.  The sides are $12 and small and are really meant for 2, not 4 but we managed.Everything was good--my steak was cooked perfectly.  You are encouraged to top your steak with a topping or sauce and I wished I would have because it was very plain.  But it was good.  Everything liked what they had.We had a really great server.  Overall, we enjoyed our meal here.
3	Was in town for the nightclub and bar convention at the Las Vegas convention center. Had dinner at STK with friends and clients.Holy cow the music was soooooooo loud, no one could hear anything, I'm surprised the waiter even heard us yelling our order!!  We could not wait to get out of there!However!!!  The food was awesome! Great steak!  And I had to try the $17 Mac and cheese, and pot pie sides....best I've ever had!!!Easily 5 stars had the volume of the music not been louder than the 12th man stadium in Seattle!
5	Best filet i've had...ever!  Sides were super awesome too.  Brussel sprouts and the Mac and Cheese were off the chain!  Great selection of wines, too!  Definitely a restaurant to visit when in Vegas!
4	Mushroom pie was delicious & the steak was perfectly cooked, but I got a couple salty patches that were a bit shocking. They were so generous to bring a dessert for my boyfriends birthday. Nice atmosphere- not like your regular quiet steakhouse.
1	Not entirely sure what the hype is with this place... I got the cowboy ribeye, and it was so charred the steak was borderline disgusting. (and I ordered a medium rare!) The inside was the perfect redness but once you get in there, the steak is DRY. We got one side - the creamed spinach... and it literally just tasted like spinach with cream on top of it. Go to any other steakhouse - Gordon Ramsay Steak, Mastros, Cut, and they will show you what real good creamed spinach tastes like. Definitely will not be returning and I will be telling my friends not to go too.
3	Got reservation through Open Table. Got there and the manager / host guy seemed more interested in shaking hands and hugging it out with his bros than checking us  in. We stood there for 15 minutes as we watched other parties of two being seated ahead of us despite the fact they checked in after us AND we had reservations. Finally went back up to the desk to inquire and the girl working there asked why we hadn't checked in. I told them that we did 15 minutes ago and they bro-manager at the desk muttered "It was like 10 minutes." At any rate, they quickly realized that no one had checked us in and seated us promptly after with no apology for the mix up. Our server on the other hand, was delightful. Very friendly and attentive. We started with the tartare and the beet salad. Both were yummy. The tartare had truffles shaved on it, so win in my book. My husband got the filet and I got the ribeye. He loved his filet, my ribeye was nothing to write home about. Definitely not the best steak I've ever had. The truffle fries, while good, were over hyped by the Yelpers on here. We also got the carrots and while they were good - they weren't amazing. I did love my cocktail. It had a bit of heat to it, which I really liked. Overall started out with a bad experience at check-in followed by a mediocre meal. We also got a stern email from Open Table as "no-shows" for our reservation. Icing on the mediocre cake.
4	Very good steak house.Loud music, and good food! Very 'Las Vegas'.The bread was very good, and the steak also, we asked for a Porterhouse to share, and it was a good quantity.The problem was that, as my wife asked for a 'well' steak, it was too cooky, but our fault.Nevertheless, the sides were very good.If you are in Vegas, you should go there, for sure.
3	The Hooters of steakhouses, which might mean you'll like it or that you'll be kind of ashamed you ate here.
3	Not super impressed by this fancy steak house.  I did like the ambience and the music made it very vegas-like, but the food itself wasn't that great.  The steak was too charred for my taste, so it felt over-powering and I couldn't really enjoy the tenderness or quality of the beef.  I was at Flemings a few weeks earlier and actually enjoyed their steak a lot more.  I came with a large group and we tried practically all the appetizers and sides.  The favorites of the night were the beef tartare, pork belly, and mac & cheese.  Everything else was bleh.  I didn't come to the steakhouse to eat sides and appetizers though, so the steak was the biggest let down.  The cocktails are pretty strong.  I had a strawberry cobbler, which is very martini like and definitely left me buzzed at the end of dinner!  The restaurant is really pretty though and the service was great.
5	Amazing service and I personally feel the food is fantastic. Obviously expensive but that's all part of the fine dining experience..It's always happening when I come so I wouldn't recommend this place for a quiet dinner, great place for celebrations, holidays, etc. one item I order every time I come and will never go without are the sweet potato dessert donuts. It's become my favorite dessert! And ps there is a dress code! pretty strict
5	Love love love this spot my fav spot togo to for steak in Vegas super trendy and fun!! Amazing vibe !!
5	This has become my favorite steak house in Las Vegas. It is a nice departure from the traditional steak house. The decor is modern. The music is a little louder and a lot more fun. There is even a DJ on weekends. This is a steak house where you can have a great meal and have some fun.Our server was excellent. She was attentive, friendly and very helpful. She did a good job holding a real conversation with us through out the evening.For our meal we started with the Pork Belly. It was great. It is a small portion that can only be shared by two or three people. The flavors were on point though. For my meal I ordered a Filet Mignon with Blue Cheese Crust and Bearnaise Sauce on the side. The steak was prepared perfectly. The flavors of the steak, crust and sauce combined for a great taste.For our sides we chose the Sweet Corn Pudding and the Mac & Cheese. The mac & cheese was creamy, rich and had good flavor. It is a solid side. The corn pudding, though, is fantastic. This was a great surprise. It sounds kind of boring and plain, but it had great flavor and textures. Definitely give it a try. You will not be disappointed.
