5	I have been to two Crossfit gyms before this one, and I have to say Blur is by far my favorite!Compared to other Crossfit gyms in the valley, Crossfit Blur is easily the most fun!  The energy at this gym is amazing and positive, and the trainers are always pushing me to do things I did not think were physically possible.  This gym has such an upbeat attitude, no one ever seems to feel intimidated or out of place.There is a great range of athletes at this gym, from those training to compete in Crossfit competitions (like myself!!) to those who just want to lose a little bit of jiggle and have a good time.  No matter what you are there for, the trainers always give you 100 percent of there attention and constantly push you to improve.What I love most about this gym is the diversity of the workouts.  Rather than a typical strength exercise, followed by a short met-con, Crossfit Blur really mixes it up!  If you have a minute, check out the WODs on their website... they are nuts!! (in a good way)Love Love LOVE this gym! :)
5	BEST GYM EVER. BEST TRAINERS EVER.  I have worked out with 5 personal trainers in my life....and these guys are the best.  And crossfit workouts are the best workouts out there.  I joined because I needed to mix up my routine, get more EFFECTIVE workouts, and not work out with some lame trainer at Mountainside or LA Fitness that just has me do machines while he texts his girlfriend and watches the clock.  The trainers at crossfit blur are extremely knowledgeable and actually care about us members .... they are SO nice and give everyone tons of personal attention.  I love how they make sure our form is perfect and safe.....that is one of the most important things to me!Crossfit Blur is perfect for people of any fitness level. I am probably the slowest, weakest girl there right now (I am pretty new) but I still LOVE it!! I leave every day feeling like I just had the hardest workout of my life...in a fabulously addicting  and good way!  Every session is different. I totally look forward to going every day. Worth every penny.
5	I died, came back to life and wanted to do it all over again.  And it only took 10 minutes. When I first started with Crossfit Blur I was completely out of shape.  As I've gotten older it's something that's increasingly been on my mind and seemingly harder to do. The thing is, I haven't found something that I can really stick with on a long-term basisAt CrossFit Blur with zero commitment and a free week to see what all the hype was about, how could I not sign up and give it a shot.  The gym itself is a big open concrete room with various weights, ropes, and torture devices ... ahem I mean exercise tools.  I was nervous, excited and a bit confused since this was all new to me. I was quickly greeted by Jake who showed me around and introduced me to people stretching or waiting to start their workout. After a quick warm up session he set up a "nice' workout for me:  500 m row, 40 squats, 30 push ups, 20 sit ups, and 10 jump pulls ups. Sounds easy, right? Well by the end my arms were buckling underneath me, my breathing was strangled and I felt like jumping in the air would literally kill me. But then it was over.  I laid on the floor too weak to move except to take a few gulps from my water bottle and day one was over.Six months later I have become a real CrossFit junkie and at this point I can't imagine missing a day.  So far I have lost 25 lbs, I am down 4 sizes and have gained endurance, strength, and a family of fellow cross fitters who encourage and really push me to push myself.  I'd encourage anyone and everyone to give this a try... the amount of camaraderie and commitment demanded of such a physically grueling program really knocks you out of that boring gym routine and into a world where exercise is exciting. Brutal, but exciting.  If you are wanting serious results and ready to change your life CrossFit blur is the place for you.
5	Crossfit Blur is an energy filled environment that kicks your booty into gear!When I initially met the trainers, I felt very comfortable and at ease with my fitness goals in their hands. The gym is unlike global gyms. It has a very open concept and simple equipment. They have little challenges within the gym that really motivate you to workout more in order to achieve your personal fitness goals.I have been a member of LA Fitness and used to watch all the muscle heads walk around there. Crossfit Blur peeps are very easy going and everyone is welcoming of new members. We all remember our first day and it's great to see new people come so far doing Crossfit.I highly recommend trying the gym out and bring a friend. I have been a member for 7 months now (they've been open for 9) and am not interested in looking anywhere else. They have free classes on Saturday! Here's their website: http://www.crossfitblur.com/#!home|mainPageLike them on facebook! :)
5	You need Crossfit Blur in your life.I've always been a little lazy when it comes to my workout regimen- would go to yoga once in awhile and try to go for a jog on occasion, but could usually find something better to do. Like watch Law and Order...for a few hours. A friend of mine finally convinced me to check out Blur and I finally obliged. Being the "chubby girl" all my life, I was so intimidated to walk in and see these incredibly fit people climbing around the gym like spider monkeys. Jake and Justin made me feel at ease immediately. They scaled down the workouts into something manageable (but still ass-kicking) and working out has finally become fun and enjoyable. Even the members themselves are so nice! Everyone introduces themselves and cheers you on.Long story short, this is a great place to be! It's been just over two months and I look forward to coming here as often as possible and trying to be better than I was the day before. Justin, Jake, and the rest of the Blur crew will make you feel right at home and get you into amazing shape!
5	I looked at a lot of crossfit boxes across the valley. I got the free sessions, and free trials. None of them felt right, either it was too pricey, too limited on classes, or unwelcoming. I finally found Crossfit Blur through word of mouth. I emailed them, and got the tour. I came in and Justin, who gave me the tour, was all smiles. He was patient and friendly, and wasn't pushy. I didn't feel like I was buying a car like at the other boxes. He explained the price, which was among the cheaper prices of the other boxes. There was no contract, and no limit on how many classes you can attend. I worked out there for a week. I got to meet the other owner, Jake, who is also all smiles. Both are very helpful and help make the new experience less intimidating. 4 months later, my girlfriend and I are both members, and I am down 35lbs and in the best shape of my life. Why this gym/box over the others? The owners, the members, and the atmosphere. I feel welcomed, encouraged, and committed. I don't dread waking up and having to workout, I look forward to it.
5	If you've been looking into crossfit and consider giving it a shot, look no further. Blur has exceeded my every expectation for nearly a year. From a fundamentals standpoint, their training is fun, comprehensive, and most of all effective. Having the trainers be the best performing athletes in the box really speaks to how solid their programming and training philosophy is.Best of all, Blur is a great community of people makes the hardest and most intense workout still an enjoyable and fun experience. The people are friendly, the workouts are hard, and the experience is real. You'll see results, laugh, make friends, and quickly realize that its worth every bit of what you pay for (oh yeah, they're very affordable as far as crossfit boxes go, and every membership is an unlimited use membership).
