1	On Monday, April 21, 2014, I went on a quest to find this business on  the Quest Website and followed their directions completely. They list a lab at this place, in their interactive application, so I filled out all the details and set up an appointment. Well, when I got to the address there were many stores jammed into a shopping area, but NO QUEST in site. I explored from Sahara Av, South to the next block. without seeing anything that had a sign saying they are a Quest Diagnostics business. My feeling is that there is none at this address, but then why would they be having people filling out online forms and picking out a time for their appointment? So, maybe hidden behind McDonalds or the cut-rate furniture outlet, there is a Quest Lab.  If you find it, great, but I think you should make sure you know exactly where the darn place is located.  While trying to find it I tried to call them, but the only number is an 866 number and the connection was horrible. Either I could not get through at all or the staff person could barely be heard and put me on hold (twice this happened) and then I was cut off.  I've emailed the company and maybe they have an answer to the mystery. In the meantime, I went back to Labcorp which has always provided good customer service and where, when they give a address, it is where they are. Of course, it seems like most of Las Vegas organizations forego signage and street numbers, so do your homework and hope for the best. Finally, don't get fooled, as I did, by any purported Quest at 3025 S. Maryland Parkway, as that one closed and the building is abandoned. No sign, of course.
4	Went to this new, squeaky-clean location in a nearby strip mall (which formerly housed Albertson's) after two botched attempts at trying to get my blood work done early in the week (Monday after work, I went to the location on eastern near flamingo, but it was closed, and the clerk simply said" We're closed, that's why the man closed the door." First of all, no hours are posted on the door, Secondly, I didn't see anyone close the door, maybe someone should lock it. The burnham location was my next stop, but then the clerk informed me I was supposed to fast. Talk about time wasted and growing frustration.)Hours are 7 am to 3:30 pm. The next day, I got on the internet to set up an appointment for this location, but no convenient times were available (I work full time.). I made up my plan, I'd go here on Friday morning at 7 am, before heading into work. I got there at 7:10 am, a couple of people were waiting in the fairly large lobby, with new chairs, in a bright lime green color against white walls (this is very new). The TV had the local news on. There were already five names ahead of mine. I signed in, checked in (gave her my insurance card to copy), and sat down. The person ahead of me got called. It wasn't even five minutes when I was called back. There are numerous rooms. My blood was taken by a nice lady who was gentle, my signature to verify my info was correct, and a urine sample taken in the bathroom. It was quick and efficient. I didn't need to check out, I was all done. It was a pleasant experience. I highly recommend getting there early if you need to fast for blood work. This is the closest location to my house, so yes, I'd go here again.
5	I had a walk in at 7:30am on a Friday morning and was seated in a room/stall within 5 minutes. They have plenty of people drawing blood, but I did see most people had an appointment. Location was very clean and less janky than I expected for Sahara and Maryland. Tina was very nice and made sure she added my other doctors to my standing order.
