5	Not only does Pooja have incredible talent (she made me look like a magazine super model!), she is extremely down to earth, personable, and generous with her time (my wedding was on her birthday!). At our initial consult she actively listened to what I wanted and the vision I had of a natural, classic, semi-formal look; she shared her opinions and suggestions which I felt comfortable taking or leaving. At first I was concerned that we were not doing a 'practice session' but my fears were waylaid by her assurances and confidence. On my wedding day Pooja was prompt and had me ready by the specified completion time. She helped me feel at ease and made sure I was comfortable and satisfied with the results; at first I was a bit shocked to see so much makeup since I hardly ever wear any at all, but as you can see from my picture it was perfect. I enjoyed working with her and adored my look so much that I've been trying to think up another fabulous event that would require her services!  Pooja, thank you so much for working so hard to become an amazing hair and makeup artist - you made me into a picture perfect bride (literally).
5	I can't say enough about Pooja or her incredible talents.  If I could give her 10 stars I would. Pooja has been the lead makeup artist for several of my fashion shows in the Valley, featuring some of the biggest designers out there, and she's been nothing short of spectacular each and every time.  So when I was planning my own wedding, there was no one else I even considered for makeup. She's not only talented, she's sweet, fun, very professional, always remains in constant contact, and is a complete joy to work with. My entire wedding party looked so gorgeous, and I was definitely the blushing bride. Pooja was amazing and even did a trial run for me in advance, because I'm so picky about make up, and during it she was patient, and really listened to all my "makeup fears" (being over 40 isn't easy), and come wedding day, my makeup was absolutely perfect.  You won't go wrong with Pooja!!
5	Pooja did my hair & makeup last month for my wedding. She also did my sister's hair and makeup and we were both so happy with the way everything turned out. My hair is really coarse, but she was able to work her magic and everything turned out more beautiful than I could have imagined. She also went out of her way to give me a consult without a trial run so I could save a little bit of money. I still get compliments today about the hair & makeup. She was a lot of fun to work with and tailors her mix of products to your skin to make you look your best!
5	Pooja transforms!  I tend to not take care of myself, putting everyone else first....She literally made me feel like I was on the red carpet.....I looked like a celeb.  She is passionate about what she does and puts her heart and soul into her work.  I have recommended her over and over.  Everyone walks away in complete awe.  She is amazing!!!!!
5	I was first introduced to Pooja through my cousin who was using her to get us ladies in her bridal party ready for the bachelorette party in August, 2012. Pooja did my hair and makeup that day and I fell in love. I knew that I wanted to use her again. I encouraged my best friend and soon to be sister in law, to use Pooja for her wedding day and she did. I got my hair and makeup done again that day (March 2013) and was impressed....again!!! My bridal party surprised me the weekend of my bachelorette party and bridal shower by having Pooja meet us at the resort and then my aunts house for hair and makeup yet again!!!! They knew how much I loved Pooja's work and I couldn't have been happier!!! Pooja came again, on my wedding day (May 2013) for my bridal makeup and I felt amazing. She transforms you with allowing you to still stay true to yourself. She is talented and so fantastic to work with. I have nothing but amazing things to say about her and what I have seen her do. Not just with me, but with 2 other weddings that I have been apart of. I look at the pics of my special events and love the way I looked and how beautiful I felt. I cannot thank Pooja enough for how she made me feel...especially on my wedding day. I loved her work from the first day we met!!!! THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!! Ida
5	Pooja is the best!!!! She did my wedding and I had many makeup trials. She made me look like a bride. It was the best and I felt beautiful but also myself. I didn't feel caked on with makeup but I also felt like I was getting my money's worth and I could never have done what she did. She is the best makeup artist I have ever met. I would pay for her if she doubled her costs.
5	I had my hair and makeup done for an event and was stunned when She finished with me. Through out the whole appointment she made me feel relaxed and comfortable as if one of my  girlfriends was getting me ready. I would recommend Pooja to anyone who needs hair and makeup for any event!
5	Pooja is amazingly great! She has that talent that makes you look gorgeous. ( she's like a superhero) I had my makeup and hair done by her for my wedding, I felt Beautiful i was sooo happy.... I had so many compliment about my hair and make up!   she was on time she made me feel relaxed while she was working on my hair and makeup, shes friendly and nice. She's worth every penny! If you're looking for a make up artist for your big day or for a party or anything I highly recommend her. Your amazing POOJA! I love you sooo much
