1	Awful. Not friendly. Sold us wrong products. Employees clueless. Not a typical Camping World. If you have the opportunity to visit Mesa or another store, do it and save yourself a lot of headaches and money in returning the wrong merchandise - they recommended. It would be a rating of 0 - but not an option.
1	Our experience started out good. The salesman was knowledgable and friendly. Unfortunately, our good experience ended there. We bought our brand new camper in May. We took it out that weekend. The gray water tank leaked and the power converter wasn't working correctly. We understand there were going to be some glitches, so we brought it back to CW for diagnosis. They reported they would need to replace both the tank and the converter. Fine. They put it back together as they said it would take a while for the parts to come in. We were fine with that. We stayed at a site with full hook ups anyway. We went out one more time. We received a call asking to bring it back for the replacement parts to be installed the end of June. My husband brought it back and was told the converter was there, but the tank would be in July 11th and it could be picked up on the 13th. He called July 12th and was told the parts person we had been dealing with no longer worked there, so they had no idea what was going on. We then received a call stating the tank would be in on July 26th!!!! We now have been making payments on a unit that we can't even use. My husband finally got someone on the phone July 12th and was told he would look into it and call back today (July 15th). No one called. My husband went down there to see what was going on. He told the service manager this was unacceptable that we have had our camper sitting there waiting on parts for this long. His response was, "You and 52 other customers." WTF? Seriously???!!! At this point, I don't even want the stupid thing. Their communication is HORRIBLE. Plus, they are doing NOTHING to make this right. Shame on you, Camping World. For a company that supposedly has their customers' best interests in mind, you are failing miserably. I will be sure to warn others NOT to buy here. I would recommend Little Dealer Little Prices. They might be a bit more expensive, but it's worth avoiding the B.S.
1	Stay away! This place is horrible. Some of the worst service I have ever received. Unfortunately, this is the only place for us to get warranty work done. As soon as we can get everthing fixed, we will never be back.If you still choose to do business with these folks, don't say you weren't warned. You will be sorry.
1	Wish I'd read the previous reviews before I came here.  A horrible, frustrating, waste of time experience trying to get our RV water heater replaced.  Parts were screwed up resulting in a week's delay, and I had to actually find the part number for them to reorder the part.  Parts were literally double the price of other sources.  I never received most of the calls they promised and getting information was like pulling teeth.  When the reordered part did finally arrive they failed to schedule my RV in the shop and the SERVICE MANAGER refused to come out and meet with me to discuss the situation.  I waited some time and he never appeared, just kept sending out excuses (the general manager did eventually fix the situation, more or less.)  Took 10 days for a 3 day repair and when we finally got so angry we just left the water heater still did not function.  6 Camping World techs worked on it for 5 hours and couldn't get it working.  (A couple of days later a 1 man repair shop in another town diagnosed it and repaired it in under 5 minutes.)  On the plus side they did provide us with a parking spot in their lot, saving us campground costs.  Unfortunately the promised shore power connection never materialized.  Go ANYWHERE else to get your RV worked on.
1	we bought our 5th wheel from here and have had nothing but issues, from the loan, so the set up and the service. We even took issues to the corporate office and that took  three calls just to get them to respond.They blame the warranty company that company blames camping world. We never get straight answers or help now we have another issue and for days no one will answer the phone is service. do yourselves a  favor stay away from this place!
1	So disappointing! We bought a brand new camper at this Camping World. The camper had a pre-existing tear in the flooring (they weren't sure why it was there) and a corner piece of some paneling was lifting away from the entertainment center (from the heat? Idk). "Not to worry", we were told, "we can replace your flooring no problem", we were told. "We can glue the paneling back down, no problem", we were told. So we bought the camper and also bought the Camping World's warranty. While signing our paperwork, they "fixed" the panels with staples... I showed them that there were not any staples on any other panels and now the staples were coming through the opposite side panels inside the cabinets and they even missed a corner of the panel that was still not attached... I should have ran then, but they assured me it was not right and they will fix it.So we took the camper home for 2 weeks to play with it:)We then dropped it off and they kept it for 2-3 weeks , when we come to pick it up our brand new "fixed" camper.... While doing a walk through on site, my husband and I open the slide-out to see all the pretty new flooring, when something under the slide out catches on the new flooring and rips another hole it. Also, that paneling that was supposed to be fixed and "glued" back to TV center, was stapled all around the square! Those sharp staple ends were still sticking out of the paneling on the opposite side of the TV center, with chipped pieces of wood all laying inside the cabinet. As if nobody saw that... Or maybe didn't think we would care. (FYI - staples are not used to secure any other original paneling on the TV center)**New list of "fixes": new flooring AGAIN, new flooring that was not extended into the bottom of the TV center (as it was to begin with), shave off screw heads under kitchen table (that was the cause of the slide out catching on the flooring), and try to fix the panels AGAIN (order new wall panels for the original side and the side THEY ruined with staples).Another 2-3 weeks later, we go to pick up the fixed camper (as they told us it was all done over the phone)... The new flooring has bubbles everywhere! Seriously?! Who is your quality manager that reviews all the work that is done?.. Not just a couple bubbles, not all small. Some bubble were more than 6-8 inches long. The paneling that was replaced had been cut too short on 1 corner and didn't fit snugly.. The paneling on the opposite side (that they ruined) was shoved in too snugly and caused the top of the wood paneling to be chipped and cracked. So disappointed in the quality of everything here. I mean I'm really not a complainer and my husband and I are very understanding people. I'm NOT trying to be picky, really if it was maybe one small bubble in the flooring or one side of the paneling was perfect and the other was less than perfect, I might not be writing this review. But IT IS OBVIOUS no one cares about their workmanship here. We then requested to speak to a manager who agreed that the flooring and paneling was not done correctly and assured us he would "email" several people (managers of quality dept., parts., etc) and get back to us for more repairs - I assume. So we had to leave the camper AGAIN....We are making payments on a camper that we can not use. I don't know what to do.It's just POOR quality of work that has completely taken the excitement out of having a camper.This story is to be continued...
1	My experience is so much like the others on here that it is scary.  First off, this is mainly directed at the service and parts dept.  We bought a new travel trailer and the sales experience wasn't too bad.  The facilities are nice and they have free coffee and popcorn--so that is good.  The shopping/store is nice as well.Here we go:  The service and parts dept is so incredibly unorganized and poorly managed that it blew my mind.  We had several issues with our new travel trailer (I won't fault camping world for that) but bringing it in and leaving it with them has been an absolute nightmare.  Lost/missing parts, calls NEVER returned, no answered phones, clueless staff, etc. has been the absolute norm.  On more than one occasion they have said:  let me look into it I will call you back in a few minutes.......NO call the entire day or ever.  Seriously??  Who does this??I am really upset that I may have to go back in the future unless I can find somebody to do warranty work on my trailer.  The thought of bringing it back makes me absolutely sick.  Right now I have nothing wrong with our trailer--so I am not some buyer who is disgruntled with his purchase.  I even waited a month or so to write a review just to cool off and make sure that I wasn't dreaming.In my life I have never encountered an organization/business with such absolute lack of leadership/organization/efficient customer service.  Camping World:  if you have a corporate headquarters and happen to read this, you NEED to send your guys down and clean house.  All the managers and general manager need to GO  (Fire them immediately if you have any respect for your brand name)!  There is a reason that all of the other reviews on here are only 1 star.  I would LOVE to give this place a good review--especially since we live nearby, bought our trailer from them, and would love a local company to do business with.I am considering driving across the valley to go to the other camping world--but just saw some questionable reviews on their store as well.  I will add the disclaimer that I have never visited another camping world store, so I don't know if this is the norm.  I hope not.First YELP review ever.  Can't believe it had to be so bad.
5	This is to all Avondale Camping World customers. I am the new general manager with camping world effective 7/1/14. I apologize for the terrible customer service issues and I am in the process of correcting the problems you have experienced. This will not be fixed overnight but I encourage you to contact me directly so I can address and correct any of the items that were not handled the way they should have been and if there are any outstanding items you need help with. I've worked for some of the very best customer service companies and understand what it takes to create a great experience. Thank you. Tom Alexander General ManagerCamping World Avondale, AZ888-457-4931
1	Classic bait and switch. Spent an entire afternoon with Debbie the sales lady. Drove all the way to Mesa during rush hour to look at a unit. Was shown the unit and we liked it. Agreed on a purchase price. Signed contract and put up earnest money. Was contacted by Elizabeth the finance lady to set up delivery for Friday and she sent an email which included the final paperwork to sign. I noticed it contained a different vin number than the one I had looked at. Luckily I had taken a picture of the vin while we were at dealership so I could get my insurance started. After bringing up the discrepancy in vin numbers, I was told no less than three times that I had been looking at the wrong number. At this point Jim Johnston became involved. He is the manager. Again, I must be an idiot, because I was told I looked at the wrong number. Turns out I was shown the same unit only four years newer. How was I supposed to know this. I would have looked at the other unit but never heard the magic word. The whole time this was going down it kept somehow being my mistake. The magic word is sorry. This is the straight up definition of bait and switch. Get a person hooked on something then all of a sudden that deal isn't available. Everyone did seem real excited to try and sell me a unit still. Seriously?
1	If I could give this place a NO STARS, I would. I am so upset with the service department for poor, unfinished work and very rude attitude. I am actually still so very upset that I don't think it appropriate to say what I really want to say. I left with my RV service incomplete today and torn apart. I do not at this time recommend this place for anyone.
4	I'm giving Camping World in Avondale, Az  off of 99 Ave n I-10 heading  to   LA  Debbie n Hal her Husband plus  Liza in Financing were very easy to work with they treated my wife n myself as people not just another sale I had been turned down for the $100,000.00 loan they didn't give up they found bank that works with veterans after 5 denial the USAA BANK said yes we will work with the dealership n the Veteran to get  his RV. Before camping world we had tried 3 other dealerships n got no where Camping World did not give up on us. If u r a US VETERAN n want to get ur RV no matter what size or class give Camping World a chance my wife did the shopping around I had to sign the paperwork which again was mind busting paperwork is a drag Again Camping World is #1 with us so far
1	I tried the service repair center again. What a joke.  I have called 3 days and no call backs. Like last time.  I finally drive it over to be only told you have to pull out and make an appointment.   Since I complained to this jackhole with the attitude he tells me the next available appointment is 6 weeks out for a generator service. Zero stars and a letter to corporate next.  Every time I try to use this place the same issue with service.
1	What an extraordinarily horrible experience.  The trailer purchased in the spring has been in repairs since BEFORE Labor Day!  They have kept the trailer without ordering the parts. The parts are still not ordered as of today. The GM Tom Alexander states he will resolve this issue. He is unwilling to even look at the account while we are in the room with him. Fishy much? We are supposed to hear from him today. I asked for invoices as well and he tried to ignore my request.  There will be follow up postings. And by the way, i had to make a rating of one star in order for this to post....they deserve nothing currently.12/3/14Update as promised.  Received call back last night as promised by GM. Also received call this a.m. from Service Advisor, Darrell.  They are still "looking into" the issue. Two more weeks for the correct tent fabric, sigh. No up date on side panels, diamond plating and hot water heater issue. Keep in mind people....this trailer only went back to this dealer because of a warped side panel!  Purchased in April 2014,  used ONCE, and it has been back at dealer since. It took a MONTH to get appointment to get it in. And she has been there ever since.  Love paying on something we don't get to use. Love making plans and scheduling time off for hunting when the dealer can't seem to fix one issue and then poor staffing creates many problems. What will the dealer do for us? How will he compensate all the time, money and emotions that have been expended?
5	Let me just start by saying, A+ rating on all staff members; more importantly, Tommy our salesman. He was honest and sincere from the start and true to his word every step of the way. The minor items we asked to have repaired were completed and he even had other items taken care of that we didn't find during our pre-inspection. We drove out from California just to see the coach and we were sold immediately by not  only the coach, but the amazing customer service we received from Tommy and the rest of the staff. Drove back out a week later to pick it up and it was good to go!! Thank you Camping World for a great buying experience!! We'll be back
