3	I've been dancing all morning long...my feet hurt.  I have the AIDS Walk the next day and I'm thinking a nice foot massage might do the trick.  The BF and I are in search of a place that offers foot massages without the hidden extra perks of such establishments that have neon signs and are open 24 hours.From the street, I see a sign advertising "Foot Massage and Reflexology."    We drive up to the establishment and I am concerned with the tinted windows.  (Is there a doorbell we have to ring to get buzzed in?  No.)  As we enter the doors, we see the prices for foot massage and reflexology treatments.  Basic Foot Spa and Massage: $35 for 30 minutesFoot spa, massage and reflexology: $50 for 60 minutesArms, ears, neck, shoulders, foot spa, massage, and reflexology: $70 for 90 minutesThey also offer memberships which ultimately means purchasing your massages in bulk.  We both opt for the 30 minute massage and foot bath.  We're brought into the first room that has about four reclining seats.  Within the dimly lit room, there's a TV in the corner.  Mini bottles of water are handed to us as we take a seat and remove our shoes and socks.  Two ladies come in with a foot tub filled with our herbal foot bath.  Our feet soak in this hot bath for a few minutes.  They are then dried and the massage begins.  We're both tired and could easily fall asleep as our calves and feet are pressed and massaged with 'a special herbal balm'.  After the massage ends, our feet and calves are wiped down with a hot towel and our socks and shoes are put back on.  The half an hour ended too quickly.  Overall, May Sky does exactly what it advertises...foot massages.  I don't think we really got any 'reflexology' work done since we didn't get the longer treatment.  Nothing fancy about this place, but it serves its purpose. Open daily from 11 am to 2 am.Side note: They offer a $5 off 1 hour visits with the brochure coupon you can pick up in the store.  You can even arrange to have them come to your hotel and pick up your group!
1	Is there such thing as a negative star?  The place was dark and empty.  The banner says $20/hr. foot massage, but when my hubby and I walked in, they pretended that $20 deal was something they didn't know about.  Then when I mentioned the banner hanging outside, she said, "oh, but that doesn't include the back rub." I thought I made it clear when I said foot massage. Whatever... Both girls then started with the shoulder and head.  Massage was mediocre at best. Because they didn't have anyone taking care of the front, they both left to tend to other customers. After 50 minutes, not an hour, they both said they're done.  I didn't want to leave any tips, but my husband wanted to leave some tips. Okay. I gave $100 bill and asked $50 back. $5 tip each. She wanted to bargain with me, "How about $10 tip, each?" Are you kidding?
1	Stay away from this place. Foot massage (not reflexology quality) was about 2 stars out if 5 at best. It was okay, but I wouldn't consider these people true reflexology practitioners, more or less manual laborers giving a quick rub down. This place is obviously ran by a terrible business women. I would have considered coming back when I wanted a generic "touch up" foot massage since hey... It's $20/ hr. However, upon checking out and tipping 15% of our bill one lady proceeds to say something like "you should pay more." My wife and I were  shocked at how disrespected she made us feel. Well, we won't be back and I doubt anyone else will if she treats her patrons like that. Is she that ignorant? Does she think disrespectfully squeezing out an extra $3-$4 off of each customer is good for business? Even if someone does pay you the extra couple bucks, forget about them ever coming back to your place. There's plenty if other $20/ hr massage places that would respect us and welcome actual repeat business.
