4	Excited to see another dine in/take out establishment  & small business owned  place open up in this strip mall off of 215 & Gibson. My husband told me he saw a new sign on this place which was Championship Pizza before I believe. I decided to check it out though upon a recommendation from the owner of  Bread & Butter, another awesome small business & locally owned Henderson restaurant. And I'm happy I did.Ambiance - Clean, bright, simple modern decor, casual & family friendly.  I love the touch of butcher paper w/crayons that are part of the table settings, oh and the aroma of pizza dough wafting through the place..(sniffs..ahh smells gewwwd) Service -  Very good, especially for a one guy operation so far. The owner was taking and baking the orders and busing the tables too.  It didn't detract from the efficient & friendly service at all. I asked about delivery, he said he'll have that soon. Food - This pizza place not only dishes out pizza, but also appetizers, salads and a variety calzones, strombolis, and sandwiches too! So I decided to try  the stromboli.  You can either choose your own toppings or try their specialty ones. I chose the Veggie Bistro which was filled with spinach, mushrooms, roasted red peppers and & ricotta cheese.   The bread was brushed with garlic butter and was a perfect golden brown and crisped on the outside and when sliced open the juices oozed out cheesey goodness, melded with the veggies...oohh it was delicious! My husband had a small size pizza w meatball topping ..perfect size for lunchin and and according to him was very good and very filling as well. All dishes are made from scratch with fresh ingredients and baked to order which is what also attracted me to this place.  The wait was only a couple minutes, so if you are on a  lunch break you should be fine. I look forward to adding this place as another foodie hangout of mine.
4	i was excited to try this pizza place after reading about it on facebook.(please bear with me, this is my first yelp review)ambiance: casual pizza-place decor. there was a scrabble game going on one of the tables in the front, i liked that.service: wonderful. i did take out, so i walked right up to the counter where there was only one guy working. he was incredibly friendly and helped us pick out what to order while preparing other people's orders. i enjoy watching the cooking process so it was interesting to watch my food being made.food: we ordered a stromboli and a large pizza.stromboli: my friend described it as a "bad ass hot pocket". we ordered "the thaddius" which was cheese, marinara, ham, sausage, pepperoni and salami wrapped in dough. it is also served with a side of marinara sauce to dip in. it is cut in two, so great to split for 2 people. (the thaddius was $10)pizza: we ordered half chicken half pineapple. both were delicious, the cheese melts beautifully and tastes wonderful. the dough is crispy on the outside but nice and soft in the middle. the amount of toppings we got (both chicken and pineapple) was very generous. all ingredients were very fresh.i will definitely be going back.
5	Super awesome pizza place on the east side of henderson near the gibson rd and 215. I just had their calzone. Wow! Mikey likey. This is the way I like my chicken wings. Super crispy on the outside, tender meat on the inside, tasty spicy chili sauce.It was their veggie lover's calzone, the secret is in the dough, it was full of flavor, crispy on the outside, soft middle, well seasoned. The cheese was terrific as well as the fresh vegetables inside.If you like Metro style pizza, and if you like supporting great local business's, you gotta try this place!
5	I was craving Pizza on my way home from work and noticed Bistro Pizza in the strip center at Gibson and 215 (just south of 215).  The place had a warm inviting feel to it.  The guy working was really cool.  While he was making the pizza, he invited me to help myself to a drink (on the house).  Great customer service.  It was weird going to a place where the person working was friendly and nice.  p.s.  The pizza was yummy and tasted great warmed up the next day.
5	We took the pizza to go. Super nice service, I believe he's the owner. Very fresh ingredients, I scarfed down the pizza rather quickly and enjoyed every bite. I'd say if you're looking for a reasonably priced pizza with real, fresh ingredients try Bistro Pizza! I did not dine in so I can't comment on that, but the ambiance looked nice and family friendly. I love having great pizza close to my house!
5	Located just south of 215/Gibson. It's easy to get to but a terrible spot in a neighborhood strip center. Nice that it's near lil browns cupcakes.Went in and its a small local pizza shop look. The place smelled good. We sat in front of the cooking area where we could see them cheffing it up.The menu is simple and wasn't sure what to expect because the place looks less than unassuming.We ordered a couple pizzas which were fantastic and the toppings looked hand cut. The pie and crust and sauce were cooked perfectly and tasted perfect and  tasted fantastic.Garlic knots were huge, hot and you really could taste the garlic and light cheese topping with marinara. You gotta try them. We ended up taking some home as we ordered a bunch to try it out.The calzone was gourmet style and they'll ale it anyway you want.Salad was fresh topped as you'd get in a very nice restaurant and topped with a great balsamic dressing. Perfect.They cook was more like a chef that bought a pizza place. The food quality and taste was  one of the best ever for a pizza experience. Price was very reasonable for what you get. The cook/chef turned out to be the owner and very personable and friendly. Highly recommended to give them a shot. It's nice to be pleasantly surprised. I'll be back for sure.
5	Best wings by far! Even better than Buffalo Wild Wings... Awesome pizza as well! Thanks Yelp for the suggestion!
5	The good reviews are true, folks.I'm pretty picky about my pizza.  I was dubious about trying Bistro Pizza because the pizza place that used to exist in its spot was very "meh".  I know that's silly, but whatever.  Anyway, today I found myself without a vehicle and this place is right across the street, so I decided that today was the big day.Now, I don't normally like calzones.  However, based on the good Yelp reviews, I went in with the notion that I would try a calzone or stromboli.  I got a calzone with ham, mozzarella, pineapple, onion, and roasted red pepper (it's a house special...don't remember the name).  WOW.  WOW is all that is needed... but for the sake of being complete, I'll give you a description.  The crust was light, flaky, and perfectly seasoned.  It was baked to absolute perfection.  My main complaint with calzones is that they're usually doughy and raw in spots (maybe I've had bad ones, but that's my experience).  Not this one.  It couldn't have been better.  The inside was filled with very fresh-tasting pineapple and other high-quality ingredients.  It came with a side of marinara, which was flavorful and pleasant.The service was exceptional and the place was very clean.  The man making the pizzas looked like a real pizza chef rather than some greasy-looking skater punk like you might expect at a local pizza place.  Overall, Bistro Pizza gives the appearance of being a high-brow pizza place without the high cost.  The tables all have interesting books on them to read while you wait... a very cool touch.  My calzone was $10, which I consider to be very reasonable given that I'll get two meals out of it.  I was highly impressed with this place, and I'm glad there's something so delicious near my apartment now!Try Bistro Pizza.  You won't regret it!
4	OK Yelpers-- I trusted you on this one and you were right! I feel funny giving this place 5 stars without actually trying the pizza -- but the Stromboli was freakin' great. I tried the all meat Stromboli (pepperoni, ham, and sausage). The owner (Tyler) let me know that marinara sauce was actually baked in the Stromboli and recommended it over the calzone for that reason. The dough was so good that I didn't even need to use the  extra side of wonderful marinara sauce that came with it. TIP---- Save your receipt because you can get 1/2 off your next pizza purchase up to four days after your initial visit. With food this good, I might not be able to wait 4 hours before I come back. I am so happy Tyler has decided to open his own restaurant- he has a good product. I can't wait to try the pizza and wings next time......*****UPDATE ***** I came back within 4 days and tried the pizza. I wanted to love thepizza, but left disappointed. The pizza is ordinary, and I had to adjust my rating accordingly.
5	The Chef is the owner, looks like a one man band.  He is friendly and personable.The soda is a great! More syrupy than most.  The food was a GREAT value!  And is delicious!   Garlic cheese bread, was yummy but the marinara dipping sauce was exceptional!  My friend ordered Buffalo Chicken sliders and the bun was a garlic knot! Yummy!  And the pizza was great!  He even has garlic powder, which is a must w/ pizza.  I will be returning.
4	New to the area and this is the only place you can actually get some decent pizza.
4	Very good food, very good service.  Calzone and garlic knots were awesome.  Friendly small place with big flavors.
5	I have known Tyler for a couple of years thru a mutual friend. As a new resident to Henderson (lived in Las Vegas for 16 years) I can say without a doubt that he has the best pizza in the valley. Montesano's, Verranzo's you are officially put on notice. His crust is better, his pizza is the best I've had in Vegas in the last decade. I grew up in the Hudson Valley of New York (the epicenter for Pizza) and I honestly say that you need to support Tyler. It's not everyday an entrepreneur provides a superior product and delivers it at a great price. Everyday you settle for Domino's, Pizza-hut, or Papa John's you are cheating yourself. Tyler has the experience and it shows in his end product. This place is an absolute gem and us Henderson residents need to get the word out. I'm in for a pizza a week til' I croak.
2	I wanted some bad carbs so we decided to try out Bistro pizza based on the high ratings.When we arrived, the shop was kinda stuffy.  We placed an order of garlic knots and an order of hot wings to go.  While we were waiting for our order, we sat in a table close to the front, enjoying a short game of scrabble.  I liked the fact that the table cover was made of white paper, so that we can jot down our score.  While we were engaged in the game, a cricket caught my attention.  He was making his way across the floor.  EEK.  Good thing we are not eating there.Our order was done and we quickly got home in 5 mins.  Unfortunately, the garlic knots did not taste as buttery and garlicky as I had wanted them to, and the hot wings were lightly battered, which we liked, but not crispy as we have liked them to be as well.  My conclusion is that I probably did not order what they are popular for?  Either way, I will try again and order a pizza next time.  But for now, it's a Meh.  Because I have eaten better garlic knots and wings.
5	Great pizza. Try the garic knots. Say hi to the owner Tyler, he's cooking the tasty food your eating.
5	Best Pizza in HendersonTry the Meatball Sliders
4	Not quite 5-worthy but still some pretty solid pizza. Owner is very nice and takes a lot of pride in his work.
5	I came here a while ago and had 'The Thaddius' stromboli...it was so good I decided I had to try the pizza! I noticed that with a Yelp check in between 2-5pm, you get 50% off a pizza! I called in my order around 4pm: large pizza - half sausage and black olives, half pineapple and ham...15 minutes later I picked it up, and it was ready and waiting for me! They charge a flat rate for the pizza ($15 for large) and then charge for each topping seperately ($1.75/topping for large). I liked that since I did a half and half pizza, they only charged me half price for all my toppings rather than the full amount! In total, with the 50% off, it came out to $10 + tip...that's cheaper than most of the chains and this pizza put all the others in this area to shame!Ok, let's talk about the pizza...thin crust that was crispy, yet not too crispy, and sauce that was out of this world...tasted like tomatoes and complimented the toppings perfectly. The thing that made this pizza so good was the quality of the ingredients used. The crust is made in house, the sauce tasted homemade, and the toppings are top notch. I had sausage on half of my pizza and there was no grease to blot up...like I said, high quality! There was a lot of cheese, which I liked, but if you prefer a pizza with a little less cheese, I'm sure they'd do it if you asked. I felt like the crust, sauce, topping ratio was perfect...thin crust, lots of toppings!You can tell that Tyler, the owner and chef, takes pride in his work...when you're craving pizza support this local business and give it a try...you will more than likely question why you hadn't gone in sooner!
5	I was in town for work, and my co-worker and I decided to give it a try. Pizza was great, and the owner was super friendly. If I ever make it back to this place, I will be sure to swing by here and get some more pizza!
4	I loved the pizza here.  For one, this place is so close to my house it's insane.  I was expecting mediocre pizza for a good price.  I was happily proved wrong as the pizza was great!  One Pepperoni and one Hawaiian, along with some Garlic Knots and Wings.  Not only was everything great but there's a Yelp check in offer for half off a pizza.  Total steal.  I did get my  food to-go so I could sit in jammies with my wife and friend while sipping on Mason Jars full of Shandy's, but the inside looked pretty awesome.  Anytime there are trivia, games, or trivia games I'm a happy camper.  I didn't see any beer though, which might be a problem.Bottom Line:  If you live close to this place, give it a shot.  If you far away, get there and try it.
5	You can get Chicken Wraps here now! Who knew? I'm so hooked on the garlic knots and meatball sliders, I didn't realize Tyler  updated the menu and added wraps to the menu. So I tried the Teriyaki Chicken wrap.  Chunks of white meat, lettuce, sweet teriyaki sauce ,crunchy won ton strips wrapped in a Spinach tortilla. It was quite good! Love this cool neighborhood pizza,pasta,sandwich,chicken wrap place!
4	Saw all the great reviews on Yelp and had to try this place. We were very happy we did! So close to home and love the neighborhood pizzeria feel. Ordered a large pizza with pepperoni & sausage and garlic, 3 cheese Stromboli and garlic knots....OMG the garlic knots!!! They were fluffy pillows of buttery, garlicky goodness that not only smelled good but made our mouths water as their wonderful aroma filled the air around us. The pizza was BETTER than the NYC pizza I had in NYC and made me feel good knowing I don't have to travel 3000 miles to get amazing pizza. The crust was thin, crisp and chewy, sauce was perfect, cheese is good quality and toppings very generous. We will definitely be back and spread the word. Thanks to Yelp we saved 50% off our pizza order just for checking in today between 2-5pm.
5	Awesome food!  We had our food delivered and it was amazing! Loved the meatball sliders and the bistro salad.  I also loved that we could order a kid sized pizza for my son, the picky eater, and still get a full sized white pizza for ourselves.  We usually end up getting two full size pizzas, which is way too much food and money.  The garlic knots were great and we loved the marinara.  Everything was very gourmet for a pizza place.  Like nothing we have ever experienced before.  And this was, hands down, the hottest delivery food I have ever received.  I don't know how they did it, but it was like we ordered it in the restaurant.  Great experience.  We won't order from anywhere else anymore.  Thank you Bistro Pizza!
5	We had the joy of trying this pizza at my sons birthday party and it was delish! Living in Chicago for 19 years had spoiled me on great pizza. I only had the pepperoni pizza but the flavor was very good. It would say this place should get 4.5 stars because I cannot rate any place 5 stars after some of the deep dish pizzas I have eaten in Chitown. But, finally a place that sells yummy pizza, too bad they are far from my house because I would frequent them often!
3	Ordered from here for dinner...couldn't resist some of those delicious looking pictures that were shared! We chose a little of everything-wings, knots, sliders, stromboli. I wanted to avoid trying the pizza until I knew the sauce tasted okay. Overall, this place is pretty good. The prices are very reasonable. Turns out, the sauce IS okay. The stromboli was not as yummy looking as the picture. In fact, it was completely flat and a little bit sad. Definitely a disappointment. The bread (really, a knot, because that's what they use) of the sliders and the fries they came with were VERY, VERY salty. I could skip the fries since I didn't want them anyway, but I had to pick apart the chicken parm sliders. It was salt overload. If not for that I'd say it had potential for a 3.5 or 4, but a 3 coming from a full Italian NY'er is still pretty good. (:The wings needed some more crunch to them, but that's an easy fix. They were take out, so I planned to reheat them in the oven anyway. I know some places do the buttery-cheese knots and others do the garlicky-oil knots... I prefer the latter, but Bistro's had good flavor. I plan to try the pizza sometime in the future. I'll report back when I do..!
4	Don't let the half-empty strip mall location be a deterrent. We decided to try Bistro Pizza after the rave reviews from Shirley B. on facebook and yelp. And wow, are we glad we did!The Garlic Knots are a must-have. At $5 for 6 knots, it's a steal. My young sons would have been happy to have made a meal out of just those. But thankfully they saved room for pizza. As my 9-year-old declared, "Mom this is MUCH better pizza than (insert another local pizza joint we often frequent which has MUCH higher prices)!"The owner was friendly, gracious and welcoming. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was they currently don't serve alcohol and I enjoy a frosty libation with my pizza! But we will be back again and often!
5	I love this place. Their dough is freshly made every day and his sauce is to die for! He has a great menu. Even his salads are amazing. A definite must try!!
5	Visiting from out of town and we were looking for good pizza. Being from the east coast we're very picky when it comes to pizza. Well this place was up to the challenge and served us some of the best tasting Stromboli we ever had. It was fresh, hot, and very flavorful. The garlic knots were also top notch! I wish they had this place in Orange County and we highly recommend.
4	Good pizza, good wings, great garlic knots. A good garlic white sauce is available on the pizza if you want. Tyler is very friendly and accommodating, he even gave us a couple of cinnamon caramel knots for dessert. We will definitely be back.
2	My husband and I recently moved near the area and were looking for a pizza joint close by to replace our old one. with the amazing reviews we saw this place had we were expecting best pizza and wings in town, sadly i was underwhelmed. was it just our pizza?? should I of dined in?? our pizza looked nothing like the pictures,they were really thin/flat and the sauce was just OK. my wings were not as crispy as many described nor spicy enough. I really hoped for this place to be our new go to pizza but eh.. didnt make the cut. Im definitely giving them a second chance though crossing my fingers itll be better.
2	Finally got around to ordering that pizza due to holiday-week laziness!We usually go with Rosati's...we know its pretty good and they deliver (which is a huge, huuuuuge plus), but I kept meaning to try the pizza here.Overall, it was good. I'd say a 2.5 rating this time around! Not amazing or the best I'll ever have (even in Vegas), but good. The pizza had a bit of a soggy taste to it. I've never seen that before, but it was nothing that a few minutes in the oven can't fix. Worth mentioning- without those extra minutes it actually had a reeeeeally chewy texture! Odd. The pepperoni was very good. The crust was deliciously flakey! We tend to order extra cheese to make up for the typical generous helping of sauce that you usually find on any pizza anywhere. The cheese was..."gooey", my husband's description of it. It had a fake look to it and the taste wasn't that dry mozzarella taste, when it melts and crisps in the oven. This is pizza that is definitely better next day and only when cooked well done.Chicken parm pizza does not exist out west, so we ordered chicken tenders separately. Yeah....these absolutely ruined my appetite. They were extremely dried out, very hard (difficult to even cut into) and when I cut a piece off, I saw weird gray matter in the meat. I don't know what it was- chicken tubes, veins...chicken that overall was not prepped well, (in my opinion)...but, it would probably be safe to assume that Bistro orders these cutlets frozen. Either way, they grossed me out. Ick! Ick! Ick!Rosati's definitly wins that one, and it surprised me because aside from an issue with the bread being too salty, I previously enjoyed Bistro's chicken parm sliders. Different chicken?The garlic knots were MUCH better and had a real garlic taste this time! Less buttery, which I enjoyed. I'll probably stick my usuals, since it wasn't amazing and its not really worth the drive over for me... but this place is worth a try if you haven't yet stopped in. You may like it more!
4	My family likes pizza a lot, but we only eat it as a treat about once a month or every other month.  We were regulars at Grimaldi's for years, but then discovered Pizza Fusion on Eastern near Trader Joes.  Pizza was excellent - fresh with lots of options (e.g. gluten free) - without the grease/oil that I dread from typical pizza joints.  Well, took the family for a ride a couple of weeks ago over to Pizza Fusion only to learn it was gone like a puff of smoke.We decided tonight would be a great pizza night, but where to go where to go.  After reviewing Yelp we settled on Bistro Pizza.  We ordered the special, two (2) large pizzas with two toppings for $22.50.  We also had chicken wings with hot sauce (8 pieces) for $7.00.  In short, we are very pleased because:(1) Very good service;(2) Pizza is fresh and tasty (not too much sauce; not too much salt);(3) Toppings are generous;(4) Grease/oil level is within tolerable limits;(5) Wings were tasty, fresh and not dried out nor dripping with margarine/oil;(5)  Price is very reasonable; and(6)  Place is cleanThis is not a "designer" artsy fartsy pizza kitchen, but that's ok with my family.  This pizza hits the spot and for a family that goes once a month or every other month, we are happy to call this our new pizza place.
5	We had a coupon for Bistro and had seen it in the shopping center a few times so we decided to go for it.  First, the service is excellent!  We realized right before ordering that this coupon (free garlic knots with pizza) was expired.  My husband told the owner (I think) on the phone and he was happy to throw in the garlic knots.  Well who has two thumbs and is a total space cadet?!? THIS GIRL (points to self with thumbs, you get the idea).  I left the coupon at home :(  He was totally cool about it and gave them to us anyway.  We promised to bring him two expired coupons next time, LOL.  The food was terrific.  There are a few obsessive questions that every NY'er asks him or herself about pizza to determine if it meets the high pizza standards we uphold: Is the sauce-to-cheese ratio good?  Is it a decently thin crust?  Can I fold it over without completely and utterly destroying it?  Are the crust and sauce awesome?  The answer is unequivocally YES to all of these questions.  Not only did I totally love the pizza but the garlic knots were delightful.  Perfect amount of garlic and soft yet with a slight crunch.  I was so pleased.  The interior has some booths and tables that you can dine in at.  I especially liked looking at the kiddos' drawings that were hung on the side of the counter.  There were some pretty good ones too! haha, better than anything I could come up with! This will be our go-to local pizza place!
3	Pizza and Garlic knots are solid. Highly recommended if you're short on time and have a craving for pizza.
3	Great pizza. Awesome stromboli. Good prices. My boyfriend loves this place, he's become a regular. I am giving 3 stars because most of the time, Bistro gave us a good experience. After hearing great reviews from my fellow Yelpers, I really wanted to love this place. It was just one bad visit that did it.I've worked in enough restaurants to understand that sometimes, service just breaks down. It happens. What places have to remember is something called service recovery. Acknowledge to the customer what happened, apologize for the inconvenience, and somehow make it worth their while to come back.I called in a take-out order. He quoted me 30-35 minutes. A little longer than the usual wait, but no problem. I showed up 40 minutes later to see my pizza order just going into the oven! So I waited...and waited...and waited. There was no explanation, no acknowledgment that it'll be a moment, just asked me what my order was. Meanwhile, I saw one guy trying to ask a fellow employee to assist topping pizzas, which she attempted, but moved oh so slowly. Customers who were eating there and done were standing around and waiting for their checks. Another man came in to pick up after me and wasn't even greeted. When my pizza was finally boxed and I went up to pay, the man didn't say one word about the chaos. No "Sorry about the wait." Not one word about how long I waited for my call-in order. Will I return? Maybe. There's still a bad taste in my mouth, though. 3 stars is more than I want to give, but I do recall the good visits. Hopefully, it'll be better in the future.
4	Good food, good service, good prices.  What else can be said?Tried the Pizza, Stromboli, garlic Knots.  All great!
5	Garlic knots were buttery garlicky goodness, served with a side of marinara.  Salad was fresh crisp mixed greens with a generous portion of chopped tomatoes marinated in a balsamic vinagrette.  We ordered chicken parmesan and  pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms. The chicken was not breaded but moist and delicous with a good tomato sauce. The pizza dough was seasoned and cooked well. Mushrooms appear to be sauteed beforehand and not just thrown on the pizza.  The chef, (possibly owner?) greeted us right away and was very friendly.   Looks like we found ourselves a nice little neighborhood pizza joint.
5	I absolutely love Bistro Pizza!  The service is amazing!!  What I love best is when I walk in the staff remembers me and remembers that I am allergic to gluten!  For the first time I can eat pizza (gluten free) and not get sick.  The service is always fast and friendly and the food is amazing!  I have suggested this to my coworkers, family, and friends who have all agreed that this is the best pizza place in Henderson!
4	Saw great reviews on Yelp and decided to give it a try and was not disappointed. The pizza was great and the garlic knots were awesome. The hot wings were not overly drenched in sauce like other pizza joints. Ill definitely be coming again.
4	After reading the existing ratings here on yelp, I decided to make the short trip over from Green Valley South and try it for myself. In my opinion, Pizzas must be graded two ways - Cheese only, and with your favorite toppings. I ordered a large half cheese, and half pepperoni and mushroom pie for my first visit. The store was very clean and bright, and the employees were very pleasant. My pie came out of the oven just after I arrived, and I was soon on my way. No mess, no fuss.I tried a cheese slice first. The crust was nice and crisp, brown and blistered on the bottom. The sauce had an obvious but not unpleasant oregano flavor. There was a perfect amount of sauce, well distributed. There was plenty of cheese (can there ever be too much?) It was slightly salty and stretched nicely as a slice was removed. The cheese slice had the perfect proportions of sauce and cheese. There was a very nice depth of flavor overall. The slice with pepperoni and mushroom was also delicious. They did not skimp on toppings at all. The mushrooms had a nice fresh, earthy flavor. The pepperoni was sliced thinly, just as I like it. Overall, this was a very good pie, it was more of a gourmet pie than a NYC street pie. I love both. I will return soon with my Wife, who is a Garlic Knot and Calzone fiend! Will update after that visit.
5	This guy knows his way around a calzone. We really enjoyed eating here.
5	A friend recommended it recently to us and we are hooked. It is now our go-to pizza place and everything is amazing.
5	Third time eating here and I've never been disappointed.  I've tried the garlic knots, pizza and stromboli, and I'd recommend them all!  My goal is to try everything on the menu!
5	Great lunch, the garlic knots are awsome.
5	This has become my favorite pizza place in Las Vegas.  Food is outstanding, service is great, and prices are reasonable.  Highly recommend Bistro to everyone!
3	I came here today because it was featured on eater.comI ordered by phone at 5:45: an order of garlic knots, side of meatballs, and 2 Strombolis.  He said it would be 25 minutes.  I showed up at 6:07 to pick up my order, to which he looked around quickly to the cutting board where my uncooked Strombolis sat and said I was "a little early".  Ok sure, 3 minutes early, but I know a Stromboli takes much longer than that to cook.  There was no one else in the restaurant, and no other phone orders hanging.  It was just shy of 40 minutes before my order was ready, and there was no apology for the extra time it took.To the quality of the food, it was good.  I think he forgot to slather the garlic knots with something because I couldn't taste or smell any garlic in them.  Overall, I was expecting more from a place that has such high reviews on multiple websites.
5	Since moving to Las Vegas, my daughter and I have been looking for a really good pizza place.  And we have finally found it!  From the warm and delicious garlic knots to the pepperoni pizza, this is definitely become our favorite place!
4	Good pizza, nice crust. Good salads and nice staff. The only thing I didn't like was 2 of the 4 plates we got were dirty.
5	Amazing food with more than just pizza!  I work close so my coworkers and I are in quite often.  Tyler the owner/chef takes pride in his work.  Other than pizza, bistro has wings, tenders, salads, meatball and garlic Parmesan sliders, and much more!  I haven't tried everything on the menu but I'm sure ill get there soon.  Haven't had anything from here that I haven't been a fan of! 5 stars!!!
4	Best pizza dough in town. The meatball sliders are really good and full of flavor. I love this place.  The calzones are also wonderful.  I have tried garlic knots (yummy) and fries.  Everything I've had a this place is just so tasty.  The owner Tyler really takes pride in the quality of the ingredients and in the preparation of the food.  The buffalo wings are fantastic as well.  This is my go to place for pizza, wings, lunch, dinner and anytime snacks.  I have taken food to go and also eat-in and always a great experience.
5	Returned here after a disappointing first visit, and glad that we did.  Tyler stands behind his business and makes sure his customers are satisfied. Ordered a large ricotta and meatball pizza and he threw in an order of super garlic-y knots (they were so good Tyler) pizza was loaded with the toppings and cooked perfectly.  Definitely our pizza place in Henderson now!
5	It's good party people, it's really good. Met up with Jaime W for breakfast, yes breakfast, it was a bit of a drive for me, but well worth it. This place is located in an unassuming strip mall off the 215/Gibson. I had recently purchased a Restaurant.com voucher for $25 off a $37.50 order with intentions on trying a couple different menu items. We arrived at 11 am on a Sunday, the Yelp hours posted said they opened at that time, turns out they don't open until noon, but they were nice enough to let us in and serve us. We started out with the most delicious, crisp Coke I've ever had (better than McDonald's Coke) why is this so exciting? Because I love a good soda with my pizza. Onto the garlic knots, best I've had, so soft and chewy and the perfect amount of seasoning. We decided to try the cheese pizza and add pineapple and jalepenos and a white pizza with sausage/garlic/tomatoes. Both were perfect. The crust was out of this world crazy good, flaky and just enough crunch. I'm not a huge sausage fan, but it tasted like it was made in house. Fantastic. We had a huge amount of leftovers I took home, I re-heated it for dinner, and to my surprise, it was just a delicious the second time around (reheated in the oven of course, not the microwave) the crust still had a good crunch to it. They also have ranch which is a huge plus. This place is awesome.
3	Vegas pizza places can be broken down into 4 tiers. Tier 1: Settebello, Grimaldi's, Old School PizzeriaTier 2: Metro Pizza, Rosati's. Tier 3: Sunset Pizzeria, Papa Johns, Pizza HutTier 4: Little Caesars or places that make DiGiorno Frozen Pizza look good.After 1 visit to Bistro I'm having a hard time putting them in my Tier 2 category. For one thing when I called they were out of garlic knots and cheese sticks. I was told it would be 45 minutes to have new ones ready. I'm sorry but I call bs on this one. Case in point, Benny Blancos on Capitol Hill in Denver is open from 11 am to 3 am and has always, ALWAYS had garlic knots available. Old School Pizzeria in NLV on Craig Road: Chef Gio has NEVER been out of garlic knots. And these are places that do some hella business. In short, not buying the excuse, try again. We ordered mozzarella sticks for the kids, and two pizzas. Pizza #1 was a Pepperoni with one half having ham and pineapple. The crust was soft, kinda chewy. The ham had good flavor, but when the kids picked the pineapple off the slices we knew something was amiss. A quick taste had me wondering where they got their pineapple as it didn't taste anywhere close to fresh or even well packed in a can. My pizza had sausage, ham, tomatoes, and black olives. Bistro's sausage is definitely a cut above much of the stuff I've found in Vegas to date. The ham was great. Overall...not bad. Sauce wise everyone liked it...but we didn't get people raving over it like they do with Metro's stuff. And these pizzas were not overly greasy. Even with all the pepperoni it didn't look like it was swimming in grease like Metro's pizza's do. Service: Kind of aloof. It's hard to explain and maybe it was because I wasn't having a good day but the man I talked to at the counter was not the most friendly person. There was also the issue of he almost sent a pizza out the door with the sheet of wax paper sticking halfway out the side. He saw this and reboxed the pizza but do it right the first time and you won't be wasting boxes. Overall: 3 Stars. We will try them again but the garlic knots excuse flat out won't fly with me, ever. If other pizza places can get it done...I can't give Bistro a free pass on it.
5	Updated Review: Vegas pizza places can be broken down into 4 tiers.Tier 1: Settebello, Grimaldi's, Old School PizzeriaTier 2: Metro Pizza, Rosati's.Tier 3: Sunset Pizzeria, Papa Johns, Pizza HutTier 4: Little Caesars or places that make DiGiorno Frozen Pizza look good.While my first visit was not the best, a couple of return visits have helped clear up my assessment of where Bistro Pizza ranks on the scale above. Tier 1. It's a combination of things that elevated them. It's the cheese that is not shredded from the block until you place your order. It's the premium pepperoni that has the flavor you crave without the grease. Sorry Metro, but Tyler's able to do what you can't. And then there's the sausage which is really flavorful and very good without relying on an excessive amount of spices to carry it. And then there is the sauce that is embellished with pride and is definitely not the sauce some other places try and pass off as worthy of being served.  The above things put Bistro into my Tier 2 category, but to get to Tier 1 you gotta bring it with other menu items. In this case their Stromboli was very good, but the garlic knots were right up there with what Chef Gio puts out at Old School Pizzeria up North on Craig Rd. But as good as all that is the overriding factor in bumping them up is my family who left no slices behind, and asked where I got the pizza and asked me to go back there again when we want more pizza. Even my 3 year old has started asking for pizza again after getting burned out on Metro. Star Count Elevation to 5...with a lot of thought behind it and 5 of us having our Icona Pop moment and saying We love it! If you go here for the moment Tyler who owns the place has a Yelp check in offer of 50% off a large pizza. It may not last long, but it will make a great pizza even better. If you order from here a base order must be a pizza / calzone / stromboli and an order of garlic knots. You need the two. It just works and when you've finished you won't have remorse thinking you overpaid or it was over hyped.
5	This place has some of the best pizza you'll find in town, but for half the price of any competitor. When my wife and I moved to Henderson last August, we had nothing but the clothes on our back the first night, so we tried the first local pizza place we came across. We also had it our second night. It quickly became our favorite in town. Whenever we have guests, we always eat in or order a pizza or two to show off our favorite place.Tyler, the owner and pizzaiolo, really knows how to make delicious food. The crust is perfectly thin where it needs to be, chewy enough where it should be, and tastes great. The sauce is nice and sweet, and hardy enough to stand up to spicy toppings. We always get our pizza with black olives and basil (FRESH basil, mind you - to die for), and a medium-size is typically enough for dinner for the two of us. If we are treating a friend or two, we'll get a large, sometimes with an order of the decadent garlic knots. The garlic knots are probably the best I've had anywhere - always perfectly cooked and scrumptious, if a little messy. But totally worth it. And to top all this off, it's extremely reasonably priced for the quality. Plus, I think every receipt is a coupon for half off your next pizza within 5 days. Also Tyler has a good memory for return customers, and clearly appreciates the business. Bottom line is, anyone living in or passing through Henderson has to give this place a try, or regret it.
5	Simply put, it's good pizza. Our 2-year old loved it, we all did. I found myself telling my husband, "I'll be craving this". Good thing we live up the street. Definitely a must-try.
5	Close as you can get to a New York Pizza..everything fresh and cooked to perfection.  I had a pepperoni  pizza with half black olives and onions and we ordered the garlic knots that were awesome and just out of the oven.I am fussy when it comes to Pizza..Tyler is great I will be back..thank you for the quick and friendly service also.  Facebook friends need to try this pizza...
3	really good pizza!
4	much much better than last time! Very yummy I definitely recommend eating in rather than delivery or carry out. Oh and those ghost fries.. Uhh to die for!
5	We came to Henderson just to spend the night on the way home from a Grand Canyon vacation trip. Found Bistro Pizza in our Entertainment Discount app. What a find! Awesome pizza. The garlic knots were devoured by the kids. And the wings.....absolutely the best ever. They were cooked to perfection. The sweet spicy sauce was a hit too.
5	So lucky this place is within walking distance to my house.  Great pizza.  Worth the try you will not regret it.
5	Small, family owned business with amazing food. Thin crust pizza that has THE perfect crispness, wonderful, creamy cheeses and fantastic sauce! Have eaten there no less than 15 times, food is always hot, consistent and an excellent value. Hoping this little diamond thrives!
5	Great pizza my wife an I love the style of pizza they bring to Vegas
5	So after a disappointing first attempt, Tyler made good on his promise to take care of us.  Instead of opting for delivery, I made the drive to go pick it up myself.  The result was a hot and fresh, delicious pizza accompanied by chicken parmesan with noodles that weren't overly cooked.  The pizza came out soft and fluffy with a bit of chewiness. Instead of overloading it with toppings we chose to keep it simple with a half cheese half mushroom (Absolutely delicious mushrooms btw), which allowed the sauce to shine through (It's a very good sauce and it was too bad we could barely taste it the first time).  The garlic knots were cooked very well this time without too much butter.  Overall we enjoyed the meal very much and would definitely come back again.  Thanks again, Tyler.It's probably recommended to not order delivery and invest the effort to go get it yourself.
4	Pizza was delicious
5	Absolutely love this place! Whenever my family and I want pizza this is where we go! You must try the meatball sliders! One of my faves.
5	Ohhhh-so-good! I'm in tonight with my almost nine year old. We ordered garlic knots (garlicky, hot, & delicious) and a medium pizza. We only finished half of what we ordered, but we enjoyed every single bite!
5	After church we were super hungry and craving an awesome pizza slice. We came across Bistro Pizza through searching yelp and sorting by rating. With a good average in reviews, we thought we would give it a shot. It's always a challenge to eat at pizza places when it's just me and my daughter.  Pizzas are too large and we end up taking most of it home. So we ordered a medium which was likely going to lead to us being able to take some home for a later meal. Didn't mind that idea with the other photos of pizza I've seen here. We wanted to redeem the free garlic knots but a large was too aggressive for us. He let us do it anyway because with all of our toppings we exceeded the price of a large 1 topping.  Woohoo!The garlic knots arrived first, super hot but smelling so delicious it was hard to have patience and wait for them to cool off!  Garlic knots were so amazing!  Loved them! Pizza came out quickly and we dove right in. The cheese dripped from the slice as we picked it up...always an indication that this pizza was gonna be AWESOME!!! ...and it definitely was. Overall, the food was amazing
5	I brought my car to the tire place nearby and found myself needing to kill an hour with my 3 and 5 year old. We walked by and ordered pizza for family movie night. Continued on to other various locations on foot. When we came back, my girls were FASCINATED by the pizza making. So they watched while dough was tossed, sauce spread and cheese sprinkled. Since they were mesmerized, I just had a seat. Next thing I know, my kids both had a plate with dough and two cups of sauce and cheese!!!! They were SOOO excited! The nice guy behind the counter (we now call him celebrity chef) put them in the oven and everything! These guys went above and beyond on a FRIDAY afternoon. This place ROCKS!!!!!!
5	The best pizza in Vegas. No chains. A local shop with fresh ingredients, gluten free crust, and fantastic flavor. There's a great selection of toppings and a some fantastic other-than-pizza menu items.
5	Every menu item I've tried is awesome.  Made to order with TLC.  Tyler takes pride in his craft, and I never leave disappointed.  As stated before, garlic knots, pizza, and lasagna are especially good.  TRY IT, you will become a regular.
5	Feels like little Italy. Tyler takes pride in what he does. Great food ..loved it. We will be back for sure.
2	This wasnt bad pizza. I just lived in a city with a really great pizza culture.. so i was really let down when i moved back home. This wasn't  horrible this wasn't great ... is was just okay . THe garlic knots .. just okay .. and the wings ... and service was meh
5	We just picked up our first pizza from Bistro Pizza and this guy nailed it. We ordered a meatball and ricotta pizza and it was perfect. The dough was on point, the sauce was nicely seasoned and the toppings were generous. We loved it. We also got an order of garlic knots and we really enjoyed them. This will definitely be our go to pizza place from now on!
4	Great food
4	Yum, yum, yum, give me some!!!Do you want authentic, handmade, quality ingredients for your pie?  Do you enjoy watching your pizza get made by someone who cares that he is providing you with a good product?  Then you should stop by Bistro.While I have walked in and ordered what I wanted (after checking out their website to see what online deals he is offering), you can take home a menu and order over the phone.  Since this isn't pizza hut/domino's, your pizza isn't made on an assembly line and will take time to make and bake.  Don't forget the amazing bistro salad, yummy garlic knots & bistro fries.  I think that they have calzones and such, but when the pizza is this good, I don't bother to stray.
5	What a great find! I had the gluten-free pizza while by BF had the normal pizza with sausage and mushroom. He said his was amazing - excellent crust with the perfect amount of crunch, great toppings, perfect red sauce that wasn't too sweet (and he's super picky). The GF crust was really tasty - different than I've ever had. Crispy and perfectly done. We also ordered the fries with were very yummy. We even enjoyed watching the owner as he prepared the pizzas with great care. We were visiting Vegas and drove over to Henderson to check it out. Wish we lived closer, we'd definitely come often!!
4	Quick look: Pizza - 4 Stars /// Wings - 3 Stars In depth review: Saw the amazing reviews on Yelp and drove a good distance to try it. We ordered the pizza and wings special that is listed on the website. Gent who answered the phone was not too sure about the special and had to ask another co-worker about it. Our order was for take out and the pizza and wings were ready in 15 minutes as promised. Nice booths along the wall for people who want to dine in. We ordered a large mushroom and cheese pizza (extra crispy) and the wings Buffalo style (medium heat). Pizza looked and smelled great. It passed the old "NY test" and did not slump over and you could eat it with just one hand. Crust was delicious. Was not the best pizza we have had in Vegas but it was near the top. The mushrooms were plenty and they were certainly fresh. Solid pizza, we enjoyed it. The wings were mediocre and I was disappointed with the sauce and what they call "blue cheese." Buffalo Wings are made to be paired with blue cheese dressing and for some reason restaurants on the west coast like to give you ranch dressing? The blue cheese dressing they gave me tasted like ranch and it was really watery. Passed on it and used my own in the fridge. I asked for extra wing sauce on the side and this was also very watery. Tasted OK but it was too wet and watery and did not coat the wing properly. Need to work on the sauce, you can do better. Great pizza but they should pay better attention to the ole chicken wing. It's not a side item and it derives the same amount of love you put in the pizza pies. But we will be back and give it another chance. Try some other items as the guy cooking assured me that everything was homemade and delicious.
5	Still going strong after all this time, Bistro is still pumping out quality food.
4	The meatball and garlic pizza here is delicious! The only other place besides Metro Pizza that I enjoy the meatballs from. What makes their pizza more desirable than some of the bigger, good quality chains are their reasonable prices.
5	Another guy left a great feedback about a meatball and Ricotta pizza.  I took his lead and got the same thing.  Probably the best pizza I have ever had.  Delivered HOT to me in 35 mins, was a great topping selection.  The only way to improve this is to add Basil and Oregano to the top.  I asked and they were out.  Add basil and Oregano you will love this pizza!!!!
5	They have amazing garlic knots. They were so light and full of flavor. I will go back just for those alone. We also had a large pepperoni pizza that was amazing. Every time I come to Vegas bistro pizza is going to have to be on my list of stops now!
5	This is really fine, handmade pizza.  There are the high end foo foo pizzas at many places and they can be interesting, but when you are craving an honest earnest pie this is the bomb.  My bar for this being from the east coast originally is Manco and Manco's pizza on the boardwalk in Ocean City, NJ.  Fresh dough that is hand stretched and homemade as is the sauce, flavorful but not overhwhelming oregano or other spices, and tasty toppings.  They have all that here and it is the closest to Manco and Manco's I have found so far in the west.  The pizza is cooked so the dough has a crisp edge but just the right amount of chewiness.  Great cheese and not so much as to be gloppy.  I wish we had opportunity to try more of their offerings, the kids weren't very adventurous and we only did a half pepperoni and half black olive.  Next trip I guess!  The chef and the staff was very attentive and seemed genuinely interested in providing a superior product and assuring a satisfied customer.  Location is in a strip mall, basic walk in pizzeria with some booths easy to find off the 215 freeway and the sign on the street just says Pizza.  We did miss the part that they are closed on Tuesday so had to make a second trip on Wednesday but very glad we did.  They don't serve alchohol but you are a fool if you pass up this pizza and the very nice people that make it over that.
5	Gluten free pizza was awesome. Everyone LOVED their food, including my 66-year-old dad and my 10-year-old nephew. The chef was friendly and accommodating.
5	Thanks to my fellow yelpers for checking in here!  I would have never known this little gem was so close to me!   We stopped in for a carb filled lunch and I'm so glad we did!  Since it was our first visit, we had to look over the menu to make our decision.  It didn't take us long to start off with the garlic knots.  What goes good with garlic knots? Stromboli and Meatball sliders of course!  I don't know how much bread one can eat but we were going to see.  Oh my YUM!  Garlic knots were fabulous with just the right amount of garlic and cheese.  As if we weren't already in heaven, the 'Thaddius' stromboli was staring at us.  It was filled with pepperoni, salami, ham and sausage.   The italian meats were absolutely flavorful, delicious and filling.   To put the cherry on top, their meatball sliders gave the competition a run for their money!  The meatball baked on their homemade garlic knot topped with mozzarella and sauce made this girl's stomach happy.  We loved everything about this bistro!  The service was great and the food was even better!   I'll be back for sure!
5	This place is awesome. Very kid friendly. Best pizza I have had in vegas. Crust actually exists but is not too thick. Price is very reasonable. Garlic knots are by far the best I have ever had.  Self serve beverage worked perfect for our family. They have more than pizza. Sandwiches, calzones, Stromboli, etc. the owner made the pizzas. I will definitely be backI typically eat pepperoni but added sausage. Kids had a cheese and my daughter (12) who doesn't love pizza said we can come back any time. This place is better than all the chains, Montesanos, Grimaldis, you name it!  Give them a chance. You can call ahead with your order and eat there.
5	Garlic knots are a MUST TRY! Fast delivery too.  We had the meatball pizza which was very yummy.
5	Had a little meatball & ricotta pizza and I gotta say...."YUM!!"   Thanks for that suggestion previous yelper.  This was my first visit and I'll definitely be back!  This is not your avg pizza joint.
5	The S/O got a coupon from restaurant.com to go here and I'm glad we did. We took the kids this time. This place is pretty close to home which is even better.Its a small place but those tend to be the best places. The owner greeted us and was making pizzas at the same time. This place is very kid friendly. The give them a big piece of butcher paper and the kids can draw. Its a great distraction for us parents! The owner also lets them hang their artwork on the wall.They GF was very happy  because they had gluten free pizza too! Its pretty rare and a great treat for her. We got a few big pizzas for everyone to share and an order of their famous garlic knots. The kids watched their pizzas being made and loved it. They pizza maker tosses the pizza in the air old school style. It really is an art form. I wish I could do that!The pizza was delicious and kid approved too. The crust had great texture and was perfectly cooked.The gluten free pizza was pretty good too. It didn't have the rubbery texture most of them have. The garlic knots, OMG they were AH MAZ ING! They are the best I have ever had. I had to tell the GF they were terrible and I choked on them since she is gluten free. SHHHH!All in all, it was a great visit. We will be back again for sure.
5	Great, great, great pizza.  Our food order from a different restaurant fell through and we were in a jam.  Came in and the owner started making our pizzas immediately.  He put the toppings on while we shouted them out and put them in the oven right away.  Finished in 15 minutes and the pizzas were fantastic.
3	Pretty ordinary experience. The pizza is better than post places but did not stand out to me. We got a large pepperoni and... well it was OK. It's better than several Pizzeria's that I've been to, but it does not really stand out. The garlic knots here are huge and pretty good. I think I liked the garlic knots better than the pizza. I may have to try them again to solidify my opinion but I do not see that happening since they're a little bit of a drive and there is pizza near by that I really like.The location is pretty spacious and one thing I liked is that they have scrabble! Corny? SO! You can play scrabble while you wait for your pizza! What I did not like is that the guy behind the counter had dirty nails and confessed to work in a body shop too. Needles to say, I was really worried about getting the pizza there but thankfully he wasn't the one making it. The chef's hands and nails were perfectly clean :)
4	I was in there during the Christmas break.  Owner was a nice guy and sat listened to my ramblings about my pizza propensities.  Crust was hardy and crisp.  Sauce was subtle and filling.  The cheese...great.  Atmosphere was a little lacking but hey what do you expect for a little joint like this.  Will definitely go back when visiting relatives.
5	Now this place is what I'm talkin' about! Talk about good service and bomb food, this is the place.  I recently found out about this place and it's seriously walking distance from my house! Good and bad being that I probably order every other week.  I'll start with the service. Whether you're calling in an order, or going to there to order, EXPECT EXCELLENT SERVICE, cause that's all they have.  :) Nuff said. I mostly call in my orders and wait impatiently for my food cause it's soo good.Walk in to the place, and it's not huge.  A few booths along the wall and 1 round table.  They also have a few games to play, or books to read as time passes for your food. Such a warm and cozy family vibe when you walk in.  You can tell there is love flowing through that place.  When I go to pick up my food, there are always people in the booths and they have nothing but smiles.  Families bring their kids, because it is kiddo friendly.  I can honestly say this place has the best pizza.  I eat a lot of pizza, and have had it from different places since birth, and this is one of the best.  The crust is perfect.  Usually I'll leave the crust for someone else to eat, but not here.  If you don't want your crust, slide it over to the left hand side.  I will gladly dip it in some ranch and finish it for you.  One of my favs! Try it out and experience genuine smiles, food made with care and satisfied taste buds.  Can't forget to mention the garlic knots! Those are also scrumptious!
3	After waiting for 2 weeks for this place to actually stay open past 4:00 on a Sunday, we finally went. Not bad but the pizza was a bit on the salty side. Crust was not memorable. The garlic knots smelled fantastic, and the flavor was good but they didn't seem like they had been baked long enough. All in all, a great place for local family spur of the moment pizza, but doesn't hold a candle to Grimaldi's.
5	Finally! Daughter's dance studio is next door, so we've been smelling this place for sometime. Have heard rave reviews about all their food, but our experience is limited to kids plus me and a small pizza. Half cheese,  half tomato and spinach, all good! Daughter even had a slice of the spinach and tomato.  Slices of Roma tomato and what looked to be fresh spinach. I mention fresh spinach because I've ordered spinach on my pizza at other Vegas locations and it was gloppy, like frozen yuck. This was perfect! Can't wait to return and bring husband. Looked like some tasty calzone combinations available and will need to try the meatballs and garlic knots.
5	The pizza here was great!!! Love that it's a surprisingly delicious place! You would never notice this little gem unless stumbling upon it or from yelp. In my neighborhood and it's a great little mom and pop kinda place! The free garlic knots with the check-in were hot, fresh, and yummy!! We got meatball and sausage pizza and it did not disappoint either! My husband and I will definitely be back soon!! They also have a full italian menu as well, not just pizza!
2	Garlic knots - AMAZING!  Pizza, just okay.  My mother's pizza on gluten free pizza dough was just horrible.
4	Excellent pizza for the price, about the best you can get in Henderson.
5	I have an extremely picky crew of three children and a husband. Everyone was happy with the pizza here.  The crust was great and the sauce was perfect. We were in town for a few days and were looking for a simple non - fussy place for our family to eat and relax. The coloring paper was great for my kids. The service was good too, but they were pretty busy with a takeout crowd as well.
5	This place has some seriously good food. I am very picky with Italian and this is great Pizza and subs. The guy who owns the place is the real deal and you can tell he has pride in his "art" of cooking. The prices are either low, reasonable or totally worth it. I am not much of a pizza fan, I like it but don't love it. ( again I have high standards so I just don't bother ordering most of the time unless everyone wants it...) and the pizza here is the best I have had in town. If we weren't trying to give up the white food and cut back on carbs so much we'd probably live in this place with the cheap lunches. The meatball subs are the bomb! It is the size of a standard sub shop with take out. Some booths and a round table. There are books to read while you wait.  Recommended.
5	The stuffed pizza, salads & garlic knots were delicious! We will definitely eat there again whenever we're in town.
1	Don't know how the food tastes because customer service was so horrible we cancelled our order. When we called in for a large pepperoni and fries (because of the great reviews), and garlic knots (free with yelp coupon) we were told they were out of knots and it would be 45 minutes for the pizza (pick up). We were also told he couldn't tell us the total because his system was down. We probably would have waited it out if he wasn't so rude.
5	Let's get this out of the way, this place ain't cheap, nor should they be. The pizza tastes amazing, try it out you won't be dissatisfied.
4	Garlic knots were awesome. Ordered large pepperoni and it was good. The dough was nice and crispy with a fresh flavor. I've lived three years in Italy and this pizza is comparable. Not over sauces and not over cheesed.  I think this will become a regular quick take out place for my family. I personally don't think it's better than metro but for the price I'm done with the chain joints.
3	Bistro offers a $10 large 1 topping pizza to students and employees at my school, so I decided to give it a try.  We got a pineapple pizza and it was good, but nothing special. We also got the garlic knots, which I liked more than the pizza. It's hard to go wrong with soft bread covered in garlic and butter! Overall, the food here is 3/5 stars. Service here however is 5 stars. Our pizza was promptly brought to our table, and even though it's not really waiter service here, the guy who delivered our pizza refilled our drinks and brought us waters. He was also very quick to bring a little cup of ranch to my friend. I'll be back in the future, but mostly due to the good deal from my school.
3	Second review for Bistro and this time I was a little disappointed. We ordered a medium pepperoni, pineapple and opinion pizza with an order of cheese sticks.  The delivery quality dropped the rating.  The cheese sticks and pizza were lukewarm. Probably because they were behind schedule.  But hey, $4 delivery charge and I live less than 4 miles away so I expected more.  The food was still better than most chain pizza joints.  So in the future I'll save the $4 and pick up, I recommend you do the same.
5	Excellent pizza with great prices.Fresh veggies and ingredients and not very greasy.  Staff was so friendly and very attentive.  Wonderful to dine in or take out.Its a great place for your basic pizzas.  Prices are excellent... Cheap.  Med (12") 1 topping pizza was $11... extra toppings are a little over $1 eachThey also have a small pizza special with drink for about $7.  (I didn't see the sign until we were done eating)I wouldn't expect a pizza full of different and unique toppings, its a great basic pizza place that makes its to perfection.  Crust is excellent.. hand tossed!Garlic knots were great!  Its free with your yelp check in... an awesome extraI highly recommend it and I will be back to try more.
5	Were from Utah down in vegas for vacation. We decided to get off the strip to have some real deal incredible food. This place has some real nice guys working here. The food is fresh and you can see it being made before your eyes. They have a awesome focus on quality. Absolutely a must stop for anyone in the Vegas area!!!
5	Third time visiting and just like the first...outstanding!!! I wasn't happy the last time I visited but this time it was awesome! I picked up rather than deliver and everything hot and fresh.  Also, management posted to my yelp review to make up for the low satisfaction. They certainly made it up! Gave me a free appetizer. This is the small town feel pizza joint my family was looking for.I had just got off duty and still in uniform, someone picked up my tab without even me knowing! I totally didn't expect that but I really appreciated it! Nice to know our efforts are still appreciated.We will definitely continue going to Bistro.
1	If you enjoy pizza sold at the airport or bus station, this is your place.  If you think this pizza is good at all, it's time to visit a different state and try pizza elsewhere.  Even bad pizza in California can run circles around this horrible pizza place.They claim to make thin crust pizza -- we received a dry puffy WHITE crust (nothing golden) that resembled a product made from instant or  frozen dough.  The sauce tasted like it came from a can and had no herbs and/or spices.  The cheese was cheap  Sbarro quality (look where they ended up).The reviews for this establishment are GROSSLY exaggerated.  We should have known this restaurant was a DUD because the menu contains buffalo wings and other hihgly processed frozen appetizer crap.Customer service was also void at this restaurant.  The gentleman with the glasses and beard even ignored my husband as he stood at the counter trying to place an order.  Never as much lifted his head.
2	I really wanted to like this place but the crust was bland with no flavor. There's better pizza in town.
3	I liked the pizza . Didn't love it though . It was extremely hot in fact took like 20 minutes just to get one bite in . Also the place is extremely hot for dine in ! Turn on the AC!!!!
5	This is the best pizza in Las Vegas!  It's about a 40 minute drive for me and their meatball pizza just can't be beat.  The staff is always super friendly too.  Visit bistro pizza!  They will not disappoint!
5	Second time here and just amazing as the first. Owner operated. You order at the counter get your own drink and they bring the food to you.
5	The pizza is GREAT! First time here and after my first bite, I was sold! Definitely coming back TOMORROW because there is a half off a large pizza coupon when it's your first check in! Tomorrow will NOT be the last time I come here. I will be a regular no doubt!
5	We had garlic knots, wings, and a large pizza. Everything was delicious! The garlic knots were hot, baked to perfection, and just the right amount of garlic! The wings were also done to perfection with a savory sauce! The pizza--tasty sauce, fresh toppings, and great crust! They are not shy with the toppings either!!! A great experience that didn't cost a small fortune. Perfect for the family!
5	Just found our new go to pizza joint. My wife and I stopped in Saturday evening to try this place out. We started off with sweet chili hot wings and garlic knots. The knots were fricken awesome. Perfect the way we love them. A bit of a crust on the outside and doughy and delicious on the inside with garlic butter drizzled over top served with a delicious marinara for dunking. A must get when you come here.   The wings were fantastic! Perfect crisp outside and moist and tender inside. I loved the sweet chili hot sauce too. So far 2 for 2....now the pie. We ordered a large onion, mushroom and meatball pizza. It came out steaming hot and absolutely loaded with toppings. We loved it!!! A perfect mix of a crisp bottom crust, sauce, tons of toppings and cheese. Could only eat two pices after we demolished the knots and wings but bonus on taking leftovers home.  Looking forward to coming back and trying more of the menu but since we live so close, this place will definetly be our goto for pizza, wings and knots.
5	My boyfriend and I were in town for an unexpected family emergency. We looked around for some much needed comfort food and came across this place, so we tried it since we are both pizza lovers. Best. Decision. Ever. We were so use to the Americanized Dominos pizza that we had forgotten what an authentic pie tasted like. Highly recommend this place. They carry the legendary ghost pepper but we didn't want to try it since figured that if it burned as much as they say going in, we can't expect any better when it's on it's way out  You won't regret this place.
5	Although not much to look at, the pizza, pasta and salads we had were fabulous (including the gluten free pizza!). The staff was great. And those garlic knots . . . mmmmm.
5	Wow!  After taking out my dinner my car instantly filled with garlic smell and right then and there I knew I would be in love.  ... and it was LOVE!   The chicken parmesan sliders were amazing and the garlic knots out of this world.   Not to mention, the Yelp check in got me a free order of the knots ... SCORE!  Pizza was delish as well.  Only bummer is they didn't offer delivery tonight due to car issues, however, I'm glad I decided to pick up.  Well worth it!
5	After reading through some of the glowing reviews about this place I decided to try it for a carry out pizza and see what all the fuss was about. I ordered a simple medium sausage pizza and picked it up about 15 minutes later, hot out of the oven. IT. WAS. AMAZING. Even better, if you decide you want to eat there again within 3 days and provide your receipt they'll give you half off the next time around. From now on if I have a hankering for pizza around Henderson, Bistro will be my first call !
5	Awesome place. Friendly staff and down to earth. The Garlic balls are awesome. The pizza crust is great as its cooked fully across the bottom not soggy in the middle like so many places in Vegas. Delicious. Also the mushrooms are terrific. Highly recommended.
5	Awesome everything! Very fresh and great value!
4	Ok . . . .went here for my 1st time not knowing what to expect and I must say I was impressed!  Very good Large Pizza, Salad, Wings and Garlic Knots.  Very good food at a very good price.  We will definitely be back on a very regular basis.  I would say this is the 2nd best pizza place we have found in the Vegas area.  However, we got everything above for only $30 . . . .. .and you can't even get the pizza only for $30 that we like at the "other" place.  You have sold us; we are a fan!!!
4	Soo good! If you're a Touro student ask about their $10 large pizza! It's the perfect meal after being at school all day. I recommend meatball as the topping. I also recommend the garlic knots! The service here is quicker than most pizza places and the quality is great. I will definitely be going back!
5	First of all let me say, best garlic knots ever!! Second a large 1 topping pizza for $10.00 if you mention web special. Fresh ingredients and delicious, the staff was friendly and helpful when asking questions about their product. We have found our new favorite pizza joint!
5	Awesome everything.  My wife and I have eaten there a few times, and we have yet to find something we don't like.  Portion sizes are just a bit larger than perfect.  I always leave full and happy.  The house salad dressing is perfect.  Don't change a thing!  Gotta love those bistro fries!
4	There are not very many options for lunch in this area so I accidently found this lil spot, great customer service! Meatball sliders  and small pizza were yummy and you can't beat the lunch prices.  Will definitely return to try other menu stuff*check in for free garlic knots
5	Amazing pizza! Stopped by on the way to my sons football game for a quick lunch and was pleasantly surprised! I am very picky about pizza, but I loved it! The garlic knots are delish and the marinara, even better! They have a great lunch special for a personal (6 small slices) pizza and drink for $6.99. I would highly recommend them! Hope they open more around town. :)
5	Not the best location, it's hidden in a small strip mall but I will say the pizza is excellent! I will order with them again
5	First time trying Bistro Pizza.  We got the meatball and ricotta pizza, the bistro salad, and free garlic knots with our Yelp check in.  Everything was delicious.  The bistro salad had fantastic balsamic marinated tomatoes and red peppers, artichokes, and mozzarella.   The garlic knots are crispy on the outside and soft on the inside and very garlicky.  They come with a yummy marinara dipping sauce.  The main event, the pizza, was very good.  Crispy crust, good sauce, the meatballs were very delicious.   It was a little more expensive than I expected, but we will be coming here again.  Maybe to dine in since they have booths and board games.
1	The service was good (just ordered for pickup), but the pizza was really disappointing. And we are no picky pizza eaters. Dough didn't have any taste to it, and wasn't cooked evenly. Too greasy. Was not for us :(. Definitely overpriced for the product.
5	The pizza was really good.  I didn't think at first there was enough meat on the pie.  I mentioned it to the owner making it and he added more without question.  It was a great experience.  I will be back.
4	As soon as you step foot into Bistro, you get that fresh baked Italian bread smell. Even if you weren't hungry, you will be after that aroma. It's a pizza joint, I will make this review short, simple, and to the point. Positives:-Family owned and operated. They use homemade recipes and fresh ingredients. My belly thanks you for that. -East coast style pizza. There are about 4 places in Vegas that have true Jersey pizza, this is one. -Great service. They take care of their regulars. We are grateful.-RANCH!! Like the best ever! Negatives:-The delivery is only SOMEtimes, and when they're busy, you are looking at an hour wait, MINIMUM! Step up your game, and have a driver on call 24-7. -The ghost pepper fries. I am a fan of spicy, but don't tease me with ghost peppers if it is only a dry season blend of semi spicy flavor. FAIL. -The wings are just ok. The sauce on them is great, but if you want chicken, stick with the fingers over wings. I personally love their location, but I think if they were to open a second location in a more central area, they may get more than the Henderson local love. However, this is a SOLID choice for a slice if you are in the area.
5	I finally made it here and I'm so glad I did.  The pizza was great but the chicken parm sliders were fricken amazing.  They were chicken fingers with sauce and cheese placed in garlic knots.  Yup, garlic knots as the bun!  I can't stop thinking about those darn things.  The service was great and very friendly.
5	Garlic knots were perfect! Doughy center with garlic butter mmmmm.Ghost fries were ok. Fries tossed in ghost chili seasoning. Cheese n spinach pizza delicious.  The crust to ingredients ratio was spot on. Def coming back
3	Good pizza Good wings. Staff is friendly. Its Basically a strip mall pizza Joint. I did like the flavor and crispness of the wings. I am a fan of good thin pizza and this met my expectations. We got it to go and they gave us sodas while we waited. Price is good service was fast staff was very friendly. I can recommend this and will go again soon.
5	You step in the door of this place and are consumed by the overwhelming smell of  fresh bread and garlic.  I was giggling at the pizza delivery guys hole in his shorts, but was quickly greeted by the cashier (owner?) who rapidly delivered my Pizza I had ordered over the phone.  We got home to eat our pizza but started with our free garlic knots (for checking in on Yelp). Ohhh EMMM Geeee the garlic knots were so fresh and HOT and buttery and perfect!!. After a couple of those I started in on the pizza.  I have now found the BEST PIZZA IN VEGAS!!  These people have perfected pizza. The sauce is amazing! The texture of the crust perfect! The cooking time was spot on.  The pepperoni, ham and pineapple was perfectly spread across the pizza and all amazingly fresh. (its so hard to find fresh food in Vegas). I cannot tell you enough how happy I am to find a GREAT Pizza place with great service.  The booths to sit in were very bright and cozy looking. Im so happy to patronize a small business and spread the word for SUCCESS!!
5	Bistro's Garlic Knots are to die for... they are a must have. :)
3	Someone posted a photo on here of a pepperoni and sausage pizza. It DID NOT look anything like the photo when I got my pizza home. After reading the reviews I expected a lot more flavor from the food. The pizza was JUST ok--but I do admit the garlic knots WERE THE BOMMMMB! Soft, doughy, and packed with a garlicky punch. I had some garlic knots the next day from another restaurant and it was hard to enjoy them because I kept comparing them to Bistro Pizza's--which was no match. Bistro Pizza has the best garlic knots by far. I also enjoyed their Bistro salad as well.
5	Whoever's idea it was to make meatball sliders out of garlic knots is a genius! Good pizza, garlic knots and service at very reasonable prices.
5	I absolutely love this place! Garlic knots taste excellent, crispy on the outside yet soft and fluffy in the middle. Chicken fingers are big and moist with a ton of flavor. Pizza is great!! We ordered two, one with pineapple and ham, the other with pepperoni, sausage, meatball and extra cheese. Crust is light and crispy, and the meatballs are amazing!! The service we received was great, food was delivered to our table quickly and everyone was so friendly. While we were eating, the soda machine ran out of syrup in the one I was drinking, I was quickly given an ice cold can of soda so that I would not go without a beverage while eating, that to me is attention to detail and means a lot. Bistro Pizza has a loyal customer in us from here on.
5	A rare gem in Henderson. I pass this plaza all the time , thought it was mostly abandoned. Gave it a try based on all the buzz generated on yelp. Ordered the BBQ chicken cal zone, which was AMAZING. Made with just the right amount of cheese & toppings , dough was baked just right & not burnt. Cal zone was nice & crispy and not leaking grease like so many other pizza places in Henderson. Definitely enjoyed my first time there & gonna grab some garlic knots next time. Place was very clean, staff was very friendly & helpful. GO GIVE IT A TRY!
3	As others have mentioned there is not always a delivery driver working, which is a major reason why it has taken me as long as it has to try Bistro Pizza out. We almost always want delivery when we decide to order a pizza, and every single time we have tried to get a pizza delivered from Bistro they have not had a driver available. I was out running errands on a Sunday when my husband requested that I bring home a veggie pizza. He suggested I get it from Bistro since I was going to be in that area. I called in the order, and in hindsight I should have asked for pricing to avoid the sticker shock that ensued later... At Bistro there is no such thing as a veggie pizza, you just pick a size (large is $15) and then add your toppings ($1.75 each). Bistro does have a lot of toppings to choose from, and it's probably partially my fault we ended up with a pizza that neither of us cared all that much for.. I ended up with a $30+ dollar pizza with so many toppings, it was difficult to taste any cheese or sauce. The crust was excellent, I'll go back to Bistro for a plain cheese pizza or perhaps a pie with just 1-2 toppings. And 5 stars for the garlic knots. Those things are delish, and getting them for free thanks to the Yelp check-in offer only makes them better.
5	I love this place. Great pizza, love the garlic knots, love the sauce, love the ghost fries, love that you can draw on the table. It's a great little place, you won't be disappointed. The only downside is the salad which I wasn't that fond of, they could do a better job there, but other than that, I dig it.You're probably here wondering if you should go or not, well I'll settle it for you: GO!
5	Found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try. The pizza is really good, I think its the best pizza I have had in Vegas so far. I tried the pizza with white sauce and meatballs, onions, green peppers and mushrooms. The flavor was just amazing. Definitely not soggy like some other places where I've had pizza before. The pizza base was also just perfect. Not too soft, not too hard/tough. I am definitely going here whenever I crave for pizza next!
5	Consistent, friendly, great food, and fair prices.  It's exactly what you want from your neighborhood pizza joint.  Do it.
3	***Heads up, the free Garlic Knots are not available for free with just a check in, I was informed I had to buy a large pizza in order to receive!***
4	After spending the day cleaning, scrubbing, polishing, mopping and vacuuming my house I wanted something yummy. No burgers, no pizza, no wings. I was craving garlic knots and a declicious caesar salad. If I was going to feel guilty about eating carbohydrates, it was gonna be worth it. I had left overs the next day, and I love how the knots hold up after reheating. Mmmmm.
5	Wow! Stumbled on this gem. AMAZING calzone and spaghetti. Can't wait to make the trek from the far northwest to eat here again!!! Wishing we lived closer to become a regular (they seem to have a lot of them). If you're near here and want a great meal for a great deal from some great people...go to Bistro Pizza!!! Yum yum!!!
5	Food is awesome and love this place! We have eaten hear a couple times a week and always satisfied with the food and service we receive great job guys and girls keep up the good work!
5	Our first visit this week - Cheese Pie, garlic knockers, spaghetti & meat balls, salad, and calzone - all perfect.  Friendly and responsive staff!  We'll be back the next time in town!
5	We had a party and ordered 4 large pizzas and garlic knots to go. Everyone loved it.  Can't wait to try more items on the menu.
5	First visit created a few  impressions: 1) are we in the right place? (Having recently relocated to Henderson, I am still not used to the concept of a non chain, locally owned restaurant located a strip mall.) 2). The 'atmosphere' of the place is emphatically informal. Almost to the point that it almost felt like we were sitting in the kitchen, looking over the shoulder of the staff.3) The staff was great. Let us take all the time we needed to get familiar with the menu, etc.4) We had pizza, salads and a pasta dish. All were simply outstanding. Makes my mouth water just writing about the food. And of course the garlic knots-wow.We will eagerly return to this funky, delicious, and friendly little gem of a an restaurant.
5	Agreed Bistro Pizza fits the niche for awesome and affordable pizza. The menu is perfect and balanced with yummy goodness! We are soooo lucky to have B. P. So close!!!!
4	Great Pie! Terrific crust, good sauce. A very good NY style pie. I only wish they did an 18" pie. 16" pies just don't seem to do a NY style pie justice.
5	Best pizza on the the southeast side of town. Located in a fairly old shopping center on Gibson off of the 215, you wouldn't expect this kind of quality from this unlikely place. It's tucked right behind a gas station in a residential area. We found this place because we wanted an alternative to the high-priced Grimaldi's. My family and I like the meatball pizza. In comparison to Verrazanos and New York Pizza (on Jones and Sahara), Bistro proves to be arguably superior. HOWEVER, Grimaldi's is still the best in Vegas imo. I just can't stand paying $35 for a pizza, which is why Bistro gets most of my business when I want a pie. To sum up my review, Bistro is proving to be the best of Las Vegas and Henderson. For the quality you get in a Bistro pizza, you can't beat the value. Dont forget to CHECK IN and get your FREE GARLIC KNOTS.
5	Went to Bistro pizza for the first time last week and I will definitely return. The pizza was great quality made to order, dough is hand tossed in the small prep area next to the dining room. Toppings were high quality and fresh. Great for families especially with kids. Tables have paper down for drawing with crayons and they have a selection of board games for while you wait/dine. Currently they have a check-in special for a free order of garlic knots with a purchase of large pizza. I was expecting a small side order but they provide you with their full order of knots which were great. The only thing I disliked is that the crust of the pizza was a little thick although it was cooked all the way through. I might see of they have a thin crust option next time. Overall great experience, good quality fresh pizza and good atmosphere!
5	Super nice staff and great tasting pizza.  We were in a bind trying to find a pizza place that would be open at 11am for a birthday party.  I took a chance and called Bistro Pizza at 10:40am and someone answered and took my take out order.  I picked up my two large pizzas and they were a hit!!  Everyone was asking where I got the pizza from, and the small group ate every slice.Will defiantly return.
1	Don't be deceived by the stars.  Went to this place because everyone rated the pizza out of this world.  I am from Chicago and had thin crust to deep dish pizza.  Gave this place a chance since it was in my neighborhood and wow was I disappointed.  The pizza sauce was bland and honestly there was nothing rememberable or special about it.  Had the garlic knots that were greasy and not very flavorful.  I would rather go to Little Caesar's and get a pizza with more flavor and cheaper price.  I have tried this place twice and the outcome was the same.
4	2nd time ordering here and their pizza is good. Thick edge crust, but the middle is somewhat thin to me. I'm used to the crust being the same size as the middle of the pizza, but whatever! The toppings are fresh, and their sauce is unique. I don't like a ton of sauce on my pizza and they do it perfectly. Now, their wings...gosh I'm such a wing snob being from Buffalo. I had a craving for wings. Ordered them well done, crispy. I got breaded and soggy :*(   I miss wings from back home that are cooked perfectly, NAKED (no breading) and crispy! Everyone here thinks crispy wings are overcooked for some reason. I have to assume they've only been eating wings from chain pizza places all their lives and that's what they're used to?  IE: Pizza Hut, Papa Johns?   I want naked wings, crispy on the outside, soft and juicy on the inside, and saucy...wings are meant to be messy...like 4 napkin messy. Sigghhhh the search continues. I'll still come back for their pizza though....oh and garlic knots are killer!
3	Everything here is extra salty and doughy.  We ordered a strombolie which was very salty, An order of garlic knots which was extremely doughy,  a pizza and meatball sliders which was super salty. The saltiness of everything overpowers the flavor.
4	Let me start this review in the most obnoxious way possible: I'm from NY. :) So I have pretty high expectations of a pizza place that advertises 'NY style thin crust pizza'. I ordered a plain cheese pie and a pepperoni pie for lunch for my employees. First let me say that walking in, I had high hopes! It smelled fantastic! A good sign. The set up also reminded me of a pizza place I might see in NY, so bonus points for that. Both were 'large' pies, but not the usual 18" large that I'm used to. The crust had good flavor, but I think if they used the same amount of dough and stretched it the extra two inches, it would be just a little thinner. Then if they cooked it a few minutes longer, it would get that bottom of the crust snap that NY pizza has. It was just a little too chewy. (Also, if they are making the crust on site, what water are they using? That makes a huge difference in bread products.)The sauce was decent, better than expected. I think they could use a little more cheese, but I'm a cheese monster so I won't ding them for it. All in all, considering some of the other 'options' that are around, I thought it was pretty good.
4	Loved Bistro Pizza! I only wish there was a menu with pizzas with the toppings already chosen for you. I can never make up my mind on what toppings I want, they're all so good :) There is a significant difference in price on nights with specials, if you're looking to save some money definitely check out their specials schedule. Touro students get a discount, don't forget that ID!
4	Great pizza. The owner use to work for metro so you know he can make a good pizza. I'm a NJ former resident so I know my pizza and I recommend trying there's.
3	pizza is nothing special for the price. They are also "Deal Nazis." They won't let you use your touro 1 topping large for 10$ and the yelp check in for free order of garlic knots and a weekly special (mon: 2 small 2 toppings for 10$) eventhough theyre completely seperate orders.
5	Still eating here regularly, food is top notch, tasty as ever. Super impressed with consistency. Usually after the newness wears off, the food can begin to taper off, but not here. Still our favorite !
5	I usually have a ceasar salad and pizza but going for the lasagna instead my favorite pizza in town.  love this place and the entire crew and best garlic rolls in all of vegasreyn Don't miss this place it's a hidden gem.....
2	We tried Bistro after seeing tons of great reviews, and they had gluten free crust. The service was great, but the pies weren't anything special ... And left both of us with nasty tummy aches--and we had two different things! Disappointed.
5	I went to Bistro for the first time today. Really good pizza and ranch. I liked it better than Metro, can't wait to try out more of the menu.
5	Took the family here for dinner this week after a friend mentioned it on facebook and reading Yelp.  We normally go to Metro for pizza when we dine in and we've been looking for a replacement due to the lack of atmosphere and most recently burned or over greasy pizza.  Its not a fancy place at all and the walls are stark white and lighting VERY bright. Both of those need work but that's an easy fix, dimmer bulbs and throw some paint or decor on walls.. no biggy.  I think the owner was there (I could tell by his actions he had some stake in the success of this place) and he was working just as hard as his employees and they had smiles on their faces.  For us, this is a huge plus, we def want to help small businesses grow and prosper. So far so good.  We ordered a large pizza, caesar salad, garlic knots (which we got free for checking in), and chicken fingers.  With out asking, they brought everything out in the perfect order.. I'm not sure if this was intentional or just our GREAT luck :) but that was a good thing.  Everything was piping hot and really good.  The knots were burned on the top a little bit but they were free so I didn't send them back, that was just a tiny little over sight and I'm sure it doesn't happen a lot.  The bill was about $36 and that included 3 soft drinks for our kids..  I think very reasonable and well worth it..  I really hope this place grows as the food and service were really good!  We will be back!  Our kids didn't complain either, another HUGE plus!
5	Wish I wasn't allergic to garlic. I SO wish I could have tasted the famous garlic knots.I don't know how we ended up in Henderson, but all I know is that the pizza was absolutely amazing!
2	Okay, these 2 stars are for the pizza. IMO the pizza sauce is lackluster in favor, more like tomato paste. The pepperoni slices are a bit too thin as well. Coverage was good but overall the lack of favor did it for me. Now, the garlic knots on the other hand get 5 stars!, these little buns are full of favor and definitely worth a trip for.Next time I'll try a pasta dish, they do have a good selection of items on their menu. Very friendly and hard working staff.
2	This place was ok. It was just normal pizza. I wanted to try the garlic knots  but when I mentioned the free knots with a yelp check in I was told I needed to buy a large pizza (I was buying a medium) if I wanted the free knots. When I agreed to buy the large they said they were out, yet, they continued to sell garlic knots to everyone who came in after me. Not a big deal, but over all the pizza was basic smaller than average size slices.
5	11/22/14- My husband wanted pizza tonight for dinner, reluctantly I agreed. I'm just not a pizza or hamburger person at all. We'll let me tell you this! This establishment has changed my mind about pizza. We live in Lake Las Vegas so anywhere we go it's a 20 to 40 minute drive. Bistro Pizza is well worth the drive.We ordered a large pepperoni, mushroom and onion pizza for I believe $25.00, wet fries I believe were $4.95 and got the free garlic knots when we checked in with YELP.This place is the .
5	Looking for a quality pizza place that delivers to a hotel, I found Bistro Pizza from Yelp.  Other than waiting a bit longer for them to deliver the pizza, it was absoutely delicious with fresh ingredients & full of flavor ( we did get fresh garlic). We are moving here, so I know I will buy pizza from Bistro Pizza whenever we are craving pizza (which is often)!
5	Absolutely love this place! The food is excellent. So happy to have found it! If you're in the mood for pizza and in the Henderson area this is definitely the place.
5	Tucked away but well worth the find. It totally lives up to the yelpers reviews. Being an ex New Yorker that knows the pizza world choices, it is sensational. The staff are very friendly and playful. Smiles are abundant.
4	Pizza was pretty good, free garlic knots were great and wings were decent. Id say food overall a 3 but great service for my takeout makes it an overall 4.
2	Called at 8:30pm on a Monday (according to both Yelp and their website, they are open at this time) to place a pick-up order (our first with this business) only to get the "We're closed" voicemail. Major bummer. Their online website/menu left us drooling. We SO wanted their Chicken Parm sub and Yelp famous garlic knots.NOT A DEAL BREAKER as we don't know why they were closed. Will update accordingly when we have been able to try them out.
4	Pretty good. We got calzones and they had a good amount of meat in them. The kids enjoyed the pizza. The two ladies running it were polite and the food was ready quickly.
4	Great little neighborhood place.  Everything we've tried has been great.  Their pizza is tasty and the fries are addicting.
