5	My family has been going here since I was in pre-school, and they have always had delicious apples, fresh cider, candles, honey, and raspberries. Plus, they are family-owned and so friendly.
5	Just went here today with my husband and kids.  A lovely, peaceful orchard with a nice variety of pick-your-own apples at a very reasonable price ($1 per pound as of today).  They also have an impressive variety of pre-picked apples inside the store, including lots of interesting heirloom varieties (such as Ashmead's Kernel, which I had never heard of until today, but once I read the description I just couldn't leave without buying some).  They keep their website updated so that you know what's available that week.  The grounds are well-kept and the family that owns the orchard was very friendly.  I was bummed that they were all out of cider today, but that gives me a reason to come back!
3	I want to give you a 5.  But I just can't.  First of all, update your website.  It looks awful and it is hard to use.  This is 2013 and it looks awful.  Also, please label your stairs!  I took the rather steep, gravel hill during my first visit.  Had I known there were stairs, perhaps I could have saved myself a stumble.  I really loved the apples.  Let's put that out there.  The Jonagolds were delicious and the staff was great.  They answered my questions and they were very friendly.  The reason why they lost two stars was the lack of signs and ribbons on the trees.  Where can I pick?  What can I pick?  I am so confused.  More signs please, or bigger colors.  It was kind of annoying and tiring that I spent half the time just trying to find the rows I could pick.  Regardless of everything above, this is a great little orchard for a family or just a couple looking for some fun on a weekend afternoon. I loved that it was cute, accessible and close to home.  So try it out, I am sure you will fall in love with the friendly people.
4	Omg this place is so cute!!! It's exactly how I imagined an apple orchard to be! Even though this was my first time going apple picking. It's a fairly close drive from the city and easy to find. It's got a big barn and a million apple trees and some grape vines where you can pick fruit till your heart's content! It's also got a small pen of mountain goats that you can feed and pet! I would have loved this place so much as a kid!! But it was a lot of fun as an adult too. Lots of scenic spots to snap photos and when I went last Sept the weather was perfect and the apples were ripe. We bought about 10 lbs for $10 and I made 2 dutch apple pies afterwards, they were amazing! A great place to spend an afternoon and try a bunch of different types of apples.
4	This is our second year in a row going to the orchard.  Last year it seemed to have a much larger selection in variety but it is a blast going either way.  I ended up with a peck of apples (about a small grocery bag size) for around $5.00.  We walked around for about an hour.  The scenery is awesome, there are lambs to look at for the kids, as well as a friendly orchard-dog who just roamed around.  So cute!Apples are nummy.  They also suggest you taste before you buy so you know what you are getting.  They also have a lot to grab and go in the little check out station thing.  The only semi-down side was that their cider and meat was expensive.  We told ourselves that after last year, we would purchase the meat this year.  As we looked through what they had and looked at prices, we still could not pull the trigger.  Call us cheap...but I am sure the meat is great.Just a heads up, it can get crowded.
