5	It's obvious that Andrea is dedicated to, and accomplished at her craft. I was in town on a business trip, and came to her looking for relief from soreness in my larger muscle groups and  overall bodily tension. Aside from working some magic that left me feeling invigorated, she's super professional: she'll set you at ease upon meeting, asks great questions to discern what you want or need out of your session, is responsive to requests for a stonger/lighter touch, and will make sure you're comfortable on the table.The studio is located on the lower level of an unassuming mid-century office building, and is without frills -- don't walk in expecting it to look like a spa, be equipped with a fountain, or for there to be someone waiting to check you in with a cup of tea. There are other places you can go for this.People from my office travel regularly to Madison, and I'll definitely be recommending  Resolution to my coworkers.
5	I have seen Andrea about 10 times now.  I get massaged from her on a weekly basis because of a nerve condition.  As the two previous reviews said she is without a doubt top notch at massage and truly cares about making your body feel good.  If you have any muscle soreness or just need a really great relaxing massage I would not go to anyone else.  This past massage session she took the time to teach me the correct way to walk (I knew I did not walk correctly) and helped fix my posture.  This has seriously changed my life in terms of mobility and the amount of pain I was experiencing.  Every week I see Andrea I walk a little better than I did the week before and she remembers every week where she left off the week before.  Slowly but surely through diet, exercise and massage (by someone as good as Andrea) I will be pain free and will be able to be as active as I once was!
5	Andrea is phenomenal! Really takes the time to listen to what you're hoping to get out of your massage and does a tremendous job to work with you and your body throughout. She also provides some useful tips on how to continue maximizing the benefits of the massage long after you've left her office--real dedication to helping her clients as much as possible. I visited Andrea two days after running an ultramarathon and I walked out of her office feeling totally rejuvenated and relaxed. I will definitely be recommending her to my friends!
5	I had been crabby and ill-tempered due to stress from lots of things going on (looking for properties to rent, wedding planning, starting a new job). My fiance was after me for a while to get a massage and I kept balking because they can be pretty pricey. He kept telling me to come here - he had been here himself per a recommendation from a friend and he kept talking about the massages.  I should've listened to him sooner! Andrea did such a great job! I could feel the knots gradually melting away and the stress leaving my body during the hour massage. She'll set you at ease immediately and take a few minutes at the beginning of the session to chat with you to figure out what parts of your body needs attention. She was wonderful and very professional too!
