4	I will be the first to admit that I'm probably one of the least girly-girls you'll ever meet, short of being a tomboy (that would require being physically fit, right?).  To this day, I have still never had a mani-pedi (I get weird about people touching my feet and my nails are a total wreck).  And before my trip to Ann's Salon, I had never had a facial before either.  Damn, have I been missing out!I was in Las Vegas visiting family last week, and my cousin raved about her new salon to my mom, who *is* a total girly girl (the woman is 60 years old and absolutely fabulous!).  The fact that the price for first-time customers was only $40 certainly sweetened the deal.The facials are given by the lone Filipina working in this Vietnamese-run salon.  She's got a very spacious private room set up in the back and she plays some very soothing music.  To start, I had my eyebrows waxed, another first for me.  The idea of putting hot wax on my body, especially my face, has never seemed appealing to me, plus I have very sensitive skin.  But the facialist (uhh is that the correct term?) was very gentle and it just felt like pulling a band-aid off.The facial itself was so relaxing!  She also used hot stones to massage my arms and upper back.  At one point, I drifted off into a blissful massage-induced sleep.  She spent a good hour on me and I felt like I was transported into a very happy, peaceful place.Meanwhile, my mom was getting her toes done, and then her hair.  She was very satisfied with all the service they provided, and everyone was incredibly friendly.  They also have ample seating for all those husbands waiting for their wives to get all prettied up...and some of them were waiting for their turn on the hair salon chair too.So now I just have to find an equally good and affordable place in NYC to get my facial fix.  I guess being a girly-girl does have its perks!
4	I called in yesterday afternoon to see if they can take an appointment for sometime before they closed, and they told me to come in at anytime before 7pm to get the eyebrow waxing done.  I did go in around 6:30, and the lady that waxed my eyebrows did a fantastic job.  The price is pretty reasonable and the place is so easy to find.   I'm putting this place down in my book for whenever I'm in need to get my eyebrows cleaned up.
3	I was in Vegas for a wedding looking for a quick place to get an eyebrow wax and came across Ann's Salon. They welcomed walk-ins and it was about 11:30a. No line. My bf was with me and we were greeted after a minute or two. I went into the room to get my eyebrow waxed and there's the bed with a sheet of USED paper laying on top of it. You could tell it was used cuz there were tears and it was all wrinkled. The lady that helped me was pretty good at what she did since she focus greatly on cleaning my brows perfectly but all I could think of the whole time laying there was "how many people used this sheet of paper I'm laying on?"My bf got a manicure. It took awhile for him to finish because during his process, the lady that helped him did something that made his cuticles bleed on two fingers! We went to buy neosporin after cuz I didn't want him getting an infection with this place not being sanitary.We probably won't be coming back here if we ever need a quick job done. Nor would we really recommend it unless you want cheap and quick and don't mind it being unsanitary.
4	Had one of my best haircuts here in April. I was in town for a trade show, went without appointment on a Sunday. The cut was done all with electric razors (with varying guide adaptors to control length). It was quick, cheap, fast and good! An experience!
1	I went to this place because it was near my home.  When I walked in, they greeted me nicely, and boy did I expect excellent service.  I did not have an appointment, but they told me the wait should be no longer than ten minutes.  And while watching the hairstylists cut the other customers hair, I witnessed complaints.  The customer said the hairstylist doesn't listen and she walked off mad!!  Finally it was my turn.  At this point, I was quite hesitant.  But since a different hairstylist was catering to me, I decided to stay.  I sat down and looked at the stationary.  I was astounded!!  The combs had hair and the scissors looked chipped off.  I wasn't even sure would it cut my hair.  And I was right, while they started cutting, the broken scissor yanked some of my hair off.  So I immediately stopped them, and ended the service.  I will definitely not come back and would not recommend this place to anyone!!  It is dirty!
5	Asians tend to be very intimidating. Although, I am one,  I lack a backbone when pressed by pushy women. This is why I used to go to western style hairdressers. Ann, on the other hand, is the complete opposite. I felt bad for this woman, because my mom would incessantly talk about me when I was in Korea. I came to realize this when I sat down and she asked me very detailed questions about my stay abroad. Instead of just a stylist, she felt like my aunt. I appreciate this detail because she honestly listens to her client. This transcends the idle chit-chat and manifests itself in her attention to detail and guest input.Back to the backbone, I used to avoid Chinatown for haircuts because the hairdressers always told me what I should get or stay away from without going into detail about why. This is not the case here. When my aunt came to visit, she wanted to get a haircut, but Ann politely declined to cut it. She did so because my aunt had finished chemo not too long ago. Instead of just cutting it, taking her money, and get to the next guest, Ann puts great pride into what is best for her client. I admire that. Men haircuts are $10, while women range from 15-25 for different lengths.
5	After reading everyone's review, I decided to go to Ann's Salon. I didn't make an appt. but just did a Walk-In a little after they opened. I was greeted right away and the wait was less then 10 minutes. At first I didn't know how I wanted my cut or what DO I was looking for. Miss JENNEY made few suggestions and I went along with it. She did such an amazing job! I love my hair cut! After the hair cut, I decided to try waxing my brows. I've always had my brows threaded but never waxed so it was a nice experience. My brows turned out very nice and I love it! I would definately go back! I think I found my new TO-GO-SPOT! WooHoo!!!Just in case you're wondering what I paid for all this....* Haircut: $25.00 (since I have super long hair)* Brow Waxing: $10.00 ((( don't forget to tip!!! )))Overall, my 1st time experience at Ann's Salon was SUPERB! The staff there are friendly, there's plenty of parking, and what I loved the most was that I didn't have to wait long... =)
5	ladies here were super nice even waited for us to get our nails done at the last second. ill for sure go back again when im in vegas
5	Came here today on a whim that I needed to pamper myself. After reading the good reviews on the waxing, I decided to make an appointment.  It was about 11 am when I called, and the lady on the phone told me to come on in. When I walked in, I was greeted right away with a friendly staff.  Jenny helped me with my eyebrows, highlights, and haircut. I felt like I was #winning today. My eyebrows were unshaped, and I never had it waxed before. Needless to say I am hooked on waxing, and I can't wait to get pampered again. I would also love to comment that Jenny did an excellent job on my hair, layers, color. I just love it. I am a happy customer, and felt pretty walking out.
4	Love this place! Mostly because of its cheap hair cuts (I have short hair and its $25 for everything including tip) and the staff seem great.I only gave it a 4 star instead of 5 because the guy I used to get my hair cut with left to go back to Virginia and he gave me THE best hair cuts. He would give me explanations on how he was cutting my hair instead of just starting and hoping for the best. When I found out he left, I was devastated. But I couldn't give up the salon because the prices were reasonable. So I set up an appointment with Travis instead. He was a cool dude not only because he dressed like David Blane but also because he would give me a heads up on what he was doing with my hair before he did anything so he was sure I'd like it. The only set back on him was that he didn't know how to do my hair the style I wanted (which was one side longer than the other). But other than that, he's awesome at what he does and my cut turned out great. I wouldn't pay for anything more than $25 for a hair cut so this is the perfect place for me. Most of the salons they have up in Centennial ranges in the 40s and 50s and that's just ridiculous.
4	Niki,my hairstylist was great! She took her time to cut my long hair into layers and showed me how to get different looks with it.  This is my new fave hair salon.
5	Some close friends recommend I try out Ann's Salon for a haircut.  My friend gets his haircut from Nina and said she was great.  Nina is a true professional and after telling her the look I was going for she cut my hair exactly the way I was trying to describe to her.  She gave some great suggestions on what works with how my hair grows in particular. Every time I've called in for an appointment she has been on time and she's extremely friendly.  Her service goes beyond the $12 (tip not included) charged for a basic men's haircut.
4	Not being from Las Vegas I was in need of a hair cut badly and had no idea where to go. Ann's Salon was on Yelp and they are open on Sunday. The location is tucked in the corner of a strip center and is quite largeI had no appointment and Henry cut my hair professionally and I was pleased with the results.Prices here are  reasonable and they also do nails and skin care.I'll surely return here again when I'm in need of a haircut in Las Vegas
4	Good place, crowded but Ann gets the job done well. She listens and doesnt go crazy leaving you with a buzz cut when you ask for a trim or touch up.
5	Being new to town, I was looking for someone who understood how to cut Asian hair properly.  Ann , the owner, has been cutting my hair since I moved to Vegas in Dec 2001 while she was a one person operation renting space in another salon.   Several years later, she opened her own salon that has lot of great men and women stylists who can offer great services to men, women and children.  Some of the services offered are haircuts manicures, pedicures and facials.  The prices are really reasonable here and everyone is really friendly!    They do take walk ins, but sometimes its better to make an appointment with your favorite stylist to avoid not being able to see them when you want to!!
1	Went in hoping to just get my bangs trimmed. Somehow i was pressured into a complete haircut and highlights. (she will also try to sell you manicures, pedicures, eyelash extensions, hair products, etc..) I told her the maximum length she should cut is 3". I lost about 6" of length that day. Also, the red highlights i wanted didn't come out as bright as expected. I wish she had told me that the whole process was gonna take over 5 hours! I was there until past 10 pm and they close at 7! My scalp is on fire cause she was not delicate when combing my hair. I was so tired and wanted to go home afterwards and i didn't really check it out til the next morning. For $130 and 5 hours of my life, i was not impressed. Never again. Or at least stay away from kim.
2	I got my haircut from tina for 12 on a sunday afternoon. no wash. self-styled. - HAIRCUT and YELP FAIL. Maybe a language barrier, but she did not like how i wanted my hair cut. "i cut many hair, i know," kind of impression. I must got some fob hair. lol. "it's too thick." My biggest peeve was that she cut my side burns! You're supposed to ask about these things! Overall, it came out okay, after being pretty firm on a few things. I was hoping for a more pleasant experience. - No wait time. I got my hair cut right when I walked in.- Really BIAS. Before coming to Vegas, Yashi Hair Salon (westminster, Ca) would pre and post wash while giving a good scalp massage, cut and style all for $10. - I'd rather trim my own hair for a couple months and wait till i go back to westminster, than get a hair cut in vegas. sigh..
3	It's a decent place, not the best and not the worst. It's not really clean, but it's not dirty either. Everything about this place is just OK and average. It's pretty cheap; you do get what you pay for. I used to be a regular customer. Duc had been cutting my hair for years for $20-$25 (the price went up a couple years ago), and he used to be fantastic, but for the last few years he's been doing a lazy job and I kept going hoping that this time he would finally cut my hair like he used to, but every time I kept getting disappointed and decided to stop going to him. Not only did he start doing a shotty job, but he started to get really pushy. I was going through a period where I was trying to grow out my hair and so I rarely got it cut, and he kept pressuring me, telling me that I needed to get my hair cut more often or it would look bad. Not really a comfortable situation. I did have a few other stylists at Ann's salon cut my hair (I don't remember any of their names) and they were all decent, most of them were very nice. Like I said before, nothing amazing and nothing terrible happened, you get what you pay for.
5	I refuse to go anywhere else after I found this salon 2 years ago. I tried 3 different people in the salon, & out of the 3 I really loved Nina. Every time I go I make an appointment with her and only her :)
5	I had an awesome experience with a full body wax! They're professional, quick & totally worth every penny. I highly recommend this if you're in Vegas on vaca and were dumb enough not to be groomed already!  These ladies gave me an amazing wax and then gave me a special birthday present by reducing the cost!  Thanks lovely ladies!
5	I was in desperate need of a haircut, and thanks to yelp I stumbled across Ann's Salon. Upon walking in, I was pleasantly surprised by the lively music playing and the friendly staff that greeted me right away. I let them know I wanted a shampoo and cut, and they quickly assisted me. The shampoo and wash was very relaxing and included a scalp massage, which immediately sent me into a state of complete relaxation. I let my hairdresser, Huy, know how I wanted my hair to be cut and he immediately started to work on my hair. Now, I have to let you know that my hair can be very difficult, but Huy took his time and paid a lot of attention to detail, making sure I liked the progression along the way. He even straightened my hair, which actually surprised me because I usually have to ask for that! When he was done, I was completely happy and satisfied with the outcome of the haircut! I will definitely be returning again.
3	I don't particularly like getting my hair cut.  I think they tug too much and you never can really judge the appearance of the cut til you wash it.  Ann's is a Vietnamese hair salon with decent prices.  I normally go to NYC to get my hair cut, but I thought I might save 50% of my usual amount and get it cut here.  I have shoulder length hair, and the final charge ended up being $25.  My hairdresser was Jenny, a very sweet lady.  I told her that I wanted to give my hair more definition and volume, but keep the length since I'm trying to grow it back out.  I thought we were on the same page, but she took off 3-4inches.  Not a deal breaker.  The cut came out fine.  Jenny was a little rougher than I'm used too, but she may have been a little distracted.  When I told her that I wanted more volume, she took out the time to do so.  I chose to walk in on Vday, so they were quite busy.  It's possible that I would have gotten a different experience had I came on a different day.
5	I've been coming here since 2008 & only trust Ann's Salon, particularly Travis, to cut my long, VERY long, hair. He always knows exactly what I want & knows not to cut off too much. He does my layers perfect every time. My mom got a drastic cut from long to short & he did amazing. I've attempted to go to different salons several times but their technique of cutting hair is completely different & they never take their time. It's never the way I want it to be at other places. I will only come here pretty much for life. Oh & I never paid more than $25 for my haircut. Way worth it.
5	Great man's haircut.  Very short wait time.  My place for haircuts from now on.
1	They advertise for nails but they don't do anything other than basic mani pedi. No acrylic, gel or anything. Also, they charge $110 for eyelash extensions, way too expensive.
5	Best hair salon for the most reasonable price ! The detail they put in each cut is remarkable. They listen to whatever you want and you won't regret the outcome. I always come here and ask for Teresa , she is the best at layers and treating your hair right. The place may be small but who cares if you're gonna get the best hair cut of your life !
1	Ugh, this place is a drag...last time my boy friend I went here, their credit card machine was broken, so my boyfriend had to run to the ATM and pay in cash.My mom really loves this place, so she tends to take me here for our hair cuts now instead of other places now that she has found her 'home-girl hairdresser' (if I can only remember the name of said hairdresser though). Being the typical Asian/'tiger mom' that she is, she's a cheapo and does her best to save up whenever she can. She's one of those types that love to haggle merchants for lower prices, a habit she picked up back in East and Southeast Asia.I'm pretty sure she tried to haggle the chicks that worked here.Regardless, their prices are pretty cheap compared to other Asian salons in Chinatown. If I remember correctly, it's $35 for a hair-cut. I remembered paying $50 at rus2our/'Rush Hour 2' salon.I've been here several times to know the quality of their service here thanks to my mom making this her HG place. I feel like I'm in an episode of a Korean drama every time I come here due to this.The women do a decent job of cutting your hair, but they do a pretty bad job if you have wavy or curly hair. They only know how to cut straight Asian hair and will treat your wavy/curly locks as if it was straight hair. Since I also have some Puerto Rican genes in my hair, I am stuck with thick-ass, 2C wavy hair.And these ladies? They just do not know how to do cut wavy hair. They know absolutely nothing about methods to cutting curly hair such as the Deva Cut. You will instead end up with the dreaded 'triangle hair' and looking as though you just stepped out of the 70s/80s.I was also taken here once to do a formal up-do--if you want to do haircut & updo, make sure to do it in one go and to get one of their combo deals. I get flaky and tend change my mind a lot, so my boyfriend ended up paying more for separates. The ladies refused to give a discount or a refund, but eh, I guess a fault on my behalf.Anyway, I love the retro look and have a fondness for 40s/50s pin-up or rockabilly styles. I also love the early 60s look as well thanks to shows like Pan-Am or Mad Men. So I printed out a photo of Audrey Hepburn in her infamous "Breakfast at Tiffany's" look and wanted my up-do to look like that.I showed my mama's hairdresser the picture, but she went against my wishes by saying that hairstyle looked "outdated and too old" on me--girl, that's the POINT. I LOVE retro styles, so of course it will be "old!" I had no say in what I was allowed to do, and she styled my hair in a way that I didn't like. I was absolutely dissatisfied that she went against a CUSTOMER's wishes without their permission! Ugh...didn't even get a refund for it.There was also I time when I had an appointment to get my hair dyed. I've gotten my hair dyed here twice--once when I wanted purple highlights in my hair, and the second time when I wanted my hair color to be burgundy.Yeah, you read that right--purple, as in the kinds you see in punk rocker hairstyles.I don't know what kind of dye brand the stylists used for my purple highlights. I'm thinking Manic Panic, because the dye didn't really last that long after 10 shampoos or so. But that's expected of any unnatural hair dye since they're semi-permanent.However, what I did not expect was my burgundy hair coloring to wash away after a handful of shampoos and fade to a dull dark brown.The hair dye was supposed to be permanent--they did not tell me that they were using a semi-permanent dye once more, and the price my mom paid to get my hair colored burgundy wasn't worth it if it was going to be washed away like this. I'm highly disappointed--those burgundy hair coloring packs that you can buy at Walmart or so do a better job of coloring your hair than whatever brand these stylists used.So if you want your hair to be dyed unnatural or somewhat unnatural colors, don't go here to do it. Go elsewhere instead, such as rus2our, Beaut Point or even Curl Up n' Dye.Besides these, the quality of the salon itself is pretty much. The decor looks like they all came from the 90s--I'm pretty sure the interior design of the place hasn't been updated in about a decade. There also seems to always be a lot of hair on the floor, as if the staff has gotten lazy to sweep all the strands. It makes the place slightly disgusting since the chances of accidentally stepping on the globs of hair are high.You'll also have a hard time understand the ladies' accents if you're not used to the thick Vietnamese accent. If you can speak their tongue though, they'll warm up to you pretty quickly. Most of the time though, I just stay quiet and it can get pretty awkward.Ugh, I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone unless they're desperate or on a budget. Only go here if you want a hair trim. But for anything else? The other nearby Chinatown salons are better.
5	Let's start off by admitting hair to a lady is a big deal. And after moving to Las Vegas I really wanted to find "MY" hairdresser local instead of having to wait to get back to my 2nd hometown to trim my locks. My mom went to this with a different hair stylist who did a wonderful job, however when I came to the same salon, I didn't ask for who she had, but just kind of sat down with whoever's turn it was. After a little confusion, wonderful Phuong sat me down and asked me what I wanted and took his time cutting my long hair into defined layers and kept up a wonderful conversation. I left feeling light and bouncy!!
2	Let me just start by saying that I have been to this salon several times. The owner (Ann) does a great job whenever I've had services with her. However, my friend and I went the other day for eyebrow waxes and did not have a good experience. We both had girls that we hadn't met before. I went first and she rushed me into the back room. First let me start by saying that when I get an eyebrow wax I expect it to take about 10-15 minutes. (I've had at least 50 eyebrow waxes) She spent a grand total of maybe 2 minutes on my eyebrows. All she did was wax them! She didn't trim them or tweeze them AT ALL. And trust me, they needed it!!! What was even worse was she spent the entire 2 minutes trying to upsell me to get other services. She said AND I QUOTE "Oh you need a facial you have a big pimple!". HOW RUDE. As if I would stay and endure another minute of her criticism. Then she asked me if I was getting a lip wax as well. I was so offended. My upper lip is NOT hairy and certainly doesn't need a $15 wax. My friend had the same experience. They spent almost no time on her eyebrows and just tried to get her to do other services while we were there. I can usually go about 4-6 weeks between eyebrow waxes. But this time I will need another within 2 weeks. I will not be going back to this salon.
4	Four stars only because I don't know about the other hair stylists/nail service. This is a very reasonably priced salon. Nothing fancy... But I think do their best to keep their stations, children friendly, and they will take care of you even when you pop up with no appointment. I have been coming to this place for about a year, and I think most stylists do the job above average. My favorite is Travis, hands down. He always checks with me to ensure the job is done right. He is super meticulous too. I will return to this salon as long as he stays here.
5	Best haircut I have had in a long time. Super quick and amazing results. I am very happy with my new dew! I'll be back again for sure!
1	Horrible experience AGAIN!! Used to get my hair done by Duc who moved back to SC. Since then haven't been able to find a hair dresser that can cut straight hair in a V properly. Teresa screwed my hair up, tugging half the hair off my head when she should be combing it out after a wash. She cuts like she wants to cut me!Travis is nice, but that's about it. Anyone know where Duc is? He was suppose move back to vegas in February. His phone has now been disconnected.He worked and was trained by Toni and Guy. He is the only hairdresser I ever found that was GREAT at what he does.
5	I've been going to Ann's Salon for about a year.  I've got curly, thick, wiry hair.  Ann is almost always my stylist and does an amazing job every time.  Since I've grown a beard she also does a great job shaping and trimming it.  They are always busy, but I've never had more than a 10 or 15 minute wait, if that long.  I've since started making appointments and of course I get my haircut right away.
5	haven't had a haircut from a Vietnamese lady in 10 years.This lady, Kim, she definitely did a damn good job. took her time to perfect it, understood what I wanted and how I wanted it. $12 well spent!
5	My mom love to get his hair, ask for PHUONG after the hair cut washing shampoo and color . He did a great job making his head
5	Amber is a great hair .lady Ann she did hair cut for my sister .ask for Ann's did a good job .thank you
5	I'd been having my boyfriend come here for almost 2 years, I don't trust anyone else to do it but Hannah. I'm super picky with how my boyfriend's hair looks so I trusted in Yelp to find him a great place to cut his hair. You'd think it's not hard to cut men's hair but many places can't get his hair right. $12 for a great men's cut and I can have a nice conversation with the stylist! Can't go any where else that's cheaper with a great hairstylist!
5	The only salon I would ever go to, in all seriousness. Theresa is my all time favorite, she knows how to layer hair correctly, especially thick Asian hair. I've been going here since middle school and never have I been disappointed. If you want a pro to do your layers, this is the place to go!
5	Come here tagged along with my boyfriend and everytime he's come without an appointment, they take him within 5-10 minutes. Service is super fast and the quality is great! They have awesome hair technicians. Whenever I'm waiting, the ladies are super nice and ask me if I need anything. One day I would like to get my nails done here just to see how they do. But the guys always do a great job on my boyfriend's hair, so it's great to be a regular at a salon. Thumbs up for Ann's Salon! I've seen her work and she is very personable. She's great!
5	I had a haircut  at Ann' s salon  .l really like staff  over there is very friendly   and professional , Travis who is best of hair stylist  He's very nice and having good skill , his clients had been always satisfy .My recommendation is keep coming back with Ann ' s salon.
5	I've gotta give 5 stars to this place for three reasons. First, price is unbeatable in Vegas especially for men's haircut. I went across the street to beauty to beauty and the price is $25. This place is $12. Secondly, quality of haircut. I was satisfied with the fade and overall haircut. Jenny was up to date with styles and gave advice aswell. Last but not least, customer service. The workers there are friendly and love what they do. You can't beat this place anywhere in Vegas. I would highly recommend going to Jenny. She can cut mens hair great. If you wait for Henry, he's usually booked by all dudes cause he's a dude. But Jenny can get the job done. Look for her! Anyways stay fresh peeps.
5	Came here for the first time a few months back and have been coming back once every 3-4 weeks since. Hannah cuts my hairs and I'm very satisfied with her. I also came here for a facial one time. Hannah is a pro and takes her time with my hair cuts and gives a very relaxing, refreshing facial as well. The service here is always good, people here are really nice. No more B & B or anywhere else for haircuts. The thing I enjoy the most is the shampoo you get after the haircut, so relaxing n awesome, she really takes her time to massage the scalp, neck n face, and all for $15, where can you find service like that anywhere else in Chinatown? I definitely would recommend Hannah to anyone. Bringing my daughter to get her first perm this weekend n will update after. Been to many places for haircuts but this place and Hannah is the best.
1	Huy cut my hair this is the second time and the second time he messed up too... came in looking for him to fix my hair.... not there.... lady asks me what i need i said he fked up my hair and needs to fix it.  She says come back when hes here..... wrf??? Sheeeit service I got pics before and after ...Made a hole in my hair and unevenly cuy my side burns
4	I moved to Las Vegas in June and I knew finding the right barber or stylist would be tough since I had been going to the same guy for 22 years. Ann's Salon has the best price for cuts and a shampoo for men. I've had my hair cut by almost everyone there, so that I know who's good and who's not good at cutting mens hair. I would recommend Jenny, Kim, Travis and Phoung for mens cuts. The other ladies I find are not as good; however, I don't normally complain because the price is very low. I would recommend Ann's and you'll have to discover which stylist is best for you.
5	second time coming here... Jenny did my hair this time but last time a pregnant lady did it, I didn't get her name but she did a beautiful job and Jenny (who did my hair this time) did a great job as well... goes to show that everyone here knows what they're doing! only come here for haircuts and dye job :)) I'm really cautious with my hair and who does itand love when I find salons that employs only the best :)
