1	Of all the places in Madison to go out, to eat at, to do anything at, why would you go here? (Especially when there is a line. Seriously.)
1	If you've ever said to yourself, "Hey, know what I don't have but want? Gonorrhea! I should get gonorrhea!" but don't want to have sex with someone, the KK is the best place you could possibly go. If, however, you do not want to get gonorrhea, syphilis, or any other of the countless airborne genital-infections, I would avoid this place. I don't even want to think about the kind of people who have fun here.
3	I've only been here once but the time I had was pretty awesome. $3 pitchers of bud?!?!?!?! Thats awesome! There were not many girls in this place then again I don't remember seeing that many women in Madison. I thought it was supposed to be a college town? Oh well I liked this place and if SDSU ever plays UW again I definitely go back.
2	This is the place to be if your are one of the two following types of people.1. You are in college because your ability to run with, chase, kick, or throw ball shaped objects.2. You are looking to sleep with someone who is in college because of their ability to run with, chase, kick, or throw ball shaped objects.I was never a fan of this bar, because I was not a college athlete, and thus the women at this bar were not having anything to do with me.Where is the bar for girls that are Rocket Scientist chasers ? Haiku!Look! Its number 8 !Wearing sweat pants to the bar ?Jocks gets the chicks here.Talent Level ? Impressive most nights. I had an in with some volleyball girls and spent some time here as a jersey chaser myself, and I must say this bar has some hotties. If you are a little guy, you best say you are the kicker.
1	This is the bar to go to if you are looking to get or give STDs.  No thanks.
1	There are three types of people that like this bar:  athletes, jersey chasers, and underage sorostitutes and frat boys.Apparently, people that don't fall into those three categories go here to dance.  How is it possible to bust a move when your feet stick to the ground.  I've managed to break a pair of flip flops at the KK due to the incredibly sticky ground.  Super lame.  Plus, the music is not that good.  I call these people straight up liars.  They use the dancing as an excuse in hopes that one of the fine athletes at the UW will take them home for a night.A friend of mine actually told me a story about the hockey players that hang out in the KK.  They know the girls that are there solely for the athletes, and tag them as such.  Then for the remainder of the night they decide who goes home with who.Gross.Just to let everyone out there know:  chances of your athlete boys going pro = not good.  Waste of time!
2	Went to this bar on a Thursday and Friday night.  Originally from college towns and then living in DC, my friends had told me there were high expectations for nightlife in Madison.  Unfortunately, we were sorely disappointed for Thursday night in particular.This was one of the stops on Thursday, well, and on Friday night as well.  We may have gotten there somewhat early, around 11 o'clock, but there were 4 people there.  Seriously, 4.  It was hilarious watching a girl peek in and tell her friends "they're carding guys, it's a no-go".  Really took me back.Friday night was better, there were more people, but it was just OK.  I guess the dance-off that took place saved it from a one-star rating.
2	Meh is right.  Fun if you want to go there and get wild with people looking to bring back the true meaning of dirty dancing.  The bar is pretty hard to get to and the drinks are alright.  It's impossible to move through that place when it's busy and I feel like everything is always dirty and wet.  The floors are disgusting and the women's bathroom always smells of sweat and vomit.  My friend one time vomited in the middle of the bathroom because of how nauseating the smell alone was.  I can't say I haven't had fun here, because truthfully if you're hammered and want to dance - it's a good time.  Just not my first choice.
1	The only good thing about this bar is that you can usually see an athlete or two every weekend night.The bad: obnoxious underage coasties, over crowded, dirty, crappy music, douche bags, jersey chasers, and the staff sucks.There is never a good reason to go to this place.
4	Not bad, it's pretty chill and the drinks are cheap.  I would never go on weekends cuz it gets way to packed, but hey it's a chill place where you can talk or dance.
5	The new renovations look great, the floors aren't sticky....yetonly downside is the bathroom spots got switched so there will be a learning curve involved, and no novelty condoms wtf???? Also L-Berkotitz was nowhere to be seen
3	I will make fun of this place until the day I die, but I will find myself ending up and this venereal palace of Jersey Chasers, Frat Boys, Athletes, and underagers for the rest of my undergraduate life.At first I was dragged here, but now I embrace every experience like its my last. Girls clothing options are particularly funny, along with popped collars and ed hardy T shirts from the frat guys. Also your best chance of running into Ron Dayne outside of the state fair autograph sessions.
1	I was brought here by some UW alums, as we were all in town for football.  Any bar that has Spotted Cow on tap gets a one-star bump from me, so they get... one star.  I get that working here makes you a big-swingin-d!*k in the UW-Madison social circle, but holy frijoles, a more colossal collection of douchenozzle employees would be hard to find anywhere outside of NY/LA.  This is possibly the rape-iest bar I've ever been to, and I live, work, and play in Scottsdale, the fertile crescent of rape-y bars.  I can't wait for my next trip to Madison, but this place will not be on the list.
3	Not the nicest bar in Madison by a long shot, but the KK provides solid entertainment. The good: Drinks are cheap, bathrooms and new layout are much nicer than in years past, a make shift "dance floor" usually makes its way near the back. The bar food is decent overall.The questionable: If you are a jersey chaser of any sort, there are always plenty of athletes here....from benchwarmers to quarterbacks.The bad: The floors are disgustingly sticky. The crowd can range from douchey and jerky to skanky and wasted. Lines can be stupid long and the occasional bouncer showcases an enormous power trip.I've had plenty of evenings at the KK...some much better than others. Memories...
2	Kollege Klub is a relatively large bar, but there isn't much to offer here aside from a group of college bros and a drunk, boisterous crowd. There's popular music being played consistently and the crowd is young, but other than that, it didn't do much for me.
3	My friends and I frequent this bar on the weekends but yesterday was the first time we attempted their food (we were desperate). The cheese curds were surprisingly good, as were the chicken tenders. Good bar food is a must and they have it! Obviously not homemade but it will do the trick.It's definitely not the cleanest place and the crowd can be questionable. But hey, it's a college bar in a college town.
2	I think my friends secretly hate me...I'll give the good, the drinks are pretty damn good. Some really nice eye candy.The bad why is it so sticky??? I'm hoping spilled drinks and not body fluids......I understand college bar but ladies have some class as much as I love the hot outfits seriously pick a person not 8. I did actually buy 2 guys drinks for having the dirtiest pick up lines. I agree on other reviews if your're looking for a STD, maybe roofied this is the club for you. Oh the bartenders are awesome make great fun shots
1	Just aheads up the bouncers will take your ID and not give it back even if you offer them $75.
