5	Awesome new restaurant. Decor and atmosphere was impressive. Albacore Tataki appetizer was excellent. They also had Mango Boba Cocktail which was good. Yaki Udon was on point. Tried the Eight Roll, Miami Roll, Firecracker Roll, Sashimi Roll, and Sea to Shore Roll. All were tasty. Did I mention they also make their own sriracha?! Eight is Great!
4	Took my turn at visiting this new place just last weekend and was impressed.  The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly regarding the menu options as well as being attentive but not overly so as to annoy.I chose a couple non rice/low carb options and while I've tried these types of rolls at other places, Eight really got it right.  This is the old Bask place but they have really transformed it via some very unique artwork by a local artist and given it a very trendy vibe.
4	Food was excellent. It is good for casual sushi but service could be more professional.
4	This is such a great addition to the NC Music Factory. I think this area and surrounding businesses will benefit from having a solid sushi option here.I stopped here before CFG Style Week to grab dinner with some girlfriends. I love what they have done to inside of the place. Big upgrade from Bask. I would describe it as a trendy and chic decor. Some really cool work by a local artist.In celebration of its grand opening, Eight has been running sushi special buy one signature roll and get a classic roll free. Check the restrictions... valid Tuesday-Thursday for a limited time only. We each ordered two rolls. We went with the Hilo Poke Roll, Spider Roll, Hamachi Ponzu Maki, Krazy Roll, Panko Tuna Roll and the Alaska. That food didn't stand a chance. It was all good. I really liked the combination of the Hamachi Ponzu Maki. Spicy Yellowtail and Cucumber Roll, wrapped with Yellowtail and Avocado, Shaved Serrano, Cilantro & Shisa Pesto. I don't think I've ever had a roll with pesto. Hilo Poke was also great.I also ordered one of the boozy bubble teas. It's like an interactive milkshake for a big kid. Oh, but with some alcohol. There is free parking available in the lot across from the Fillmore. If you don't feel like walking, there's also usually valet right inside the fountain area. I think it's just $5. I always go for the free and the exercise... well, unless it's raining or my shoes are too big.I will definitely be back. I love that the Music Factory has another choice for food when it comes to pre-gaming for a concert, comedy show, event, etc. Good luck to you Eight Sushi!
3	And the desperate search for fresh sushi continues - this place is not the one. I give it three stars to indicate there is room to grow.  When I came here early on a Friday evening, we were greeted warmly by a cute hostess and even better, edamame hummus with shrimp chips. Started off with a bang. The sushi itself was underwhelming. The only way to describe it would be that it hadno integrity as if it was frozen and unthawed rather quickly. It's a shame given how good their decor. The concept works and the staff seems solid.Great location with some upside. *** Mini-Update (10/29/14):  The chick handling their marketing/social media reached out to me and explained that their fish is never frozen.  Maybe it was just that particular tuna catch.  Anyways, it's always cool to hear back from businesses, and I'm looking forward to giving this place another shot in the near future.***dmo out.
4	Finally another great sushi place in Charlotte!I am always hesitant about sushi restaurants, they are either really good, or really, really bad. Eight has a funky laid back vibe and feels very welcoming. Some of the great artwork by local artists, ahem..Matt Hooker & Matt Moore, gives this place a vibrant feel. I was a bit disappointed they don't serve hot sake, but was quickly turned on to the cold sake served in shot glass inside a box which fills with the pour over from the glass. The server told me the overflow was a representation of of happiness and good luck. Quite charming I might say.  The food was on point, we ordered several rolls and one beef skewer. I was impressed with everything we had. They have a lot to choose from and it was hard to make a decision. The Godzilla Wrath roll was probably one of my favorites, it's super spicy (in a good way) so if you're not a fan of the heat, I'd steer clear. I highly recommend this place and will definitely be returning to try some more items.
5	We were in town for a weekend away and decided to stop here to have dinner since it was so close to The Comedy Zone. I'm so glad we did! Everything was amazing!! We had the sake sampler flight for $8, and although we didn't care for the raspberry flavor, the others were excellent. We also tried the chicken yakitori, Korean fried chicken, chicken fried rice, Godzilla sushi roll, and a few new seasonal cocktails. We loved every one of them. The flavors in the Korean fried chicken were just mouth watering good! The spicy tuna on top of the Godzilla roll was actually a larger portion than other sushi restaurants we've gone to. It was too much fish for my husband, but I really enjoyed it. Our server, Monica, was attentive, friendly, and made excellent recommendations. If we are ever in the area again, we will definitely be stopping by.
1	Wish I could review the food. They never brought my dish to me. They told me that the chef "missed it". I had reservations at the Comedy Zone, so I couldn't wait another hour for them to bring me anything. I guess I could ask the other people at my table how they enjoyed their food. Not impressed.
1	Eight probably has some of the best interior design I've seen in Charlotte. Unfortunately, their food quality and service fall to the other side of the spectrum. The Ramen noodles were served in a custom kitchen broth that tasted more like a bad gravy. The Korean beef skewers were mediocre, cold, and I couldn't help but think of the old lady on the old Wendy's commercial - ("Where's the beef!")The summer rolls were pretty good. The best thing I had was probably the papaya salad, but there simply wasn't enough of it. A friend of mine at the table gave me two of his dumplings because he knew I was still very hungry after all of my appetizer samples. The dumplings were ok. I didn't get my drink until after my food starting coming out and had to ask for a refill. Overall, the experience was so poor that I'm not sure I would be willing to go back, and spend my money on small portions of food. The lack of quality, plate size, and overpriced food were just too many disappointing factors to allow me to give this place another chance. To make matters worse, my friend seated across from me, waited an hour and a half to never receive his food. He literally left the restaurant without one bite of food. I think it's safe to say that the manager knew full well that several of us at the table had a bad restaurant experience. I'm really surprised he didn't make an effort to smooth things over for PR purposes by visiting our table and offering an apology. I wish this restaurant the best of luck but like so many things at the nc music factory over the years, this restaurant might go the way of the dodo...
4	Finally checked this place out! The decor is really cool. I was surprised that the place was empty when we went for dinner, but hey that means less waiting for us! We took advantage of their buy 1 get 1 roll free special, which is a really good deal. They also have happy hour specials, so make sure to check those out on their website.The complimentary edamame hummus and shrimp chips were delicious and something new. I've never had edamame hummus before! I'm no sushi expert, but I thought the food was good, no complaints.As far as service, I think there could be room for improvement. Our server seemed a bit bothered when we asked questions and didn't really seem like he wanted to be there. We were the only table he was taking care of, I'm sure he could have put in a little more effort. We were curious about the sake box shots, but he didn't really do a good job explaining what it was... just sake shots in a box? A table next to us got those shots and their waiter made it seem interesting and I read a review here that there's a story behind the box shots. If our waiter explained them, I'm pretty sure we would have ordered a round or 2.Will be back when I'm craving sushi again!
5	In my 3 years in Charlotte, I have been on a hunt for my sushi spot. This my friends is it. Not every roll is fried, it let's the fish shine, and they focus on quality. We had the toughest time deciding what rolls to get and was not disappointed at any point. From the speciality rolls to the classic rolls, everything was just fantastic.
5	We dined here on a Saturday evening around 9:45. So it was past that crazy dinner rush.  We had a reservation and they weren't quite ready for us- there were many dirty tables.. So I'll assume they just needed to catch up. Once we were seated they provide a complimentary wasabi hummus dip type item. It was tasty. We couldn't decide what we wanted for wine and they kindly let us sample a couple types. That was a plus for me - so we ordered a bottle. We skipped appetizers but ordered three sushi rolls to share. You MUST get the Miami maki roll!!! I could've eaten three. So delicious. The sushi was some of the best I've had in Charlotte and I've been to about 6 or so sushi places. The decor is funky and modern. I honestly didn't think I was going to like this place. I'm so happy that I was wrong. We had top notch service. Our waiter was super friendly without being fake. The food spoke for itself and the decor is cool. We had the groupon but the prices weren't unreasonable and I'll definitely have to get back there soon!
4	I ate at Eight!  Cool decor, great sushi, and a good location if your headed to the music factory.  All that, and its not extremely pricey.As others had mentioned, the service was a little spotty.  There were only a couple people in the place and most of the staff was kind of sitting around looking bored.  I think there was some confusion on who was supposed to seat us as well.  After that though, we were promptly seated.  We were a little slow to order as most of the specialty rolls were a little different than any place around here.  It was free so, no harm done, but our waiter wasn't timely on bringing the edamame hummus and shrimp chips that other tables received as soon as they were seated.  As per the food, I'll elaborate below.Most of the specialty rolls had a well thought out theme to them.  The Hamachi shiso maki had yellowtail, shaved serrano peppers for heat, a little cucumber for crunch, and a shiso pesto on top.  All that with a little avocado to bring it together.  Very light flavors, but well balanced.The poke roll was awesome, but it seemed more like a play on poke.  It did have some chunks of tuna on top and I'm not complaining about the fact.  It also had some macadamia nuts and avocado, which is relevant.  The cherry tomatoes were a great addition as well.  But, I didn't see any green onion, nor did I even taste a hint of seasame oil or soy sauce.  Then the big ole' tempura shrimp threw me way off.  The flavor of poke that I am used to just wasn't there.  All that said, it really was one of the best things I had and honestly, it would be easy to overpower the dish with sesame oil, so no harm done.We ordered other things as well, the green papaya and mango salad.  I like mine a little more made for gringo's.  I thought the fish sauce was overpowering and I really didn't get much mango flavor either.  We tried the QC roll too.  Good, but in no way the highlight of the evening.  All in all though it was a pretty good meal.On a downside I will mention that our waiter wasn't the most pleasant and personable person I've ever met.  I wouldn't be happy working with a place that is pretty much empty this close to the holidays either though.  The demeanor was nothing close to what some people have said in some of the bad reviews though.  I did go without water for a little while, but he was pretty attentive in general.Bottom line is, I liked the food and I'll be back.  However, I just don't know that Charlotte's downtown or all the foodies on the south side will really travel to this area for dinner unless they have other plans at the music factory as well.
