4	I swear this has to be their smallest location.  Not that the size of the place ever stopped us from eating there.  But it was close to the bar where we used to Karaoke and it made it a one stop parking for the whole night to grab dinner here, then go sing and drink next door.  Still not a bad proposition.  But really - go for the food.  And yea, they deliver too.  If all you want is thinner pizza it might not make much of a difference to you.  But if you're looking for a pasta dinner or their thick deep dish - then you really want to eat it here.  It almost has a mom & pop feeling to the location. Service won't be super, but it gets the job done.  They know the smell of the place alone will win you over.  You're only going to get much personality out of their delivery folks.  Darn good basic Italian and Pizza fare, with a few specialties thrown in, at a pretty good price.  Feels quite a bit like an old school neighborhood pizza parlor, which certainly adds to it's charm.
2	If you want pizza, go anywhere else, anywhere! This was some of the greasiest salty unsatisfying pizza I've ever had. There are much better pizza joints around.  I've only had there pizza but that was enough for me to never go back. The patio outside is pretty cool thats why it got 2 stars instead of one.
5	Its a small joint but oohhh is it ever sentimental.  The pizza is delicious and the subs are equally divine!   I had not been back to this location since High School days at Shadow Mtn.   I have never had a bad pie at Streets of NY!
5	This SNY seems smaller than most to me, and maybe that's what seems to make it better. The service here is always top notch. I honestly don't know how they do it, because it consistently only looks like 2 people are working! The guys at the front serve, answer the phone, do takeout and cashiering! They are super high energy and always seem to be in a positive mood. The cook(s) do seem to take pride in the food they put out. It can be a little slow at times, but I find it well worth it! It's not some lukewarm, been sitting around slice of pizza.The food here is really good. They have huge side salads, awesome pizza (giant slices), and free breadsticks when you dine in. It can be a bit costly if you don't order from the list of specials. Keep an eye out for those and they often have coupons as well. If you call for delivery, be forewarned it's usually at least an hour until arrival, but again, worth the wait!
2	Poorly cooked pizza i will say that the people are somewhat nice when ordering but would not give this place another chance
4	Pros: WE DO LOVE their delivery service (Always on time) and online ordering service.  We love their standard pizza with extra ingredients.  The salads are great especially the Cobb Salad.The calzones are very good also.Cons: We do not go to the dinning room because of the small size.  Their subs on takeout do not rate very highly.
4	Great service and pizza. This is a tiny restaurant, so small the bathrooms are outside. Our waiter was very friendly and gave us free garlic bread - which is always a bonus. Our pizza and wings came out fast and were very tasty. They definitely do more take out business than sit down.  I would highly recommend Streets of NY for take out. Also, this would be fun place to try when the weather is nicer because the patio looks cute.
4	It got 4 stars but you have to know exactly what to get--and that is the #7 "Best of Everything" sandwich. Literally this is the only thing you should get here--everything else is pretty average, surprisingly.
4	Good pizza if you are a thin crust person like I am.  We did carry out. The staff was polite and the pizza was done when it was supposed to be. I'd go here often if I lived here. - just visiting!
5	I've ordered pizza and wings three times and the have consistently created perfection, seriously.
2	This is the second time I've ordered from them. First time the pizza was awesome!!  This time it was very soggy!  Wigs on the other hand where delicious. I also go a slice of cheesecake to go. I paid $.85 for cherries. When I went to dive into my cheesecake the "cherries" that they gave me turned out to me ketchup. Gross. I called to tell them and their response was, oh let us give you $.85 to reimburse you for the cherries. What?!!  Ha ha. Probably won't go back.
5	The guys here will take care of you! They are all so nice, the service is great, I've been to a couple locations and this is the cutest one! :) My favorite thing to order is the gluten free pesto veggie and cheese, this pizza is killer! That and the italian dressing, can someone say amazing!?
5	Dang good sub, the best of everything is awesome. I also like pasta salad that came with it. The servers are friendly and help with good knowledge of the menu. Nice cozy atmosphere. The meat balls are my usual on a sub or spaghetti.  Good tasty meat balls.
1	If this gave me the option to do negative stars I would! I placed an order at 8:00 pm and was told it would be delivered by 9:00 pm. It's now 9:58... I have No pizza and the assistant manger had no glue how to cancel my transaction without the manger which was not answering his phone.  They had no actually way of resolving the problem Nd I'm left with a credit card charge and no food! Do not order from this place the service sucks and the staff was clueless!
1	Disappointed.  I wanted bread w my pasta. Was told no. Even when menu says you get w dinner. I would have even paid. Server was just plain bad. Made me feel bad for wanting to look at menu. I almost got up to leave before I got food.  That bad.
1	I wish I had read the reviews before I ordered. I ordered the chicken Primavera. Absolutely awful! No flavor, the chicken tasted old and was breaded horribly. No crispness. Overall just an awful dish. The noodles were undercooked, Mariana was very bland. I can't get over how horrible this dish is. It's so bad I'm writing this review while eating it and the only reason I'm eating it is because I have a football game tonight and I need the carbs. I WILL NEVER EAT HERE AGAIN
1	I wish their was a no star. My wife and I typically carry out from Oregano's down the street(5 stars), but we gave this delivery a shot. Complete disappointment and rip off!! We should have stuck to our typical routine. We ordered a medium pizza and wings and the price was ridiculous for the quality and the portions. We paid the same amount for the delivery that we would at Oreganos and that includes beers. The cheese was rubbery and to be honest it taste the same as any other pizza place throughout the valley. Do yourself a favor and consider something else. I'm assuming that it's called Streets of NY because it's prices are up to par with NYC's cost of living. Complete let down. They must still owe Gonzo for the awful radio commercial I heard the other day. I apologize for the rant, but if it's one thing I can't stand it's flushing money down the toilet. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.
4	We only go for pizza about twice a year and this is the only place we go.  We have always had great food and great service.  Most people seem to take drive thru pickup or delivery so the inside is usually quiet and clean with great service.  (We have never done delivery service from this location)
2	Had a pretty good pizza from here
1	Totally messed up my order did not care it was crazy how much they did not care was kind of like hey you drove here so might as well take what we got
4	First, I NEVER give a restaurant five stars. But the food here is pretty darned good.  I recommend the thin crust pizza.  It beats the heck out of the "big name" delivery pizza places.  I ALMOST gave them five stars because they have anchovies!  Almost no pizza stores offer them anymore.The pasta and subs are also quite good.You won't go wrong here
5	I ordered a gluten-free pizza and a slice of chocolate cake over the phone. The hostess said it would be about 30 mins before I got my order delivered to my front door. 18 mins later, the driver arrived with my hot pizza and cake. I was very happy with my order and looooooved the chocolate cake. It was probably the BEST chocolate cake I've ever had: moist, rich, and real-chocolate tasting. In fact, I should have split the slice with a friend because it was too good. In my experience, the food was good; dessert superb; the driver fast and polite; and the hostess polite and accurate. I can't complain.
3	I noticed the prices on the menu on this application is not posted accurately.  Large X-cheese pizza was $20, unless extra cheese cost $5?  It would be nice to have accurate prices before you call.
