5	I am very picky about dry cleaners and am always trying new ones. Careful cleaners I keep going back to even thought it is about 20 minutes from my house. The owner actually works there at times and is very nice. The other staff are all very helpful and my clothes come back looking great. They are quick and reasonably priced. $2.75 for most clothes. The girl working there even showed me the difference between laundered and dry clean and showed me examples. Very nice staff, good service, clothes come back great!
2	Decided to give these guys another try, hoping that the customer service at this location was better than the Signal Butte store. I really don't have a problem with the job they do, just the customer service at the Signal Butte location is HORRIBLE! Went to pick up my clothes from this location and low and behold, two of the employees from Signal Butte were there! Oh well, the search for a new drycleaner is on!
5	I highly recommend this cleaners. I brought in a very soiled prom dress and it turned out INREDIBLE. !! Looks brand-new, The people who run this cleaners are the nicest and gave such great service. They acted like they truley cared., what a pleasant surprise these days.  And the prices are so resonable..
5	I have been coming here for about 5 years now. It changed hands a while ago and the new owners are fantastic. I have no complaints. The price for most dry cleaning is $3.25 while the price keeps creeping up, it is still under most places for price. And the quality is always great. I am always happy with how my clothes turn out.
5	My fiance went to dry-clean some shirts and I went in for alterations and cleaning of a silk dress. It must have been the owner I was talking to. He was beyond nice and helpful! He discovered my dress could not be dry-cleaned and instead took ten minutes telling me how I could get the stains out at home with household products. He also referred me to another lady for alterations because they were a little bit complicated. True customer service.
5	Many thanks to Mike and his gang! I had a rush alteration that his seamstress Kim did perfectly for me. A four hour turnaround that include alterations,  pressing and removing a spot I didnt know about...all of my dry cleaning will go to them from here on out!
