3	This is the most organized and cleanest Dollar Store that I've been to! In the gift aisles, all of the gifts were neatly placed on the shelves. All of the similar items were even grouped together (Example: all of the rubber duckies were together). Now that is a lot or organization! It was fun to go through the greeting cards and all of the aisles. This store has a lot more products in stock!Store Hours:Sunday: 10am - 7pmMonday - Saturday: 8am - 9pm
5	This Dollar Tree (DT) location in Fountain Hills is the best one out of the lot.   I don't normally go to Dollar Trees because the selection is so bad, but when I'm taking the 87 to Shea into Scottsdale, I make sure I stop by this location in Fountain Hills for the small necessities, like greeting cards, wrapping paper, and even makeup.  I really like their plastic boxes for organizational purposes.  I've bought food (like jam and cookies) also from this location, and have had no problems.This DT location is very clean, and well kempt, which is unlike any other DT location.  The staff, particularly an elderly lady, is really nice and helpful.  I highly recommend this location over the others for values.
3	Ever since the beginning of the Great Recession of 2008, stores like Dollar Tree and Dollar General have seen their monthly sales go through the roof!And, you can see why by just walking through the store.  One jar of pasta sauce (Ragu), $1.00.  One book by Garry Wills, $1.00.  A three ounce bag of Hormel pepperoni, yep $1.00.  Even the Sunday Arizona Republic, one dollar!I realize that Fountain Hills may not be convenient for most, and as another Yelper has noted there are other Dollar Trees in the area, but this is a really nice store with friendly employees.  So, if you find yourself at the nearby Mayo Clinic (3.5 miles away), take a drive over to FH and this store.Enjoy!
5	Yep! One of the best dollar trees in the Phoenix Metro area! I have been to the Dollar Tree in Chandler, on Via Linda in Scottsdale, the one by PV mall, and another one in Hancock Plaza in PV/Phoenix. This Dollar Tree is by far the cleanest, most organized, and well kept store. The staff is very helpful and friendly and I have never ever had a problem with this location. They also seem to have the items I need in stock. Their food items are the freshest too.
5	Am I tight w/my money? Yes. Yes, I am at times. Where do I go to stretch my money the most? Dollar Tree.Why? Because everything is $1.00. But, you do have to be smart too. I've seen name brand hand soap in there for $1, but have seen this same brand at WalMart for 87 cents. So, I do believe that there is some trickery going on here.I can buy 24-count Tylenol PM (well, generic Canadian stuff) here as well as Christmas wrapping paper, bows, nametags, etc. All for one dollar, folks. I would have probably paid double if not triple at Target or Walmart for this sort of stuff.Some of their shelf-stable food scares me a little. I see lots of dented/bent stuff made in China that has labels in . Just be careful as you may end up w/a case of botulism.
