3	Had the steak tacos here.  They were very, very good.  Then went to another Filibertos on Skyline in Queen Creek and they were just awful.  Afraid to go to the others around here.
2	Service- The girls there are always nice and friendly, the food comes out pretty fast, but sometimes the breakfast burritos aren't always what you order so make sure you check your bag before you leave or else. It usually stays clean inside and out.Food-I've tried everything, but nothing really makes me want to come back, I only go back for my grandparents who seem to just accept this place as a mexican joint near the house. Id' say if the hot sauce went to the tomatoe type hot sauce and they had chips, it would help as well as a smaller choice of tacos with "homemade tortillas" it would separate themselves as an acceptable mexican restaurant.As you can see I don't have much to say about a certain type of plate because they are easily forgettable. STEP UP your game a little my friends. Although, I'll still come back with my grandparents. This is my review.
1	Let me start out by saying that their food is great.There; now that I've said that I can begin to dissect why that place requires an overhaul or be burned to the ground...Food:As I've said their food is rather good especially after a long day at work when you just want to cram calories down your neck to make up for not having a lunch.  I normally get the green chili burrito which of course is huge and quite filling.Price:Their prices on the other hand are a bit more than I would like to pay for a burrito...  The green burrito I got was about five dollars which I'd expect that to come with some sort of side like beans; rice, something.  NOTHING...  Apparently none of their meals come with drinks.  Their meals are like seven bucks... Service:If I can even call it that...  They lady at the speaker was so hard to understand that I thought I was going to have to go inside.  It was clear that she didn't know anything about her menu and couldn't answer any questions I had without over a minute of dead space over the speaker.  When I finally got to the window the lady was very short with me and didn't even say hi.  It was just 14.52...  That's it.  when I asked her for some sour cream she rolled her eyes and say, "hold on..."  She was totally rude to us.
2	My mistake!!! I thought it was a good idea to swing by this Filiberto's and grab some Super Nachos.... something quick and easy! The whole visit wasn't quick or easy and the food was meh..... after having to wait 20 minutes in the drive through I was HANGRY!!! Who has to wait 20 minutes in a drive through for food, the point of a drive through is to get your food quick and easy! This Filiberto's definitely doesn't believe in quick.After becoming quite hangry I finally got my food and drove all the way home. When I got home, my food was cold! Are you kidding me!? We live in AZ no way on my drive home did my food get cold, it was already cold when they gave it to me. The meat was very dry and tasteless! Needless to say I ended up wasting 20 minutes of my time getting my food and ended up throwing it away and cooking something at home! Lets get it together Filibertos!!
4	out of all of the Filiberto's this is my favorite. they are always busy, which usually means two IMPORTANT things...1) the food is good 2) the food is fresh. another important thing to notice is that you even see hispanic folks eating here, that means it is fairly authentic. you can't beat homemade Mexican food but this is pretty darn close! i like that they play spanish music playing almost all the times i go in there too
1	If there was a lower rate I would diff do that this place sucks so bad they don't speak English manager doesn't care she is so out of it doesn't even kno what's going on the employees don't kno how to follow a order that a customer puts in and on top of all that I got the worst burrito made wrong twice talk about losing money on their end!!! And I will diff not come here again and that's for sure!!! Horrible place!!
4	I love this place. Sure you have to wait in line on the hot days with the a/c in your car broke,  but that's the fun of it all. Great place to grab a bite to eat and get the heck out of there. Plus, their salsa is the bomb...  Only reason I gave 4 and not 5 stars.... I hate their chips.
4	This is a fast food chain, so I'm not expecting a dining experience. In fact, when it comes to these types of restaurants, I'm really only rating the food and the price. The food here is great and you can't beat the price. Yes, it seems a bit dirty, and yes the customer service is a bit lax, but I was sort of expecting that.
1	@ filibertos now and nearly all the tables are filthy no sauce cups in the dispenser sauce bar is a mess I will definitely cross this place off my lunch list
5	I personally love filib's. Everytime I get a fast food craving, it comes to mind. Love the Carne Asada Burrito.
2	I think my jaw is broken from trying to eat their rolled tacos. I really think they were made a week ago and just re-heated. I waited almost 5 minutes for someone to take my order and they seemed upset that I would come and eat here..? Then my food came out in 30 seconds (a little too fast). Not the best fili's around.
2	My family cones here almost every Tuesday. We like Filibertos food, but the wait in line most days is ridiculous! 20 minute waits should not be a thing. Sometimes I'll wait even longer than that even if there is only a few cars ahead of me. Not to mention on my most recent visit I got very very ill after eating the food. And I don't think I'll be stopping by for a while..
5	Always consistent.  Love their food.  This must be a newer building because the inside  is nice and inviting.  I'm a little confused on the other reviews because this is the best Filabertos I've ever been to.
