5	A great restaurant for old school food, decor and service. Very boozy and cool!
3	Five stars? I am not sure about that. I had the steak sandwich and the meat was alright and small in size, too much bread. I guess for $8 it is acceptable. I had the black mussels in garlic butter and it was very tasty. I do have to admit that the decor and ambiance was very comfortable and nostalgic. The steaks are choice cut and not prime so do not expect a lot of quality or flavor from the meat. This place has video poker so you can be sure that it is open 24 hours. The menu has a a huge selection, it may be worth it to come back and try the other items.
5	I am so sorry Coachman's that you were not my first Yelp review. Please don't be fooled by the exterior of this place. The food is DELICIOUS and fresh. Clam chowder in bread bowls on Wednesday and Sunday. Celebratory dinner with mini champagne bottles and oysters. A Christmas tree that is up all year round but decorated to the nearest holiday. Waking up the bartender at 3am for fries and a vodka soda (yes, he really was asleep). Ringing the bell to get in the door and looking at the camera. Pie face. There are so many things I love about this place I have been here well over 7 times and it is a place that always comes to mind when I had company in town. No jokes, no witty comments... this place is the shit. Hands down. Coachmen's, you are and will always be, very near and dear to my heart. PS- I'd give you 6 stars if I could.
5	Well, we saw the promo they are offering to have brunch on the patio with your favorite canine friend. Finally tried it out. & we will now be regulars for brunch on the weekend. First of all, we like any place that our dog is welcome. Second of all, they had it all going on for the dogs.The cool thing is the dog's meals are free and the people breakfast prices are very reasonable. $12.95 for the lobster eggs bene and $8.00?? for the steak and eggs. They bring out a small appetizer for the pooch when you arrive and a fresh bowl of water for them too. Then they get to order either chicken or filet mignon and they are served their brunch along with you. Our ten pound Miss Lily loved the apps and the "filet"....though it was such a generous serving, she needed a "people" bag to go. They do charge $2.00 for frosty paws dessert . Lily was stuffed and generously shared her dessert with a very willing english bulldog. Didn't we teach her great manners? :) It really is all about he dogs and the staff makes sure every critter is greeted and checked on. Fun, fun, fun.As for us, Two of us had lobster eggs benedict YUM! and the other two two legged friends had steak and eggs. The benedict had a nice sized piece of lobster on each half along with the obligatory can. bacon, poached egg and hollandaise. Steak and eggs were very good too. BTW This looks a little suspect when you drive up, and it is in a NON trendy neighborhood. I was a little hesitant, but I decided to try it and abandon all snobbery and have a good time. I am so happy that I did and I am sure Lily is too. The owner and the chef made the rounds and made us all feel very welcome. They are going to start a wine tasting soon. Sign me up. BTW make reservations cuz the patio is small. Hope to see you and your best friend there.Who let the dogs out WOOF WOOF WOOF!
5	Just go ahead and save yourself the time and money and head down to the Coachman. Lobster bisque in the breadbowl to start, then steak!  Devine... And the price is right!!
4	This place is an awesome dive.  No more words to describe.  Get the mamosa!!
4	I've only been here 3 times but each visit was great. On Sunday's during the cooler months they offer, "Puppies on the Patio." What a great event, bring your dog for a free breakfast and have some good food for you. I had the french toast and my female companion had the eggs/bacon/hash browns. Both were really good. Lucy (the dog) had a chicken breast over rice and carrots. That disappeared in about 20 seconds. We came at 9:30 and it was quiet. Two other parties showed up soon after but that was it. If your pooch is on the wild side I would recommend coming early, I've heard that it can get busy. My other visits were at 6 am. Not much going on at that hour. One of the bar tenders was pretty friendly the other was pretty obnoxious. Whatever, the food was pretty good.
5	Little local gem. Usually when my wife and I go, we're the whipper snappers there being that the median age is about 60, but that's part of the charm. Try the half lobster and noodle for 15 bucks. Total bargain. Sit at the bar. The bartenders there are always entertaining.
1	yelpers led me wrong on this one!I liked the locale, the atmosphere, it is a great place to walk into.The drinks are cheap and for those two it would have gotten four stars.But, they get one star because of the food.I ordered the clam and mussel which was good.  $17 for the amountis strip pricing.I got the strip and my friend got the filet mignon each for $301.first limpy uninspired salad with store bought dressing. (not cool) 2.soup was minestrone that was salty and salty3.The strip was one of the smallest strips I've seen for that price.And it came out with COSTCO VEGETABLES!I swear it! I buy those veg every week for yearsit had the water chestnut, the julienned red bell pepper, andthe unique seasoning that is recognizable. The baked potato came out with the tin foil on it with containers ofdisposable butter pats.price perception folks. for $40 this is not what I would pay for.it was a $15 meal and I was pissed I had to pay $100 for it.Maybe the brunch and lunch is great but, the dinner was not.I'm not trying to be mean  but, I would like to save someonethe experience I went through because it was not a great one.$100 is hard to come by and I could have been at morton'shaving a cajun ribeye for the same price.
3	If you can get over the seedy looking appearance and the thick (and I mean thick) smell of smoke... this place isn't half bad.  The menu is typical "American" food -- nothing too special -- but everything I've tried has tasted pretty fresh and good.  I can't really complain because the prices are VERY reasonable and since it's never busy during weekdays, I've always had good service too.  Overall, this place is... as they say... A-OK.
2	I can't for the life of me understand the good reviews for this place.  We went back a second time to give it another chance, it was lackluster the second time, too.Super smokey, guess they don't know about the "new" laws in town.  Had to hold my breath walking in and out and they seated us near the kitchen as it wasn't as smoke-choked over there.  Ugh.Overpriced so-so food, dingy and run down inside.  Salad was totally overdressed, etc.  Drinks were a nice price.  The wait staff was nice, but a bit too much.It's a dive for sure, but not in a good or fun way.  We won't be going there again.  Too bad as it is in the 'hood.
5	Flipping love this place!  My husband and I love to take our dogs with us wherever we can.  We love that they have good food and cater to our pups.  Human meal:  I've had the Eggs Benedict with Lobster both times we've gone there.  Huge chunks of lobster!  Love it!  My husband had the steak and eggs the first time we went.  French toast the second time we went.  He said he enjoyed both meals.Dog meal:  The best part...the dogs get a burger appetizer!  It's so cute!  For the main meal, choice of either chicken and rice or filet mignon and rice.  Our dogs think they've literally died and gone to heaven!   Great place...I'm sure we'll be back at least one more time before it gets too hot.Side note...if you're looking to come here for dinner...steaks are awesome and you have to try the lobster bisque!
4	My husband and I brought one of our doggies to Coachman's Inn on Sunday to meet Megan M. and her husband for Puppies on the Patio. It was windy so we were actually seated inside which was I was thankful for. Right away a bowl of water was brought out for my dog, and just shortly after that she received her appetizer, a hamburger patty. We were then given the choice of chicken or filet mignon over rice for her main meal. And the best part? All of this was completely free of cost.The menu was limited to 6 selections for us humans, as well as mimosas and bloody marys. I had the eggs benedict, my husband had eggs and bacon.  Both were $6.50. The food was good, as was the service. But really what makes Coachman's for me was the Puppies on the Patio event. I haven't been able to take my dog out for breakfast often.. or ever actually. If you have a canine friend at home, repay some of that unconditional love with breakfast one of these weekends at Coachman's Inn.
4	I have been only once and only for one thing: Puppies on the Patio. And big thanks to Megan M. for introducing me to this neato event.Well, let's face it, you don't go here for the food or ambiance. You come here because you can have breakfast with your dog - and he/she gets a breakfast too! However, that being said, the dive-y atmosphere works and the food ain't bad.The doggies get a bowl of water, an appetizer, and an entree choice of chicken or filet - and that's all free. The human food is well-priced. Most items were in the $6-$8 range - and you get a hefty portion. I had the steak and eggs, which came with hash browns. It's no Emeril's breakfast, but it was tasty and hit the "oh dear god, why did I drink so much last night" spot.
4	Sometimes it is fun to take the furry friend out and about, but there aren't too many pet friendly places around town. So when we stumbled upon Puppies on the Patio, we decided to check out the Coachman's Inn for Sunday Brunch. The humans tried the Steak & Eggs and the Famous Steak Sandwich while the pup thoroughly enjoyed her hamburger appetizer and filet with rice. The humans enjoyed the food, but it was standard bar food. I think I will try the Eggs Benedict on my next visit.  I was told the Bloody Mary was spicy and tasty.  We're definitely planning on going back because it was a fun way to get out of the house with our canine companion.
4	Wow, I'm from Sacramento. Went to Coachman tonight. Excellent everythingright from the start. Paige served us and we felt like family. Its a local dive, with great 70's food! My wife and I had the BOGO New York med rare tasty as you can get. I had oysters on tbe half, also fresh and served on a chilled platter. Salads, both on chilled plate, baked potatoe, and mixed fresh veggies. Oh, I had an Absolute Rocks and the Ms. had aglass of house Merot. All the above $48.No frills, just fun goood food!
5	Oh My Gawd ! Sooo delicious ! This is a Las Vegas Landmark.  Old school Vegas entertainers dine there (I always hope to spy one!!) & its so cozy!$65.95 for a couple !!!!!!Hell yes ! We had the 1.5 pound lobster each, salad, garlic bread, baked potato, ear of corn & a BOTTLE of wine.  Bargain !Now for those of you classy folk that have written 1 star reviews of this place.If you are offended by bargains, smoking, or Vegas 1970's style.  Get in your Prius, drive your WASP ass down to Green Valley or Town Square.  Probably there, someone   will give 2 shits about your cardiovascular health & whether your veggies came from Costco or not.  Sorry there wasn't a yard boy picking your veggies fresh for you. The Staff was superb.  Rose was a fantastic waitress.  She even cracked my Lobster claws for me...since I'm not real smart like that.  She "field stripped" them faster than anything Id ever seen.  I'm going to try Pups on the Patio next.
3	The health department no longer allows "pups on the patio". Boo.
5	OH MY GOD I LOVE THIS PLACE. The bartenders are the best! Michelle and Pam are AMAZING. I go there mostly on weekend mornings for eggs and mimosas. It's been there forever. It's just a classic bar/restaurant. EGGS. OMG THE EGGS. For like, 6 bucks you get eggs, toast, hash browns and bacon. After a night of raging, YES PLEASE AND THANK YOU. The best part? The Christmas tree that has been their for decades. They decorate it based on whatever holiday is coming up. A staple of the bar I'm told. Great atmosphere. Awesome customers. A great hole in the wall of Vegas. Will always go back for more.
4	I LOVED this place, Unfortunately, the Coachman's Inn on Eastern closed the other week. :(
