4	Alphabet Soup is my go-to place for baby gifts, birthday gifts, work gifts - you name it, they've got it. This adorable little store located in the Morrison Shopping Center is tucked in the corner by the entrance from Colony Rd so it can be easy to miss. If you need absolutely anything monogrammed, stop by and get it done. The prices are better than you will find at the mall monogram kiosk but the trade-off is that you cannot get it done instantly. The sales clerk will tell you a week to get it done, but I am usually contacted within a day or so with a message that my items are ready. While the store sells an array of items ready to be monogrammed on-site, they absolutely welcome your own items to be monogrammed as well. They also carry the trendy Scout bags, Tervis tumblers, and much more. A big plus for me is that they have a little play space for the kiddos - this certainly buys me a few extra minutes to browse around before the little people destroy the place. Smart move!
4	Really friendly and helpful staff, with a great selection of items in store to have monogrammed or personalized, or you can bring your own.I brought in a shirt to have monogrammed as a gift, the small (2x4" ish) embroidery cost me $8. Not too bad. They asked just the right questions, matched thread colors perfectly, and it was ready in about a week. (I think it's usually less, they seemed like they were backed up for Christmas) The store is stocked with plenty of Lilly, Adler, Tervis, and anything from jewelry, glassware, stationary, linens... you name it, they can probably get your name, monogram, or sorority on it. It is a very packed little store!I will be back, especially when in need of a gift for siblings or even a great hostess gift.
4	I have a friend who is obsessed with monogramming, so I went into this store strictly to do some research for her. Then it happened, there were so many goods to chose from. I HAD to have something monogrammed. But wait, monogramming isn't my thang! What should I do, I really want to have something monogrammed because the store is so cute and the girls working are so nice. Then it hit me, my brother just had a baby. Off to the baby section I went and boy o boy, let me tell you, they had just about anything you could want to get monogrammed: bibs, towels, blankets, even headbands. Then came the hard part- what do I get her? A bib? Don't think so. A blanket? B-O-R-I-N-G! Then I saw it. Just sitting there, like we were meant to be together. A toy/soother thing (I should know what this is considering I also recently had a baby, but I don't) that has a cat wearing a necklace. Much like monogramming, cats aren't really my thang either- but there I was in a monogramming shop, holding a cat toy, picking out a girly font and telling them to print my niece's name on there. They said the turn around time was 5-7 days as I quietly turned and walked out the door, the buzz of the place wearing off b/c I didn't get the instant gratification of taking the toy with me. In fact, I almost forgot about the whole thing until 4 days later when they called to tell me my order was ready. When I went to pick it up I was prepared and had a plan, straight in and to the register, no looking at anything else. This only worked because the hubs was waiting in the car with the baby, but don't think I didn't see you comfy PJ bottoms. You were calling my name and will be wearing it (literally) next time I am in that area.
2	Went in the store today and there were 2 ladies in there working.  There was one other customer checking out.  She soon left. I was the only one in the store. NO ONE SPOKE TO ME and since I was the only one in there it wasn't that they didn't have time or didn't notice me!  When I left a clerk was putting up stock right by the front door. I had to walk right past her to get out and she didn't even bother to say "bye, thank you, etc....."   They have some very cute things and I was ready to purchase some items but would never consider it now because of the lack of customer service. I try to support local businesses and smaller boutiques but not this one.   There are other monogram places in the area that are just as good and I will buy from them!  Not a way to get and keep business or get referrals!
5	Amazing customer service. I came in last minute (as in 3 days before Christmas) from out of town to order my sis a monogrammed clutch.  I really didn't anticipate to have it ready by Christmas. 20 mins after I left the store, they called to tell me it was ready. The lady said that she did it because she knew I was out of town, leaving to go back that day, and she wanted to have it ready for my sis to open on Christmas morning. To me- that is exceptional service!
