5	I've been getting my hair cut, highlighted and permed here for years. He does great work for a reasonable price. The establishment is normally pretty busy so I'd call ahead to set an appointment or to check if it is a good time to walk-in. The location is kind of in a weird location. It is off of Central Avenue. The structure is actually a house that was made into a shop so just be on the look out if it's your first time.
5	I've been searching for someone to do a good pixie cut on me for a while now in Charlotte that didn't charge $50.  Well, here's the place!! Reasonably priced ($20 for woman's short haircut) and my cut is adorable!  Bonus - he took me as a walk-in.  I'm definitely a new regular to this place.
4	A great salon catering to Asian clientele. It is a mom and pop shop and at times will attract mom, pop, kids and more kids, but for a modern Asian cut for $20, I can live with it.
4	I've been scouring the web for a more affordable place to keep my short hair short, and I think I've found it (20 bucks!).  After reading Danielle's review, I was intrigued.  I called to book an appointment and came in same day for a cut.  The salon is really just a house right off Central where all the gab you hear is in Vietnamese (I think, forgive my ignorance!).  I've never been in and out of a salon faster than I was today--about 35 minutes.  Granted, you're not gonna get the lengthy shampoo and massage, but this guy knows what he is doing.  I showed him a picture of what I wanted, and after spritzing my hair wet and furious clipping, boom, there it was.If you want a trendy salon with the perks and prices, go elsewhere.  But for a gal on a time and money budget, this is my place.
2	This review is in no way meant to be racial. Its just something that annoys me and I'm sure many others.My wife is philipino and comes here for her hair cut because no one else can so she says. When you get here you do not hear one word of English and they cannot speak English. I find that to be rude because they could be saying bad things and its just rude in general.The place itself is fair priced and they do their job. But , if you are not Vietnamese and can't speak the language and get annoyed about hearing it over and over. Do not come here. When I come with my wife I bring Bose qc15 noise canceling headphones, because I might get violent. That's how annoying it is.
5	For the jerk that give a bad review based on the language that their culture speak. Why do you need to speak English ? Because we are in America? Who cares that they don't speak English. They do beautiful work. Best hair cut in charlotte. So if you want a nice color, hair cuts and anything to do with beauty come here.
