4	The nicest staff of any of the downtown lunch places I have visited during my business travels to Charlotte.The Mexicali sandwich is tasty and warm, with plenty of sauce. Don't miss the yummy cornbread muffins by the cash register!
3	The food is barely fresh, but reasonably tasty. Good for a quick lunch.
2	With a name like Just Fresh you expect things to be fresh.  I was a bit disappointed with the Dill Chicken Salad Sandwich.  I think the food to grab at these spots is salad, so partially my fault.First thing that made it weird was the line cook was waiting for the next person to order something with MUSTARD ALREADY ON THE BREAD!  Like, anticipation is nice and all but cmon mang.  Aside from the fact that someone might not want mustard, the mustard will soak into the bread (yeah, a little nit-picky but it doesn't look appetizing)Secondly, after paying, some rude customer from the side jumped in to get a water cup and they charged him for it.  Time's are tough where people have to drink water instead of refreshing Diet Coke, but for the business to charge for it? Pls.....I asked for a bag to put my food in right before this all happened and I thought "oh shizzle, how about if she charges me for the BAG?" She didn't, but I thought I was the customer right in front of you asking for a bag to take my food in.  She helped the water cup dude first then looked at me like what was I doing standing there still.  I gently reminded her I needed a bag and was on my way back to the office.Not coming this way again.  They scored my business bc Ri Ra Sandwich bar line was out the door. dmo out...side in the line waiting at Ri Ra)
4	HUGE update - came here at 2pm for a late lunch on Thursday. Not a customer in sight but you know what it was friggin good. I got the Caesar Salad and that baby was mad fresh. I gots only good things to say about it. Also, the staff was friendly too. Nice.dmo out
5	$3 for a Bad. Ass. breakfast platter and coffee.   The best way to start your day.
4	I tried Just Fresh for the first time today. I ordered a sausage, egg and cheese wrap. The lady took great care preparing it. It was still nice and hot when I went to eat it. It tasted great and filled me right up. Just Fresh is a great place to get a bite to eat. Watc h out though the drinks are expensive.
4	Having recently relocating to the downtown area, this Just Fresh location is new to me. The staff is so friendly, one of the best I have seen in downtown. They accommodated my request for an extra side of sauce, for my sandwich, and allowed me to taste two soups, because I was undecided. Needless to say, I enjoyed a mini Ham & Swiss, heated to perfection which melted the cheese, and a cup of broccoli cheese soup. I had the soup at another Just Fresh location, but this location was better! Overall, I will definitely be back.Reason I didn't give them a 5, the bread was a little hard(stale)??. Luckily I dipped it in the soup.
5	I like to wander aimlessly for my lunch break and pretend I'm just exploring the city and not just on an hour hiatus from work. One day my wandering let me into the doors of the Ivey Building and the smells of "Just Fresh" pulled me in. There are so many things I want to try, but OMG, I seriously can't get past the Chicken Caprese sandwich. It tastes like amazingness wrapped into a sandwichy goodness. Seriously. NOM. I get that and the pasta salad, and I tell myself all the time, "Ok, today is the day I'm going to get in there and try something new..today is the daa....oh my god I can't resisttttt Chicken Caprese. The words come out of my mouth before my brain has time to react and it's a huge nom fest from there. The staff is always awsome and they have specials at times during the week too. I got free pasta salad with my sandwich yesterday so I was pretty excited. It may not be the healthiest option as the names suggests, but when I eat I'm all about flavor. Just Fresh has it and I'm a huge fan. I mean I'm not gonna go outside it's doors and scream like a deranged roadie or anything, but I'm close. Oh Just Fresh, you make my lunch time adventure awesome :)
4	Food is very good. Great portion s for the price. Very fast service as well. This is my go to place for lunch during the week.
3	Newest downtown discovery and it doesn't disappoint. I've tried two different chicken wraps so far and both were delicious. I feel healthy after eating here and that's a great feeling. This is a "order at the counter" type of place. Need to try the smoothies soon.
