5	I was brought here by some friends who a MLS match, I didn't know what to expect since I am a big Chinese guy and they decided to sit right next to the Ultras, haha, what could go wrong right?The stadium itself is of newer construction and reminds me of a large minor-league baseball stadium.  By they have all your needs, parking, right next to a metro line for public transport, food and beer stands.  They have a beer guy that keeps selling beer until the final whistle, which is cool and dangerous.  The fans were really cool, lots of energy, the seats were right on the edge of the stadium and it was easy in and easy out even when the stadium was sold-out.  You are so close to the stadium but there is only one jumbotron and no other screens like in other stadiums.  But great vibe overall though.
4	A few tips for your trip to watch the Montreal Impact play soccer at Stade Saputo:- Take the metro (Viau is closest) instead of driving. Really convenient & cheap & faster than trying to get out of the parking lot.- Call the stadium directly for tickets instead of calling Admission/Ticketmaster. Cheaper prices and no service charge, plus special pricing for kids. Also, for $10 they'll send you the tickets by courier if for some reason you don't want to pick up the tickets at the stadium on game night.- It's gonna be LOUD. Enjoy the moment. We prefer to avoid the supporter's section and admire them from afar. There will be pyrotechnics. There is a family section if you want to bring kids (though kids don't necessarily have to sit there).- Heads up if you're in the first few rows. There is no netting to protect the crowd from flying soccer balls. For me, this adds to the fun.- There are lots of varied food options inside but they're all fairly pricey, so we always eat before the game. You can bring your own water in if you remove the lid from your water bottle at the gate.- Team colours for the Impact are blue, white, black.- The fans are not booing their own team, they're crying "Buuuuuuuush" (the name of the goalkeeper).Enjoy the game!
