3	Some of my brown brothers (it's OK, close friends can actually talk about each others' races in good fun...but that's another topic) recommended this place to me. The food was pretty good for dinner but pretty overpriced as well.  The little side condiments on the table were great though.  There is a waiter(owner?) there who looks like me (Asian) but speaks like an Indian. Awesome! God bless America!!
5	This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the area - by far!  They serve quality food with amazing flavors.  I am a vegetarian, and they offer so many good entrees that it's hard to choose one.  Their lunch buffet has a variety of selections, and they always change them up, so it's different each time.  The service is always excellent too.  They are prompt to take your order and serve your food.
5	The best Indian food in the valley!  We moved here 6 years ago and never found an Indian restaurant we liked until this place. Now we are regulars.
5	I had the Chicken Coconut Curry. It was delicious. I got the medium heat one and I had some sweat on my forehead. My family liked it too. I'm happy to find an Indian food restaurant that I like, very close to my house.
3	Before eating at Indian Paradise, I couldn't say I had ever eaten Indian Food while listening to 90's techno... but that's all changed now. I can't explain the staff's choice of music the night I visited Indian Paradise, but it made for interesting ambiance. Maybe Aloo Mattar just tastes better to the tune of "Sandstorm" by Darude?I found this place while on a mad hunt to satisfy an Indian food craving. I swear, when that hits me, I can think of little else. It's nestled in the heart of what seems like Chandler's Chinatown, and took some effort to find. I'm sure that's more due to my poor sense of direction. The decor was minimal (and I don't mean minimalist- just white walls and not much else). The food was good and the service was attentive. I've had better garlic naan, but it surely wasn't bad. The portion sizes were generous enough for my sister and I to split our dishes and still have some leftovers. I'll be back for sure, but I'm still happy trying other Indian places in the valley. Haven't found one I'm completely loyal to yet...
5	If you are coming for atmosphere then move along. When we visited on a Saturday night a few weeks back we were the only diners eating in the restaurant for the 1st 30 mins of our meal! But frankly who cares. I am a nut for Chicken Tikka Masala and this place does the best in the Valley period. The Naan bread was maybe a little too dry but what did I care when I was dipping it in such deliciousness!I won't go anywhere else for Indian food now.
5	Oh what sadness the day that this restaurant decided to move their business to the North Scottsdale branch.We always used to order Indian food from Indian paradise Chandler because they made delicious naan, basmati rice and all things Indian curry. For what it's worth - go check out the Scottsdale branch if you are in the area.I have yet to go but I promised myself that I will put in a good word for this restaurant once I open my Yelp account.Living in Chandler I know that I will be going to the Scottsdale branch as soon as I have reason to go in that direction.
