5	Fantastic vet!
5	The petinary is not exactly a modern place.  The desk is always staffed by a little hippie girl, and the main vet has some odd assistants and isn't the most smiley guy in the world.  But he absolutely saved my cat's life.  He gave me great advice, trained me how to give her the rather extensive home care that she needed, rather than stay in the "hospital" for weeks,   The bill, while a bit difficult to swallow, was way less than any of the other vets in town would have been, the places where they walk around in scrubs as though they are working in a hospital.  When i couldn't cough up all the dough right away, they let me spread out the payments in a way I felt comfortable with. My cat is now happier and healthier than she has ever been in her life, and she is 17 years old now.  I give full credit to the Petinary for a great diagnosis, treatment and general care.
5	Dr. Mike and his staff really care about your pet. No hidden fees or exhorbitant, crazy lab tests when you don't need them. If you want your pet to get great care from a staff that truly cares about animals, you can't do much better. Bear in mind this is an eclectic place housed in a very old flat on Willy Street, but it's still good.
4	the hippie girl is no longer at the counter (i read a previous review stating such), but thats not a bad thing either. The doctor is old school, no non-sense type veterinary. Gets to the point and tries to avoid dosing pets if at all possible. He's a true pet lover and the staff genuinely cares.
4	Friendly, no-nonsense veterinary office. The receptionist was extremely friendly and helpful. The vet tech and vet were fantastic - no complaints.My only problem? To get my dog's toenails trimmed cost $20. For comparison, the most I've ever paid anywhere else was $8. She's a 6-lb chihuahua... it took them about 3 minutes to complete.I'll be back because they're close to where I live and I think they'll be a solid vet, but $20? Wow.
5	I have taken my dog to several different vets in several different states--the Petinary is THE BEST my dog has been to, hands down.  I am a grad student and I always worry how much a visit will cost me.  My dog needed her annual check-up plus a couple of vaccinations and the bill was only $80.  Best part?  The vaccinations are good for three years!  Dr. Kohn and his staff are amazing and they want what's best for you and your dog.  For example, I expected the doc to tell me my dog needed one of those really expensive teeth cleanings which is a conversation that happens at every other vet I've been to.  After looking at my dog's teeth, he said they had tartar build-up but nothing out of the ordinary.  Also, the front desk receptionist helped me figure out how to register my dog as a new resident of WI and even made an extra copy of my dog's rabies vaccine certificate for me.  This is the place to take your pet in Madison!
5	We have two puppies and two cats, and Dr. Kohn, and his team have taken excellent care of them.  One of my puppies is a little spunky, and what really blows my mind is how they are able handle him, and keep him calm.  Do not go to the Petinary if you like saccharine personalities.  Do go if you want high quality, no-nonsense, and affordable care for your furry loved ones.
1	This is the worst veterinarian in Madison.  One word for this guy, "disinterested."  I have been to many vets over my 25 years here, having moved around a bit.  In 2013 I tried to get a Lepto vaccination that another vet recommended, Petinary vet said he "never saw cases of this and didn't carry it" but the other vet said she had 2 dogs die of it this year alone.  What a crackpot. He also missed asthma with a cat I have, diagnosed it as "just dust" in the air.  Another vet I know stated, "I don't even know why he's still open."  Go somewhere else where the veterinarian cares!  Like:  Community Critters, Sandhill, Healthy Pet, Whole Pet, Lakeveiw, Northside.  This guy might be good in an emergency (?) referring to the review from 2/23/10, but for general caring, thorough, interested vet-care for your beloved pets: GO. SOMEWHERE. ELSE.
