1	My first appt went surprisingly well and I was actually quite please and excited to have found an office that i felt comfortable with, however the 3rd time i went back for a recurring problem I felt like i was basically shoved out the door after being with the D.O. for 5 minutes and then when i went back to the front desk to ask about my co-pay for the follow up they were extremely rude! I had to reschedule because the paperwork was not faxed over prior to my appointment which was not my fault and I would have to pay another co-pay when i came back. I wouldn't take my worst enemy here!!
1	Coury Family Medicine is by far the most incompetent Doctor's office I have ever visited. The office staff is rude (especially Heather) and they routinely neglect to call your prescription into your pharmacy.  The front office girls are too busy texting their girlfriends to provide patient service. If you love rude incompetent office staff, then this is your physician's office.Coury Family Medicine is Horrible !!!Very poor service. They will not even take their time call in your prescription.
5	Been there a couple of times and so far every visit has been a great one. I almost never had to wait to be called in, the staff is friendly. Doctor Meg has always been friendly and helpful with any questions I have had so far. They have a lady from Sonora quest that does the blood work for them and I have to say that lady know's how to do her job perfectly, She has always taken out blood from me with out a problem, almost pain free!! Overall I'm really happy with Coury Family Medicine and will continue to be a patient for a long time.
4	I've been to the Gilbert location a few times and have had really good experiences. I really liked the Dr Stacy that left, but now Oxana Douglas has taken her place and she has very good bedside manner. I have never dealt with any rude staff there and the doctors I've seen have been nice and I don't feel rushed. They are not specialists, they're regular family medicine and can stll test for alot of stuff. I hope this location does not close because it seems every time I go there, there is hardly anyone in the waiting room.
5	I have been visiting here for almost 5 years.  A nurse friend recommended this practice to my husband and myself.   Dr. Coury and most of the other doctors here are courteous and efficient.  My husband and I have both seen Dr. Porter and we think he is particularly talented, but we've been seen by a couple of female doctors who are also good.  If you are looking for a GP office, this is a great place.  The staff tries to accommodate requests and you can almost always obtain a same-day appointment. I would like to thank this group for such wonderful service.
