1	I almost never write a review of anything, but I have set aside time to warn everyone about this horrendous place.  This vet is incredibly close to my house, making it very tempting to go back even if they are not the greatest. Im a casual person, not easily offended, but the staff in front is very unprofessional and make strange comments.  They are very confrontational about your dogs care, making sure you feel just guilty enough to buy everything they sell.  Looking past that I thought maybe the vet care would be decent.  The first time I went it was.  Nothing too major to complain about, just a regular vet visit.  Which is why I decided to return when my little dog had some pressing issues.  We waited in the lobby for at least 15 min past our appointment time and another 45 minutes in the vet room.  When the vet finally entered she launched right into a half hour(no exaggeration) sales pitch about food.  I understand that we could and should be feeding our pets a higher quality food, but this was unbelievable.  She used what she described as "an ancient chinese practice" called "muscle testing" in which the vet tech would hold my very confused dog in one arm and press her index and thumb together on that same arm.  The vet would then try to open her fingers by pulling them.  Some how this told them what food she needs.  I was speechless. Just so happens to be all of the food they sell there. After literally almost 30 very awkward minutes I told her we feed Acana and wont be changing it.  She then told me, "that doesnt muscle test well". Pretty convenient since they dont sell it there.  They made an enormous checklist of foods she needed.  I was dumbfounded.  I have NEVER seen anything like this.  What an enormous load of crap. No offense to anyone that is into alternative medicine, but this is not something you expect going into a vet.  I had to ask her several times to actually address what was going on with my dog, which was absolutely nothing digestive.  She barely looked at my dog, or examined her.  The diagnosis and treating of her actual ailments took about 5 minutes and we were there an hour and a half.  I am even tempered but I was downright angry leaving this place.  Their one and only desire is to sell their food.  They do not care about your animal and they dont even have the decency to pretend to.  DO NOT GO HERE.  GO ABSOLUTELY ANYWHERE ELSE.
5	Here is review well deserved . My tiny Yorkie fell off the side of our sofa and had brain trauma. We were so scared to lose her. I had just been given dr. Lorna's number from a friend because that vet I had seen in the past were misdiagnosing my other animal and charging me for every test playing on our heart strings. So we got smart to them and moved on. The day was a Sunday and early in the morning. I called the vets emergency number and it was dr.s cell. She told us to go straight to office she would meet us. Keep in mind I have never been to this office or met this dr. She knew exactly what to do to make sure she would get proper shots and medications , oxygen ect .. And stayed with us and her for 3 hours. She is so smart and we talked about nutrition for our pets and she told me how to care for my Yorkie and nurse her back to health . We went back the day after and the dog was showing progress. We were not sure she would make it. And I am certain it's all because of dr. Lorna that she has been making progress. We loved the dr. We loved the staff everyone is so nice and down to earth. And I am so happy she is our new vet. The best part is she is not a gouger in pricing. She's fair and to the point she does not try to drain your saving on hunches . And if you ever read this doctor we really think your wonderful :) and you are the vet to have! Thank you for saving our dog Sophie .
1	Just an update to original review. Our dog, which they had prescribed DES for her urination issue began having some issues shortly after taking the pills. She lost a bunch of weight, and was having trouble keeping food down. We took her in, to a reputable vet, only to find out that she was being massively overdosed by the amount they prescribed! They prescribed a full pill once every other day. She is now on a quarter pill every week. These people are insane & have no business practicing. This amount could have done permanent damage. We are very lucky right now she seems to be doing fine. Never, ever trust these people with your precious pets.
5	We went to Dr Lanman at Petsvet for the first time four years ago. One of  our rescued dogs was suffering from hot spots. Over several decades of rescuing dogs we were always given Prednisone and told by various vets that "hotspots are caused by allergies". Doctor Lanman is the first veterinarian that had the answer to the cause. She explained about the dog foods that we were feeding them, and educated us about canine foods allergies. She said that if we followed her advice we would hardly ever see her. We have three Standard and two Mini Poodles that no longer know what it's like to be sick. We foster rescued dogs and have been able to turn some really sad cases around by following her nutritional guidelines. Our oldest Standard is almost fifteen, and she once again runs and loves to play. We can not thank her enough for the good health of our five happy pups!!
