5	Was very nervous and didn't know what to expect. The staff was extremely friendly and very helpful. They took the time to explain the process and answer all my questions. This location is extremely clean and inviting. Could not be happier with signing up for services with these folks. They are worth every penny and then some. Already have recommended these folks to friends and family, and will continue to do so!!
5	I heard about Ideal Image on a local radio station when the location was opening in Middleton and thought I'd check it out. I scheduled a consultation and upon arrival all of the staff was welcoming and helpful. The consultation was throrough and all of my questions were answered. I did not feel pressured at all to start treatment, but I did decide to go ahead with it. I am having my underarms, chin and lower linea alba (below belly button down to around the beltline) and all areas are progressing very nicely with no complaints about the treatment or results! I have been very satisfied with the results and it has been worth the money. Highly recommend to anyone interested in laser hair removal!
5	I was interested in going to Ideal Image for laser hair removal. When I went in for my consultation I was happy to see that the center is very clean, and the staff is friendly, professional, and extremely knowledgeable about the services and lasers. Nurses do all the services, so you know you will be taken care of. I decided to treat the Brazilian area, I have had three treatments so far, and I am so happy with the results!! I've done my research about other laser hair removal centers, and had consultations, but nothing beats Ideal Image!!
4	I show up, promptly greeted, beautiful interior, nice furniture and displays; just gorgeous. I recently completed my second visit and I may have shaved 3 times since my first and I am pleased.  The level of professionalism is impeccable and the service is just as top-notch.  I won't sugar coat the fact that this hurts, it does. I was happy to find out that ideal image has lasers for both dark and light complexions.  It's always a gamble finding persons knowledgeable in all skin types. I was a skeptic and with all the ads on the radio...honestly, it didn't help build my confidence.  I get why there are so many ads and such.  I have been showing off my legs and arm pits to just about everyone.  Yes, that seems weird, but you would too.  The results are amazing!  Thank you!
5	I went in with embarrassing under arm hair.  I have dark hair and fair skin.  Even after shaving it looked like I needed to shave because you could see the underlining roots. I was skeptical about Ideal Image. I couldn't believe the results with just one treatment. They could stop treatment now and I would be happy with the results I have already gotten.  I am very excited to see the finished results. The treatment is exciting and exactly what I had hoped for.  I also want to talk about the staff. Everyone is so sweet, understanding, and caring. They have the best team working together to make sure your happy. They are truly wonderful. I look forward to seeing them. Thank you Ideal Image! You made me a believer!!
