4	Grade: BI immediately felt comfortable here. Lots of places to sit, a game area for the kids and beer for the adults. Fantastic pizza, great prices, and good service. Give this place a try!
4	Homey feel, great pizza.  A great neighborhood pizza joint
4	Tasty thin crust, delicious pizza.  Very comfortable to dine in.
4	Great lunch buffet.  The restaurant was full but they kept the it full.  Nice for kids, but you see many business people here.  There was an o.k. salad bar, soups were good, so were the wings and pizza and breaksticks.  Some games for kids, too.
4	The Pizza Oven is an institution in Monona (having been around 50 years). The lunch pizza buffet is not very large, but do you really need a lot when it comes to a buffet like that? Their dining room is spacious which is good for groups. This place is especially kid friendly. We were there for dinner. Not too busy but not deserted. We'll definitely be back.
4	Love it! A dive bar of sorts with great pizza. Wish there was one closer to Middleton!
5	Awesome owner who really cares about his customers!
5	Tried their plain wings and mushroom apps...great.  Sausage and Canadian bacon pizza was excellent, mixed drinks and service also great....we will be back!
5	Excellent pizza. Very flavorful. Crust was thin and nice and flaky/crispy. Not sure why they cut into 1-2" squares, though, but that's a small thing to overlook for the fabulous taste.
2	I like pizza but this is not what I expected.  Many years ago this was a Monona institution with great thin crust pizza cut into squares. Now it's thin crust has the taste of chalk and toppings are tiny and the sauce has gone towards ketchup. Terrible I'm very sorry to say. Nice bar area but it's not the Pizza Oven of old.
4	I got here on occasion for lunch.  Anyplace that has a Cheap Trick record on the wall for decoration can't be all bad.It's a pretty standard pizza buffet. Their pizza is very good; I like their sausage pizza best, though their chicken/bacon pizza is pretty darn tasty, too.If you go for the buffet during a busy lunch, you might wait a bit for decent pizza.  I've gone in at times and the buffet was picked clean and there was a good five or ten minute wait for a new one.  They also put out large pizzas.  This is fine when it's busy, but when there are less people in the store, then you end up going back while the pizza you just ate is still sitting there.  It doesn't lend itself well toward variety.  They do solid work here, though. I will always go back.
3	Very good pizza, very slow to make. Plan extra time out order ahead. We waited over an hour for a pizza (and the place wasn't busy).
1	I'm very confused about all the great reviews for the Pizza Oven. First, we Ordered three pizzas. Two do them were two for $24 plus a little extra for an additional topping. We ordered a 3rd three topping pizza as well. We were told on the phone that the price would be $41.90. When the delivery guy showed up the bi was $49:50. There also wasn't a receipt provided in any fashion. The mobile website wasn't working so I couldn't double check the pricing. We did call back after the delivery to verify the the price. The women on the phone seemed to to have a difficult time coming up with our price. The pizzas themselves were not quite OK. The one with the anchovies on it smelled beyond fishy... This one didn't get finished. The crust wasn't particularly crisp and the sauce was pretty bland. The Pizza Oven doesn't measure up to other delivery competition in the area. This review is based on a single experience, but I'm not particularly eager to try the the Pizza Oven again.
2	Awful service, food fine. Waited 45 minutes for a single pizza (wen we arrived, we were the only table) while dining in, server was actively hostile and rude. Pizza, when it arrived, was fine, but nothing worth enduring the service for.
3	Traditional thin crust locally owned pizza place. Pizza can be really good or miss the mark. Very hit and miss. Very disappointed as tonight's was a big miss.
