4	Not bad for a jiffy lube. Still overpriced, I think but the guys that work here are pretty straight forward as opposed to other jiffys that try to sell you everything!! Second time here both good experiences.
1	I've used this Jiffy Lube for my 99 Mazda 626.  I have a new Mazda 6 2014.  I took it to Jiffy Lube for an oil change because I didn't have time to take it to the dealership - apparently a mistake.  They stripped the oil pan bolt.  WTF?  I had my doubts that day, it was two younger men I had not seen there before.  There were no other customers or people waiting.  They also failed to vacuum the floors - which I let slide because I just want a service done correctly.  Don't take a new care there or any car you want to run for a while.  Such a disappointment - All they had to do was the ONE major thing that people take their cars there for a decent oil change.
5	The best jiffy lube I ever went to. All 3 staffs took a time and check everything they can. They were so fast and professional. I felt bad that they were all sweating for my old car. Thank you.
5	If you go to this Jiffy Lube then you have to ask for David. He was extremely helpful and gave us a great deal. We will only be going to him from now on whenever we need anything done on our car. We came here for an oil change and ended up leaving with not only a great price on that ($80 for synthetic) but we also got a new car battery with a 2 year warranty for $70. We have a Volkswagon Jetta S. Great place with great service by David who should be the employee of the month in my book. Happy customer.
5	I just got my oil change and got a new battery today. Iam very happy with the services we received our mechanics name was David. He answered all of our questions clearly and even stayed late to make shore we was taken care of. I can tell he has alot of knowledge with cars. Heck he even helped us save some extra money with company discounts. Anywhere else I would of paid alot more for the synthetic oil change and car battery. Hes a great employee and jiffy lube should recognize his good work ethics.
5	The guys at this location were awesome. Did a great job, and have great customer service. Very pleased. Would definitely return for service.
