4	Spicy or not spicy, Salsarita's is a great and quick place for lunch. Typical of this food style (like Moe's and Qdoba), it's an assembly line of meat, veggies and then salsa in a burrito or a salad. It's nice to be able to see your food prepared right in front of you so you can see exactly what's going on and ask for more (or less) of any particular item.I'm a big fan of the grilled chicken burrito, which has an excellent spicy taste, especially when you go with the medium or spicy salsa and add some of the made-in-the-store guacamole. Rolled up, it's always just barely big enough to fit inside the soft tortilla shell. My wife prefers the fresh grilled chicken quesadilla with the corn salsa and a zesty cheese.The soda fountain has Coke products (including Coke Zero) but I usually end up with the 5 calorie Lemonade which I refill to go.Unfortunately, they are not open on Sundays (possibly because they're surrounded by mostly office parks?).Very friendly staff and the place is always clean and tidy. A couple of TV's are usually tuned into CNN or Fox News. There is more than enough seating and I think there's some outdoor seating in the back overlooking the Tyvola and Yorkmont intersection. Sadly, the angle isn't very good for seeing anything flying into or out of CLT.
4	The last time I ate at a Salsarita's I absolutely hated it because it seemed like they had a ton of cilantro to get rid of, and it ended up on my plate. Since then, I have boycotted Salsarita's in fear of getting more cilantro. I have been proven wrong (thankfully) and found a new lunch time haunt. Like Moe's, and other assembly line American type Mexican food, Salsarita's has more options that most in my opinion. I've been to this location twice and both times I got nachos, with different meats. The 1st trip was grilled chicken. I liked how even though it was grilled, it didn't taste burnt. The chicken was fresh and hot and didn't taste like it was sitting under warming lamps for hours. The 2nd trip I got their shredded pork, which I found that I like better than the chicken. I will probably stay away from the ground meat, it looks like taco bells meat and I think dog food every time I see it. I will suggest, if you get the nachos, get both refried and black beans with their "pink" sour cream, those 3 things really bring out the flavor in the meat you put on your plate (not sure how that is, but who cares as long as it tastes good right?). Their drinks are fountain Coke products (I know I know, it sucks being a Pepsi fan in Charlotte...)
2	**Graphic TMI Alert**OK, so basically this is a Chipotle type restaurant.  If you aren't familiar with Chipotle, where have you been for the past ten years because it is the greatest place on Earth?!  Burritos/tacos/taco salads.  S.R. is basically the same besides the fact that the food is much worse.  Bad guacamole, bad queso, and gross meats.  The only good things about this place were that it was clean, relatively cheap, and you don't have fiery "aftermath"  (Think about that one).   Honestly, I will pay the "Montezuma's Revenge" price for the deliciousness of Chipotle rather than going back here again.  All that being said, I still ate my whole burrito and chips & guac.  It was only good because I was starving.  All I'm saying is... Use your cool new smart phone device thingy and type in C-H-I-P-O-T-L-E and drive to that dot instead.  Trust me!   Enjoy :)-Ian M.
4	Finally some restaurants have opened within walking distance from the office.  One of the first was Salsarita's, a Charlotte based chain.  Salsarita's set up is similar to the other customizable assembly style fast "Mexican" style places.  This places gets very crowded for lunch but they are always very fast.  They have a different special every day, and even offer a 10% discount to us.  Most of the food is made fresh as you can often see the meat being cooked.  It's also a good place for vegetarians too, as you can get grilled vegetables instead of meat (no tofu though).For the price, the convenience, and the quickness of the service here, it's a great lunch spot.  Don't go here expecting authentic Mexican style cuisine, but the food is high quality for the price.
2	Had a sloppy egg/bacon breakfast with what they called 'guacamole'. I have not had the chance to eat their main dishes.
3	Very disappointed that they stopped giving the $2.00 off meal if you filled out the customer servey online.  That was one of the reasons why we would choose this palce to begin with!Other than that, they have great food, and the service is always great!
5	Huge line at lunch - but it moves fast.  Check in on foursquare to get a free drink upgrade, and be sure to join their loyalty club.  After you spend $100, you get a $10 on your card, and $10 on your birthday - I've been eating for free since September.They offer the typical, tacos, burritos, nachos, taco salads.  I always go with a two taco combo, soft taco, to go.
3	Overpriced.If you've been to Chipotle or Qdoba, then you know that this place isn't quite as good.  Maybe I was unlucky or maybe this co. needs to change their training procedure, but my bowl was a little on the skimpy side.  The person that helped me was clearly new since they asked the people around how much of veggies, beans, rice, meat, etc.  Because of that, mine was a little weak.The chips are ultra-thin so feel especially oily.  I'll avoid Salsarita in the future--no need to tarnish the sterling brand that is Chipotle.dmo out.
4	Don't let the lunch line trailing out the front door discourage you, this is the A team and they get you in and out fast.  I would recommend the chicken topping over the other meats and it helps to request a dash of seasoning when you order nachos.  Make sure to get to know Steve "the Legend Maker".  Seriously, his business card says "Legend Maker" as his title lol.
2	This place reminds me of Qdoba, Chipolte and Moe's Southwest Grill: they're just fancier versions of everyone's favorite go to spot when they're broke: Taco Bell. Nothing spectacular or memorable. The nacho chips they serve are too salty. Prices are ok. Best time to come is lunchtime. This location closes at 8pm.
4	New, clean, and fresh.  Located in a strip mall right by the airport.  If you are staying by the airport it is a great spot to grab some Mexican.  I went with the 3 Taco combo.  I like all the options for the different meat choices.  You aren't limited to just beef or chicken.  I went with the pulled pork and ground beef.  It is comparable to a Chipotle with all the options and fresh ingredients.  The frozen margaritas are a nice touch!One thing I'm huge on is cleanliness.   You could probably eat off the floor at Salsaritas.  They close a bit early during the week (8 oclock).  We were the last people for the night and they let us hang out while they were closing up.  I watched the worker take off each fountain faucet and clean it off.  Excellent!  To many businesses neglect fountain stations and the mildew they can grow.  A+.
3	Eh, Chiptole is way better. I had somewhat avoided this place from the Charlotte airport and seeing it around Charlotte.This location was "factory like" just like Chipotle, but something made me feel like it wasn't fresh and that it was contributing to obesity in America. Ugh, I don't know...just didn't love it.This location seems legit, minus the tables are SUPER close to each other. This is the South, not NYC.
4	Good food and pretty quick. Had the quesadilla and my wife had the crab cakes. Both were very good, though the crab cakes may not be very filling. Tons of chips with the chips and salsa.  Solid pick if you have a little extra time and want to sit down for a bit.
3	A good option for quick service at the airport.  As such it's your typical chain Mexican food.  The most distinguishing aspect was their chips and salsa.  Their mild was a very chunky Pico and their chips did seem light and freshly fried.
2	The Charlotte airport is awesome so I definitely didn't want to just grab Burger King or Sbarros during my layover but I didn't have enough time to try a restaurant.  I quickly whipped out my yelp app and found Salsitas.  The line was excruciatingly slow because the woman making the burritos had no idea what she was doing.  While on line, I had to painstakingly watch her make burrito after burrito because she kept overstuffing them until the tortilla broke & she had to start over again.  OMG was that frustrating.  Being optimistic, I thought she would get the hang of it for my burrito but NOPE.  I sadly watched my giant burrito break but luckily she got it the second time.Having wasted 40 minutes watching her break burritos, I raced over to my terminal & my hangry self attacked the burrito.  Super disappointing!  It was not good and for the reviewers who said it was similar to Chipotle -- you are dead wrong.  In fact, you need to check your tastebuds.   It didn't taste fresh, chicken wasn't flavorful, wasn't warm, and was pretty much a huge faux-Mexican mess in a fragile tortilla.  Honestly, I wish I just went to Burger King.  Also if you're looking for seating just walk down to the next section of fast food stalls.  They're the less popular options & the seating areas aren't as crowded.
3	Comprable to Chipotle, but good nonetheless.  I did like that I had more food options than Chipotle, though. I would definitely eat here again.
4	This place is definitely good with me! I stopped in Friday for their 2 taco daily special with chips, queso and a drink. Yum! The staff was super friendly and the place was very clean. I ordered one steak and one pulled pork taco on crispy shells with lettuce, cheese, fresh jalapenos, sour cream and corn salsa. Simply delish!  The steak and pulled pork were both seasoned very well. And they are plentiful with the toppings here, which is a huge win! Best part...the queso! OMG! Seriously, whenever you can...get it! It's worth it! There you have it, short and sweet. They have GOOD stuff here!! Plus it's a very convenient location for me, so I'm sure to be a regular!
4	The staff was very helpful and I relied on them for suggestions since I hardly ever make my way here... They set me up with some delicious lunch, too... I ordered the brisket tacos when I saw them on the screen behind the ordering bar... The tortillas tasted fresh, the brisket was well seasoned and even though I took the tacos to go (and they had a "superhot" sauce, grilled onions, cilantro and cheese), they were not all wet and icky which was incredibly impressive... I ordered the hottest sauce they have and it barely had a kick to it in my opinion... Don't get me wrong, it was good, but I was expecting a lot more spice...Candyce B was right, guys... Do not skip the queso... The chips were pretty run of the mill, though... Lastly, the price was a bit high...  Over $8 for two tacos, a drink and queso?  Maybe I'm crazy, but that's a little steep for lunch... At least for me, so I definitely wouldn't do this frequently, but it hit the spot today... And it's good to know that tasty food is waiting for you whenever you need it...
3	Eh, but better airport food then usual
4	This place is always packed at lunch time, but the line moves fast!  The food is fresh, the staff courteous and the restaurant is always clean.I had the shrimp bowl this time around and was pleased with the portions and the selections for toppings, especially the chunky guacamole.This a a quick and affordable option for lunch!
3	Fast Fresh healthy Mexican food. Atmosphere is themed well. A great place for a quick bite.
4	Great service, great food! Traveling through & picked here at the last minute, not disappointed!
4	It's a chain...most of you should have run into one by now. I like their burrito bowl (think naked burrito, i.e. burrito minus the tortilla), their salads, and they've got some pretty bangin quesadillas. Their steak is good (have yet to try any of the rest but I'm told chicken is good as well). I recommend.
4	In town for business and hotel was across the street, if your from the south you may know Moe's and this place has the same concept. It was clean and about an hour from closing they were still busy and the food tasted fresh. I had the large steak quesadilla and did a combo with queso and chips. Everything was yummy and while a bit pricey at $11 for everything I would do it again over a greasy hamburger.
4	Fresh, tasty, fast, and cheap!The staff was awesome. My kid's show fell off (I hadn't noticed) and they brought it out to us in the parking lot!
1	Worse place ever! These are college kids that burn the food or do not cook it right. They don't pay attention to your order either. It is gross! If I could give them less then one star I would!
