4	Nice choice for Filipino fast food!
5	I have been to DJ Bibingkahan's twice while visiting Vegas from San Diego.  The first time I was so overwhelmed!  The amount of food you get for the price is awesome.  Really good food and not too greasy like a lot of other places.  I was craving Lechon Kawali and theirs did not disappoint... you know how at some places the lechon sauce is either too bitter or just gross?  DJ's was good.  Each time we've been there the place was always packed, but the service was still good.  Will be going back next time we're in Vegas.
5	Dang, I'm so FILIPINO!My friends and I always try to go here when we're craving for Filipino food, and we're in the area. Great Filipino food for the price. It reminds me of the one back home! We always get the combo plate with two entrees and rice. If you eat in, you usually get a bowl of soup, which is usually nilaga. Too fatty if you ask me; one sip of the soup put a layer of oil on the top of my lip! YUCK, grease mustache!One thing to watch out for here is your cholesterol! Geez! You should see the fat swimming in it! hehhe I guess that makes it good, right? The line could get long here during lunch time, but it tends to move fast. Also, you can have ulam to go if you don't want to cook at home! The prices are not too bad, so you don't have to cook when you get home!Salamat, DJ Bibingkahan for always satisfying my craving for Filipino food! I just wish the dishes had more veggies...
5	FILIPINO!  FILIPINO!  This place is Wo-Wo-Wee!Being Filipino, you would have thought I would have discovered this place while I was at UNLV because it's only a few blocks down on Maryland.  I didn't eat here till after I graduated from college.  Now this place is a staple for me.  You want some good, authentic Filipino food?  Grease and all?  Go here!  This place is so awesome!When you step inside you will notice that all the food is behind the glass guard, and you ask for items just like in your local school cafeteria.  You start in the line with your tray and wait to get to the food line for your choices.  I usually get greeted with, "Hoi nakong, what do you want to eat?"  Hehe, just like my grandma back in the day.  They have so many choices it's hard to pick your favorites.  Most people just pick 2 or 3 entrees to go along with your MOUND of steamed white rice.  You got daily choices from:-Pancit Palabok and Pancit Bihon-Bangus (so yummy with vinegar!)-Lumpia Shanghai-Pork or Chicken Adobo-Dinuguan, Kare-Kare-Roast Lechon (gimme the crispy skin)-Beef Steak-Longanisa-PinakbetThere's lots more!  They even got BBQ sticks and stir fry for you less adventurous Filipinos.  So good....and with your entrees you get your choice of soup!  Nilaga or Sinigang....so good for cutting into the fatty pork dishes and balancing them out.  It truly is a must have with your food.  Add me some Jufran (Filipino banana ketchup), vinegar, soy sauce, and Filipino All Purpose Sauce (no joke, that's what it's called...it's for the lechon) and I'm all set!  Best of all...2 entrees, rice, and soup only set you back $4-$6 depending on what you get!  Talk about enjoying your culture!  Wash it all down with a Boba drink or some soda...there's even a complimentary ice and water dispenser for you to use.  They do catering events as well.At the end of the line where you pay, they even have some baked good for you to eat there or take home.  They have puto (yum yum with cheese), and other things like bibingka.  You can also order a freshly-made Halo-Halo with all the fixins' for dessert!  So good with the shaved ice on a summer day!  For those not in the know, Halo-Halo ('Mix Mix' in Filipino) is a concoction with coconut, beans, corn, and jackfruit among other things and is topped with shaved ice, and evaporated or condensed milk.  Go wiki it, it tastes a lot better than it might look.  That Dale guy on Top Chef: Chicago made a version of it on the show.Place isn't fancy or anything, but at least it's clean and tidy most of the time.  There's usually a guy walking around cleaning up all the plates and such.  But the folks working there are generally really nice and willing to help you out with the names of dishes.  Knowing a little bit of the Filipino language (Tagalog or Ilocano) but isn't necessary.  Get your authentic Filipino eats here, you won't be sorry!  So MASARAP!
5	One of my favorite eating spots in Las Vegas.  I've been to other Filipino restaurants in LV and this one by far surpasses them all.  This cafeteria style restaurant has the largest selection of Filipino cuisine.  Think of any Filipino dish....and they will have it!  It can be pretty overwhelming at first because there are just too many dishes to choose from.  I recommend going with more than 2 people so you can share different dishes.  I usually go here during lunch and I'll be full until way after dinner.  Their two-item combos are killer with large servings...and for less than $5, you'll be more content here than eating at a more expensive restaurant on the strip.  Make sure they serve your dishes in separate bowls so you can share them around the table.  Here are just a few flavorful dishes that I've enjoyed here throughout the years:LaingChicken AdoboLechon Kuwali Kare Kare Pork AdoboChicken ApritadaPaksiw na Pata MenudoBBQ chicken Beef CalderetaSinigang na BaboyPalabokPinakbetDinuguan Halo Halo....and that's only scratching the surface.  They have more items laid out....all nice and hot.  Oh and let's not forget...they offer Nilaga soup with your dine-in order (by the cashier).  Service is good...never had a problem with that.  However, cleanliness can sometimes be questionable.  The cheap prices and wide variety of great tasting authentic Filipino food explain why I've never seen this restaurant without a line.  But don't worry, the line goes pretty quick....especially when you're having trouble deciding what two items to get.  If you're ever stuck in that rut, go ahead and get three items!  Just don't expect to eat again until the next day.
5	Dammmmn, I'm so glad I'm in Vegas right now cause I shot off some machine guns today and tomorrow, I get to go to DJ Bibigkahan for lunch!  It's my birthday and I'm in Vegas... now I get to have the best Filipino food at the most amazing prices ever!  This place is SO much better than the other Filipino options, I only tried the others 1 time and never went back.  It isn't a 'nice' restaurant but it's quick, cheap and DELISH!See ya there!
3	I'm sorry, but I will have to give them one less star from my original rating. So why do you ask? It is plain and simple. The name of the place is "BIBINGKAHAN", yet there was no BIBINGKA! Ok fine there was none available in the morning. So you will have some later right? Nope, how bout tomorrow? Nope. Well that sums it up, 1 less star Mr. DeeJay. We are not from Las Vegas, so it made this situation a bit more sour. Oh well, maybe next year Mr. DJ.Despite the shortcomings of the main reason we visited this place, the rest of the experience has been positive.Restaurant has a great location. The dining room space is huge! Never do you feel cramped. You line up cafeteria style and pick what you want.  There are so many choices to pick from. All the Filipino favorites!2 items w/rice is $5.50. 1 Item is $4.50 if I can recall. The portions are huge. I could not finish my 2 item meal. It also comes with soup.The staff is friendly and the restaurant is clean. The food was comparable to other Filipino places, one has to keep in mind that owners of these places make popular Filipino dishes their own way. So one place might make it how you like it, while the other you will not. So it is purely subjective. But no complaints from me. Unfortunately no sell serve fountain soda drinks. But there is self serve water. Utensils in plastic and silverware. This seems like a very popular place for the Filipino locals, because people were constantly raking in. I would've gave them 5 full stars if the place was true to their name being a Bibingkahan. But other than that, I have only good things to say about this place. Now how come we don't have Filipino places like this here in the Bay Area.
1	I'm sorry, I hate to do this but, I'm 95%sure DJ's gave me food poisoning last Sat.  The reason I know... cause I'm the only one who ate the squid... everything else through-out the day was shared family-style with my friends.  I was sick, sick, sick... you don't want details.Also, they've raised their prices... a lot.  I was bragging to all my friends about how great DJ's was and how it'd only run us 5-6$ per person... almost everyone spent @ 10$.  :*(   Plus they were 'out' of our favorite orange soda.  Nobody else really complained but, what a wreck of a group lunch outing!  DJ's let me down in several ways.Won't see ya there anymore!
4	I don't really like eating out at Filipino restaurants when I know that I can get better-tasting food at home, but when you don't feel like cooking, this is an awesome place to go. I love their bopis and laing! I don't live in the Vegas area, but I always make sure to come here when I am in the area and when that Filipino food craving hits me.
3	Lots of choices that is for sure. This place has decent food but sometimes it is a bit too oily but then again that is how the cuisine is based on. Filipino food is great. However, it is never pleasant to the eyes. They never have bibingka when you want it.
5	-mga kababayan ko, dapat lang malaman nyo, bilib ako sa kulay ko ako ay.....pilipino-o di va? an sarap naman! tapos gusto ko yun kapeterya style na turo-turo!-may handang tumulong sa yo at kumuha ng order mo, walang mabagal na hintay-an daming pagpipilian, as in super-buti di ako nakatira sa las begas, siguro tataas cholesterol ko dito=MURA NA MASARAP PA! TSIBUGAN NA, TAGAY PA!
5	If you plan a trip to Vegas and love filipino food, you must try DJ's. It's a turo-turo style restaurant and they have a WIDE selection of filipino dishes like lechon kawali, kare kare, pinakbet, pancit, dinaguan, caldereta, adobo, laing, bulaklak, etc... The list goes on! The dishes are kept well stocked since they have to accommodate long lines of people at a time. the food is never just sitting there very long because of the constant traffic they get throughout the day.for about $6 you can get 2 entrees with rice along with their complimentary sinigang soup.  If you are a true filipino, it would be wise to get an extra order of rice. it's only 50 cents. For low carbers,,, you have no business eating here (just kidding)Don't forget to order their melon drink or sago at gulaman! It's all good!If you still have room at the end of your meal, try the halo-halo. You won't regret it. Instead of getting a scoop of ice cream on top, you get lecheflan instead. Mmmm!Forgot to mention the entertainment...while you eat, you can watch the TFC channel on their flat panel TVs'. It's funny!But seriously, I've been to many filipino restaurants around Vegas and this, by far, is the best!
5	Okay....since my last review, the prices did go up....about a dollar or so.  But still is worth every dime!  For the amount of food they gave me on my last visit, I still felt like a winner.....a full winner!  Compared to most Filipino restaurants, they still have the largest selection, and they are still generous in portions...enough to share.   I love visiting this restaurant.  It brings me back to the Philippines with their delicious authentic food and TFC on the tube!  Wowoweee!
3	Everytime my family comes to vegas, we eat at dj bibingka. It's good for families because it's cafeteria style & everyone can get what they want for a good price. Service is good & selection is excellent. They serve your food with a lot of rice, so for sure you'll be full.
1	Ok this is the reason I am giving them one star. We are not from Las Vegas, we're from the Bay Area, CA. We regularly go to Vegas and frequent this place. The place is called DJ "BIBINGKAHAN", but where is the motha-f-ing BIBINGKA? We went here 3 times in a span of 1 year and half. EACH AND EVERY TIME, they did not have BIBINGKA. We even mentioned that we were in town for a few days and would like to order one. They could not accommodate that request. This recent 3rd trip here, they still did not have the very product their place is named after. We told the person up front, in TAGALOG even, that you should change the name of the place.Sorry, but after 3 times, and 500+ mile drive back and forth, I have a reason to complain.
4	If you're craving filipino food in Vegas, visit DJ.  I like how large the seating area is and even with the Vegas heat, the restaurant was cool!  Prices were fair and good!  There are lot of choices, you can't go wrong!
4	One of the best buffet style restaurants around Vegas. I love Filipino food and this place always hits the spot. Sooo many choices to choose from. Good desserts here too, so don't forget to order some. The service is good and the prices fair.
4	There really is no reason to eat anywhere else in Vegas if you're Filipino.  Well if you're in the mood for Filipino food that is.  You can eat wherever you want.Ok, so this restaurant is a point-and-serve establishment bka cafeteria-style aka "turo-turo."  So with that in mind, make sure you try to sample everything.  You can't do Vegas in a day and you definitely can't do DJ's either.  My last time here I had Laing and Bangus.  It was pretty much off the chain.  I don't know what it is about taro leaves that brings out massive flavor.  You know what kills flavor?  The quality of the restrooms.If you're not Filipino then you probably won't understand what's happening on the television.  Usually a game show or a soap opera is playing, but more than likely a game show.  You will definitely leave this place full and relatively happy.  I advise you head back to your room immediately afterwards because the "-itis" hits hard when you eat here.  Find a bed fast...
3	I was working in Vegas a few weeks ago, and stopped into DJ's to get my Filipino fix.  This was the highest reviewed place on Yelp, so I had to give it  shot.First thing's first...the food is good.  Not great, but good.  I had a hard time picking between the Thai Original BBQ place next door, but at the end of the day the my ancestors called upon me and forced me through the doors into what I call "the biggest Filipino cafeteria I have ever seen".I had the standard bbq, mongo, and palabok - all which were about 7 out of 10 stars.The best part of the experience was the huge SHE-MAN that walked in.  Now...I'm completely straight, but I just couldn't help staring, to the point where my attention could have been misinterpreted as interest.Except I didn't have a smile on my face, and my eyes were bulging like Arnold's Mars scene in Total Recall.Kind of like when something smells bad, but you have to keep smelling it?  Yah...one of those situations.
3	Not a bad place to eat. A good variety offered at the buffet for like 7.99$I had the breakfast buffet. The only problem with breakfast was not enough fried egg and the merienda with the buffet was only fruit. Other places i went to had ginataang bilo bilo.
4	1) Affordable2) Satisfies my filipino food cravings3) Tons of choices4) Never disappointedJust didn't give it 5 stars because only HALF the time I go there do they actually have the BBQ sticks. BUTtheir pork adobo is consistent as well as their caldereta!!! My hubby loves their sinigang and if you're lucky to be here when the lechon kawali is fresh, it's the best quick and cheap filipino eats in Vegas! Also, I wish they didn't close so early. Knowing I have to fight traffic to get there in time sometimes is the deciding factor if I want it or not.
5	When I come to Vegas, I have to come here at least once and at most 3 times.Lunch is the best time to come because everything is fresh and the melon drink is available.The skewers are freaking delicious.I love Filipino food.
4	This place has the best beef tapa in the city. Other favorites include the diniguan, lechon kawali, and also their tocino. I used to go to this place for lunch at least once a week when I worked on that side of town, even though it always made me late coming back! Support your local filipino business!!
3	I come here because the food is cheap and decent. I am a regular here. Tons of selections. The dishes aren't always consistent. It may taste good one day, and that same dish may taste different another day, but hey...its cheap.  A no-frills fast food restaurant for sure. It looks like a factory/school cafeteria inside. Sadly, there isn't that many quality turo-turo places around, so this what I will continue to eat. I like eating at Ito'y Sariling Atin in the same plaza to change up my routine.
4	When it comes to fast food Filipino food, there is only one place to go in town..... DJ Bibingkahan! Even when this place is packed, the line will move quick and your on your way to eating great filipino food!Likes:-Price!-Wide selection of food-Longanisa served all dayIt's setup like any other quick service style restaurant (think Panda Express with one, two and three choice plates) or you can order a-la-carte. Nothing beats rice, longanisa and chicken adobo when your hung over after a long night of partying in Las Vegas or watching Pac-Man fight!
3	Mom's been wanting to pick up a bibingka from here for a while now but I always seem to but this place on the back burner. Finally took the OG's to Vegas for the first time since forever so I mentioned this place to mom and she was stoked to check it out. I enjoy navigating away from the strip because that traffic is always ridiculous. Checked the GPS and booyah were turning into the parking lot. All we came here for was the bibingka but they were all sold out. Fair enough we did come here later in the day so I was not surprised. Figured we grab some food to bring to the hotel room and save some money on dinner. Grabbed a combo plate for pops and waited for the rest of the family to arrive. A couple of days out in Vegas can definitely get ya craving for some rice. Everything is right on par with the Pinoy spots in San Diego.  Nothing  different from the norm.  Is that TFC on the tv? Yeah now it feels like home.
3	came here for lunch today had their combo meals with free soup. Taste is ok not outstanding. had the grilled fish and stuffed bangus.both were dried out on the inside.Its a turo turo style so there was no service whatsoever except for them getting the food you picked.The place could be cleaner.We saw a whole lot of other filipino fast food style restaurant. Would try it out
4	This is behind Itoy Sarili Atin in favorite cafeteria/Turo-turo style, but I am a fan because certain dishes are served here that Itoy doesn't have. I dont know what its called (for shame! I am part flip!) but its a dish where like hearts and liver and such is diced and cooked in a light tomato sauce with onions and like peppers. My family used to cook this and they usually have that here. I've tried more of the "staples" and its pretty good here. This place is popular so the food gets enough turnover throughout the day. Only demerit, sometimes it's not so clean...like plates are just left on the table and arent picked up.
4	Great food for the price.  Cold halo halo during the summer is the best.  They invite celebs here for signings.  Get in early... sometimes the lines are out the door and you don't what that during the summer, for sure.
4	If you are looking for the full range of pinoy chow you can't go wrong. Got all the classics and then some, even got PI cable on tv. Milk fish, longanisa, adobo, pusit, etc..  Come hungry. Good portions and prices. I was going to give it a 3 star but after realizing that I'm still thinking about this place and how I want to go back, I'm bumping it up,
4	Cafeteria style fast food, but better than most cafeteria's I've been to.The 2 item combo with a free soup was very filling and cheap: 3 combos with drinks, and the total came to $20.20! I normally have no clue what I am eating, but it's good. You really can't go wrong here. I know I have had the longanisa  and a lechon dish. Lumpia is ok also, but keep in mind they sit out a little. The rice is decent, the guys behind the counter pour the sauce of whatever I got over it so I'm satisfied.Good quality food, excellent for the price. You could have spent that 5 bucks on McDonald's today...instead, just check yelp.
3	Perfect place to satisfy your home cooked Filipino food..just the way mom used to make it.  We had the 2-item $5 combo w/ rice.  I had the classics-sinigang and adobo.  And yes, it was awesome! Sinigang was on point!  Sour just the way I like it.  It's not fancy at all, but you know me...mom n pop shops is what it's about!
5	"hello sir, halo-halo ready"...this place is freakin great.  Nice big dinning area with some filo-filo channel on the screens.  A lot of traditional food to choose from, and you know it's good when there's a line out the door.  Coming from san diego - this place is a must visit whenever i go to vegas.
4	My Dad takes me here when I visit him in Vegas. This time I brought my friends with me, and none of them have had Filipino before! As soon as they got through the doors they were drooling and didn't know what they wanted.The staff is nice, even if you aren't filipino. They have specials, and fresh desserts/treats they make- so get them while they're hot and fresh from the fryer!Their menu isn't always the same, they usually have chicken and beef adobo, pancit, fish, fried fish, kare kare, dinuguan, etc. COMFORT FOOOOD.If you're not familiar they will "forget" the free sinigang soup! Be sure to insist because it increases the appetite and it TASTES SO GOOD!My friends ate it up, and were for certain they wanted to go back again. They quickly got tired of "Strip" food and insisted coming again. Will continue to return, of course :)
4	Can't complain about mounds of good tasting Filipino food at a very reasonable price.
4	Being Filipino and originally from Los Angeles, it is nice to have our own DJ here in Vegas.  DJ has all the staples, Kare-Kare, adobo, pancit, lechon and chocolate meat (a dish made with pork's blood)...lolThe prices are very reasonable, and it would be a great place to go if you have never eaten Filipino foods, for with the buffet style, you can easily explore and find out which dish you might like.Don't forget to oreder the Halo Halo for desert, to get the full effect...
4	I have never been to a filipino restaurant, so I really don't have anything to compare DJ Bibingkahan to.  I am glad we have a filipino friend in the group to introduce this cuisine to us.  Though... I still am not sure what I ate.  She pretty much went up to the line and pointed at various dishes.  Next thing I know, we have a whole table worth of food for the four of us and everything tasted great!
4	This place actually has become a place of tradition for us Ninjas escaping for lunch, or for when we have the urge or craving to have home town islander food. This is the place where my Hawaiian got a taste of the soup and has now learned how to make it himself because he loved it so much. It is a treat for us who come here to eat. Friendly staff and lots of food or large portions. I am always satisfied. Prices are just right. I prefer lunch on a quiet week day. No lines that's why. Tee hee. I love this place!
1	I wasn't impressed at all. I was so excited to eat here since it's been a while since I've had Filipino food. My husband and I went there for lunch before heading back home and the meat was tough. I got the mechado and bistek and he got the chicken adobo and bistek. We also got some lumpias and BBQ. The only thing we both agreed on liking was the BBQ. The place was very outdated, the seat cushions were ripped and torn and it looked dingy to me. Plus the customer service could've been alot better. The lady who put our order together seemed nice enough but the guy who rang up our order didn't even crack a smile. When we do visit  Vegas again, I wouldn't come back here. I gave it 1 star for the BBQ. Wish we went somewhere else. Very  disappointing and forgettable visit.
4	Yuuuuuuuummmm!!!Being Chinese with very traditional parents, I didn't grow up eating Filipino food but eventually gained an appreciation for it on my own back in high school.  So ever since I moved away from home (Guam), I've been on a mission to find some Filipino food that would remind me of where I first discovered my love for it.Inexplicably, the ones closest to me (in Carson, Torrance, etc.) all close very early, ranging from 5pm to 7pm.  And you never get fresh food if you go in right before closing.  So imagine my delight when hubby and I were in Vegas for his 40th bday celeb and we searched (and found) some highly lauded places.  We randomly picked BJ Bibingkahan and were so glad we did.The place doesn't look like much...you walk in and it's got the food bar where you order your plate and the it's a pretty sizeable dining room with a few scattered TV's playing Tagalog dramas and variety shows.  Although I'm very familiar with some of the foods, I still felt intimidated by the sheer size of the selection here at DJ Bibingkahan.  However, the friendly staff set us at ease, providing us with recommendations and samples.  We ended up over-ordering like we usually do at a new place and got the following:- Kare-kare (w/ the requisite bagoong on the side):  This version uses pigs feet.  It was delicious but I prefer mine with oxtail and tripe.  - Lechon kawali: This was really why we were there.  I could feel my arteries clog up but I'm sure the Diet Pepsi took care of cleaning the pipes!- Diniguan:  Hubby's first time trying this...minerally and delicious, containing mystery meats and organs.- Sisig:  Chopped pork, fat, skin in a vinegary sauce.  My fave!!- Palabok: This version was premade with thicker noodles.  They had some chopped lechon on top and it was still pretty bomb a few hours later in the hotel- Fried banana lumpia:  Surprisingly light due to using younger (tangy) bananas.  Addicting!We are definitely going back next time. Forget the strip: you can't beat the prices/selection/service here!
5	Another buffet that you should try!
4	In an effort to expand my horizons and tickle my international palate, this week, I decided to up my game a bit and go Filipino! It's no secret that one of my closest friends is Filipino, and I always joked with her that someday, I'd eat the food that is native to her country. Today, with some of my co-workers, we hit up DJ's. I don't really know what I ate, outside of the Pork Adobo and the spicy sausage, but I can assure you that this place is legit.Everything is served Panda Express style. Leave your health freaks at home. Also, leave your pretentious bitches at home. This is the kind of place where you bring the type of people who know all forms of culture (whether it's fine dining, or ghetto-tastic ethnic).You get a plate of rice, and two choices of entrees. "Free soup" as the server happily announces....and everything runs you about $6. Not bad at all.The Pork Adobo was damn flavorful! The other stew that I had, was made out of a peanut style sauce and makes my mouth water from just thinking about it.Las Vegas....you know how to cater to the ethnics.Pinoy Power!
4	While visiting Vegas, my pregnant self craved for filipino food. After a long search, we have found this restaurant and boy, this place cook real filipino food.  We had their soup, pansit, chicken adobo and eggroll..The employees definitely render good customer service and that's always a plus. Another great thing about this place, they give you big amount of food for cheaper price. "D
3	Clean and well-lit. Wide selection of Filipino dishes.
4	I've known about this place for well over 6-7 years but NEVER ate there before and now I REGRET it. I use to work down the street from it years ago. they are right beside a Thai BBQ place and, I'm sorry to say, when given an option between Filipino food or Thai food, I'm going to choose Thai every time. Silly me.This place was AMAZING though. I've eaten at 2 OTHER Filipino restaurants before and this place beats them in service and portion easily. The restaurant, as ALL Filipino restaurants usually are, is a lunch line style setting where you pick out what you want from behind glass/railing and place it on a tray. The waitress/server was very nice and even gave me a discount (it seemed). Whenever I go to places like this, I like to order the fish because it's hard to find a whole fish cooked for you for so cheap. I ordered 2 whole pieces of fish w/ 3 scoops of rice and she even threw in a FREE soup ALL for only $9-$10!!! Now the review:The Rice: Same as everywhere else just plain white rice but it was cooked well.The Fish: They seemed to have 3 different fish options in the line. I got the one with tomatoes, garlic, and ginger (I think). The fish was mostly deboned and the meat was great. The tomatoes/ginger sort of had an overpowering taste. But hey they give you free fish sauce upon request so that was good. Most places give you only 1 fish for $10 but this place gave me 2 for $9!!!The soup: Some type of homemade concoction with tomatoes, green beans, broth, other stuff I can't remember. The soup was OK  but the tomato/salty taste was a bit much. I felt like I had to drink a lot of water afterwards to get the taste out.The Drinks: My only REAL complaint. I asked for a water and they literally handed me a bottle of water. No filtered water with lemon and ice in a cup, just a bottle. It didn't help that I noticed the water they gave me was the CHEAPEST water you can buy at Wal-Mart. That "Nestle Pure Life" crap that my wife buys EVERY TIME we go to Wal-Mart only because it's the cheapest. It seems like they only have BOTTLED/CANNED drinks which I'm sure they charge and arm and a leg for. Where is the soda dispenser???So, all-in-all I'd suggest it for the price/portions but don't expect a REVELATION.
2	I just recently discovered Filipino food and fell totally in love. We actually live in the North Las Vegas area and there aren't any Filipino restaurants.That day we were heading out that way with family and thought we could try this place out since it had a lot of good reviews. I must say, we all weren't impressed at all. The location is very big and bright but its very old and didn't look very clean. The food was very very greasy, more than other Filipino places I have tried so far. The pork adobo was super dry and didn't have so much flavor. My brother in law ate just a little bit of his food and then didn't touch it. He said it tasted like it had been sitting out there for 3 days. It was a sad time and we all left very unsatisfied. I finished my sour soup and had some of the adobo but overall didn't have an enjoyable experience.
3	Well you need to realize that you're not going here for the ambiance. Cafeteria style with not much character besides whatever is being blasted out of the televisions. But the food is definitely worth it!The pork adobo was flavorful and tender. The best part is pouring the adobo juice over your rice- delicious! The pansit was very tasty as well. My only disappointment was that they were out of lumpias when I went. I was stoked with the friendly service and a huge plate of food for just under $8.
4	Socal tourist here, went down to Vegas for vacation with the fambam and the first thing we do is go eat, and what do we eat? Filipino food (if you haven't noticed my sarcastic tone yet I'm Filipino). We drive all the way down to Vegas and the food we eat right away was Filipino food -_-; well that's what I thought.Boy was I definitely hit by a truck. The food here was amazing. I don't know of many good Filipino in Socal other than good ol home cooked dishes, but this place is definitely authentic. I got their bistek and pork adobo and it tasted real; tasted just like my dad's cooking AND at a great price (was 4.99 or something for 2 dishes + rice + a cup of sinigang). I do NOT like sinigang, or any "sour" soup of any sorts but I went ahead and ate/drink theirs. Omg, was I hit by a train this time. Their sinigang was SO good. Not too sour and the taste was so gooooooooooood. Their portion sizes were good enough at the cheap price it's at.The place looks a bit old and it's not packed. There's plenty of space and plenty of food; however, not too many choices in terms of drinks. I don't think they even have halo halo either (I didn't check for bibingka either).This place deserves at least 4 out of stars. Great AUTHENTIC Filipino food and a great low price that isn't too busy. I will definitely go here whenever I go to Vegas, even if it's not with my family.
2	I was really excited to come here for lunch because 1) I rarely eat Filipino food in Minneapolis and 2) I was introducing two friends to Filipino food for the first time. Like other DJ's, the set-up is cafeteria style. We got a ton of food; my mom got a little too excited treating her baby to "home-cooked" Filipino dishes. The food itself is just OK; nothing really stood out except for the longganisa. The other dishes varied from being a tad too salty, or maybe a little greasy. In a pinch, it'll work. Just pour all that sodium over rice and you're good to go. However, I've definitely had better.
5	This place is awesome! (Sarap ng mga ulam) "delicious food"  at a great price. Great Filipino hospitality! When in Vegas,  forget the strip, go to DJ's bibingkahan for delicious Filipino food.
2	Back in 2004 i was a big fan of Dj Bibingkahan , i go here at least twice a week, but i stopped going here when they opened Sariling Atin ( Next Door ) they have  better food , great service! i havent visit this restaurant since 2006. so i dont know how's the taste of there food now...
4	Great Home Style Filipino Food...Come here twice a Month....:)
2	I feel bad about doing this (most of my reviews are 5 stars), but we ordered several viands from DJ's & all of them were grease factories with a bit of food in them. I don't remember flavor. I remember grease. There was so much grease on my lips I didn't need to put on lip gloss. Srsly I've tasted much better food in the Philippines - from  places that charge like $3 per meal.It's 'Filipino' to treat your friends/fam when they're in town, to drive them around, take them somewhere nice for a meal. DJ's is most probably where you would take them - if you secretly kind of hate them, for whatever reason (maybe they 'forgot' to reimburse you that $400, or they're spreading rumors about your spouse, or something).To homesick kabayans, don't waste your $ if you're looking for flavor or quality, or anything decent. You're better off eating Asian food from elsewhere & watching Wowowee at home.
4	A lot of good selections and conveniently near by where I live. Can't go wrong.
4	If you are looking for good no fuss filipino food this is the place...do not expect food catered to non-filipino patrons and spruced up restaurant...RJ gave good service behind the counter...i will definitely come again when i come back to Las Vegas...
3	If you want some AUTHENTIC Filipino Food this is def the place to go- I'm not going to lie, being in Restaurant Management this place could be a little cleaner but the food taste make up for it not to mention it is an older building. Service is not bad either. My grandparents have been going here for years as have I. Whenever I'm craving my home food and on this side of town(rarely) I hit this place for some good ol' flip grubbin.
3	The Panda Express of Filipino fast food. I been coming here since high school. they have more selections than the comparable Filipino restaurants around. I love coming here for breakfast because everything is fresh! I just wish they renovate the place or maintain it. Food is good but I'm just skeptic about what goes on in the back and overall cleanliness of the place. I'm from the Philippines tho so I don't mind much but for American standards it's something to think about.
4	This place has been here forever. I love this place, such a large selection. Big inside, lots of seating. Good food.
5	First timer here, had a great variety and large portions for a family of 5 with rice included. Will recommend to any Filipino food lover.
3	I don't know about this place...Food looks good, taste good and all..But the restaurant itself is sooo outdated and gross. We saw a bum just sitting, walking around, touching everything in the restaurant.. I say this because he smelled so foul!!! I'm sure that's not the first time they've let a homeless person just chill in their restaurant .. Seats are ripped and tapped up, tables are wobbly, EVERYTHING just looks old and dusty ..The restaurant needs some serious TLC but their food never disappoints .. Bittersweet feeling.
1	I got the fish and rice. And how good it looked. Within an hour or so I was in the emergency room with the worst case of food poisoning I've ever had. I was the hospital for 2 days. The effects lasted over a week, severe dizziness. Screw this place. Never again.
3	I remember going to this place since 2006, and the prices back then were much cheaper.  DJ Bibingkahan has a cafeteria style dining where you select your food (entries with rice and soup) then you pay afterwards.  I recently visited July 2014, and the place looks a bit outdated but the food quality still the same.  If you want fast, cheap, authentic Filipino food in Las Vegas, then DJ Bibingkahan is the place to be.
5	Masarap dito Kaso kalangan talaga ma renovate yung facility nila. The overhead menu is broken and dusty. The person in charge of cleaning the tables is not present and consistent. Water machine nila needs to be replaced. Pero Kung gusto mo mag splurge sa Masarap at mura pagkain punta kayo dito.
5	The man that helped us out was super nice and really went out of his way to make sure we got everything we needed. It was my first time trying Filipino food, and I wanted to grab as many selections as possible, so I got 4 combo plates. At $7.50 each. It was super cheap and each combo was served with 2 huge portions of sticky white rice. There will be leftovers for days. Tons of food.My favorite items were as follows, and in the order of my extreme approval:Dinguguan...made with organ meat, I believe, minerally, rich, and fabulous. Loved it. It was my favorite thing. The gravy was just magnificent. I want more now.Sisig Lechon...the delicate pork skin, fat, and meat, chopped, and blended with crunchy, tangy veg and a vinegary sauce to cut the stickiness of the fat..so flipping good. I'm still drooling.Binagoongan...reminded me of a delicious spicy beef stew..lots of hunks of yummy fat, and it was nicely spiced with jalapenos..but very mild. The meat nearly melted i my mouth.Lechon...what can i say? These little nuggets of pork fat, skin, and meat are some of my favorite things. Kind of like cracklin' from down in the dirty South, but with a little more meat on them. They came with a yummy duck sauce, and made me super happy.Kare Kare...normally made with ox tail, this one was done with pork hocks..and was so fatty and rich...the thick sauce really coated my mouth with this sticky wonderful flavor. There was also some nice veg in this dish. Loved it, and would definitely order again.Caldereta...was spicy, flavorful, and seemed to be very exotic. I enjoyed it. It was difficult to navigate the many small bones in this dish, but it was worth it, and the guy actually warned about them when the order was made. Very tasty. I did find an over sized slice of ginger in there, and a few bay leaves. No worries though, as I was already minding the bones.Pinakbet...maybe a little too exotic for me. It was a nice dish for someone adventurous. The one ingredient that turned me off, was the Amapalya, a bitter melon. I had never tasted it before, so I'm assuming it's an acquired taste. There were also lovely green beans in this, egg plant, and bits of pork. Interesting to say the least.Liang...this is likely another one of those dishes that is an acquired taste, made with taro, which i was not fond of already. It reminds me a little bit of green tea, very herbal, and exotic, but I liked it a bit more with a hot vinegar sauce shaken on it at home, like I'd do my collard greens. I'm not knocking it though. I'm sure it's pretty authentic.My only regret, was that I really wish there would have been a selection of dessert items to choose from today. I'm sure there were a few things I would have loved to try. Next time maybe. :) I will definitely be back for more.Thank you for the experience. xoxo
5	After church, my wife and I were hungry and we decided to come here. Their food is served cafeteria style where you pick and choose what entrees you want with your starch (think panda express style). My fav dish here is their laing (taro leaves in coconut milk). Their spread is the usual fair (adobo, kare-kare, squid guisado, dinuguan, pancit, fried bangus, etc.) Their plates run between $6-$8 which is a good deal. Their bibingka here is the BOMB! I would say this is probably in the top 5 of desserts in Vegas I've tried. The portion for $4.50 can easily be shared by 4 people. Its soft and and buttery with a nice cake consistence.  2 entree plate and a bibinkgka for lunch?....yes please!
