5	I am a "well adjusted" patient of Kaizen and appreciate all the amenities that they have to offer.  Dr. Steve has been my chiropractor for many years and has been effective in my preventive care.  I suggest his practice to all of my family and friends.
5	I had the opportunity yesterday to visit Kai-Zen a wellness center located in South Scottsdale. They offer Yoga, Skin Care, Massage Therapy, Acupuncture, and Chiropractic services. I was instantly greeted the moment I walked through the door by a lady named Sharon. She made me feel very welcomed and carried a friendly conversation with me until I went in for my appointment. I had an appointment with April a licensed Massage Therapist. April performed a 60min full body massage. I have to say I was very impressed. April for the beginning asked me what areas that I need to focus on. She also asked me the level of pressure I could handle. April made me feel very comfortable and relaxed through the whole process. She used warm oils that felt so soothing. The room was cozy and quiet wile soft music was playing in the background. When I was done she thanked me for coming in along with almost everyone who worked there. This wellness facility has created a comforting environment for healing. I think part of this is because it is run by a great team.
5	I've known Dr Steve for 9 years.  He cares more about someone's health than they do at times.  He is a trusted friend and health care partner.  The staff is awesome too with lots of opportunities to regain or maintain your health.
5	wow! who knew.  I've been suffering with knee and calf muscle pain which has put a crimp in my activities for over 2 years..  I ran into Dr. Steve at a seminar and found out... can you believe I never knew this?  that Chiropractic treats more than just back problems.. That's right joints too.  Well, I've been seeing Dr Steve for a few weeks now and NO MORE KNEE PAIN.. I can speed walk, bicycle, dance and my back and neck feel more flexible too.  I'm now a chiro-lifer.  Thanks Dr. Steve.  I spent months in physical therapy a couple of years ago and YOU not they were able to take away my pain and let me continue with my active life.  Thanks.
5	Dr Steve Hruby is one of a kind. He is extremely knowledgeable and very caring. I have been in and around the chiropractic community since 1978, and I can honestly say that he is my favorite chiropractor ever. He has a thirst for knowledge and is constantly improving on an already awesome base. In addition, his practice is run very efficiently and harmoniously. I highly recommend Kai Zen.
5	Dr. Hruby and his staff are more than amazing!  Such a general touch, soft adjustment, multiple options for treatment and complimentary services abound.  I cannot strongly enough encourage people to utilize the services provided by Kai-Zen Wellness.  If you want to take your health, your wellness, to the next level... Kai-Zen will get you to where you want to be!
5	I  had a severe neck flareup recently from a previous auto accident last July. Previously, I had 6 months of physical therapy by a different vendor. During the recent flareup I was directed to  Dr. Steve and after the first treatment I was 50% better. What a difference compared to the 6 months of physical therapy.  I would highly recomend Dr. Steve.  His knowledge, expertise and state of the art medical equipment is simply outstanding. Give him a chance to help you through your pain and suffering. You won't be disappointed, this I promise you. He is very understanding and patient and makes one feel at ease and confident in his abilities. Thanks, Dr. Steve, you are outstanding in your field!Thomas Johnson
5	Just met Dr. Steve. This guy is awesome. Equal parts bookworm, tech geek and wellness practitioner, he is a much bigger package than 'Chiropractor' implies. He spent over an hour with me to talk whole body, and clearly define his role in helping clients maintain good health through healthy habits. His facility has several support practitioners who share his vision of wellness. Just in this one visit his patients, sorry 'clients', were offering him high fives, pats on the back and hugs after their treatments. Can't believe I'm his first review in over a year! Come on people!!!Long story short... This is no run of the mill back popper. Dr. Steve is on my permanent practitioners list.
5	Kai Zen is essential in my feeling my best. My back used to get thrown out a few times a year to the point where I could barely get out of bed. But since I have been following Dr. Steve's treatment plan my back hasn't gone out in years and I feel much better.
5	Dr. Steve has cared for my kids and myself for several years. He's amazing! He truly listens and cares. He is a good man with a huge heart, loving family & just an incredibly smart and trustworthy medical professional!
5	Dr. Steve has been my chiropractor for years & he is amazing.  His office is very conveniently located,  extremely comfortable & professional.  I highly recommend Kai-Zen.
5	Doctor Steve is knowledgeable and takes a very holistic approach, incorporating physical therapy and the latest technology to compliment traditional chiropractic adjustments. The difference this makes is noticeable and the results have been excellent.
5	I wish there were more stars to give! Dr Steve is by far the best chiropractor I've been to. I'm a travel nurse on an assignment in Chandler and I hadn't been to a chiropractor in years but decided it was time to get my body back into shape. I found Dr Steve on yelp and I am so happy I did. To start, Carmen and Anasia are super helpful. Anasia knows what she is doing and both of them greet you with a smile always. Dr Steve is great as well, he is very intelligent but warm and friendly, he also remembered my name everytime I came in. Just like some of the other Yelp poster's said, he spends quite a bit of time with you and is very invested in your care; he certainly is very busy but I never felt rushed by any of the staff. He has young and old coming to him and I think that's a compliment to his treatment style. I appreciated his passion for results and working as a "team" with me; He even offered to do some research on kinesio tape that I asked him about so we might be able to incorporate it into my treatment. I felt like he appreciated my input as to how I was feeling and he always answered any questions I had. He's very much into a holistic type of care. He has the up to date technology but also has the natural/holistic too. He put me on a program of several times a week and within the first few visits I was already in a better mood and sleeping soundly. He also has insight into diet and making your whole body better not just doing the physical manipulation.  Everybody that I met there was happy and felt great, so that obviously shows something about Dr Steve's skills as a chiropractor.I recently went on vacation then found out I was moving. I was so busy I didn't have time to call and let them know; but then they called me concerned about how I was doing because I hadn't been in lately. Now how often do you get that from a healthcare professional?? :)If it wasn't for my job moving me around I would continue to come here. It was worth every penny and more!! I cannot say enough about Dr Steve and his clinic!
5	If you are considering chiropractic as part of your health care routine, I highly recommend meeting with Dr. Steve Hruby.  Having previous spine/back injuries I had seen other chiropractors regularly in the past with mixed results  but after 5 years as a patient I have never felt better then I do under Dr. Steve's care. Dr. Steve is thorough and caring and takes a genuine interest in each and every one of his patients. His adjustments are as good as they come and he offers the best technology available to support his manual adjustments.I also have taken advantage of the other wellness services offered at Kai-Zen, including acupuncture, stretch therapy, and massage.  Annette the acupuncturist is the absolute best and her treatments have helped me to nearly eliminate allergies and several other medical concerns. The Kai-Zen team treats you like family while providing an exceptional level of professional care. Appointments are easy and the hours are very flexible!
5	I met Dr.Steve Hruby several years ago when I Injured my lower back and someone recommended to go see Dr. Hruby. Dr. Hruby got me back on my feet and pain free in a very short time. He is amazing, the staff is great and I encourage everyone to utilize his services. If you are serious about health and wellness Kai-Zen is the place. I will not go anywhere else.
5	I love Dr. Steve's approach to his wellness center!! The room is set up community style with a couple of tables, stretching areas and other really cool gadgets and machines.He offers a monthly membership type of payment option, which helps to keep the prices very fair!!And his assistant Anaija is also amazing!Not only am I feeling better physically when I walk out the door, but I've often made a new friend too!!Kai Zen is a great community chiropractic wellness center that I am happy to my home clinic :)
5	I have sent countless patients to Dr Steve to date. I do so and continue to do so because he is truly the best. He is caring, thorough, precise and education oriented. He works with babies, kids and adults of all age.  A healthy nervous system is paramount to one's vitality and longevity.  Thanks to Dr Steve for ALL your love and care!
5	I love the energy and atmosphere of Kai Zen.The staff are very professional and personable. I'm happy to recommend my friends and family here.
5	I can't say enough about how well Dr. Steve accomplishes what his profession is purposed to do and that is : TO GET YOU BACK ON YOUR FEET AND ENJOYING LIFE ONCE MORE!  Allow me to explain... I had been rear-ended while stopped at a traffic light. The individual, who slammed into me, was going about 40 mph. The EMT wanted to take me to the hospital. I had a headache but otherwise seemed ok. I refused to go.  About 4 days later I experienced a severe flare-up. Could not raise/lower/turn my neck, etc. Was taken to ER.  They ran bunch of tests, etc.  I stayed over night.  I was then advised to get physical therapy. I did, 3x weekly for almost 5 months. The result?  I still had alot of stiffness, etc. I begin to wonder if I would ever  get back to how I felt prior to the accident. Then my daughter  reccomended  Dr. Steve  Hruby.  At first I was somewhat reluctant. I thought: "What can he do? Iv'e already wasted over 5 months trying to get better. Anyway, my daughter convinced me that Dr. Steve WILL eradicte the pain/stiffness. AM I GLAD I WENT!  After only one treatment, yes only one, I was 50% better.  In a matter of less than one month, going 3x weekly, I was 100% +  better. YES...this is the truth! I said to Dr. Steve and myself:  " I'm so glad my daughter told me about you!"  Now I'm telling everyone who reads my testimony, that when you are hurting (neck, back, headaches, etc. ) don't hesitate. Go...I guarantee you:  Dr. Steve WILL bring you back to 100%+. That you will get back on YOUR FEET and begin enjoying life once more.  THANK YOU Dr. Steve.Thomas Johnson
