4	This place is total fast food and normally I stay far, far away from fast food.  That is of course, unless I see the words tofu and/or vegetarian on the menu.  AWESOME.  We ordered tofu dogs and vegetarian poutine.  I have to admit that the veggie dogs were so real (ok, so I haven't eaten a real hot dog in about 14 years so they probably weren't but hey...) that I got freaked out for a second.   I had regular fries, while my husband got the poutine, fries with brown gravy and cheese curds.  Both were hand cut fries.  For fast food this place is pretty awesome, and pretty damn cheap too.  We spent about $10 for three veggie dogs, an order of poutine, regular fries and two drinks.  Not too shabby.
1	Not exactly the best place to come for a burger and fries...my burger was dry, tasteless, it had the texture of cardboard...and the fries were soggy, and almost burnt, I would not be surprised if they were reheated...Lafleur for me is a one-time thing...been there...never coming back.
1	It takes either a spectacularly good or spectacularly bad place for me to bother reviewing it. This was the latter. Inedible even for fast food. They put at least 1/4 cup of mayonnaise on my veggie burger- both sides of the bun. Vile. They certainly don't skimp on the amount of fries they give you, but they were all soggy and didn't even resemble something that had been fried. They were just a big pile of soggy mess (a really big pile, but more of something horrible isn't really a benefit). They tasted awful and I had to throw away most of them. And throwing away french fries is a tragedy. But not with these.I can't imagine where the other reviewers were eating, but this place is just terrible.
3	While experiencing Montreal, I saw a sign for Poutine. After falling in love with the gravy and cheesey goodness, i set on a mission to try different places that serve Poutine. Not the fanciest place in the slightest, seems to me its like a McDonalds of some sort. I order a few various varieties of Poutine, some were a bit whierd to me. Like the spaghetti sauce one, but all in all, this place is serviceable for a quick Poutine fix.
2	When u have the munchies you'll eat pretty much anything right?! Well... This is what anything taste like. Dry patties, almost no condiments in burgers. I guess they can make ok hot dogs. I'll stick to that next time I'm up at 2am
