4	I haven't been to a Hard Rock since I was 14 or 15... back in the days when it was SUPER cool to sport your Hard Rock Orlando t-shirt, much to the envy of your banana-clip clad friends. I was tasked over Thanksgiving with finding a joint that we consider to be "mom-friendly", since my Mom isn't really a foie gras and fondant kind of lady. I actually hate foie gras too, but you get the idea. I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised by how good the food was at the Hard Rock Cafe at Station Square. Can you believe it? The fries were great and the music wasn't too loud. This is the best decision when you don't want to go to one of the 7 sports bars the area offers to unhappily wedge yourself in a sea of beer-soaked Steelers jerseys. Big up to the Hard Rock! I almost bought a t-shirt just for the camp factor.
4	I went here with a group of friends on a Friday night before heading out to a local club in Station Square. We were seated much quicker than I thought that we would be and like Bernadette D. said, the music is kept to a good level where you can actually talk to the people at your table.  The food was pretty good.  Of course, the price was a little bit higher than if you went to an ordinary restaurant in a residential area, but you have to expect to pay a little bit more if you are going to the Hard Rock.  The mixed drink that I ordered was very good and the wait service for drinks was quick.  Also, we didn't wait a long time for our food, despite the busy-ness of the restaurant.  Overall, it was a good experience. I'd go back.
4	fantastic service good food
5	Come on, Hard Rock?Seriously, you remember when it was the coolest place to go.  My son is infatuated with guitars and music, so why not.  I have to admit it was a bit for me as well.I'm glad we went.  I even resisted, "son under the Hard Rock signage" photos.  He was more interested in watching Cracker set up their instruments on stage anyway.Our order:South of the Border Burger w/fries and side salad.Mushroom, Grilled onions, and Cheese Burger w/fries.Kid MacaroniOur service was perfect.  Never waited for food, refills, or our check.  Large enough portions, we were able to bring home half.Everything was fresh and very hot.  Excellent flavor.I was so surprised to get this quality from a chain restaurant.Hard Rock - Pittsburgh rocked it out!
3	The location of this Hard Rock restaurant is ok it is by a river and shopping area, not too bad on that front.Food and merchandise is the same as any other Hard Rock which is usually good. I guess my main beef is that I did not like Pittsburgh and the regional area people call the 'Rust Belt' of the country.
1	If you're healthy food conscious and like a less institutionalized ambiance this is not the place for you. My son and I ordered and split the vegie burger and the salmon. The best part of dinner was the glass of red wine, and the salmon was ok. Ok for American hamburgers and steaks I guess. We didn't try them. Our waitress was really attentive and sweet, and helped to salvage our dining experience. Oh, and the food was ready rather quickly. I'd recommend that there be a few fresh spring greens and arugala on the menu for us grass eaters.
4	Great location. Hard Rock Cafe fare is good. Nice place to hear a band and relax. Anyone that complains about healthy food choices should know that if you want to eat healthy, you don't eat out. ....and to lower a rating because it is in Pittsburgh? You are ranking the cafe, not the town. Ordered spicy mac and cheese with chicken, chicken fajitas, beef nachos, all very good for bar fare. Drinks are expensive so bring some $$. Servers are top notch and that announcer is a scream......
5	Great food and great outdoor seating by the fountain!
2	Same average food tourist trap as all the other Hard Rocks I've been to. This place is really, really small. They do make really good drinks though. What really pissed me off was every time I went to the bar to get a drink I kept getting carded. I know I look young, but damn! I am over thirty! What this place has going for it is location and that's about it. Go to The Melting Pot instead, you'll be much happier!
2	Bad for even for a hard rock, not as impressive as other Hard Rocks in terms of atmosphere but food is predictably similar.  Service was slow and the order for a table of eight came out in waves over 5 minutes kind of disappointing.  But maybe it is because I dislike theme restaurants but anyway you don't have many choices for groups in the area and this had seating for 8 so it goes.  One big plus was they gave each person individual bills, and they suggested it so that was a great favor.
3	Service was lackluster, I stood there for about 5 minutes without being acknowledged, I finally found a hostess and was directed to the bar for a take out order. Had a Cobb salad, it was OK, nothing special, although the portion was really generous. It was 10 bucks. It's close to the Sheraton, it's main selling point. Eh, it's OK, nothing great.  The bartender, I think her name was Erica, handled being hit on by a sort of creepy guy with great aplomb and diplomacy.
2	The Hard Rock Cafe in Station Square offers a brunch buffet on the mornings when the Pittsburgh Steelers have a home game playing at 1 pm. This review is specifically about  their buffet, not the regular menu.Following the genre of music, I'd say to the Hard Rock Cafe, "Don't quit your day job." Most of the other guests in the restaurant were ordering off the menu, so I'd say its a pretty universal opinion.For about $16, the buffet was unremarkable. In the warmers, they had premade scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, hash browns, french toast sticks and pierogies. There was a small collection of pastries, muffins, and bagels -- only butter and cream cheese for the bagels. Two cooks helped with omelets -- they had their pans filled with a partially cooked egg and cheese mixture, to which they would add peppers, tomatoes, ham or bacon. The result was a very fast but very dense/flat "cooked-to-order" omelet. There was also a bowl of cut up fruit. Next to the omelets was also some kind of beef roast that would be carved on request. I guess this is what made the buffet "brunch" instead of "breakfast."Basic institutional fare: the french toast was dry (there was some warm syrup you could add), scrambled eggs in big cakes of egg, selection of pastries/muffins very minimal (e.g., two kinds of Danish), no toast, no English muffins, no cereal (hot or cold), no pancakes, no waffles, few bagel toppings. No egg beaters, egg whites or eggs besides omelets/scrambled. The fruit looked (and tasted) like it came from a can with the usual syrup. No other deserts or fresh fruit. The beef was well cooked (i.e., well done) and a bit dry but tasted ok -- it would help if they had knives to cut the meat rather  than just the butter knife provided. Perhaps the one outstanding good thing was the pierogies with onions. If you got the ones on top, they were pretty good. The ones on the bottom of  the warming tray got so hard that you could barely cut them with the utensils.Service was fine -- the cooks at the buffet were prompt and the servers took away plates and refilled drinks. I don't think they refilled the buffet table -- looks like it got filled in the morning and stayed that way thru game time. I did hear a football trivia game going on in the room next door, if you like that kind of thing.Be aware of parking -- it's hourly at the east end and a flat $10 "event" at the west. If you are there only for the food, go east. Staying for the game, head west.If you want the Hard Rock menu, I'd say "enjoy." If you'd like something in a buffet before the game (or on Sundays without games), I'd point you to the Grand Concourse just down the block. It's $25, but a lot more for your money.
4	It's official, Pittsburgh has the smallest hard Rock Cafe in the entire chain. But, it's also got one of the best collection of memorabilia of any of them. I've been to many HRC all over the country and even though it's small I think ours is the nicest. The outdoor patio overlooking that great Pittsburgh skyline, the 60 foot black and gold Strat that sits proudly on top of the building, but what I want to know is, what moron traded the famous Studio 54 Sun that sat proudly inside the HRC since it's opening back the the NYC HRC? Silly move! Anyway the food's gotten better, and they've added a decent veggie burger. Desserts are always a great thing at HRC. and who can pass up buying a famous pin at the gift shop, or proudly wearing a Hard Rock Pittsburgh T shirt when visiting an out of town HRC?
4	Prices are a bit high but the food is great and the shows are fun!
3	Food is pretty good, but a little expensive.   The service is usually friendly and the restaurant is smaller, but I continue to go back anyhow.  Could be better, but definetely not bad.
4	Came here to see a show, and decided to come early because we figured why not eat here if we are going here.  Turned out it was a good decision.Ordered the lettuce wraps and nachos for appitizer.  Both were good, but the wraps should have had more chicken with it.  The nachos were great though. For dinner i had some chicken which was delicious. Definatly cant complain about the food here.  Then the atmosphere for the show was also great.
2	Kind of bland food. Hard veggie burger. Again, bland.
3	Fun place to eat at.  Large burgers with a hefty price - $12+.   Add $3 if you want to substitute onion rings, $2 more for caramelized onions.  They have barbecue ribs/pulled pork on the menu along with steaks.  Not sure if I would pay almost $25 for a steak here.  Thick Milk Shakes for $6.  Had a chocolate one tonight.  I wouldn't call it thick but it was decent.  They also have brownie sundaes and a few other deserts on the menu (all premium priced).
2	Atmosphere always great, food tasted ok a little better than most chain restaurants.  Expensive not a lot of food for the price.
3	Recently came here as part of a large group.  I wasn't really expecting much, but the Hard Rock exceeded my expectations.  Service was fast and the servers were attentive.  The house salad here was comprised of some simple mixed greens, onions, and a sliced tomato.  Not bad.I then ordered the Chicken Marsala.  Surprisingly good.  The chicken was cooked just right and grilled to perfection.  It came accompanied with mushrooms, green beans and pasta.  All quite good.  If I came here again, I would totally order this.  Overall, Hard Rock is a great place to meet large groups of people.  They also are positioned in Station Sq., which provides great views of the city.
5	Used to work there and still think that the food is awesome. Place is very clean, energetic and has an awesome drink menu.
4	Hard Rock Cafe is one of the best places to chill in while at Station Square; it's comfy, stylish, and always has classic rock music vids and songs playing on the TVs they've set up around the place. I've been here for both lunch and dinner and both times I've left ready to go back and eat another meal (which then never happens just due to the fact that Station Square is a bit of a pain to get to and park in); it had been a few years between my only two visits here, though, so I'm wondering if they changed the menu up since I last ate here. I seem to remember the options in terms of food being a bit smaller during my first visit. Well, either way, I was happy to find such a varied menu when I returned - burgers, salad, delicious looking sandwiches, fish - my table easily sat in silence for ten minutes just mulling over what we wanted to eat. I settled on a Goat Cheese Chicken Salad Sandwich. I can't say this is something I've seen served at many other places, and it was really, really good. Very unique. It went well with my fantastic berry margarita. However, an important note about making dinner plans based on my personal preferences - if possible, when you visit or make a reservation, ask in advance if there's going to be a show during your meal. Not so much because the show will be bad and you'll need to avoid it - I mean, it IS called the Hard Rock Cafe - but because, well, if you're looking for a restaurant to just sit, eat and chat with friends, then you need to be prepared for the fact that the Cafe will soon transform from a nice place to do exactly that into a noisy distracting high-class bar. This nearly happened to my group; we had gone to this place specifically to celebrate a friend's birthday, but any time someone tested the mics we couldn't even hear ourselves think. We ran out just before the show started.But really, I can't hold that against the Cafe, and overall it really is one of the nicest chains to eat at in Pittsburgh. Now maybe I'll find the motivation to make my way back to Station Square to eat here again sooner rather than later.
2	I was excited to see what rock memorabilia they'd have here.I had the pleasure of dining next to Fred Durst's hat.  Come on.The food is good standard bar food, this is a good venue to see a band at, but do heed my advice and pre game (then cab!  stay safe!) bc the drinks are a little pricey.There are better drinking/eating options in St Square.  I didn't hate the Hard Rock, but it's one of those restaurants I wouldn't really go to unless I had a reason to go there, ie friends band playing, friends bday and they REALLY want to go to the Hard Rock, etc.
2	Hamburger so so, onion rings burnt
4	Truly a kind hearted review of four stars. A fan of Hard Rock Cafe's it's hard to give them any less, however today's Fish & Chips should have been sent back to the kitchen. Greasy and over cooked on one side, my stomach hours later remains flip flopping and unsettled. Yes, I will go back. But I will not be ordering the Fish & Chips.
2	I do not understand why the Hard Rock Cafe (HRC) is an oft-used venue for bachelorette and birthday parties. WHY? Every single time I go to Hard Rock, there is at least one overdressed table of ladies with phallic hats and party favors wearing buttons that say something like "team bride." As a side note, ladies... just stop it with this crap.  You're not being creative, you're not funny.  Step outside of the bride-to-be box. That being said, in order to actually get a table at HRC you must wait.  Often long times, too because aforementioned parties take up a great deal of space in HRC's small dining room. The food is decent but boring.  I've enjoyed their twisted mac n' cheese and large salads. The specialty drinks are way overpriced and have contain little alcohol.  I don't mind expensive cocktails if they pack a bang for your buck (see: Acacia). But HRC favorites like the "Mosh Pit" (gin, citron vodka, basil, strawberries) tasted like pureed strawberries and nothing else.  I reluctantly sent it back and swapped it for a beer. As with most HRCs, they have bands play on weekend nights.  Be aware, if you come for a late dinner then be prepared to either (1) eat quickly or (2) pay the ticket price for seeing the show.  This is all well and good but if you have a party that has waited over an hour to be seated only to be rushed out the door, there is no chance in actually enjoying yourself.  I was prepared to give HRC one star.  Why the two?  Because despite the tourist-trap prices, the long wait times, and overpriced drinks, the Hard Rock hires some very patient and friendly staff. They're really great. So there's that.  Unfortunately the nice waiters aren't enough for me to ever go there on my own volition. You will only catch me there if I'm at a friend's birthday party.  And I am so stealing a few bites of his or her free sundae.
4	Hard Rock is a great place to enjoy lunch or dinner, especially when it's nice out and you can eat outside. They also have an indoor patio so you can get views of the city while inside.On Friday, I had the pleasure of spending the afternoon with my 2 year old niece. For some reason, Hard Rock was my first choice (mostly because I planned on the incline & Mt Washington as well). The hostess and server were so kind and sweet. They made sure my niece felt like a princess (I believe Jess was our server). We enjoyed dinner outside and loved the views of Pittsburgh. My niece also loved seeing the birds that stopped by for a visit near HRC :) We shared the chicken club sandwich which comes with fries and it was yummy. The fries weren't too hot (same as my last visit) but hey nothing's perfect. We still enjoyed our meal & my niece enjoyed eating dinner in the big city. Jess even made sure to write a note on our bill to enjoy our afternoon. *Thanks for a great memory with my shining star, HRC.
1	Food is very average there, but even worse are the bar tenders.In an attempt to refer to the bartenders by name instead of "hey you" or "thanks to you" I was advised that "we don't like to be called by name". I was taken aback and thought they were joking at first but as the night wore on, their attitude and limited customer service skills were lacking.I happened to be standing next to a local sports star when he was attempting to make eye contact so the bartender at least knew he was there and was rudely told that I will get to you.In a service industry I was pretty shocked at their attitude and even more surprised at a name like Hard Rock, looks to me like you should be blessed to be patronizing their establishment.With the entire entertainment down the street, you would think they are trying to compete for the spend, but thats not the case.
3	My friends and I went here before our night out in Station Square for a bachelorette party. We were VERY entertained by our server and other employees. We played games against the other bachelorettes. Our server was great for the number of people we had. Food was ok. I've never really been a fan of Hard Rocks food but we did enjoy ourselves.
3	Went on a Sunday afternoon, was seated promptly but waited over 40 minutes for our food. The waitress was very apologetic about it and we got our meals for free though. The food was surprisingly really good though.  We got a chicken salad and chicken tenders.  You can`t beat the view!
5	I will give Hard Rock Cafe an extra star for responding to reviews, which (at least the way I see it) means that they care what their guests think about the food and service.  Hard Rock Cafe has a well-advertised atmosphere, so if you go there expecting something different, then you deserve to be disappointed (see reviews regarding wedding groups, of which we were one).  A little noisy, but again, expected.  We had burgers and sides, which were all good.  Service was good.  Parking is easy (short walk).  My actual rating is 4.5 stars, 1/2 star off for automatic tip (we had a large party). I understand why they do it, but a tip is payment for excellent service.  Mandatory tip is just extra cost.
4	My friends and I had lunch after the duck tour. The honey mustard chicken sandwich was very good. Burgers and chicken fingers were also very good. Mac and cheese sounded good but was disappointing. The cheese sauce was not thick enough and not cheesy enough. I had the best mojotio at the Aruba Hard Rock Cafe on vacation. I was so looking forward to this drink and it was just ok. We sat outside and it was a beautiful view of the city. Service was good.
4	It's a hard rock. We went for an early dinner on a Friday. There was no wait for a table and we were seated promptly. The waitress was efficient and not overly friendly. The food came very quickly and was served hot and fresh. The only true gripe I have is that hard rocks in general are over priced. The food is the same at all of the chain restaurants. I would prefer to hit up an Applebee's and save a few bucks.
3	An ok touristy place to eat in a touristy section of Pittsburgh.If you are one of those people that has to have a Hard Rock Cafe T from every place you go then I guess this is the place for you, otherwise, the food is over-priced for the quality.  There is a nice view of the dancing fountain if you are sitting outside.  There are much better restaurants in Pittsburgh where I would rather be.
4	If you enjoy other Hard Rock cafes you will have a very similar experience here. The food is typical -nothing spectacular but nothing bad too - the service is fast and polite, while the outside patio is extremely nice when the weather is good.  It faces right at the fountain and the river and it is really really nice.  The music is nice (at least for whoever likes rock apparently :)) and there was nothing really bad associated with my experience there.
3	We liked looking at all the music memorabilia but we were not fans of their nachos. It was the bean and sauce mixture. In the future if I wind up at another HRC I will order them with out the beans and sauce because the rest of it was decent. This location was at the Station Square that overlooked the river and downtown Pittsburgh. It was a good location for sitting on the patio and watching a water show that played with the music. Our server wasn't busy so she was overly attentive - to the point of seriously annoying. Overall, it was ok and not a terrible experience.
3	I came here yesterday, and had a great hot dog meal. Today, at first I went to Houlihan's, looked at their terrible "design" and small menu, and decided to come back. This is just the introduction. Nothing much intended here.We were seated immediately. No wait at all. We were seated in the back of the restaurant, in which it was a little cool, but aside from that the records and album covers and fancy electric guitars were really cool. Of course, to every good thing a bad. The walls were bricks, and I'm sorry but I just don't like bricks.Then we hit a slope. At first, our waitress was really nice and didn't take any time at all to take our drinks and orders. Then, we didn't see her for 10 minutes at least. She walked around us and near us, but never to our table. Slopes = -1 stars, and that's why I had it at three stars at this time.The food, of course, was great again, but it just wasn't the kind of wait we wanted. I'm looking for better restaurants. Station Square is cool, Hard Rock is cool, our waitress was NOT cool. Go to the Melting Pot.
2	Like any Hard Rock Cafe, i go there to buy a souvenir glass or a t-shirt and avoid the food.Went there for a "business" dinner. Service is OK, food is like an average cafeteria: greasy, food quality is below average, portions are ok.Free refills for sodas (and water).
1	When to the Hard Rock today for dinner with the family.  I have to say at first we were very excited to eat there. That excitement quickly went down hill.  When we first went in we were told that we had to eat outside because the band was doing a sound check. There were other propel eating inside why couldn't we? Anyway once seated our waitress quickly took our drink orders and didn't return for  at least 10 mins! We asked if the restaurant had a allergen menu and we were told No! The waitress did offer to ask about things but seemed bothered by our questions. After we ordered it took forever to get our food . It was ok but not worth the 13 bucks for a cheeseburger and soggy fries. Our waitress only stopped by our table once and said and I quote " everything is ok here right?" And took off before we could answer. It's not like the place was even busy! We spoke with the manager after dinner about the service and insisted on discounting the check which was very kind of him. When our waitress  brought our new check we realized she even over charged us for a drink we didn't order! Avoid this Hard Rock! There is much better for and service in station square! Overall   2 out of 10Food    3 out of 10Service    0 out of 10
4	I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food at this location in Pittsburgh- actually, I was close to stunned by how good my food was. Typically, one goes to the Hard Rock for the experience, for the venue, for the music, and for fairly decent bar food. On the contrary, my experience here this weekend was all about the good food. I had the vegetarian burger, which can equipped with portobello mushroom, a huge grilled red pepper as well as some other grilled veggies. The flavor was incredible- I'm sure that I tasted a hint of steak sauce. At first, I bit into the burger and I thought the portobello was actual steak (I'm a vegetarian, so I was somewhat worried)- that was how good the flavor was. The fries were well above par as well, along with the coleslaw, which I typically don't even like. The service was not great and everything was overpriced ($13 for veggie burger and fries and $3.50 for a soda), however I need to let them off the hook because it's Hard Rock and the food definitely rocks! I'm not in Station Square often, but I need to stop in here again.
4	Awesome food!  Nice atmosphere. Service was 'ok'. This wad our first hard rock experience.  We would return. :)
1	The drinks are good but the service is way too bad. The bartender are rude and show an attitude without caring for your drink. I would give 5 start for food, but the service without attention is no good for the restaurant. The bartender name was Katie.
4	Tradional american food, the service was good Our waiter was very friendly, the food came out pretty quick.  They have a nice selection of cocktails, I had the strawberry basil mojito very good.  Sometimes they have live music there , theres a nice outside area to eat where you can enjoy the fountain.  Theres a gift shop in the front of the restaurant where you can shop all the hard rock mercandise.
5	Always a pick for me. Been around the world ! Been to 25 ! Even though its a chain its worth a visit
3	The location of this Hard Rock was great - right next to the river with a huge Christmas tree out front. The best part was what I ordered: the local legendary. Wow! A huge cheese burger with onions and MASHED POTATOES! That's right, mashed potatoes! It was amazing! And messy! The downside of this Hard Rock was the location we were in, we were put in the back where there were next to no music memorabilia and we could not see or hear the live music. It was crowded. The service was relatively good. I'd go again just to have that amazing burger!
2	Friendly staff but the food was mediocre at best -- and certainly not worth the overinflated prices. Regretted that we didn't walk another 25 yards to the Buca di Beppo.
