5	Great place to stop for lunch for vegetarians!  All the soups were vegetarian and there were 2 sandwich choices as well.  I had a grilled sandwich with swiss cheese, white peaches and onions, delicious!The interior is airy with mid-century / industrial fixtures and about 50% of the chairs appear to be genuine Eames fiberglass with a mix of arm chairs and side chairs in bright orange and turquoise.
5	Had the most amazing lunch here today while in town on business. Super busy spot - so the service was a bit harried but they were kind and super attentive considering the number of people.The name of the restaurant pretty much tells you what you need to know...it's all about the soup.  Or in the case of most people that I saw, the soup and sandwich combo!  Each day has a different set of 5 or so soups and 5 or so sandwiches to choose from.I had a Tajine de Poulet soup...a tasty Moroccan recipe with yams, cinnamon and dried mango...super creative tastes together that smelled divine and tasted even better.  For the sandwich, I had tomato and bocconcini on a swiss triange...yum.  Get there early though because they run out of sandwiches, so if you want to have a gander at all the choices you need to go at the beginning of the rush!We finished off with cappucinos and dessert.  I had a traditional maple/cake-type dessert which has a french name I cannot for the life of me remember but it was to die for.So if you're in the neighbourhood, love soup and don't mind a bustling, noisy atmosphere...check it out!
4	Nice lunch spot in the Old Port for eating in or taking out. They do make good soups, but they also make good sandwiches and salads (although there's only one salad choice per day). The combos are where it's at: either soup and sandwich (half or full) or soup and salad. There are usually some unique flavour combinations on offer, although some days are better than others. If you go to eat in try to arrive early because it can get crowded and they don't take reservations.
3	Went for lunch here with my boyfriend and the setup/environment was quite nice. It felt like a different homey kind of place.  The food tasted pretty healthy, (mine and my boyfriend's) I ordered the couscous salad with strips of beef and dried up cherries while my boyfriend had a delicious turnip soup.  The service at first was great :friendly, welcoming. But then towards the end, one of the waiters was quite rude when I asked for the bill. He kept pointing to the bill and saying that was the bill several times. I was confused because there was no price on it, it just told me what I ordered. My boyfriend then told me I could pay at the cash. Um, why didn't the waiter just tell me to pay at the cash instead of wasting my time and continuously pointing to my bill and saying "That's the bill." Yes, I know that is the bill...Food was generally good though. Very healthy and tasteful. I give it three stars thanks to that weird waiter.
4	Montreal is cold. When you're cold, soup is good. Soupesoup serves soup. Go to Soupesoup when you're in Montreal. Impeccable logic right there. I was walking by without really knowing what I wanted for lunch, but I stopped being able to feel my face so I had to make a quick decision. This cute basement level spot was bustling with hardly a seat open at their wooden tables, so I grabbed a seat at one of the counters lining the walls. Each seat was set with a spoon, a napkin, a bottle of water and a glass. That's everything you need for soup.Soupesoup may not have a menu written in English, but it does have the cutest, friendliest staff that will gladly do their best to tell you all about the soups they've got at the moment. From what I could understand, all the soups are vegetarian, so I settled on the cauliflower and chick pea. It was rustic, chunky, and full of flavor. I also went for a grilled cheese, which unlike most of the ones in the States, wasn't griddled with tons of butter, but rather actually grilled and filled with non-neon cheese and caramelized onions. Quite tasty, and I imagine a bit healthier than what I'm used to.They only take debit (no credit), which is how I found out that American debit cards are different, but everyone takes American dollars because the exchange rate was essentially 1:1. I like Soupesoup. Which, for the record, I call "soupy soup." I don't know if that's wrong, but people laugh at me when I say it.
4	Nobody likes to be in the soup,  but goin to Soupesoup ain't a bad idea for lunch if you are in Old Montreal. All they do is Soup's & Sandwiches.  Love going here. Wood furniture, Huge windows ,Natural lighting &  Reasonably priced delicious food. What else do you want on a cold day? Gets really crowded during lunch. They take debit, but no credit. They serve Alcohol too.  That's the most I can write for a chain restaurantFood -  GoodService - FastAmbiance - CasualWorth the money -Yes
4	Mix and match sandwich and soup and salad where the options are all damn tasty. If you want a full sandwich you can get two halves, each a different kind. YUP. That's pretty cool. The space is beautiful. Wooden beams and Eames-like seating. Staff is delightful and always friendly. THEY SERVE STUMPTOWN COFFEE. If you are a coffee snob like me (its okay, accept who you are) this is the holy mecca. It is the best coffee with beans roasted in the Pacific Northwest. Not easily found across Canada or in Montreal.
4	This is a chain of six stores around Montreal; this one is by far the largest and busiest.  My wife and I also ate at the one on St. Denis in the Latin Quarter and the one at the Jean Talon Market. Soups are very good and not overpriced.  They change what they offer every day, so you never know what will be available usually having five or so. Their salads are also good, but the pork sandwich I tried was not so good. This is a casual place open for lunch only although I saw that the Wellington store was also open for breakfast, but I'm nt sure what they serve. Cash and debit cards only.
