4	I'm a big fan of Panera, especially the one on Fairview near Southpark mall.  I think this one is managed a lot better than the one on Providence, at least from my experiences the past couple months.The breakfast sandwiches are pretty tasty, I like the sausage, egg and cheese on ciabatta bread.  They also have bacon or you can get it meatless.  I haven't tried many of the bagels besides the free samples, but they seem to be good as well.All locations have WiFi and don't block anything you should regularly need to get to.They unfortunately serve Pepsi products.Only complaint is they could have some more variety for their breakfast sandwiches, maybe offer some on bagels or different types of combinations.
3	A great place to go to get out of the house, Panera offers free wi-fi and free refills on drinks and coffee!Sandwiches, soups and salads are their specialties, as well as a large offering of baked goods. Cookies, bagels, muffins and whole loaves of bread are all made fresh in the store every day.The "pick two" deal is two of either a half sandwich a bowl of soup or a salad, and they have an excellent selection of all. The soups rotate on a daily basis, so it's different every day.I usually stop here to pick up breakfast on the way to work and the store is busy. Expect to wait a few minutes for your order to be taken as they are busy. The bagels are very good quality and very fresh. The "everything" bagel has plenty of sesame and poppy seeds plus garlic, onion and salt. I'd recommend that you ask them to toast it to give it the right flavor and go with the sun dried tomato cream cheese. They have a "baker's dozen" special with 13 bagels and two packets of cream cheese.The coffee urn choices are light, bold, hazelnut or decaf and at this location, they put a note on it with the time the coffee was prepared. Skim milk and half and half are offered with the usual selection of white, pink blue and yellow packets of sweetener. Pepsi product as well as iced tea.
2	I love Panera Bread, but I have not been satisfy with my experience at the Southpark location. The sandwiches seems  a lot smaller then other Panera's location. There also has been times where they put the wrong stuff on my sandwich. My favorite sandwich is the Italian Cut Combo so I'm very familiar with how its suppose to look and taste like.Parking is also a pain for this location. Overall... I rather drive a little further down and go to the one on Matthews-Township Rd.
5	OK, another place that has bowled me over with stellar, beyond-the-call-of-duty customer service.I went in for a quick to-go sandwich. The food at Panera is always tasty.I was second in line, but I knew what I wanted. Unfortunately the woman in front of me couldn't seem to remember her own name. A second cashier named Natasha came up and beckoned for me to come to her register. She apologized for the wait (which wasn't her fault, and in all honestly, wasn't all that long.) I told her it was no big deal and placed my order. She gave me a free drink for my wait! I was taken aback, because it truly wasn't necessary, but a really nice, simple gesture.Then, after I paid, she asked if I liked brownies. Puzzled, I said, "Sure?" She tossed me one, again apologizing for the wait.That, folks, is how you win a customer for life. She didn't need to do that, but the extra mile left me feeling thrilled about Panera, and that location particular -- enough to Yelp about it! And the food? Great as always. And the brownie? Yum.
4	Definitely a Panera fan.  I ate breakfast here not to long ago on my way to an appointment for work in the SouthPark area.  Had my usual 'breakfast power sandwich.'  A great way to start the day.This location is convenient to Southpark, but it's a little hard to get in and out.  Granted all the intersections in that area are fairly busy, so they probably planned it out correctly.  You can easily see it from the street, but then (if driving) it may be difficult to figure out where you need to go to park, but once you do it once, it's pretty easy.Free WiFi... and a good place for warm food, studying, or meeting people out.
4	What's a non church going girl to do at 7am on a Sunday morning in Charlotte when there is absolutely nothing going on? Go to Panera of course! So I've been eying this Panera for some time but imagined it to be a miserable spot because of the location, parking cluster it appears to have, clientele plus they offer Pepsi instead of Coke? Ew.But I went this morning and it was absolutely peaceful. I was one of the only people there-no churchies, no junior league bookclub, no misbehaved children yet-just quiet and peaceful with classical music in the background and free Wi Fi at my fingertips. I love to start my morning off with their Breakfast Power sandwich which is only 330 calories and around $4. Plus, thanks to My Panera program, coffee was on the house. You can't go wrong there. Friendly and efficient staff and tasty, reliable food as always. I can imagine this location being a headache during the week day lunch rush or afternoon crowd during the weekends but I was pleasantly surprised with the desolate setting it offered this morning as opposed to other Panera's I've been to. I will be hitting this up again fo sho.
2	Panera is Panera, and the folks who work here are nice, but weekday parking is AWFUL at this location.  I actually drove away without getting anything this morning because there was no where to park that wouldn't get me towed.  The workers at the office building on the other side of the lot really need to be required to use the parking deck.
3	It's a Panera. Y'all know the broccoli cheese soup is tasty, the cinnamon crunch bagels are insanely good and the sandwiches, albeit moderately sized, are typically pretty bad for you. Just sayin'....Nonetheless, if I'm in SouthPark and need to drop in for a bevvie and plow through a bit of work, this location suits me just fine. The employees are really sweet and they pretty much leave you alone if you're working away...Other pertinent info...The parking: Can get pretty stacked in the little lot shared by Panera, AT&T, etc. Park carefully. The space: Plenty of tables, booths and whatnot to saddle up and get through some work. You can score free WiFi through Panera, or you can likely latch on to AT&T's WiFi too.
3	Like almost every other review states, parking is the major deterrent. I don't come here very often because I don't want to worry about parking.However, the few times I've been here the food has been good, service friendly, and always busy. People find it an ideal location to hook up on the WiFi and get some work done. The coffee is good. Cookies are always tempting and delicious. The patio facing Fairview is a good size. To reduce the issue of finding a parking space, walk or ride your bike if you're in the area! I just might do the same...
5	Most excellent chicken salad in Charlotte! Very friendly staff too.
4	My blood started to boil.  I felt that all-too-familiar feeling of rage set in. "Calm yourself woman!  You can NOT give that person the finger. You are on TV, and it would be terrible for your career." I chanted this to myself, over and over again as I gripped the steering wheel until my knuckles turned white.  A blue Nissan Versa cut me off, and pulled between those two precious white parking lines with ease.  I couldn't believe it.  I had spent a good 8 minutes driving around, trying to find a parking space! Everybody else is right.  Parking here in nearly impossible at lunchtime. The rest of the review is necessary. This Panera is like most other Paneras I've been to.  Efficient service, busy at lunch, tasty lunch options. I like how the calorie counts are on the menu board. Even so: you better be punching those menu items into your MyFitnessPal app first, before buying.  A pumpkin muffin can set you back almost 600 calories, and a half turkey sonoma panini will eat up over 21 grams of fat! Hmm, I like to think the apple as a side helps counteract some of those scary numbers. Anyway, I enjoy Panera when I have a little more time at midday. The folks who work here are friendly, and I always leave satisfied and ready to get back to work.
4	Okay, this location does stink for driving/ parking and with the recent nearby construction it also stinks for walking.  Despite these shortcomings, it is near where I work, the staff here are friendly, and with the the MyPanera Program card I get a lot of free food.  Seriously, the next time you visit a Panera ask for their MyPanera Program card.  I swear I always leave with like a grocery bag full of food!  Just signing up gets you a free dessert item (a $1.49 - $2.49 value) on your next visit.  So far I have received three free dessert items and a smoothie.  I would like to thank this location for informing me about the program that I knew nothing about until a visit here.    My favorite thing at Panera is the 'You Pick Two'.  I get the Sierra Turkeyon Asiago Cheese Focaccia and the Fuji Apple Chicken salad with bread.  This combo will give me two meals, as the half sandwich is filling on its own.  Just remember, these Panera dishes while tasty and fresh can be very high in calories...don't trust me...check their site. Overall, while corporate, I do enjoy my Panera and especially love the MyPanera program.  Signup and I am sure you will too!
3	This is my new local Panera, as I work across the street.  I eat lunch later than most so if I come after 2 I have no problem getting a table, but any earlier and seriously, good luck!  Service is friendly, but I rarely see anyone cleaning tables so sometimes I roam around till I find a clean spot to relax, eat and read for an hour.  The food is fine, you know what you're getting so no surprises there.  There is construction going on right next to this spot so I can see that causing some issues with parking and what not.  I walk over so no issues for me.
4	Good clean food.  The food isn't like amazing, but it's very healthy-ish (at least what I ordered) and good prices.  Staff was friendly.Iced tea cooler was empty when I tried to get some and it was still empty 15 minutes later--they should pay attention to everything.  Other than that, nice place to grab a quick bite and a good place to set up shop and study--looks like some people were doing that here.Loyalty program in place for Panera is terrible.  They reward you randomly when you make a visit and they swipe the loyalty card.  It's supposed to be fun, which I guess it can be, but it's not a good advertising tool.  You don't know what you're going to get or when you're going to get it. For example, my friend only buys sandwiches there and she got "rewarded" with a free pastry or what-have-you.  Utterly useless.  No way of really tracking anything so it wouldn't necessarily induce me to go again as a default spot.dmo out
3	It's Panera Bread, nothing too surprising other than the ridiculously crowded parking lot during the business lunch rush.  It just goes to show you how hard up the South Park area is for a great sandwich shoppe.  Don't expect to be wow'd here, it's pretty straight forward.  The outside seating area is pretty nice even though its directly positioned on the busy Fairview road.About the best feature of this place is the scenery if ya catch my drift ;-)
4	I like this place but the parking situation can be nuts. There is parking on the side which is helpful. Power breakfast sandwich is very good and healthy. It can be a tad on the pricey side. Over 6 bucks for a small sandwich and bottle water, but I guess you are paying for atmosphere a little. Popular spot for business meetings. Can't imagine how much business gets done here!
5	Addicted to the black bean soup, thats all I have to say!
4	My kids love this place...pretty consistent.I have had a few problems with to go orders not being right.Over all we like the menu choices and you can eat pretty healthy for a good price.
4	I'm a fan of Panera. I like that I can find something here for breakfast, lunch or dinner. The options are relatively healthy, but you can always find something a little unhealthy too. You can pick two. A combination of sandwich and/or soup and/or salad. pick two. good stuff. Great selection of sandwiches, panini's and soups. They also have fresh baked goods, bagels, espresso drinks, fresh teas and fruit smoothies. Prices are pretty reasonable and if you have a panera card you can get free pastries/cookies or drinks after a certain number of purchases. this location is cool. it gets busy and parking can be rough at times, but the staff is good and i've never had an issue. I like coming here. it's a good place.
4	This Panera knows what's happening. At 7am, they have this place fully stocked for professionals grabbing breakfast and lunch at the same time. Everyone is on point. Boom. It still takes a bit of a wait to get that sandwich made but these guys at least have a system and a STAFF ready for ya.
3	The good:What can I say - Good Coffee, Good Soups/Salads, Good Sandwiches, Good Pastries. Lots of seating options.Friendly service. Quick lunch option. Order your lunch online and pay in advance to use the express pick up service. The downside: Wifi is really slow, sometimes people sit there all day working like it's their office which cuts down on the number of tables available - this location seems to have more of that because of it proximity to businesses in the area.Lunch time rush can be pretty hectic and the parking lot is shared with the ATT store and some other stores that have a lot of traffic, so finding a spot is not always easy.
3	I am a fan of Panera as a brand, overall, but this location provides some challenges that make me not frequent it as much as I would if there weren't issues (and they are not earth shattering issues, just annoyances that I avoid).I typically get a pick 2 consisting of soup (cheddar broccoli or potato, usually) and either a salad or sandwich.  Varying levels of fanciness make the cost fluctuate.  Salads have had fresh ingredients, though could use a bit more salad dressing sometimes.  The last ham and cheese on rye that I had was absolutely delicious with fresh bread with thicker cut ham. I also usually get some sort of pastry, which has always been fresh from this location.  They have Pepsi products (bleh), their tea isn't very good (both sweet and unsweet, I haven't tried the flavored teas), so I have been going with the lemonade, which is fine.  The last time I was there, I attempted to get the fruit punch but it tasted like fruity water.  Aside from the drinks, they are relatively consistent in freshness of ingredients and well put together sandwiches.  As with most Panera's, my main issues with this location is parking and people camped out at every available booth with every technological gadget imaginable, or holding some sort of meeting, with one drink on the table that has long since been drained.  The last two times I went, I was balancing my dinner on a tiny table - 1 table (ONE TABLE) of the booths was actually occupied with people who were actually eating and not hiding from their family.  Most people have internet at home, why are you here?!  You know what Panera makes you do?  Wear pants.  I have the internet and drinks at home, and at home I don't have to wear pants (or a bra), so why are all of you people here?  I would vote for one hour of free wi-fi and then you either need to make another purchase or GTFO so paying customers can sit and eat.  Also... the parking sucks, not enough spots, and the spillover parking seems to be along the curb?  I am not sure.  At least two times I have just gone somewhere else because the parking situation was a wreck.Panera is a good choice that you can make as healthy or as unhealthy (or a happy medium) as you like.  The food here is quite good, even if you have to sit in a dark corner at a tiny table to eat it.
4	A great selection of fresh and seasonal dishes. There's pretty much something for everyone here.
3	Good selection/quality burdened by rude staffer. The self service kiosks are handy and speed up the process. But you still may be unlucky enough to encounter Sandra the cashier who brings the customer relations skills of the IRS and the DMV to the private sector.   She was apparently attempting to one-up the mute kiosks by conducting her transactions without speaking.   An outstretched hand silently demanded cash and change was returned without comment or thanks.  The next poor soul in line did manage to get an utterance from her:  'Phone number!' She barked at him. It seems the Soup Nazi act is much more humorous in fictional sitcom form. Sandra's name tag indicated she was a trainer of other associates - a prospect that should fill both management and customers alike with dread, unless dear Sandra is held out an example of what NOT to do.
5	I went to this Panera location yesterday with a friend for lunch and it was great!  Panera usually has good service, but it was spot on yesterday.  They brought our food to the table (hadn't seen that in Panera before) and the manager was making rounds.My friend and I were busy chatting and weren't eating very fast and the manager came over to make sure everything tasted okay and to make sure we were satisfied (he said he was worried because we hadn't eaten much!) and offered to refund us or get us another meal if we didn't like it.  We told him that we were just being chatty gals and the meal was wonderful, but that gesture stood out to me!  He genuinely cared whether or not we were enjoying it. Panera's food is pretty consistently good at any location, but the manager's customer service made this location stand out!
4	Great place to grab a great lunch & sit awhile. The food is always great but it's always over $10 & super crowded. They now have a rent-a-cop at lunch time directing traffic in the parking lot. Not sure if it's the tight squeeze, lack of parking or not many lunch choices in Southpark, but it's busy. Be prepared.
1	Love the Asiago Cheese Bagels, but not a big fan of their sandwiches or salads, nor their very limited sides, especially at their high prices. For $8 hubby got the Smokehouse Turkey Panini, which was okay, and the side was a bag of chips. My Strawberry Poppyseed & Chicken Salad, while large, was meh. The chicken was not seasoned or tasty at all. I couldn't even eat half.
1	Parking is always a problem here. If you can actually find parking then they are usually out of whatever soup or baked good you are craving.
5	Great place, well maintained, as all Panera'sA girl named Evelina helped me, she is the best!
