1	I set up an appointment for my dog to get groomed and was impressed by how fast they were able to get my pet in for a full grooming. I dropped my dog off and they were very nice and welcomed my dog like one of their own. One hour later I went to go pick my pet up and everything seemed fine. He was excited to see me but looked very tired and barely opened his eyes. The groomer had told me that she let him wander the store on his own, which I thought wow that's awesome that he didn't have to be in a kennel. Well as soon as I got home, which is about a 2 minute drive from the store, I noticed that something was not right with his eye. He wouldn't keep it open and was tearing pretty bad. Me being a nurse, I just thought he needed a good eye rinse so i proceeded to flush his eye with saline. He continued to keep his eye shut so I took a peak at it with a pen light and suspected that he had a corneal abrasion. I took him to the vet immediately and they confirmed my suspicions. He was put on antibiotic eye drops and pain eye drops. I called the Cookies-N-Clean to explain the situation and they seemed not bothered by the fact that my dog got a corneal abrasion while there. I spoke with the groomer herself and one of the owners and the response I got was, "Well, next time we will be extra cautious and use hypoallergenic soap." That was it, no apology, no discount for future visits, or payment of vet bill or prescription medications. I would have been satisfied with any of the above being done and probably would have returned because they were so nice and helpful at first. I am not one to write reviews but this definitely made me think twice about where I will be taking my little boy from now on.
1	I have been coming to Cookies N' Clean with my two dogs for the last year and some change. I called in this morning to schedule an appointment for my smaller dog, and the new, less than knowledgeable sales associate, WYATT answered the phone. I told Wyatt that I would like to schedule an appointment for my dog to get groomed and told him if there is an opening for today that would be wonderful. He told me there was no wait and said for me to come right in. I thought it was my lucky day! After walking into the store with my pop, the lady working there (not sure of her name), looked at me as if I had 3 heads. "Can I help you??", she asked with an attitude. I told her Wyatt said I could come right in and there was no need to schedule an appointment. She laughed at me and said, "you need an appointment, we cant help you today." This is the service I get after being loyal to you since you opened the store? Shove it up your anal cavity cookies and clean! I dont need your attitude and misinformed sales associates anymore. NO ATTEMPT to make things right, no apology, NO SERVICE!!
5	Brought our dog to the self wash area so that we can bathe her. The locale seemed clean and all the supplies were available and appropriate (brushes--bristled and zoom groom types, clean towels) They provide 4 different types of shampoo that can be used (including an oatmeal one for sensitive skin dogs), and conditioner that are dispensed from an integrated connection to the water hose. The bathing areas/booths are of decent size that allowed two of us to be in there to bathe our pet. The tub was at an appropriate height and spacious enough for most dogs. The attendant informed us that they just switched to a gas water heater so that the hot water wouldn't run out as quickly as before. We showed up about 45 mins before closing time and did not feel rushed through the process. The only thing I noticed was that in the fast drying stations, there was some residual pet hair on the platforms. So just remember to give it a quick sweep with the blow dryer so that the old hair doesn't start flying around when you have your pet on deck to be dried. Good experience, we will return.
1	Horrible, horrible, horrible. I calked to get an appointment. Explained I didn't want a full groom as my dog is 15+ years old and can't tolerate standing that long and gets stressed, but still want her coat shaved for comfort. So I bring her in and wait for her - none of the three hour appt. stuff. Get there and they tell me come back in two hours to get her, I explain that's not what I scheduled for, dog too old, just want shaved, they look for the girl who took the appt and she stood there and to my face I never said it was a "straight through". I said I told you the dog was too obs, just wanted groomed, couldn't tolerate a long appointment and she says you didn't say straight through, very argumentative. The groomer says she will do it, will have to call other client to say it will be longer, guilt factor towards me.Then I hear someone in the back scolding a dog saying stop it over and over in a mean voice so now I definitely wasn't leaving.They bring my dog out 35 minutes later looking a mess, saying can you pet her, she's getting too stressed, I said, it's fine we just want to go. My dog is patchy, horrible but I just wanted her out if their hands.Place stinks like cheap pine sol, staff seem to not be too customer focused.Then they ask four different people what they should charge since she didn't get a bath, blow, brush, just a straight shave. No one knows so they charge me full price $65. I said "do you really think that's a fair price? And the cashier says the groomers are contractors so they can charge whatever they want.Will never go back and will tell everyone I know to stay away! They are ridiculous and I expect them to be closed in 6 months.
5	Bring my dog here regulary for the self-serve wash. Staff is friendly, facilities are clean, look like-new, and they provide everything you need to wash and dry your dog. Worth every penny to not have to worry about the cleanup. Love this place!
