1	Very unhelpful. The staff did not even attempt to address my needs.
2	The first time I came in, one of the staff on the floor helped address some of my questions when trying to pick out my new device. She was helpful and even offered to help me with discounts because I didn't need all of the accessories. She even helped me sort out some billing questions I had on my shared plan. For this reason, I am giving them an extra star. I wish I could remember this one's name.I went back the next day and was served by Rebecca. She was unfriendly and never smiled! She helped me with what I needed, but seemed uninterested in helping me make my purchases. When it came time to check out, she barely gave me any information in regards to:1. What kind of rebate I was getting and how to really go about doing it.2. Did not ask if I wanted her to put on my screen protector, decided to do it herself, and didn't even make it straight3. Asked me if I wanted insurance but never told me what it included4. Did not ask me if I wanted all of the accessories but just assumed I wanted the bundle.These are just a few of the concerns I had. I think that if I never asked questions, I would have not learned about any of these things. I was less than impressed with the customer service I received. It was so poor that I almost just walked out of the store without buying anything. She was lucky I already knew what I wanted.
1	I was very disappointed at the service I got here.  My iphone is 1 1/2 years old and was turning off on me constantly.  I didn't drop it and never had problems before.  I went to the store for help and they checked the battery and then told me there is nothing they can do unless I purchase a warranty on the phone.  I went home and deleted old photos and videos and updated the software and it no longer shuts off.  I just think it's ridiculous they told me there was nothing they could do unless I bought a warranty, when clearly there were simple things I could do to fix it!!!
5	Frankie is a GREAT salesperson: very knowledgable, fun to work with, and attentive!! Alex is the manager we worked with and he is also extremely knowledgeable (and a good salesperson too). We had a defective antennae on our long-awaited iPhone 6; it couldn't be authorized or connect to cellular service. Both Verizon and Apple tried hard to troubleshoot over the phone for HOURS, but it was the staff at the East Wash store in Madison that resolved the issue immediately. Frankie and Alex spent much time diagnosing the problem and then acting immediately when it became clear the antenna was defective: they ordered a replacement iPhone shipped overnight!! Phone issues are maddening, given the amount of cash we pay for our phones, and after weeks of waiting we were beyond-frustrated to get a defective phone from Apple. But the staff at this store took control and resolved the issue overnight: FIVE stars for a rare level of customer service!!
