5	A smoking Groupon deal on a Keratin Straightening treatment brought me to Artistry Salon.  The salon is located in old town Scottsdale with plenty of parking.  The salon itself if spacious and clean.  It's not overly crowded or loud with blaring techno music (which is a huge plus for me).  Sam was fantastic and walked me through the Straightening process step by step.  She was very open and patient with me and my hundreds of questions.  Sam was very professional, very efficient, and knew what she was doing.  The treatment itself is fabulous!! For all of those debating on whether they want to try the straightening treatment I highly recommend it! My hair is glossy, shiny, soft, and takes  1/2 the amount of time to dry (which is a huge plus for me).  I will definitely be coming back.
1	I met the owner, Gary, when I showed up for my initial appt with SAM.  Sam didn't bother calling me to tell me that she wasn't going to show up, after I drove 40min to get there. I was furious. Gary was highly professional and helpful, and apologized for Sam's lack of basic professionalism.  After rescheduling the appt with Sam (against my better judgement), she cancelled on me AGAIN (only because I reached out to her first the day of to confirm).  I cannot understand how you run a business this way.  Perhaps she's a good stylist, but I cannot continue to waste my time with someone who doesn't respect my time. Gary seems like a very good guy; I hope for the sake of his salon that he only contracts with legitimate, professional stylists, because ultimately it's his salon that suffers.
1	This was the worse experience I've ever had with a salon. First when I called to schedule my Brazilian Keratin treatment the girl in the phone says that she would charge me a extra fee because my hair was too long. Keep in mind that she has never seen my hair and my hair length is a little below my shoulder. Then in the first appointment, I get there to learn that Sam, isn't there, she was "sick", I reschedule my appt. Next week comes in and for my surprise she wasn't there AGAIN!!! I was so sick of this I couldn't believe it! I read the 2 reviews before I bought it and thought to give this place a chance Bad mistake! I wasted my time, and all I got out of this was frustration! And it looks like the person that wrote the first review was Sam herself! STAY AWAY!!!!!!
1	I got the google special on the Keratin Straightening treatment with Sam. I have never in my life been so disappointed with a hair specialist. Sam was stern and was not answering my questions. Sam ran out of product for my hair so only half did it. Then Sam had me call my girlfriend (who had an appoint. with Sam the following day) to tell her she was out of product and that she would have to cancel. Sam I guess was to scared to call my girlfriend herself. After having the treatment on my hair for 4 days as I was told I washed it and my hair was still curly. I called Sam to tell her and she blamed me for situation. What kind of business does Sam run. I have never heard of blaming the customer! She finally refunded me my money but complained about it and yelled at me on the phone. She however, did not refund me my tip. She is horrific and no one should ever go to Sam. She is unprofessional and doesn't know what she is doing. Stay away!! I hope Gary has fired her because she is bringing down his business.
1	If you have a Groupon, get your money back because if you actually see her show up, she won't use enough product on your hair (as referenced by another reviewer). This is the second appointment I have made to fulfill this voucher. The first one was cancelled by Sam via text when she ran out of product. The second one took some maneuvering as I, like many other mothers I am sure, needed to block out a time when I would have someone watching them. I picked a week when my husband was off work for a tournament he was playing in. He left a game early today so that I could make my appointment. I was soooo excited to get some time out of the house and get my hair done. But, there I sat in my car, parked in front of Artistry Salon, waiting... The door was locked and I received no response to my text, nor to my voicemails. My first appointment was in June. Today is October 30. There will be no more chances. I have received my refund from Groupon. Sam, at Artistry Salon doesn't possess the follow through to handle a marketing tool like Groupon. I wish I would have read the other reviews before I made the 32 mile drive out there. If I had hired a baby sitter, my rant would be MUCH more colorful but to simplify, STAY AWAY!!
1	DO NOT BUY THE GROUPON VOUCHER. I have had the same keretin treatment (done by another salon) with amazing results -- perfectly straight hair for 5 months. After this treatment (first appointment cancelled by Sam via text message), my hair returned to curly after the first wash. I rung Sam to see if you would do something about this. Unable to get hold of her. Have been ringing for the last 3 weeks. No answer. Have left three messages and still not heard back from her. Absolutely shocking service.
1	I used 1 of my 3 manicures that I bought on Groupon on this Friday 3/8/13.  Gary the nail tech used a clear gel and then nailpolish on top of it-  and he said that it would last for 2 weeks.  His polish was all over the sides of my nails and he said that would come out in the shower.  I left there disapointed that I had to go home and clean up my nails so that it didnt look like a 5 year old painted them.  Then I took a shower the next morning and my whole thumb nail -polish and gel - totally peeled off in 1 whole piece.  Thank god I used my own polish so that I could just paint it even though the "Wonderful gel" he used had peeled off too.  Then yesterday by the end of the day 3 other nails of gel and polish had completely peeled off in one full piece.  I am not sure what products he uses -but it was horrible.  He was rude and even told me that someone called to complain that theirs chipped and he said "too bad, I cant take you back for 2 weeks".  This is not someone I want to go back to considering the fact that it didnt even last for 24 hours when he said his products were so great they lasted for 2 weeks at a time.  He is a 1 man operation, so its not like I can go to someone else in the salon.  I still have 2 of these "Gel manicures" that I have not used and would never go back there or sugest that any of my friends go there either.
1	I bought a Deal Chicken in November and called to make an appointment at the end of December if memory serves me correctly for the Gel manicure and Paraffin pedicure.  Gary told me the first available appointment was April !!!  I was so surprised, but he said I would understand why when I came to the unique salon.  Okay!  A few weeks ago, Gary called me to confirm.  And today, he called to confirm again for the appointment tomorrow. I missed the call and he left four important things to remember...including they do not remove gel, that has to be done beforehand.  Keep in mind, the Deal Chicken was for a GEL manicure.  I called him back immediately and said I do have gel on my nails; he said I would have to remove it beforehand and "It's so bad for your nails."  All of this information was said in an arrogant tone.  I told him to forget it, that I was not going to get the acetone he suggested and take it off myself.  I said I would contact Deal Chicken and get my money back.  At that point, he told me I could not get my money back since I was canceling inside the 48-hour window.  When I pointed out to him that in our two previous conversations, he had not mentioned that he doesn't take off gel, he hung up on me!!!!I don't know what kind of "artist" Gary thinks he is, but he needs a new profession --- one where he does not interact with people.Wow I can't believe at 8:30 in the morning, I have been hung up on.  He won't be ruining my day!  But don't be taken in by this place's "good" deals!
1	Bought a Groupon to this place for a gel mani/pedi...the man who runs it does not answer the phone.  When I left a message asking for an appointment, he called me back and bit my head off!!  Then told me the wait would be months because he did so well from the Groupon.  I decided to stop in to see the place and see if I could make an appt in person and he told me I had to take my current gel polish off myself.  I told him I would pay the extra $$$ to have them remove it and he went off on me!  I walked out and contacted Groupon for a refund.
1	I just purchased a groupon for a manicure for my girlfriend, when she gets there to make an appointment there is a handwritten sign on the door stating that they are not accepting groupons and to not come in and bother the stylists. I cannot believe how rude that sign is. I took a picture and will never send anyone there.
1	Should have read these reviews before buying my groupon. Let this be ANOTHER lesson to future clients- or lack there of- this is a horribly ran business that should have NEVER put out a Groupon because they can't accommodate it! Don't fall victim to this RIPOFF.
1	First off I want to make clear that I have not had my nails done here, HOWEVER...I purchased a groupon for the gel mani and paraffin wax pedi. I called at least 6 times before getting through to an arrogant-toned person on the other end of the phone. He informed me that the soonest appointments being currently booked are 6-8 weeks out. (This was in mid-late March. Wow. So, I scheduled the supposedly first appointment available, May 30th. Yesterday I got a call from the same guy while I was at work and unable to answer, and was left an extremely rude and arrogant voicemail, saying things like "don't come in here with any of that glitter polish or gel polish business," and "if you aren't familiar with the area give yourself plenty of time to find the place because we don't want to sit here and waste time while you drive around all over the place looking for us," ect. Then after trying to call back with no answer (big surprise there) I get another voicemail the next day saying my appointment will be cancelled!!! After this nonsense and reading the other reviews and reading even the company website's guest book, I have decided that I don't want to meet this dude or I know I'll end up going off on him!!! I am contacting groupon for a refund!!!! Good luck keepin that business open dude cause with that kind of customer service (or should I say lack thereof) you'll never last!!
1	I have been trying to even get a return phone call from this salon for 16 days.  Nothing.  I notified Groupon after the 7th day and they asked me to wait 14 days.  Now it's time for a refund.  I had may nails done instead at a great salon - Tips and Toes on Scottsdale Rd just south of the Tempe line. They are always professional, the salon is immaculate, the equipment is comfortable, the technicians are considerate, and the service is great.Reading the other ratings and comments on this site makes me think that the owner of Artistry Salon must be related to Amy and Samy.  What is it about Scottsdale that seems to be attracting business owners who don't have a clue about how to comport themselves and deliver bad attitude instead of adequate customer service?  And they do it knowing we will write about it online somewhere.  One star is one star too many for this salon.
1	I have NOT had my nails done here - I wanted to because of a killer Groupon deal... But I called multiple times to make an appointment and no one ever answers the phone. I left 2 messages and I finally got a call back about a week after my first message. When I answered he demanded I have my groupon voucher information out and ready. I told him I would pull it up and he said "Just call me back when you have it ready - I have 50 other calls to make." I told him it would just be a minute and he insisted I should call back because "I'm sure it will take several minutes and you don't understand how busy I am." Well I immediately called groupon and insisted I be refunded because the worst customer service I have ever received. They refunded me back in Groupon Bucks, which I will be using at another nail salon. I will absolutely NEVER go to Artistry Salon - no matter what deal is offered. No one should treat their paying customers that way.
1	Would give zero stars if that were an option!I havent even gone in yet, just cant wait to meet this guy!  Basically everyone else on here has accurate reviews...except the five star, must be the owner!  I truly believe this is a modern day scam artist!  Like others, my mom in law bought my husband and I two vouchers for our birthdays!  When I called in march, found out I couldnt book an appointment until July!!!  Here is where the scam comes in...it is passed the refund period so guess what?  No refunds from groupon, living social, weekly deals, etc!  Oh yes, he is selling on all of these sites!  This needs to be reported to the better business bureau! Clearly I am not the only victim.  Also, just loved getting yelled at by the guy for having to reschedule because I didn't know what my schedule was going to be 5 months out!  Really, dude!?   It's a birthday present and I get yelled at!  I gave you 10 days notice, if only your scheduling was that efficient!
1	Today was absolutely the most horrifying experience I've ever had with any professional If that's even what you can call anyone who works or has anything associated with this salon. I bought the Living social deal because it was such a great deal I called this morning and the phone number was answered by a girl who said that it wasn't the artistry salon.. first strike. Then I read The yelp reviews and felt like I was ripped off Because all these reviews are so terrible so I had to go drive and see this place for myself luckily it was only two minutes away from my house.  It's in a beautiful part of Oldtown Scottsdale with easy parking and the salon itself has a nice appearance from outside and then when you walk in it has a nice appearance on the inside however keep in mind that it's completely empty and there was one man sitting at the front desk strike two. I mention that I had a living social deal he said that I would need to schedule 6 to 8 weeks out ... strikes keep going from here. Keep reading because this story gets interesting.. I told him that I wish that you would've disclosed on the deal that clients need to schedule so long out because I wouldn't have bought something if I knew I had to wait so long. He tells me "You people come in with your dirty fingernails from your Asian salons with your bacteria from your bacterial tools and get my tools infected thinking that you can come in as Walk ins This is a fine establishment and we require a long time to wait because we're super busy I get 100 phone calls a day" I said if you're such a fine establishment then why was your living social deal $30 And if you're so busy then why is there no one here in your phone's not ringing at all. He told me they make their living social deal $30 to get new customers I told him this is not a way to treat new customers. I said I had to drive here just to find out that you were open today only to be told that I can't be seen for 6 to 8 weeks . He told me to  Get my money back and not come and I told him that I wouldn't I would tell everyone about his horrible establishment and Good luck staying open and then.. He called me a "HORRIBLE HORRIBLE BITCH"  incredibly loudly! I slammed the door and swore to myself that I would never ever buy a living social deal ever again. Do not ever go to the salon tell all of your friends not go there it's a scam of some sort that I've never heard. It's a grown man and some shady woman who I didn't see you but I imagine she was the one who answered the phone in the morning and they think that they can take people's money because they Somehow Managed to rent out a nice space and look like they have a nice salon. They probably have no experience and no concern for the customers at all they are  just trying to make a quick buck without providing any kind of service. I wonder what it feels like to have people complain about you all the time I cant imagine it's fun but at least I can feel vindicated that I told a piece of my mind and hopefully I stand for anyone else that has fell victim to this scam! If I don't get my refund back at least I stood up for myself And what this miserable human being know that no one is falling for his crap.
1	Terrible customer service!!!!!!!!!! The owner is a jerk! I bought a groupon for my mom and I for mothers day and was not able to schedule an appointment for six weeks! on top of that I called several times to schedule an appointment never getting a call back and had to physically go in to schedule the appointments. I recently started a new job and had to cancel the one appointment for myself, and when my mom went in for hers he cancelled her appointment too. He was being very argumentative saying that I cancelled both, which I did not I only gave him my name when cancelling the appointment. He then refused to let us reschedule another appointment.
1	Gary really is horrible.  I bougt the Groupon and used it a few months ago.  My 6-year old could have painted my toes better.  Nails - so, so...but they came off w/i 2 days - highly annoying.  Enduring Gary's company, however, is the worst...he incessantly discusses either (i) how great he is or (ii) how many women want him and what a "sexual creature" he is (ick!).  I bought another Groupon as a gift, but I don't hate anyone enough to give it to them.
5	Gary is awesome! I don't understand all the negative reviews...For starters, I have been going to Gary for my manicures/pedicures for nearly ten years now and he is one of the best in the business.  That's part of the reason he is so busy with clientele. He is honest and won't try to "upsell" you on gels even though he could be making more money because of it. If you are into $10 manicures at cheap dirty salons operated by oppressed immigrants who talk shit in their native tongue about your hammertoes and bunions, this salon is NOT for you.
1	This place has horrible customer service. I bought a groupon and called the place 8 times over the course of 3 weeks in an attempt to schedule an appointment. I left 3 messages and finally got a call back. Instead of addressing my stated interest of arranging for a time to come in, he basically just called me out for having an out-of-state (wisconsin) area code on my phone number. He basically said that if I was a 'snowbird' just down here for a few months, that "this wasn't a place for [me]"......and that they were looking to attract local residents for long-time clients. In reality, I've lived here permanently for the past 3 years and have just opted to keep my old number. I ended up getting my money back from Groupon after his pathetic voicemail he left me.
1	I don't even think this place should have 1 star. I did a Living Social coupon and called Gary. Thus began the phone tag events. My job and where I work at makes it very very hard for me to get phone calls where I can pick up when my cell rings. I cannot change this. However, I have never had issues with any other salon, service or vendor. Most have the ability to answer their phone during business hours. So to the point I tried on voice messages to schedule my appointment. I gave Gary dates that I would put into my calendar and even the voucher number. He would call back and leave a voicemail that he could not do this. I would call him and try to explain the type of work I do (travel, work in lead lined rooms, and work at customer sites so I cannot give out their landline) so could he give me another method to contact him like an email. He left me voicemails telling me I was the one that needed to make myself available to answer the phone. Gary did not have any concept of customer service and I had yet to go in and use his service. Just his tone was very off putting. I attempted to leave a message and call at least 6 times during the day. Gary never answers his phone.  I luckily got a refund out of Living Social. I did tell Living Social to never use this vendor again and to review the Yelp reviews on future people before I would use them as well. Good luck Gary I think you will need it with the attitude you have.  I lived within biking distance and I was seeking a new nail place. I have found a really good one close by now. You have lost the opportunity to have my business and any referrals I would give.
1	I wish "0" stars was an option!  RUDE, and horrible customer service, I haven't even been to the place, and honestly don't care to go after booking my appointment!  If you don't want to "honor" any deals that YOU choose to put online (groupon, living social, etc) THEN DON'T offer them!  It's YOUR choice!  Ridiculous.   Thank you Groupon for giving me my money back!
1	I bought a living social deal in July for the Nail person named Gary. I could not get an appt until January  the guy was very rude on the phone and the prices are way too high. I got a refund because he wouldn't change my appt. I would stay away from here if this is how they go about getting new clients.
1	I have never written a bad review before - however, I cannot not write this.  I am still shocked at the treatment I received from Gary, supposedly a service oriented nail 'professional.'    He is rude (to say the least), arrogant (without reason), his Groupon is a lie (he doesn't even do Gel nails).  He does NOT even deserve to be in business.  Again, I have NEVER felt so strongly about such horrible customer service.
1	I'm still blown away by this awful person named Gary. Who does he think he is...? Please respond Gary, please. I, like everyone else (except for Jennifer b of course) had the exact same experience. If you ever gave this Gary guy your hard earned money I am sorry for you loss. I would guess you most likely contributed to his drug habit which clearly makes him one unbearable human being. He is by far the worst person I've ever encountered in customer service. If that's what he even calls it. Which I highly doubt. Gary if I were you id probably quit while I was ahead. You suck.
1	Awful. Awful. Awful. First I called to set up an appointment and never heard back for two weeks. I had to call a second time just to get him to call me back. During the appointment I wasted an hour with Gary just for my manicure to chip, peal and come off in chunks within a couple hours. I was expecting a relaxing manicure and all I received was an hour lecture as to why he doesn't do gel manicures. Not to mention that his groupon said "3 gel manicures". He is closed Sunday and Mondays so I waited and called him on Tuesday because who has time to stop in before 6pm on a work day. He never returned my voicemail so I stopped by the salon today. I asked him to divide the groupon by 3 and refund me for the 2 treatments that I didn't use. He refused and said it's my fault that they chipped. I am appalled by his "customer service". If I no longer wanted to use his service you'd think that he would offer a refund for the unused services as a kindness gesture, but instead I paid $60 plus tip for the most awful manicure in my life. He's bit even friendly. He was rude to me the moment I walked in and complained why his client are all 90 years old. Ugh! Thanks for ruining what I thought was going to be a wonderful experience
1	I wanted to leave a short review prior to my stepping foot in the place as I, too purchased a living social deal quite awhile back and was subjected to extremely rude behavior from the one they call Gary.  It was nearly impossible to get anyone on the phone and when I finally did I was met with nothing more than attitude and an "I'm too busy to be making this call" tone (there's a slight chance I was literally told that exactly).  I never did make an appointment as I didn't want to inconvenience anyone with my presence and therefore lost out on the value of said deal.  In reading all of these magnificent reviews it appears that I may have been the biggest winner of all.  My curiosity has been poked and now I'm almost tempted to see if it's as bad as you say! Or perhaps Gary has read the reviews as well and decided to make improvements. I would hope some criticism would open his eyes to make a few changes. I promise to write a new review if I get brave enough to enter.
