2	Jos. A Banks is a high end men's formal wear store.  Since it's high end, steep prices are expected.  What's not expected is how bland the store's collection of clothing is.  Men's formal wear shops are fairly generic, with the cut of the cloth and the quality of the material used in the clothing determining the price.  As a result, I judge these stores based on the ties they carry.  A high-priced suit can come from many places, but the quality of the store hinges on the ties in my opinion.And that's where Jos. A Banks fails.  Conservative suits do not require a flat or dull tie in order to maintain their formal nature.  On a dark suit or gray suit, a tie can make the outfit, bringing style to what is designed to look like a cookie cutter outfit in business.  But the collection of ties at Jos. A. Banks is awful.  The colors are drab, the designs on the tie are the same as the ones in the early 1980s and the prices are ridiculous.  For a suit, it's a decent place, but stay away from the ties.
1	I went into this store today with my fiancee and his best man to pick out the tuxedos for our upcoming wedding.  When we walked inside we were only greeted by the three employees with blank stares.  There wasn't another customer anywhere to be seen.  One male employee was busy folding shirts and putting them into plastic bags and the two female employees were busy chit chatting at the register.  I told the male employee that we were there for tuxedo rentals.  He proceeeded to walk us over to a table with two books on it and told us everything was in there.  He then walked away.  That was just the beginning... Once we sat down and starting looking through the books, a female employee with a visible tattoo on her inner arm walked over near us and proceeded to roll her eyes at us.  It was so noticiable that our friend made a comment about it.  He said "Whoa, she just gave us the stink eye".  After a few minutes of looking through the books with no help from the employees, I asked if someone could help us.  We got no response.  So I asked again if they were too busy to help us.  After all, we were the only customers in the whole place, I should be fighting them off with a stick.  Instead, I'm begging them for some attention.  The male employee then walks over to the register and tells the tattoo girl with the bad attitude to help us.  What happens next is completely surreal.  She rolls her eyes, sighs loudly, throws something on the counter and then walks over to us.  Unbelievable!  When she gets over to the table I asked her if we were bothering her and she replied with "Well, the people who usually handle this work Monday through Saturday".  That little sentence came out so rudely and snidely I almost laughed.  I then informed her that I spoke with an associate the day before about coming in on a Sunday and he assured me that I could get assistance from an available associate on Sundays for tuxedo rentals.  I then said something to the effect of "It seems like you don't want us in here and don't want to help us" and she replied with "No, I'll help you".  Again, her attitude made it perfectly clear to me that she wanted nothing to do with my rentals.  I then closed the books on the table and told them I would be taking my business elsewhere.What a joke!  This is supposed to be a high end men's clothing store with exceptional customer service!  They made us feel like we were bothering them and they couldn't wait for us to leave.  I suggest you go somewhere else!If I could I wouldn't even give them one star!
5	They are a great store!The store manager, Dennis, definitely gets 10-stars in my book. He's very genuine, & cares for his customers! Way to go JoS A!!! ;)
2	My husband purchased 7 pairs of pants on sale at the Charleston location because we have always had to deal with VERY POOR service at this location. The employees wont greet us or offer to help- they would rather converse among themselves. However, the Henderson store is close to my husband's office (and where we live) so we went there to have the pants tailored. After paying $150 to have all 7 pairs tailored with a permanent traveler's crease, he was given the date that all the pants would be ready. He called the day before the finish date hoping they might be finished early. The associate refused to even check saying "if you we're promised a certain day the pants will be ready THAT DAY". The following day (the day he was originally promised) he hadn't heard anything so he called the store again. They said that the pants weren't ready yet and he should call again tomorrow. When he called the next day my husband was told that his order was being worked on right then. Some of the pants would be ready that day and the rest would be ready the following day (2 days late). It is now 3 days later and we still have yet to here if his pants are ready yet. The quality of clothing at Jos A Bank is nice, but I recommend shopping at the Charleston store because you won't get any service at the store in Henderson.
5	I just went to Jos.A. Banks looking for a suit and very pleasantly surprised.I needed a suit for my son's up and coming wedding.being 6'6'' tall and 270 lbs. I thought no way.i was greeted by a very personable young man named Russell and after trying on just 2 suits I got exactly what a wanted.I recommend this store to anyone, especially men who are looking for good looking suits in big and tall sizes.I'm telling all my friends of all sizes how impressed I was with the service and personal at the Henderson(The District) store.Thanks again Russell for making my day.   Gary M. Mroz
5	The staff here was very helpful starting with the female associate who greeted us when we walked in the door.. We were looking for a suit for the Father of the Bride.  I didn't want it too formal nor too business like since our daughter's invitation said "causal but classy" attire.   Dennis the store manager knew which suits would work out and the ones he picked worked out perfectly for Mr. B. Measurements from the fittings were accurate. The tailor work done was perfect. The prices for the suit was super reasonable. The suit was ready on posted date. We allowed one month in advance though to avoid last minute stress.  The place was pretty busy but the staff here managed to give each of their customers personal attention.  So five stars for a good experience here.
1	Skip this place. Stood there for over 20 minutes. Not a single person asked if they could help out. Lame. Plenty of other choices in Vegas. Spend your money where the employees actually care about your business. Just Corporate junk.
5	Arrived at opening on a weekday. The store was open and ready on time, even a little early in fact. I was greeted by Dennis the store manager. He was very helpful and knowledgeable. He introduced me to their product line of suits. He extended to me a great deal without hassle. I purchased four suits and three shirts from Dennis, each suit was measured and fitted properly for tailoring. I almost always order custom suits and decided to purchase some off the rack. The suits purchased here where of great quality in both materials and construction. Very happy with the selection, product, service and price. Thanks.
4	I have had the need to shop for Men's dress clothes several times within the last year and, each time, found myself returning to Jos. A. Bank (at the District in Green Valley Ranch).  My needs have run the range of dress shirts to accessories to tuxedo (rental for my son).  Whether calling (in advance) or popping into the store for a visit, what has impressed me most has been the consistently high level of service -- in my opinion, on par with my Nordstrom experiences albeit at a lower price point.   Specifically, the staff has always been respectful of my time, patient in listening to my needs and concerns, intelligent with their questions and recommendations, knowledgeable about Men's clothing (theirs as well as that of their competition), and most concerned with serving my best interests (even if that did not result in a purchase from their store).  During my half dozen visits , I have interacted with no less than five (5) different employees with various levels of retailing experience and tenure with Jos. A. Bank yet my experiences and outcomes have consistently left me feeling good about my decision to do business here (long after my visit).  So why not five stars - I would like a wider selection of men's shoes and ties (in store vs. on line).  All the same, my sincere appreciation and thanks to the entire Team.
