5	Great chiropractor, great staff. I got an appointment on the day I called. Dr. Reiss spends time with you, listens to what is going on, then makes his diagnosis. They have the latest of equipment. They gave me a gift bag on my way out. After two visits I was doing great. They do not push you to keep coming back. He said we are here if you need us. I want that water bed machine for my home. LOL
5	I called for an appointment and was able to get in the same day, which is fantastic because I have a pretty busy work schedule, and it is hard for me to make appointments in advance! I was highly impressed with the office overall as it was stylish, clean, warm, and inviting. The waiting room made you feel extremely comfortable, as coffee and water, etc. were provided and the office staff were also friendly. As it was my first visit, Dr. Reiss met with me prior to the exam/adjustment and discussed my overall health as well as what was bothering me. I have been to a lot of chiropractors, and I tend to enjoy those that take the time to get to know their patients, the ones that put in the extra effort to relax the muscles (either through massage, or other options) prior to the adjustment. I've been to plenty of doctors that seem to "snap, crackle, pop" and you're done...leaving me feeling completely unsatisfied and disappointed with the 5 minute visit. Dr. Reiss seems to get that there is more to an adjustment, than the actual adjustment itself. I did not feel like I was pressured to come back for another 5-10 required sessions in order to get relief. I tend to go to chiropractors as I need them, and that is exactly the message that was relayed to me. I will definitely be back and believe I have found my go-to chiropractor!
5	I had a great chiropractor in Colorado and when I moved back here I didn't think I would find someone as good. I was wrong! The staff is so friendly and dr. Reiss is great! I'm feeling so much better with my neck and shoulders and over all. If your looking for someone who really cares check them out! I'm really glad I found them!
5	The absolute BEST! I have been seeing him off and on for a year. Last year I went to The Used at Desert Breeze, and a guy who totally should not have been crowd surfing did, and he landed on my head, and I heard a crack in my neck, and then my jaw popped out of alignment and started clicking. NOT fun. With 3 trips to Dr. Reiss, all was fixed and I have not had the clicking issue since! He and his staff are extremely professional, likeable, and efficient. With the exception of the first visit (spinal scan), I haven't had a time where it has taken me more than 20 minutes in the office. He is quick, and he gets the job done, and gets you on your way. I love his philosophy of "we are here when you need us" as well - they have never been pushy, and I am usually able to get same-day appointments very easily. A couple months after the jaw issue, I got a wicked knot under my shoulder blade that if not for Dr. Reiss, I wouldn't have been able to walk let alone go back to work the very next day. Any time I roll out of bed wrong or my body is just not having a good day, I go to see him with almost magical results - I couldn't ask for a better chiropractor. Each time I go into the office, it feels like home or like I am seeing a long-time friend. I am so thankful that I got referred to him. The first visit he gives you a little gift bag, and if you sign up for his mailing list, he sends you other perks as well along the way. At the end of 2012 he even sent out cards to cover your co-pay! (Which I totally needed thanks to my pesky shoulder of DOOM.) Thanks to Dr. Reiss I am living a much less painful existence. I just wish I had the roller and the water beds at home!
5	What a great office! I threw my back out last week working in the yard, I know not as exciting as a car accident or street brawl. I waited a week hoping that it would get better but each day the same thing would happen, wake up and it felt fine then after standing for a few minutes the stiffness and soreness would come creeping back. So enough was enough. So I decided to search Yelp for a good chiro and stumbled upon Dr. Reiss and Southern Nevada Chiropractic. I was immediately greeted by Ashley (office manager) who was super friendly and outgoing. From there she had me fill out a few forms and within a few minutes was being examined by Dr. Reiss. He has some very cool technology that he uses to diagnose my problem. In no time he got my back straightened out and then armed me with a daily routine of stretches and exercises to help prevent this from happening again. If you ever mess your back up and you need a pro who knows what he's doing, give Southern Nevada Chiropractic a call. They take most major insurance but if you don't have insurance their pricing is reasonable. Stay healthy!
5	On the recommendation of my hubby who previously came from here, I decided to go due to my many headaches-apparetly people aren't supposed to get them as often as I do.It is located in a very nice, new business park on Tropicana, it has ample parking, and  I couldn't tell you about lighting; they are only open in the day time.Nice waiting room; there was coffee, tea, and fresh chocolate chip cookies. It was my first time ever to a chiropractor, and for 32 I think that's kind of old for having never gone.So I guess overall I was very pleased because Dr. Reiss brought new insight as to why I may be having headaches that I never thought of before. I thought the "speedometer" was cool , that rolls up your back and shows where the tension is. After I left, my headache was gone within a few hours!I foresee future visits :)
5	I got in to an accident a week ago and my hole back is messed up! I came here because they are close to my house. But they were so nice! They had fresh coffee (from a Keurig! And they had a lot of flavors to pick from), cookies and bottles of water! They told me I didn't have to pay anything they would bill the other persons insurance.  I got a back Scan, muscle Scan and X-rays! I got to go on 3 massage machines and it used this vibrating re-alignment tool that felt amazing! When all was said and done and he did the adjustments I was given an ice pack and a spray bottle with some kind of icy hot in it! I was so happy and felt great. They were so nice and just really want me to get better! So glad I found this place!
5	Dr. Reiss is a true patient's doctor. I have recommended and will continue to recommend Dr. Reiss to my clients. Every time I speak with him he is always talking about his concern for his patients as individuals and  making sure that they feel great. He is not one of these churn and burn doctors just interested in shuffling his patients through. My clients have told me about the warm concern they have felt from him and how they always want to return.I've been to his office and it is very comfortable and calming, a place where you can feel comfortable being treated. Thank you doctor for caring for my clients.
5	Dr. Reiss is the only chiropractor I trust and will go to in Las Vegas. He communicates clearly, listens to his patients, provides a clean facility, and support staff that are friendly and professional. I do not visit Dr. Reiss for any particular reason other than to keep my body operating at an optimal level. After receiving adjustment, I feel more relaxed and the "flow" is improved. In addition, he does his best to stay up on the latest medical and nutritional information and is not afraid to embark on his own "n=1" experimentation. I respect this about him because he is constantly learning and evolving for himself and his patients. Typically, when he recommends something he has tried it himself which is not normal in the medical field. If you are looking for a solid chiropractor, Dr. Reiss is your man.
5	At first i didn't believe a chiropractor could do anything for me, three months later and I'm still coming here.  Autumn and Ashely are two very enjoyable and beautiful ladies that will keep you reminded of your appointments as well as keep you informed on all the processes that they will be doing.  Also if your ever stuck on a problem they are a great source to bounce thoughts off of.
5	I would give more than 5 stars if I could. There is not one thing I would change about this office and their staff. Ashley, Elizabeth and Autumn are the sweetest people I have ever met. They're always so welcoming and understanding when it comes to scheduling and being late. They open at 9:30 but were willing to let me coming in 10 mins before so I would still have plenty enough time to get to work on time that day. Dr. Pearl is also amazing. She's well educated and answers my questions and more about anything I'm concerned about. I love doctors who see you more than just a patient! She takes the time to really know the people who come into the office. Hands down, the best doctor's office I've been to!
5	After our car accident, my girlfriend and I were worried that we'd suffer from neck and back pain for a long time after. Of course, I was extremely skeptical about visiting a chiropractor because I was never sure how well the treatment would work because I had never been. After visiting Dr. Reiss and his wonderful staff over at Southern Nevada Chiropractic just one time, I knew right away  that we were in good hands and that we would be on the road to recovery in no time. They treated us like family from the moment we walked in and the treatment, adjustments, and scheduling flexibility is second to none. It's been three months since our first appointment and I can honestly say I'll be sad once our treatment is over! I've already referred my family and friends. Easiest 5 stars ever.
5	Since I just joined Yelp, I'm reflecting on the businesses that I have been so impressed with, and this pops up to the top, even though is was over 6 months ago that I was at Southern Nevada Chiropractic. I was having severe back trouble for quite some time... a pain that simply would not go away in my shoulder blade area. I looked up the chiropractors with the highest reviews because I wanted the best. The first one I went to told me that the minimum I would have to see her is for 3x a week for a month, maybe longer, but she wouldn't know until seeing my x-rays. She was nice and explained how the spine works, but how could she know how long I would need treatment without thoroughly examining me? So to get another opinion, I went to another highly rated chiropractor, but the office was closed. Third time is a charm, as Dr. Reiss was able to see me very quickly, and I got a great deal on a comprehensive exam. After examining my back with some state-of-the-art equipment (no x-rays), he was able to find my trouble spot and went on to explain how my sitting and standing played a big role in the trouble I was having. He gave me a much needed adjustment and provided me with exercises I could do to keep my back strong. That was it... one adjustment and following his advice, and that problem pain that lasted so long was gone just like that! No weekly treatments, just one great experience! Thank you Dr. Reiss for your honesty and integrity. We Las Vegans are very lucky to have you here!
