4	Service is good, but boy is it cold inside. They need to turn the temperature up a bit!
1	If you don't want to read through my drama, just beware to DOUBLE CHECK your order if you come here.  The food is fine - like any other MacDonald's - but they have a tendency of getting orders wrong ... for me anyway and no, I do not ask for any kind of unreasonable custom order.I am putting my grievance here because the managers there just don't seem to care.  On several occasions this particular Micky D's has gotten my order wrong.  A nuisance at first but I was willing to let it go one time ... two times ... three times. About a month ago, I'd already lost track how many times they have gotten our order wrong.  I didn't have a receipt but I did call the manager because I wanted to let them know they should work on training employees about reviewing orders.  It has happened one too many times for me not to speak up.  She was apologetic and even tried to rectify the situation, "Come by next time and I'll still let you get your order for free.  Tell them Corrinda said it was ok."  I was like, "Whoa, that was awfully generous" and thanked her.A couple of weeks later, I had to take my daughter to the ER for a scorpion bite.  This Micky D's is barely a block away so I sent the husband to get our dinner.  "They forgot my McNuggets."  Well, this stressed out mamma with a screaming baby in the ER with the worst pain that anyone could possibly imagine was not going to take this sitting down.I drove back to the Micky D's with our order and receipt and asked to see the manager.  I told her about our most recent experience in addition to the missing McNuggets.  She was apologetic, saying her minimal, obligatory apology and sent me on my way.  She said something about just starting but that got me even more pissed off that she was defending getting orders wrong.  There's no excuse.  Don't even get me started on the fact that she hardly spoke English, which I believe may have contributed to her reticent behavior.  Come on now, at the managerial level, communication with customers is pretty vital I would think.I left flabbergasted that my money wasn't refunded - not even that it wasn't refunded but it wasn't even offered -  but I knew I had to take a breather because my daughter needed a mamma who was calm and collected.  No point in getting steaming mad.  "You got your nuggets so just let it go!" I told myself.  The next day I decided to get our "free breakfast" because it was a hellish night before to get up early and make breakfast for everyone.  When I dropped Corrinda's name to the cashier and how she was going to comp my next order, she asked for a receipt, I said I didn't have one, and she was going to ask the manager what to do.  A minute later she came back and told me they couldn't give me the breakfast for free if there was no receipt.  I told her get the manager out here so I can explain.  She goes to the back again and comes back out a couple minutes later and says that the manager approved.  Again, I wonder if this is a training issue because i would have expected for this  manager to come out and talk to me.The restaurant itself is nice and there is a playground.  The food is fine - tastes like MacDonald's.  I will be coming here as little as possible for the sole fact that my orders have been incorrect on so many occasions that I've lost count.  The manager's don't seem to have a good handle on training their employees and the managers themselves don't seem to know how to handle customer issues.
1	I hate this place. Every single time I go here they either get my order wrong or forget something. The staff is full of teens that have no care in the world. If you must come here make sure you triple check your order.
1	You're not gonna believe this!!! I went to this McDonald's today for lunch, and asked for water to accompany my meal. I like to eat healthy and never drink soda, preferring water to any other beverage. The cashier asked me if I wanted a bottle, and (why would I pay for water?) I said no, just a cup is fine. Then she handed me a little cheap paper cup with a pointed bottom, like a snow cone cup! My husband said "they must be out of cups," but I could clearly see a stack of regular cups and I pointed to them and said, "No they're not, there the cups are right there!" The cashier was still holding out the little (four ounce capacity?) paper pointy witch hat cup to me and I gritted out, "So how am I supposed to eat my meal while I'm holding that thing??" and I turned away and stalked to a table and sat down.If this is a new McDonald's policy, then goodbye forever, McDonald's. If this is a misbegotten policy by the owner of this establishment, then shame on you and I wonder what will become of the building when you lose so many customers you go out of business. Oh, and by the way, I own a hugely popular food blog, plus a discussion board, with lots and lots of loyal readers. I'm really going to enjoy writing tonight.
2	They always have a lot of employees but nothing every seems to speed up. The lines, wait, and food take forever. Like everything though since the other one is inside a very busy Wal-Mart your better off waiting in line here.
5	All I have to say is Wow! I have no idea what happened here, if the owners realized the vast potential that this location had to make money or what. But this place is a lot better than I can remember.  For about 3-4 days I stopped by this McDonald's on my way to work, to either grab some coffee or a says mcmuffin. It took me sometimes less than 4 minutes to order my food,  pay, and leave the drive thru.  Before, I remember even going inside of the restaurant was always empty and slow as well as the drive thru. Which was the reason why I had stopped going and decided to buy coffee at the gas station.  The people are always super friendly. Someone I can say I am not at 7 a.m. in the morning. Glad they changed whatever they changed.
1	I stopped here when I was out on a scooter ride to get lunch. I placed the order, two McChicken sandwiches from the dollar menu and a large coke from the same menu. When the girl totaled it up and told me it had been $5.47  I said whoa, something wrong here and tried to  explain the cost couldn't be right she looked at me like I had just explained Einsteins theory of relativeaty to her. Another worked pointed out she had punched the wrong buttons on the computer and would need a supervisor to cancel. Here come the shift supervisor, once more I explained what I wanted and what happened, she did the magic and now had to refund the difference of $5.47 to $3.28 to me. She handed me $1..50 so I asked what is this and her reply the difference between the order total and what we charged your debit card. Now I am getting frustrated so I asked her if she had recently taken any math refresher courses because she needed to. Out comes the I-phone and she uses the calculator on it to figure the refund, good job, carry your brains in your hand, you will get really far in this world with that keen talent. Not once was anyone apologetic about the mixup or the delay, I really have solidified my mind on thinking these people should picket and demand $15.00 per hour for minimum wage jobs. I decided that I will demand a little bit better service by using my pocketbook to vote against McDonalds shitty service and attitude from this store.
5	I have only ever gone through drive through, the line has always gone extremely fast, the staff has been exceedingly nice. I have only stopped for the occasional coffee or maybe a thing of nuggets for the kids. The 2 lanes for drive through does make it seem to go faster.
1	Here's the deal.  I rarely eat fast food, but this mcdonalds has a 24 hour drive thru if we want something late.  The quality of all Mcd's is terrible, but as many other reviews of this locations state, you must double check your order because they get it wrong quite a bit.  In the handful of times we have gone to this location I think once it was correct.  Have said that last night it was 10:12 when we hit the drive thru.  It was 10:44 by the time we go our food.  After waiting in the drive thru forever to pay we finally hit the window and were asked to pull around waiting on 1/4 lb meat.  Fine.  Remarkably we were the only car pulled around and no cars behind us had to pull around and wait.  I can feasibly see maybe no one else order a 1/4 lber.....however from start to finish it took 32 mins for our food.  It all seemed fresh by the time we got home, at least fresh by McDonalds standards.  The young girl that brought us out our food, simply handed me the bag, said "there you go", and turned to walk away.  Nothing about apologizing for the wait or anything like that.  The customer service lacks at this location.  And these workers want $15/hr?  LoL how can anyone support that.
3	Typical McDonald's, consistent food and conveniences. Today however I waited in the drive-through for over 15 minutes.  I cannot remember being stuck in a drive through that long and McDonald's before!!
1	Worst McDonalds ever!Was headed out to San Diego so I decided to stop here in the drive through to get some food.  Horrible!  Should have went somewhere else.......ANYWHERE ELSE!I placed my order for a McDouble and a 6 piece McNuggets.  I paid the man my money and then sat there.  There were 2 cars ahead of me and they were not moving.  It took 8 minutes for the 2 cars ahead of me to get their food.  That is painstakingly slow for a fast food restaurant.  When the car immediately in front of me did not pull away once she got her food, I knew something was up.  I saw her have to ask for straws, napkins, and salt and pepper packets.  It is now my turn to pull up to the window to get my food.  The lady hands me a bag without any expression at all and says "here you go".  I took my bag and then got on the freeway.  A mile down the road, I open the bag.  No dipping sauce for my McNuggets and no fucking napkins!   I HATE THAT SHIT!  Lazy ass workers who don't do their job.  I was pissed!  The food itself even tasted a bit off.  The burger was luke warm and the McNuggets were rubbery and seemed like they had been sitting out awhile.For damn sure I will NEVER come back to this McDonalds!   I've never had a problem in 36 years on earth at any McDonalds,  EVER.   This one was fucking horrible!  Avoid at all costs!
1	Horrible McDonalds! They NEVER get my order correct. I always ask for a plain cheesburger for my kids happy meals and tbey are never plain. Horrible service.
