5	I have to say Patricia Crawford is amazing. She knows what she is doing. It is nice and small she has two rooms. So she gives her attention to her clients. I have gone in for knees that would not let me walk to a back that would not let me breath. Both times I walked out not really remembering why I went in the first place because my pain disappeared. She is very friendly and helpful. I would and do recommend her. If you not sure if acupuncture is right for you just give a call and she will answer ALL your questions. She is very accommodating. Please call or go in if you are in the area. She is right across from porter shopping area. Take the red line or the 87 bus. It does not hurt to ask.
5	Acupuncture Alternative Careby Patricia Crawford117 Elm StreetSomerville, MA 02114(617) 776-2020First off, she offers six different services, each of which I'd love to try! These services include: Acupuncture, Chinese Herbs, Allergy Elimination, Jaffe-Mellor Technique, Neuro-emotional Technique, and Electrodermal Screeing! From the moment I was referred to her by Massage Therapy Works in Somerville, I knew it was going to be a great experience because her lovely garden has a small Buddha sitting quietly at the foot of her stairs.When I entered, my entrance-screening consisted of questions to help her understand why I was coming, what I wanted to get out of the sessions, and how she could help- She is truly a healer!Finally after my first, second, and third treatment, I decided that this was going to be my first "real" commitment to healing my body and taking care of myself. So ladies and gentleman if you are in need of some serious TLC, call Patricia Crawford, Licensed Acupuncturist for a consultation and Acupuncture treatment because she will help you to feel better!!!
5	I am SO fortunate to have found someone with such extensive and specific experience within driving distance of my home! Bio-Set (just one of the treatments offered at Acupuncture Alternative Care) is a highly specialized form of allergy elimination treatment. I have taken both my sons (both of whom have significant food intolerances) for weekly Bio-Set treatments for the last 6 months. I am thrilled to report that both boys have been helped immeasurably by Patricia Crawford! They actually look forward to going for their appointments because they feel so much better and can eat a wider variety of foods without issue. Patricia takes the time to understand each client's ailments and does a phenomenal job tailoring her intervention to each person's unique needs.  If you, or your children, have been suffering with food allergies/sensitivities and are looking for lasting improvements, get yourself over to AAC!
5	Patricia is the best!  I was feeling really, really sick one Sunday afternoon.  I felt like I was coming down with the flu.  I called Patricia and she told me to come right over.  I firmly believe that her treatment headed off what could have been a really nasty bug.  She has treated me many times since and I am always better for it.  Her office has always been immaculately clean and Patricia herself has always been caring and concerned about my good health.
5	Patricia is sympathetic, caring professional who worked to help me with my foot.  But most importantly, she's a great listener and understood I had more going on than my foot!  I felt totally relaxed and comfortable with her treatment and felt better afterward.  Her new office in Phoenix, Arizona is peaceful and welcoming.
5	I started going to Patricia back when she lived in Massachusetts and when I moved to Phoenix, I still went back to see her once a year. I am thrilled that she is now in Phoenix. I originally went to see her due to phlegm building up after each meal. I couldn't eat without nonstop having to clear my throat. It was unpleasant and unattractive.  She was able to treat my intolerances to foods and now I can eat and drink everything again. Along with BioSet, I get acupuncture at each visit. She is a wonderful acupuncturist, but she is also so much more! Everyone I know who has been to see her, comes away so much healthier. On top of all that, she is a fun and caring individual to boot, so visits to her office are always pleasant.
5	A friend referred me to Patricia when my teenaged son was diagnosed with autoimmune disorder. He was very nervous about it because he didn't like needles, but we were both pleasantly surprised that Patricia practices a form of acupuncture that uses very small-gauge needles that he could barely feel. Very soon after my son started seeing Patricia, we noticed a big difference in his energy as well as his resistance to illness. And when he did get sick, he was better sooner than before. Patricia was able to identify and treat a number of food sensitivities and environmental allergies, and she worked very well in concert with my son's primary care physician and immunologist. Patricia is caring and compassionate, and quickly built a good rapport with my son. She has been a wonderful part of his healing process.
