5	FINALLY a Pinkberry in Charlotte. Having been a Pinkberry eater for years and years thanks to New York, you have no idea how ecstatic I was that a Pinkberry finally opened up and I could finally get some good froyo instead of considering the crap that is served at the other places in Charlotte. After forever, like always, Charlotte has caught on to the magic wonders of Frozen Yogurt. Preceding Pinkberry (in Charlotte) were Orangeleaf, Yoforia, and Tasty Yo. Although Tasty Yo is the closest tart original to Pinkberry, it's not as good as Pinkberry AND their flavored ones aren't even good. Oraneleaf and Yoforia are just straight up disasters! Although opening day the line was ridiculous, it will calm down (and was this morning). Customer service is great -- absolutely exceptional. Oh, and thank you for NOT doing self serve -- thank you for sticking to the true Pinkberry name =)Pomegranate and the original have always been my choice, but I tried the watermelon in LA and it was yumilicious! The chocolate is good too if you want to go for that ice cream flavor -- SO chocolatey it's amazing. A+ for low calories too =)Oh, AND they do curbside delivery! A++
1	I was not impressed with pinkberry, but i will say if you love yogart this is for you.  I tasted to much yogart taste n sorta of an aftertaste to me.  I had the orig w/ watermelon it was okay, I'm more of a TCBY person.  but i think pinkberry will do great with their location and like i said if you love yogart pinkberry you'll love.  Very healthy maybe that was the problem for me :)  The staff was freindly knew the product well offereing a taste of any flavor to help you decide.
4	I have driven by Pinkberry, waiting for it to open, it seemed like it took forever!  Finally at last, it's here.  I had never had Pinkberry, I knew that a froyo craze existed.  I even told one of my friends years ago, that he should open up a Pinkberry when he was asking me about business ideas.  I bet he is wishing he would have listened to me now, seeing the lines out the door.  I wonder if it will die down or at peak times it will always be bonkers.  Hmmmmm, something to ponder.  I had the original flavor topped with mangoes.  Yummy, I sat there and ate the whole thing, thinking of my Yelp review and taking photos.  Looking at the cute decor and watching the young kids do their coporate zombie customer service thing. Welcome to Pinkberry!  The kid at the register asked me a goofy corporate question, I wish I would remember what he asked me.  Maybe tomorrow when I return, he will ask me again, because I know that I am addicted.
5	After living in NYC, I became a Pinkberry fanatic. Finally, it has come to Charlotte! Not only is it the same great taste that I know and love, but they are now offering 6 delicious flavors (they used to only offer 3):Original (vanilla-like and super tart)Pomegranate (super tart)Chocolate (tastes and looks like a fudgesicle)Coconut (sweet and yummy)Mango (mellow yet delicious)Watermelon (featured for the summer, mellow yet delicious)Every flavor is delicious, but if you are a Pinkberry rookie I recommend avoiding original and pomegranate because they are super tart.An interesting option is to swirl a tart flavor with a less-tart flavor. I have tried original/chocolate swirl and pomegranate/coconut swirl. Both were great!The toppings are plentiful and Pinkberry lets you have as many as you want. It's a great deal! I recommend chocolate chips and any of the fresh fruits. Enjoy!
5	In Charlotte, it's difficult to find anything open later in the evening, especially on a Sunday.  That's why it's refreshing to discover a Pinkberry nearby that's actually open late.  We had just finished watching Julia Roberts scarf down some gelato in "Eat Pray Love" and were hungry for a tasty treat after the movie.  Conveniently located, Pinkberry is just steps away from the Phillips Place movie theater, and the bright lights and line of people told us it was open for business at 9:30 on a Tuesday night. We entered the brightly colored Pinkberry store and felt a bit overwhelmed since we had never been to one before.  One of the girls behind the counter was so inviting, though, describing the process, the pricing, and readily offering us samples.  She had a fantastic welcoming personality, spent so much time with us, and was so informative, how could you not buy something from her?  Of course, we had already gone in with the intention of purchasing, but she confirmed that we were making a wise choice.  Here's the deal:  pick your size cup, flavor of nonfat frozen yogurt, and as many toppings as will fit in the cup (when they're filling it, they seem to fill it to accommodate four toppings around the edge).  Of course, it's a little cheaper to not get the toppings, but with so many tiny options, it's worth the extra fifty cents or so.   I went with a coconut frozen yogurt with shredded coconut, chocolate bits, sliced kiwi, and a pumpkin granola.  It was definitely a weird combination and probably not one I'd repeat, but I loved it overall.   I'm looking forward to my next Pinkberry experience and creation.
2	I was stoked to finally try the much hyped Pinkberry. Paris Hilton likes it so it has to be good right? Well apparently no. I went this afternoon where it was insanely packed which I can handle but was expecting more of a selection flavor wise. I got the pomegranate fro yo topped with blackberries, kiwi and fruity pebbles and it was good but I've had better. I would rather go to Yoforia, mix and match and have it weighed. Also, I'm a pretty happy person however the happy happy joy joy act was a bit too sunshiney happiness up my butt for me personally. But then again, I was hungover so......It wasn't horrible but definitely didn't live up to the hype. I would go again but definitely won't be having a Pinkberry craving anytime soon.
5	You have no idea how excited I was to see a Pinkberry opening in Charlotte just one more wonderful memorabilia of my days living in LA.Pinkberry did not disappoint - the only problem now... how am I going to stay away.I snuck a mini original with strawberries, coconut, and mangoes in my purse to go see The Town this weekend - I would have waited till after the movie and not have commit ed the crime of bringing in outside food but I had know idea that Pinkberry would be open so late - to my astonishment Pinkberry was still open and it turns out their open till 1am on Fridays and Saturday... this will be my new late night spot.
5	I've been following Pinkberry for awhile and anxiously awaited for their expansion to the East coast.  So when I heard they opened a new store in Charlotte over by Southpark (Phillips Place), I had to check it out.  My first time experience was fantastic.  The girls working the counter were energetic, friendly and very helpful.  After some samples, I went with the coconut yogurt, raspberry, pineapple, chocolate crisps and yogurt chips.  It was absolutely awesome and I can't wait to do it again.
2	To me, Pinkberry doesn't live up to all the hype.  You end up paying about 6 or 7 bucks for a small cup of yogurt with whatever toppings you want on it.  I sampled the regular, coconut, and melon flavors before settling with the melon.  I personally thought all three flavors were just 'meh', but the coconut was by far the worst.  For toppings I got some chocolate balls, brownie bites, and pumpkin granola (they do have a wide variety of fruits, nuts, chocolates, and cereals as well).  The toppings were definitely the best thing out of the whole experience.  The service was pretty decent, one of the two workers seemed to really enjoy her job, and I was lucky enough to have her wait on me.  Overall, I expected much more from all the west coast Pinkberry hype.
2	The service was very friendly and they were quick to offer samples on our first visit there.  I'm not a huge frozen yogurt fan, but after reading the 5 star reviews here, I thought I'd give it a shot.  I had the pomegranate with dark chocolate balls, pumpkin granola and coconut.  It would have been better in a smaller portion, and I thought it was overpriced at $5 for a small cup that was nothing amazing.
4	I found it to be more expensive than the other fro-yo places around town (I could be wrong), but it was worth it.  The hazelnut crunch stuff was great, so was their fruit.  Yogurt was better than most the other joints too.  I think i spent more than 5 bucks for a small..the only downfall I see.  Oh yea I had original and pomegranate swirled together.   I didn't sample any of the other flavors so you are on your own if you like the non-tart ones.
3	After waiting for the frenzy of new customers to die down, I finally decided to drop by Pinkberry last night.I walked in and was surprised to find that there was no trace of a line whatsoever. I enlisted the help of the girl behind the counter who guided me through the yogurt and topping selection process. They offer numerous types of yogurt and as many toppings as they can fit in your cup (which really is not as many as it sounds). I order the original frozen yogurt with blackberries, strawberries, coconut, and chocolate pieces. I was pretty satisfied with my purchase but I had tried another frozen yogurt place the week before *cough* Tasty Yo *cough* and I was a little let down. Pinkberry may have the advertising and celebrity endorsements but I am not sure if it would be my first choice.
4	An old roommate of mine LOVES Pinkberry.  After dinner at Roasting Company with Hannah, I wanted something sweet, so we swung by here.  The best thing about it is that you can get as many toppings as you want as long as it fits into the cup.  The original was tasty, but the coconut froyo was the winner.  Go get the Coconut froyo.  Now.  The next day I went again (before dinner this time) with my friend Laura I. (who lives in CLT) and she loved it too. The ladies working are always nice... Although maybe not always the brightest???  They told me they were out of smoothie lids, but had parfait lids... And I think the parfait and smoothies go in the same cups... So... Yeah.  oh, and I got a medium.  While it looks like a lot, I still wanted more it was that good.
5	As of January 2011, the new featured favor is blood orange Pinkberry! I have been a fan for years, and this is by far my favorite flavor ever. Today I got the original/blood orange swirl and my toppings were blood orange pieces, fruity bears, yogurt chips, coconut, and orange puree. This was the best Pinkberry concoction I've ever had. Highly recommended!Side note: The Arboretum location is slightly larger and much less crowded than Phillips Place.
3	Hit up the Pinkberry in Phillip's Place after a movie on Friday night. As  expected, it was packed (even at 10pm) and the line was almost out the door. We decided to wait it out as I had a treat craving. Once inside, I noticed that it was small but very clean, and all the tables seemed to be taken up by the "young crowd." Must be a high school hangout on Fridays; guessing that might be because of the high school aged workers behind the counter. Either way, the line moved very quickly and we found ourselves ready to order in no time. There were around five different froyo flavors and a plethora of toppings (from healthy fruit to candy).The girl serving us was very friendly and helpful, even offering up some tips. I went with the small mango cup with kiwi, blueberries, and strawberries. Per our server, you can have as many topics as will fit in the cup once you choose to pay for toppings. My boyfriend got a medium coconut with pineapple topping. Both were good, but a bit bitter (and pricey at over $11) for my taste. Overall, I'll go back to Pinkberry (probably after another movie), but if I have a hankering for some froyo and am not at Phillip's Place, I'll drive to the Yoforia for their sweeter options.
5	Been here a good amount of times - better than all the other places that have froyo. Last experience was good because they gave me a loyalty card! It's clean and good food and wasn't too packed the times I have been.  I'll keep coming back for more.dmo out
5	So Yummy and everything I expected! I wanted my own Pinkberry  experience after seeing it on Sex and the City for years. The sizes are large so I would stick with a small or medium yogurt. My 'yogurt  scooper' was so nice and let me try as many flavors as I wanted. If you're not sure what toppings to add on, ask the person behind the counter, they are experts. My favorite combo is chocolate with strawberries and waffle cone bits. The location is perfect, you can grab a treat and then walk around to all the other shops in the plaza while enjoying a semi-guilt free treat!
4	Ah Pinkberry, how you remind me of LA. Now if only they could bring an in and out over here I'd be set! This location is very nice for enjoying your froyo and people watching. And it's open pretty late so you could even get a snack after the movies next door!I usually just stick with original and pile the fruit on, but they have a good amount of flavors and huge variety of toppings for you to personalize your yogurt. They also change the flavors available sometimes to give you some variety since they only carry about 6-8 flavors at a time. The employees have always been really nice and helpful to me, which is appreciated since I tend to go during weird times like 9pm or during lunch.
5	I think I can do it in a triple haiku:Sweet tooth but feel likeSomething's missing in your life?Pinkberry is itFeeling decadent?Hello, salty caramelYou're the bomb naked...What now? Toppings too?!Just add choc'latey goodnessFor true dessert bliss
4	I do love Pinkberry! Their yogurt is very fresh-tasting. The employees are always very friendly. I can do without the WELCOME TO PINKBERRY shout-out every single time I walk in there, but that's what they're instructed to do. I like the control over cleanliness you get with having servers assemble your treat, but--in the end--I prefer to do it myself. If I want 1 piece of strawberry and 1/3 cup of Reese's Pieces, then I can do that at the self-serve yogurt places. They're so dainty with the toppings. It gets a little annoying.Location-wise, it is very convenient, especially if you've just seen a movie or dined at Dean & Deluca. That said, the space--while cute--is extremely small and cramped-feeling. I am only 5'4", but I feel like the Jolly Green Giant in there. I don't know if the furniture is extra short, or if it is the stanchions, but I usually can't wait to get out of the store. Once you get outside, there are 3 tables, and that is it. I often eat my Pinkberry while walking or sitting at the fountain.
2	Not listening to a fellow Yelp'r (Tiffany N.) I took it upon myself to try this place out hoping for the best.  But....it fell flat.  First off, I prefer the do it yourself style of TCBY and a few other places.  Also, there were only like 5-6 flavors?  Meh.  Another no-no for me was that this is another fro yo place that is based on the tart style yogurt that I am not a fan of.  All things being equal I have to say the salty caramel flavor I tried wasn't half bad but it was like choosing the lesser of two evils.I will say I do like this location though, nice fountain outside to sit and enjoy your yogurt at the end of the day.
2	BLAH!!!  When will frozen yogurt places get it????  We want DIY and we dont want your stupid TART frozen yogurt!!!!  What a disappointment this place was!  I was here a few weeks ago - totally jacked about a new frozen yogurt place and I should have listened to Tiffany!  This is NOT my kind of place.  I dont need some pimply-faced queen in training to be my YUM EXPERT (as he called himself) and try to explain how to build a treat.  I know what I want and I know the right portions of which topping grrrrrr!!!!!  The yogurt was pinch in the back of your mouth tart and the toppings (although plentiful) were all in different proportions as to what I would have preferred but since I didn't want to be in there for an hour explaining this to my YUM EXPERT I let him do it and of course it wasnt right and not worth the money.  TCBY me anyday!!!  Bleh!
4	Fantastic place to enjoy frozen yogurt with your choice of toppings (candy, nuts, chocolate, and fruit).  Service is quick - you select which line is appropriate (newbie or regular).  My yogurt topped with strawberries fit the bill to cool me off in the heat of the summer.  However, it will cost you much more than a $1 cone - you get what you pay for!  Great place to stop after the movies.
3	It was good.  It wasn't great.  I've heard SO much hype about this place and like some other fellow yelpers, I just don't get it either.  I was told there was unlimited toppings, I'm not sure if that means unlimited as in free, or as in, you can pay for unlimited toppings.  I was just shocked that a medium cup of yogurt with toppings was almost $7.  Hello Harris Teeter, I'll take my 2 pints of Ben & Jerry's when you've got that sale going on!The mango yogurt was very good and I really liked that they had fresh fruit toppings.  However, the salted caramel and the coconut were simply - not yummy.  The coconut was so tart (Melissa B., I gotta agree with you on this one!).  If I'm in the area again, I might get a mango treat, but other than that, I wouldn't hike it out there again!
2	$10 for two small cups?! Really? Yes, really. You'll shell out the Benjamin's for a small, yet, tasty cup of yogurt...perhaps it's because it's in a prime location with hefty overhead. In any case, it's a bit overrated.  There are no non-dairy options; however, once you select your flavor(s), you can pile on whatever topping and as much as you can. The seem to carry less flavors than their competitors. Service is traditional and an employee takes your order...I have to admit, keeping things more sanitary is a plus in my germaphob book. Definitely "works," but I'd rather take the extra car ride and find a Yorforia or even TCBY for that matter for a lower cost, more delicious treat....even if I have to do it myself.
4	I've been meaning to try this place for a bit when it showed up on the "nearby" search of my Yelp app. As is dictated by unwritten dessert/movie theater zoning requirements, this Pinkberry is located directly opposite the theater and so is a perfect way to pick up a cold snack after taking in a flick.Unlike some of the other frozen yogurt places that have more of a creamier tasting product, Pinkberry has a tartiness that some like and some don't. You'll want to get a free sample to see if it is to your taste before making a commitment. I found that the right topping addition cut the sweetness and really make for a delicious dessert. I'd recommend going with the nuts and not so much the sweeter toppings.After trying their pumpkin and chocolate, I ended up with a small cup (the next size up from kids) with the plain (vanilla).Good service from a youngster who knew the product and was more than happy to help me figure out how to enjoy it as well. I'll be back!
5	I love this place.  Frankly I'd rather go to pinkberry than an ice cream shop- and I'm not a health nut or anything.I enjoy the tartness of the original, and my usual order is a small original with mango, raspberries and maybe some mochi.Sometimes I like to go for half original / half chocolate... however, although I do love chocolate, I found that getting a whole cup of just chocolate was overkill.  I think if you don't have the original in there for contrast, you eventually stop being able to taste the chocolate by the end.They have a seasonal peppermint flavor that is just fantastic (with peppermint bark and dark chocolate crisps, it's great.  Also, try some pomegranate seeds... oddly they work well together).All of their other flavors are tasty, but it's the original that keeps me coming back.Oh, and I recommend the fresh fruit topping instead of the candy (except on the peppermint)... it just works better.
5	This was my first time at a Pinkberry outside NYC. My server was very pleasant and helpful. I always enjoy getting the original with mangoes and yogurt chips. Nice place to go if you're tired of ice cream.
4	Who turned on the hater-ade for Pinkberry?  The West Coast tart fro-yo sensation has finally made its way to the Southeast and is suffering from a bit of culture clash if you read just a handful of earlier local reviews.  Having now had this treat on both coasts, and comparing it to the influx of other tart yogurts in town, I'm still willing to drive over to the 'berry when possible.Here's the deal, unlike the self-serve fro-yo competition, at Pinkberry the product is kept behind the counter and served to you by employee.  Yes, the servers can get a bit too perky at times and portions sizes are controlled, but they will happily let you sample as many of the flavors as you like and are good for offering suggestions for either flavor mixes or toppings to apply.  I understand the appeal of self-serve offered by the competitors, but then when I think of the number of hands involved in that process I'll gladly take, " What is sanitation for $100, Alex."  Once you choose your flavor(s) of fro-yo you can then choose your size of cup or cone and whether you want to add toppings or not.  Toppings are unlimited once you start to add them, but that does change the price.  It's all explained pretty logically on the boards behind the counter.  If you are looking to go big on your fro-yo, this is probably not your place since sizes are set, but if you are looking for a rational treat that does not blow-out the calorie count for the day, well Pinkberry is there for you.Yes, the yogurt is tart primarily and that means it is not loaded with sugar.  This is a different taste if you've not had it before.  I find it lighter and refreshing, and I like the fact the Pinkberry's flavors tend not to be "pucker-quality" tart, something that I sometimes find with the competition.  There is always the original plain flavor, nice in its own right, but there is usually a seasonal flavor or two that is available for a limited time.  I can usually find a couple interesting flavors to mix.  So I like to think of Pinkberry as more of a premium tart fro-yo experience, which fits in perfectly at its location in Phillips Place.  Can you slum it for greater volume and choice?  Yes.  But is there a difference in quality?  Yes too.  Pinkberry chooses quality over quantity.
5	It's amazing how many fro-yo spots have opened up in the QC and surrounding within the past 2 years.  My first Pinkberry experience was in Burbank, CA when I was  visiting a friend, and it was my initiation into the "Fantastic Tart Froyo Fan Club".  I'm not into overly-sugary treats, so being able to put Fruity Pebbles on my froyo without catching the diabeetus was huge for me.  So when FINALLY, a full 2 years after experiencing the ecstasy that is Gummy Bears and Fruity Pebbles on original yogurt, CLT got its very own P-berry.  I jumped for joy, let me tell you.  I've tried other froyo substitutes since P-berry, but they pale in comparison.  Freshest toppings, best tasting yogurt, and they don't try and appeal to everyone with 40 million flavors.  Just a few that change out every now and then.  Keeping it simple, I like that.  It may be a little pricier than the others but WAY worth it.  I will always keep coming back to the 'berry.  It's frawsome.
3	Pinkberry is my 2nd favorite fro-yo establishment in town.PROS: cutest modern decor ever, rich yogurt flavor, fresh, quality ingredients, clean establishmentCONS: expensive (not weigh by the ounce), employee makes your cup for you instead of self serve, parking at this location is annoying on the weekends
5	I have been to Red Mango and have enjoyed it, but after going to Pinkberry, I am definitely a fan! There is something special about their tart original! I ordered a medium with the peanut butter and original. I added strawberries, watermelon, raspberries, blueberries, and by recommendation of the employee, I also added sliced banana and honey! It was the best treat! Better than Cheescake from Cheesecake Factory, no joke. My companion got the strawberry and mango mix. He added cookies and cream.I also sampled the watermelon flavor! It was very subtle and very good! Highly recommend!
4	Of course Charlotte has plenty of frozen yogurt varieties to choose from. This one happens to be the "high end" of them all...& in a prime location in South Park.While there's plenty of reviews regarding this location, I won't say too much.Today's visit (as well as one other time) had the same cheerful, helpful employees & the same offerings of toppings (from fruits to sweets)...which all looked good & fresh. While they don't offer many yogurt flavors, surely you can create a frozen treat with the variety of toppings.  I do appreciate the "thickness" of the yogurt. The inside was clean & tables were clear of stickiness/yogurt "residue".I have to echo other sentiments, they are a bit pricey, but hey, if you're in Phillips Place anyway, cost isn't too big of a deal. ;)
4	I'm a huge fan of the FroYo scene in Charlotte and I'm happy we have Pinkberry as a part of it. Where my first choice will always be a local joint, these guys do bring a pleasant experience every time. Always eager to educate on their flavors, benefits of yougrt/probiotic and toppings. I'm savvy on the peanut butter flavor and blood orange whenever they have it. Amazing flavor to capture in yogurt. Not easily done and scarcely done well. Pinkberry definitely has strengths and weaknesses when it comes to toppings. The dark chocolate crisps are something from heaven. Incredible little morsels of crispy chocolate joy. We actually had them at our wedding with our froyo bar. The only downside is the fruit. A little large cut for my liking. Not a deal breaker, just don't typically order any fruit on my yogurt due to the larger sizes. Small dice is the way to go. We frequent Pinkberry often. I appreciate their flavors and always look forward to their other seasonals! Cheers to FroYo!
2	This location's prices are absolutely absurd.  Just 2 hours ago, I paid $6.98 for a medium Original yogurt with 2 toppings.  That's $7 dollars for a cup of frozen yogurt.  Mind you, the medium cup looks quite large, but with this being Pinkberry, they filled about 60% of it with actual yogurt.  (This, however, tends to be a fault with all Pinkberry locations.)  The flavor and quality is not that spectacular that it warrants such incredibly premium pricing.I blame this on Charlotte.  It's a good town, but there is absolutely no competition in frozen yogurt.  Explains how Pinkberry can get away with $7 for a medium cup of yogurt - same goes for the location in Southpark Mall.  I found it shocking and appalling, truthfully.  Shocking & appalling.  Red Mango (along with independent business owners), please jump on this and teach Pinkberry a lesson.  Thank you.2 stars instead of 1 because of fairly good Pinkberry froyo consistency, quality & having the staple toppings (specifically mochi - also try lemon cookie crisp, actually very good).
4	How can you not love pinkberry? So tasty and refreshing. You can customize it to include fresh fruit or more decadent toppings like chocolate, marshmallows, even mochi. The pinkberry that I used to go to in Virginia always had a crazy long line. This one gets busy, but it's never as bad as Virginia's, so all the more reason for me to go. This location is also clean and the staff is extremely friendly. And it's right next to the movie theater. Great spot for date night. Love it!
5	Love me some Pinkberry! When I am in the mood, I always get myself a mini :) Just enough satisfaction to get me moving on~Perfect location, not as packed as other Pinkberries I have been to! My cousins always had to wait in a long line for Pinkberry in DC. Lucky me, lucky you!
5	I have been to Pinkberry many times but my last visit I discovered the chocolate hazelnut flavor yogurt - so sad it took so long for me to get there to try it! They still have the peanut butter flavor and when swirled together - amazing! I always think they have the freshest of fresh fruit out because it always looks delicious and tastes very fresh. I will definitely be returning for a repeat of what I had.
5	YUM!!!I absolutely LOVE Pinkberry...it's one of the newest favorite items on my "must have" list! This location is right on the corner across from the movies, it's small and very clean, there are always a lot of employees working behind the counter, the samples are endless and the toppings are so delicious! I love that they offer not only sprinkles, nuts and chocolate but also fresh fruit and those amazing waffle cookies....A new found delight is the pomegranate sauce, they keep it hidden away, so make sure to ask for it after you finish loading up your yogurt with delicious toppings. This visit I had the coconut and mango....two of my absolute favorite flavors, they were refreshing and so full of flavor and it was not watered down at all it tasted wonderful! What made this visit even better....as if it could get any better!!! Is that my small with topping was FREE because I signed up for the mobile app! So if you haven't done so make sure to sign up and take advantage of that free treat. And yes....it is pricey....I agree with all the previous reviews but in my opinion as a treat from time to time it is totally worth it!
4	This place is on-par with Arbroretum locale. Servers give you no hassle about sampling before you buy. Very pricey for FroYo, but this is the Cadillac of FroYo in Charlotte.
4	Pinkberry has great yogurt. My top pick would be the hazelnut chocolate. This location is clean and has great service.  The only downfall is the parking since it shares parking with the movie theater.
5	My tongue beat my lips to death.Can we have a Amen ? Why is there not more people here? A Great location . Yumm Yumm I am glad this place is not closer I would be mopping the floors for free. Look  do not take my word for it  fight the traffic losen your belt get a spoon and pray for another cup of that creamy heaven. And my point is...  Mikey tried it and he likes it he likes it... I need a larger spoon.
4	Pinkberry is clean, pretty, and tasty! While I prefer serve yourself froyo joints like, Yoforia, I have to say, the people behind the counter do give you a generous amount of toppings and yogurt. AND i'm sure it's more sanitary! The prices are a bit steep, 5.50 total for a small cup of yogurt. But, it's a nice treat and it's close to home. I'll be back!
4	Pinkberry is my favorite fro-yo and on this visit, I went with the peach topped with blueberries and slivered almonds. Yum!  I love the fact that they use high quality ingredients and the fact that this place is not self-serve (I not a fan of that sort of place.)
4	I was so happy to discover that there is a PINKBERRY in charlotte because it's definitely what I miss most about California. I was really disappointed they didn't serve chocolate hazelnut flavored frozen yogurt because it's THE BEST! but I settled for the peach flavor and it's just as delicious. What I like about PINKBERRY is that they are consistent with their yogurt.. Some yogurt places can either be too milky or just plain out not right. And I enjoy how they do everything for you because having self serve yogurt shops can be a little unsanitary.
4	If I had to pick a frozen yogurt place in Charlotte, this is my spot! My pet peeve with frozen yogurt has to be when it's watery and doesn't have that solid consistency. Pinkberry does that right on a consistent basis even though they may not have as many toppings as some of the pay by ounce places. However, they let you load as many toppings as you can fit in the cup which is usually more than enough for me anyway. Their almond roca and wafer rolls easily beat out any other toppings other places have so combine that with their yogurt and I will keep coming back time and time again. Now all they need is a location closer to my apt so I can go there more often.
3	So, you can't dispense your own yogurt nor can you add your own toppings.  This place is like a middle school cafeteria where you point at your selection and hope for the best.  Maybe some people like for others to do the work for them, but I enjoy customizing my own frozen yogurt!  The staff are always friendly and very eager to assist you!  The location is prime!!  And, the walk around the shops with your frozen yogurt is a ritual for many locals.  Enjoy!!
3	I'm not really sure how long this Pinkberry location has been open... it is conveniently located next to the Phillips Place movie theater so definitely a great location for it, but the downside is movie theater traffic...   as well as the soccer mom/dads picking up their kids from the movies.  There is a fountain with a round-about, but when I visited this time around there was a big mini van just idling in the middle of the roundabout.  I gave her a min to figure out what she was doing, but apparently she had created her own pick-up late/space right outside of the Pinkberry!  Very annoying and a clear hazard should any emergency vehicles need to pass through.Rant aside, finally parked in the parking deck behind the Pinkberry.  There are 4-5 dedicated Pinkberry spots that have a 30min limit on them located directly behind the store.There is a door from the back so you don't have to walk around the building.What I noticed immediately was that it was warmer inside the store than outside!  I didn't see a sign about their A/C being on the fritz, but they had their front doors wide open, but that could be why there wasn't a comfortable temperature inside.Had their "shake of the day" which was a caramel macchiatto which was super decedent but nice on a great fall day.  The staff was super nice and we lucked out since it was a gorgeous day and there wasn't a horrible line for service.
4	Pinkberry is the jam! I love that this is NOT a self-serve place. I don't need a FREAKIN' bucket of fro-yo. I want fresh toppings that haven't been tainted by small children's germ ridden fingers. I love the consistency and flavor of Pinkberry. Their tart flavors are actually tart! They have non-tart offerings as well. Their offerings change with the season, which I love. There is always something new to try! Sign up on their website to get a free small yogurt with toppings on your birthday.
