5	I've had other pest control companies in the past, but what TheLens New Pest Solutions did for me, made me very happy I took a chance on a local company. I had them come out just a week after my previous pest control company was here-even though the old company did a treatment, I was still seeing live insectsInside and outside my house.  When TheLens arrived he explained exactly what he was going to do, did an inspection, performed the service and checked out with me after the service, and also explained what I could do to prevent future problems. I have never had another pest control company go over this with me. The technician was veryKnowledgeable and  I would be very happy to refer TheLens New Pest Solutions to anyone over any other Las Vegas Pest control company.
5	Clay from Thelens New Pest Solutions is extremely meticulous in his inspection of homes for pests. He also creates a comprehensive report and treatment plan. His prices are very fair and he is on time, friendly, and reliable. I use him for several of my properties.
5	When I initially purchased my Vegas property last Fall, we had a slight infestation of roaches, crickets, and spiders. I gave Clay from New Pest Solutions a call to come check out the problem. He arrived on schedule and did a thorough inspection of my home. After his inspection, he provided a detailed analysis of pests at the property and things to look out for. He applied a treatment that killed all pests, which gave my girlfriend piece of mind! Since then, we've been pest free! Clay's prices are extremely fair and I suggest setting up a regularly scheduled treatment of your home. And as the other reviewer stated, Clay is very friendly and punctual. Highly recommended.
4	I called TheLens after finding a scorpion shortly after moving into my home. Clay was an hour late for our appointment, but called ahead of time to let me know. He was very accommodating to my schedule and even offered to come the same day I called. He was very thorough and spent two hours inspecting the outside of my home and applying the treatment inside and out. He went over everything with me afterward and gave me tips for things I could do to prevent bugs from entering my home. I would definitely recommend this company to everyone.
