3	I'm not really sure how I feel about this place yet. I got the chili rellenos, and didn't really care for them...they had a funny windex flavored aftertaste. My hubby really liked his carne asada burrito though. They have a pretty wide variety of things you can order, so I'm willing to give this place another try. I really liked the green salsa (lots of garlic), the red was pretty average. The prices are reasonable. My hubby's burrito was big and full of steak that he really liked. I'll post again and re-rate after I try something else from here :) So, for now it can get a middle of the road.
3	I'm a big mexican food buff.  I continue on on my struggles to find at least one really good mexican food place in vegas.....  the search continues...
3	Stopped by here for an early dinner the other day.  I live around the corner and have never tried it.  Since Eddie D's is two doors down, I always get distracted.  However, this particular day I wanted Mexican Food and was determined to try it out.I ordered a Carne Asada Burrito ($4.75) and an Al Pastor Taco ($2.40).  The restaurant is casual and has 15 or so tables, plenty of seating.  There's a small Salsa Bar (see pics) and a soda fountain.The food came out after a short wait.   The Burrito was smoking hot....I could barely hold on to it, so I waited a few minutes while it cooled off a bit.  After cooling down a bit, I dove right in.  I was disappointed to discover that it's exactly like Roberto's Taco Shop.....damn.  The Carne Asada Burrito was just ok.....I think a bunch of Roberto's former employees must have went around town opening Taco Shops.  I don't think you would be able to distinguish between the two.The Al Pastor Taco was a disappointment too.  It lacked the flavor that I expect from Al Pastor.....the smoky, marinated flavor.  It was bland.Overall, it was disappointing, but filling and OK.Will I return?  Probably not.
3	Man, I don't know how to feel about this place.I mean, I want to like it. It's near my office. The prices are fair. The food is good. The place is clean. They have a lot of salsa and stuff. But, that's just it. Everything seems par for the course here. There isn't anything that really blows me out of the water. The only thing that makes me like this place is that the service is always fast. That cannot be denied! Still, that's not enough to keep me coming here over going to other places.
5	If you like tripas, this place is a freaking gold mine. I've tried tripas all over the place in Southern California, and this is the best place I've come across.  They deep fry them here and get them all extra crispy. A burrito with tripas, beans, cheese, and pico de gallo is perhaps the most satisfying thing ever.  If you are wondering what tripas are, they are the small intestine of a cow.  It sounds gross, but it kinda tastes like bacon with a mild liver flavor, and when they are crispy it has such a satisfying texture.Also, the way they grill their tortillas for their burritos here is fantastic.  Most restaurants don't put that attention to detail in their burritos.  In fact I'm gonna go there right now and order a tripas burrito now that I think about it.
4	Had the chimichanga from here. Wasn't bad at all. Was actually the best one I had at a fast food mex shop. When you order anything with chicken you can tell them you don't want it with onions and peppers. By doing this they won't serve you the chicken that's been sitting in the pot all day with the onions and peppers (like Roberto's does). Instead they grill all white meat chicken and stuff that bad boy in your chicken burrito or chimichanga. Its def way better and cleaner
3	I went here for lunch. This is just your run of the mill mexican joint nothing to special. My biggest complaint no Dr. Pepper.. are you kidding... DP is the most important thing to have at a mexican food place..
3	I wasnt impressed with the beef burrito but OMG on the enchiladas and its sauce. Ask for a side of nachos to soak up all the deliciousness! Forget the border if you are craving mexican and in the area they are a must try!
3	Quick, good mexican food.
4	Pretty good food, hard to communicate with staff, language barrier. Love the food here, never too busy.
4	Viva El Taco may just be my new taco hot spot.  Not only is it closer to me than the nearest Roberto's I get my $0.99 chicken tacos from on Wednesday nights but it also has the same special to include Tuesday as well.  That's right, I said Viva El Taco has $0.99 chicken tacos on Tuesday AND Wednesday.  Awesome!  I was there recently and while I did not get the chicken tacos I did get the beef version.  They were pretty darned good.  A lot of beef.  A lot of cheese.  A crunchy shell. I also got my other Roberto's favorite.  3 rolled beef tacos with guacamole.  These are a very close match to what I have craved for many years.  My dad got his standard carne asada burrito.  It was loaded with beef and salsa and no filler.  Just the way my dad likes.  I believe the price was better too. Roberto's has some competition now.
3	Okay, so I may have been a bit premature with my previous review of Viva El Taco. I still think their food is good and very much like Robertos. There is one big problem I have with them when compared to Robertos though. I went back to Viva last night for the $0.99 chicken tacos I mentioned previously. I got there around 6:10. I ordered 3 chicken tacos and 3 rolled tacos with guacamole. The price came to almost $10. WHAT?!  By my math it should have been closer to $6. When I questioned this high price I was pointed to the small print of a hand written sign that said the special price was only from 2:00 PM to 6:00 PM. That is just crazy to offer cheaper tacos during non peek hours. After lunch and before dinner. No wonder the restaurant was completely empty when I walked in. And they would not honor the price even though I was just a few minutes late. So I cancelled my order and went to Robertos instead. And do you know what? Robertos was packed. Kinda makes you think.
4	The best nachos in Vegas. Ask for extra pico de gallo and be sure and use their red hot sauce LIBERALLY!
3	Pretty good food. Some items on the menu are better then others. I love the Chimichanga and the soft tacos. The service is good and you never have to wait long. Great neighborhood joint. I prefer them over Roberto's. The prices are also very reasonable. The place is around the corner from my house...no need for me to go anywhere else. Viva Taco serves its purpose.
4	Great carne asada and fantastic enchiladas!!  Very nice people own and run this place, and I stop by a lot for the great deals.
5	you guys are the best! roberto's can't hold a candle to you!   LOVE u guys! ty!
1	Worst guacamole EVER.  It was thin & watery.  The chips (that weren't completely cooked) were soggy.  The refried beans were too salty & the Spanish Rice was just OK
5	The good here was OKAY. I had gone to a really authentic Mexican style restaurant called "Taco Bell" a few days before and was using that experience as a barometer. They had several different levels of spicy sauces and a lot of menu options. I would eat here again.
4	Nice clean place.  Im a picky eater when it comes to Mexican food and they made everything I wanted the way I wanted it.  Carne Asada Fries to die for...YUMMMM!  Beans and rice were really good and so was the chicken burrito.  I will definitely be going back soon!
5	Loaded with meat! Price is right. Huge portions. They don't mess around! You won't be disappointed! Better than Baja Taco! Pepsi products takes this place to the top! Viva El Taco please viva forever!
1	The place is noticeably dirty, customer service is practically non existent. As for the food, it is pricey and everything tasted like it was re heated at least 2 or 3 times. Tortillas (for the soft tacos) were old and pretty 'gummy', the meat had no seasoning and tasted old, the burrito was greasy and tasteless. Finally the nachos were just a big blob of gunk ... A big pile of greasy, tasteless gunk. Don't waste your time in this place, I know I'll never come back again.
1	The worst Mexican place. The beef is boiled and it was disgusting. The hard tacos are soft. And the sauce smells and tastes like ammonia. Bad day for Mexican.
2	This place is close to my house and I've wanted to try it for some time. I was working near my house so the opportunity presented itself.I had a combination plate beef burrito, cheese enchilada, with rice and beans.The rice and beans were average. The burrito was shredded beef with onions and what I believe was a sauce made of tomatillos, since it was tart. The volume of the sauce and onions, equaled that of the beef (imagine you ordered a quarter pound hot dog, and the covered it with a quarter pound of catsup and onions), the proportions were totally wrong and I didn't care for it. The cheese enchilada was just okay.Well as I said, I wanted to try it, I did, I won't be back. Too many good Mexican restaurants to return here.
1	Horrible...I'll never eat at this place again. I found spiders crawling around in my carne Asada fries... Disgusting
4	The chicken torta was great moist flavorful chicken and a perfect roll soft but substantial. The fish tacos were fried fish. Normally not my favorite,  however, the batter was well seasoned and crispy and there was no over powering fish taste to the meat just the way a good fish taco should taste. I look forward to my next trip to see these guys.
2	This place is similar to Roberto's, but a little cheaper. I've eaten here a handful of times and have tried different things. My favorite thing here is the breakfast burritos. Bacon, eggs and fries instead of diced potatoes, yum. On my last visit I tried the chile relleno and chicken tacos, but I didn't like either. They didn't cut the seeds out of the pepper in the relleno so it was super spicy and I got a mouthful of seeds in every bite! No bueno! The chicken tacos had hardly any chicken and mostly just lettuce. I got this order to go, but if you want to dine-in there is plenty of seating and the salsa bar always looks fresh and is well stocked. The cashier is always friendly and the food comes out quick. I will probably be back for the breakfast burritos.
