3	After living in the area for about 8 months, I finally looked into this place. We never even knew it was a bowling alley!! I thought it was a tile store or something that I wouldn't care about.Reasonably priced at $2.50/game before 6pm and $3.50 after 6.The big bummer about this place for those of us accustomed to a pitcher of beer while you bowl was no bar!  I let that go because it has a nice little diner/grill connected to it.Don't come here expecting fancy new scoring machines or ball returns. But it has an authentic, classic bowling alley feel with an arcade and pool tables that sort of resemble something at a Boys and Girls club. Overall, a nice local joint to remind me how frustrating bowling makes me.
3	Not a bad little bowling alley.  They have probably around 15 lanes but the place has never been crowded when we're there (which I enjoy).  The lanes are in good condition.  While the scoring system is old, the monitors hanging from the ceiling that display the score are all new.  The games were reasonably priced, especially after checking into prices at the epicenter bowling alley which were outrageous.  There's a cute little diner in the bowling alley that I always want to try but we've never ordered food here.  There's nothing too special about this place but if you're looking to bowl in the Belmont area this is the place I'd recommend (unless you want to get your drink on in which case you'll need to go somewhere else, no alcohol sold here).
4	From first glance, and not being from Belmont, the pharmacy/grill/bowling alley combo in one building appears somewhat odd.  And I suppose it is.We met up with a group for a couple of games and some snacks from the grill and the atmosphere is family friendly, clean and although somewhat dated, still a fun place to hang out.  There is a pool area adjacent to the lanes and while we were there on a Wednesday night, there was a decent crowd milling about.The grill fare is what you'd expect - chicken tenders/onion rings and fries were on our platter of choice...nothing special, but definitely doable for snacks while you bowl.Having not bowled in about 10 years, I survived the games and won't soon be asked to join any bowling leagues, but would go back if invited and would recommend for a local or someone like me just there for the night.
5	Cheap bowling, clean, serves food, & has pool tables. What else could you ask for in a bowling alley?
5	This review is for the Grill Restaurant.Step back twenty years (maybe thirty?) To the pharmacy fountain diner, where the food I'd pure comfort and totally cheap! Watch for daily specials and enjoy the nostalgic lunch experience. Recommend everything and don't forget to feed the tip jar!
2	Have been here on 2 different occasions with my family. Both times I was disappointed. A bowling alley should be a fun atmosphere. There was nothing, no music playing so I went to the desk & asked if they could play some music. The guy said yea. Now mind you, there was nobody  waiting to pay, check in. Not busy at all. 15 long minutes later I hear some soft sounds. After another 5 minutes hoping they'd turn it up, I go to the desk AGAIN & ask if they could turn it up so we could hear it over the sounds of bowling. The guy looked like it irritated him but agreed. The place sounded like a morgue! It's just not a place I associate with fun at all which is NOT what it should be. The balls kept hanging up in our 2nd visit which was rather irritating bc it was one after the other. Finally they changed our lane but NO REAL give two hoots  customer service. I WILL NOT SEE IF THE 3rd TIME IS THE CHARM. The food is better than the customer service, although when a lil busy it's very unorganized & long wait for even sodas.
1	I don't enjoy writing bad reviews, but I love bowling & it'd be nice not to have to travel to Gastonia or Charlotte to bowl. There must be a reason this place is always empty... even with its dirt cheap prices. With that said, I went once a few years ago and vowed never to go back. The floors are so oily, I slipped or fell on my walk up every single time!!! I wasn't able to find the 6 lb. ball within the already limited selection. Food is limited and all fried, that's not a good thing either. I couldn't wait to leave, I remember thinking: this place is trying to kill me.Please just increase your prices and invest in some upgrades.
