1	I fail to see a reason for this store to even exist.Item selection in this store is sporadic, poor, the quality can not be attested to and the prices are completely arbitrary.The store it self has a dirty and temporary feel to it. The crowd that this store attacks is also less than savory.The store seems out of place in this neighborhood and has little use to me. Other than looking for Halloween costume crap I would not recommend stopping in here.
1	Popped in here on a whim one day, and wandered around for a bit.  Didn't actually want to really touch much of anything, I felt like I was in that show "Hoarders" but the hoarder had OCD....so it was slightly organized filthy crap.The furniture in the back looked so sad, I can't imagine any other Goodwill in the valley accepting it.  Most of it looked like it had been scavenged from next to dumpsters.I did end up buying a few of the bags of cloth they have, but only because they are for sewing projects and I knew I could dump them in the washer and sterilize the crap out of them when I got home.  I love going to thrift stores, but this was slumming at a level I could not have imagined.
5	I'm not sure why the previous reviews were so poor, as I refer to this Goodwill location as the "Nordstrom" of Goodwills.  I've found Banana Republic pants in perfect condition for a dollar, Ann Taylor Loft Pants brand spanking new for a dollar , A Pea in the Pod maternity pants which retail for $100 for a dollar, a Chicos Travelers outfit NEW with tags for a dollar.  Yes, some of the stuff shouldn't even be out on the shelves, but that's what you get when you visit a thrift store.  Patience and looking through the racks on dollar days can find you some fantastic clothing!
4	Hidden Treasures Await!!! Be patient be ioen minded:) sometimes u find something sometimes you dont.
5	This Goodwill is much better than many I've been to, in fact it may be my favorite one, and I really know my way around the Valley's second hand stores...  The store is clean and bright, the employees are very friendly, the aisles are organized and it doesn't smell like grandma's underwear drawer.  A big bonus for me is their $1 Thursdays: Everything with that day's colored tag is $1.  You can find some AWESOME stuff for just a buck.  SCORE!
4	Not as good as the Ahwatukee one, but I picked up some cheap kids toys and books.  Even a glow in the dark dinosaur bones building set!  I was in for some of those Fido clamping jars.  No such luck this time but I'll be back.
3	I stopped by last Saturday when Goodwill had there 50% off sale. The sale is every other Saturday and is at other stores as well. I didn't see anything I wanted but then again I usually don't buy much when I visit.  I just like to browse around during the summer months as it's cooler then hitting garage sales and buying too much would make me a hoarder.
4	It's like a gamble, sometimes you win big and sometimes nothing.I think I'm hooked.  Sometimes I drop in just to see what there is.I used to be anti thrift store cuz I never found anything decent, but now that I go more routinely I have had some success in the "finds" area.An awesome chaise that numerous friends want, shoes I've picked up for a friend in N. CA, purse that turned me onto a brand that's made in LA -that means Made in the USA!  Great shoes that I'm guessing just didn't work out for the previous owner, stuffed toys for my dogs, comforters for my car -because of the dogs, my kids fixation on books means we can fill the need for even less than what I would pay at Changing Hands.It took some time but clearly I am a fan.
5	This is a Goodwill store that I will go to more than once. It is clean and well organized for sure. I was looking for some wires to hook up one of those wonderful Electronic devices.I had gone around to serveral Goodwills in the Valley. I could not find one anywhere. I even went to Big Lots, No Luck!So I finally came to this location. It is clean ,which is  a great thing.Everything is in order.Plus, guess what !  I found the wires and hook up bits that I needed. Plus there is just so much to look at all the way around.Great place, great deals. Lots of parking in the lot. Employees are great People and very helpful!
5	The staff is incredibly friendly and the store is very clean.  They have a very organized, large selection of merchandise and parking is plentiful. There's another store closer to my house but I drive to this one because of the staff & clean store.
5	I find me some treasures here! way easier than looking for stuff while smashing a city and fighting off helicopters and jets. Okay books. NO CASSETTES RAWR Rawr. rawr (whispered). ELECTRONICS HAVE BEEN BETTER THAN MOST GOODWILLS.Also there is a female member of the staff with a very high voice that makes me giggle every time she says anything. I would take her hostage if I decided to smash south chandler. I would have her read my demands to the good people of the southeast valley. Reviewers Mandi ( really with an "i?"hick has a never again list. WOW!) and EVAN B. I fail to see why your reviews exist. Your reveiws, "it self has a dirty and temporary feel to it." you should delete it! ain't nothing elite about it!
4	You're wasting your money if you didn't check here first!  : ) I like Goodwill!
2	Ok so when did Goodwill start pricing their clothes like Walmart.I picked up a plain colored tank top for $5.99! I said, "I can get it new at Walmart for $4.99." I was told the Goodwills in the valley are quite pricey. I won't be returning.
