3	Service was good and fast. I did spend most of my time trying to check in and realized this location had not been reviewed yet. Oh well.Back at my computer and not at the mercy of my "smart" phone.  This location is always pretty busy - that's why I was so surprised that it had not been reviewed yet.  I didn't even get to check in either.Back to the review.... the dining room is usually clean and they have a Ballantyne theme going on with some golf decor and pictures of the various holes on the golf course.  It does make the place feel a little out of it's element... it's still fast food with nice decorations.  I did also notice that the registers are pretty new-it has a monitor so that you can see what the cashier is entering for your order.Big Con is the parking lot... it can get a little congested... add that with Charlotte drivers and BIG SUV driving suburban soccer moms... doesn't bode well for the diner who is looking for a good burger with little distractions in the parking lot.
4	Happy about food presentation and flavor. New fries are great. I did NOT like the large sweet tea is $2.20... Keep up with the times. Drinks SHOULD BE $1.00
3	This location is a bit odd - unlike the Chick-Fil-A across the parking lot, you can pretty easily miss this place if you aren't looking for it. It isn't that they are hard to get into or anything, it's just that they are not easily noticed and several other restaurants can be found before you notice that Wendy's is even there.If you should happen to get to Wendy's? Nothing much fancy about it - it is on the newer side when compared to some of the older stores, which is nice. There are a few places around Charlotte that are definitely in need of a makeover, this one is more upscale, so that is nice. Staff is generally friendly too.
1	Had to be the worst experience I have ever had. Got double with cheese and fries to go. Burger had no cheese, toppings left off an others added, no fries and charged for all. I am guilty for not taking everything out of the bag and doing inventory, but don't think I should have to.
4	I live about a mile from this Wendy's and it is one of only two drive-thru restaurants in the Stonecrest shopping center.  The other being Chick Fil A - which I love, but since they make the chicken, and a girl needs some beef and bacon every once in a while, Wendy's is my choice for drive-thru when I need lunch/dinner and don't feel like putting on a bra or changing out of my night night pants.  Located next to Firebird's and diagonal from the movie theater, the drive-thru line can get a little long at times, but it's never as long as the Chick.  The line usually moves along well and I have never had an issue with being charged wrong or not getting the correct items (this is for about 1 visit per month).  For the drive-thru only...  I usually order a baconator.  I figure if I am working towards a heart attack, I had best do it right.  I love their new fries, and mine have been at least warm and generally crispy every time I go.  They also give me enough ketchup for said fries that I don't have to split the packets open with a straight edge and run the fries through the corners to get the ketchup.  The tea is always good and the frosties make for a nice treat every once in a while.  I have never actually been inside of the restaurant, so I can't speak to the indoor conditions.  But the drive-thru serves it's purpose and I have always gotten what I expected.
3	You pretty much already know what you're going to get with a fast food place, decent service and acceptable food with a killer amount of sodium.  Pros: The place is clean, plenty of parking, cheap.Cons: Service is random, had great and horrible service. Generally noticed they don't handle rushes well.  No available drink machine so you have to go back up front and they waste another cup on each refill.  Sodium levels in the food are ridiculous, have to plan your meals or you'll hit 2000 easy. Meh: music is non offensive, food quality is acceptable, traffic isn't that bad to get in and out.
