4	I noticed no one has written a review for "The Martini" (previously known as Martini's). However, since they are under new ownership I took it upon myself to devirginize them on Yelp.First of all, it's been forever since my last review--I've been so busy (aka lazy LOL), but I honestly think the people who work here and run the place are terrific and I hope a favorable first review will inspire other people to try this place.I often make my rounds at the smaller gaming bars/ restaurants near my house because:1. I hate the traffic on the Strip2. I prefer cozier places where I can actually have a conversation3. The prices on the Strip are outrageous (yes a $20 martini is not just an urban legend)My roommate and I had heard that one of our favorite bartenders Al who had formerly 'tended at the Sedona Restaurant moved here so we decided to give it a whirl. I had only been to the old Martini's once after pulling one of my all-nighters so I really didn't remember it well. Regardless, I was excited to try "The Martini" for the first time.My first impression when entering the place is that it's elegantly laid out and immaculately clean. This goes without saying, but sometimes you go into a gaming restaurant/ bar and it feels dirty and ghetto and it goes downhill from there. This is not the case with The Martini--it's nice.The staff here is GREAT and I've been here several times and have always had great service. The manager Nick is also great and he always thanks everyone for coming in. He seems to go out of his way to make sure everyone is comfortable regardless of age, race, or orientation--which I find highly respectable. I've also met several other industry people who work at restaurants / bars in the surrounding area, which is always a great sign that the place is good.The Martini also has a extensive & diverse food menu that's way better than your typical bar food. In the 6 or 7 occasions I've been here since their reopening, I've tried several dishes and haven't been disappointed yet. I really enjoyed their cheese & salumi plate and they use a filet for their steak & egg breakfast, which i did find exceptionally good.Of course they are known as "The Martini" so they have a wide selection of martinis & martini-esque drinks to choose from. I've tried the traditional and the Pom, which were both good and balanced. They also have a pretty good wine list to choose from, both by the glass and the bottle and several beers on tap.The place is also a full gaming bar with several machines along the bar--I'm not a huge gambler so I can't really comment on the machines but I'm sure you'll find something to tickle your fancy if you're into gaming. Overall I really like The 'new' Martini and it's my new go-to place near my house. If you live in the area or are passing through, give it a try!
5	Martini's was closed for a long time.  Not sure if it was because of the recession or some internal issue.  But it had been reopened for at least a month when I checked it out after a late night out.  Was told it is under new management.I only ate there once before the closing and was not impressed.  I ate there last night and loved it.  Whatever the new owners have done is working (except my Arnold Palmer which was way too sweet.  They must have terrible lemonade).1) Martini Sliders - some of the best sliders I've ever had.  High quality bun, a little blue cheese and caramelized onion, and thousand island dressing on the plate so you can put as much as you desire.  Meat was juicy with a nice seared crust on it.  Had that little bit of crispiness I like on a burger.  They seared it like a steak which is how it should be done.  Really just great.2) Chicken wings - served nice and crispy with either ranch or blue cheese dressing.  I got it mild so it was a bit bland.  Next time I'll get it hot.  But it was really well cooked.  Chicken was moist inside and the outside was nice and crispy.  They have the standard happy house menu late at night.  Great prices, great quality, great location, great atmosphere, and great service.Well done Martini.
4	Pretty delish!  We used to visit this place a lot but we hadn't been in quite a while.  My boyfriend insists that we keep coming back for one thing:  deep fried fluffernutter sandwhich with chocolate dipping sauce.  It's amazing and worth the sugar coma we lapse into after eating it.The new owners revamped the menu and we haven't been disappointed yet.  The staff is friendly and kind.
5	Fantastic bar and restaurant. Great atmosphere and the kitchen is knocking it out of the park. I had the pleasure of meeting the sous chef the other day who also works for the N9NE Group so you know the caliber is top-notch.As far as I know, they also have the only HCG diet-compatible menu in town, and they serve breakfast all day.
4	The only time I have been here is for my good friends birthday.  So, I have only been here twice.  I went here the second time a month ago, they changed a bit.  No more smoking inside?!?!?!?!?!?   Shit!!!!!!!!!!!!  However, their Martinis are to die for.  They even let me change things up with the specialty drinks!Food is good, but small.  Everybody working there is very friendly and I love it.  There is nothing better than alcohol and a smile!  Thanx Martini's!
4	Moved here after the original martini's closed and almost didn't try this place because of the confusing web links to old websites.  Luckily we found out they reopened and gave it a try.  Atmosphere - 4 out of 5.  The lounge looks awesome with comfy seats for small groups.  The martinis are great and we wanted to steal the Martini art but it wouldn't fit under our shirts.  The appetizers are very interesting and the Kobe sliders are very good.  Tried the truffle mac and cheese balls but they lacked flavor.  The rest of the food was great. So much more I want to try.  The martini's were also wonderful.  Definitely worth a try.  And although you can spend a lot here, the price is not unreasonable for the food you get and the markup on the wine is not so high as some places. The service was excellent, from the bartender who answered the phone and was very nice to our waiter who was very helpful.
4	Went last night.  Food good, no smoke, service a little slow.  Overall well worth it, especially with the $25 off coupon from ValPak.
3	Since this place reopened as THE Martini my husband and I have been twice. The first time was ehhh but we liked the atmosphere. The 2nd time we went was to give it another try and as well because everyplace else was too busy. That time around it was bleh. We had no desire to return....HOWEVER, after reading recent reviews on Yelp and again wanting to avoid long waits on a Friday night we gave it one more chance. Glad we did!  The food had flavor this time around, was fresh, and good portions. And, the funky smell was gone too. I had the tomato bisque with mini grilled cheese and it was excellent!  Then, finished with the fish and chips which tasted fresh and the batter was nice and crunchy without the fish being overcooked. My daughter loves the 5 cheese Mac n Cheese and also the trail mix salad. The only complaint this time around was the waitress' lack of desire or even willingness to try to change the TV (of 3 in the less than crowded room) to the college football game playing on ESPN. instead, we had to strain our necks to watch the game on the furthest away TV and be stuck with ESPN News on front of us instead. She even told us she didn't want to ask the bartender to change the channel...because of her lack of effort on that front her tip was only 10% vs 20% which she would've gotten otherwise.
4	We went for a quick drink and dinner.  Had a salad and my husband had the fish and chips.  Overall, the food was good, drinks were on special and the service was friendly.  Great atmosphere...lots of locals.
3	We came in around 4 for their happy hour and played video poker.  We tried the Ahi sliders and the Truffled mac & cheese balls.  Both of which were good, but not great.  They took a really long time to come out.  We had a couple of glasses of wine.  When the check arrived they had forgotten to price the food at the happy hour prices and we were charged for our wine despite playing the whole time we were there.  All in all, not bad, but not great.
3	A friend recently sent me a burger top 10 list from the Review Journal which included many local spots, the likes of which I've been trying to track down since starting this blog. Being the dummy that I am, I didn't pay attention to the date the article was posted until I tried to visit one of the locations only to find their kitchen is no longer open. Still determined to eat a burger that night, I tried a second location which had almost the same name but a totally different burger. That place is now called The Martini, and the burger was still really good.The Martini is kind of a 'hip' local neighborhood spot in Summerlin, great for yuppie housewives and overage guys that are too lazy to go all the way to the strip. Aside from the few groups of cougars and strange middle aged men drinking expensive bottles of champagne on a random Wednesday night it seemed like an ok place to grab a bite to eat.The burger from my list was no longer available, but in its place was an assembly with Wagyu Kobe beef, blue cheese, prosciutto, mushrooms, caramelized onions on a pretzel bun with Cabernet Demi for dipping. Quite a complex situation for such a basic spot, so I was very intrigued by this. They also offer an 'All American Burger' with more of the standard toppings, but I wasn't interested in that.My larger burger came out looking quite good, and tasted equally good at the first bite. The meat was cooked a little beyond the medium-rare I had ordered, but still had great flavor. I'm often weary of blue cheese on a burger as it can easily overpower the flavor, but this cheese was subtle enough and tasty. The onions were also not too strong which is a good thing, the mushrooms on the other hand had more flavor and were really good. I don't think the prosciutto was actually present on my burger, but I had enough going on already. The pretzel bun was very soft and really quite tasty as well. Overall it was an elaborate but very good burger.The Demi sauce was very good as well, but extremely overpowering so I only dipped in moderation as I was here to analyze the burger. Instead I used the sauce for a lot of my fries which were just ok, not great. Unfortunately this is becoming a trend in the fry department, and they really detracted from the overall meal. I wish chefs would pay more attention to the fries!!The price was just about right as well; $13 for the burger with fries was very acceptable given the quality of the meat and overall complexity of the meal. I wish the fries were a little better, but this wasn't a bad deal even for a place far away from the strip. In no way was this the perfect burger, but if you live on the west side and want something a little bit different, check this one out.
4	This place is def wayyy better under the new ownership especially the food. The menu has sooo much good items. I def recommend the kobe burger. Its on a pretzel roll and has a bunch of stuff on it. Also there are some hot rich chicks that go there at night. Just saying.
5	one of the best bars off the strip. Drinks AWESOME food KILLER
5	I have been a few times and each time I am so happy I went. The food is unreal! I have tried the filet mignon, the salmon, the chicken scallopini all which melted in your mouth! They have everything from espresso drinks to top notch wine. I love the fact that is a Vegas family run establishment as well. Everyone is really so nice and cares about making you happy. Gotta love that it is a 24hr place to!
5	This is a favorite locals spot with great service. The desserts are incredible and worth the trip by itself. It has a good vibe with huge comfortable chairs, tons of TV's for the game, and very good bartenders.  This is our favorite spot off the strip.
5	We casually stopped by this place on a random night last week, and like to call it our new find.  The friendly bartender made killer drinks and had great insight regarding the unique menu.  Although we are headed there to dine next week, I can already sense that this place will be worth every penny we spend there.
5	Excellent food! Great price! Ahi chips are awesome, salmon was perfect.
5	So happy this place is less then 1.5 miles from me!!!! One of the BEST spots in town, with incredible food and super friendly and knowledgable staff!!!! Great job guys!!!!!!!!!
4	The martini is a swank "gentleman's" type of bar.  Lots of dark wood, leather, martinis and so on.  There are endless seating options with cozy tables by the fireplace, a huge bar with stools for gamers and non-gamers, and a separate dining area for a more intimate dining experience.  If you want some real, tasty food in the late night hours, this is a winning spot.  I've sampled such items as the fish and chips, crab cakes, and chicken with risotto and been pleased with them all.  The menu is several notches above your average bar menu with treasures like shrimp scampi, mushroom flatbread, tomato bisque and salmon.  The chicken was cooked and seasoned perfectly and came with a delightful risotto and pleasantly crunchy vegetables such as zucchini and yellow squash.  The fish and chips really consists of 2 pieces of fish, 2 fried zucchini spears, 3 fried shrimp and a large portion of fries!  All of the items were cooked nicely in a flaky and crispy batter.  The isn't a separate late night menu with limited options...you get the whole menu to choose from. Nice!Prices are fair and the pour seems more than adequate! On my three visits, I've received very personal and welcoming service with a greeting from the owner each time.  It is a classy neighborhood spot where you would feel welcome and leave satiated.
2	Let me start by saying I am not a very picky eater and I have never not finished a meal no matter how bad it was.  That has changed.  My entree was the ribeye steak with mashed potatoes and steamed vegetables.  I ordered it medium plus like I do at all steak houses(I know, this is not a steak house).  It came out charred in some parts of the top but yet still pink on the inside.  It was the most dry and chewy steak I ever ate.  I actually had to spit out my fifth bite because it was so bad.  I didn't touch the rest of it.  I then tried some of my wife's chef special(chicken parmesan).  She had stopped eating because she said it tasted like a Marie Callendar's tv dinner.  I had to concur.  The only reason I did not give 1 star is because the appetizers were good(spicy ahi tuna chips, and artichoke dip), as well as the desserts(crem brule, and tiramisu).  Needless to say, we will never be back here again.  I don't think it will be open much longer, we went on a saturday night and there were only two other couples there when we got there and only another table when we left.  Pretty sad and disappointing.
5	One of my friends gave us a nice two-person meal voucher for this place, and it was a wonderful experience.It was a full meal with wine included, and I went on this full Kobe beef kick for my meal selection.  Wat that meant was Kobe beef sliders (so ridiculously good), and spaghetti with Kobe meatballs.  Everything was excellent, and between the Kobe taste explosion, and the accompanying salad, I was very much in a "comfortable" place.  The Pinot Noir that went with the meal only added to that particular zone.I might have passed on dessert, but it was included in the package, and let me tell you: I'm glad I didn't pass.  I tried the "Nutter Fluffer": This peanut butter concoction with a batter fried shell, and marshmallow and chocolate dipping sauces.Wow.Talk about amazing.  It was ridiculously good, and I still periodically think about this dessert, which is unusual for me.  But if you eat here, this is the dessert choice to get.Service was excellent.  Always there to make suggestions, check on the meal and anything that was needed, yet was totally unobtrusive.  This was coupled with this wonderful, intimate dining atmosphere that was just the perfect setting for a "date night".  The place just had a really cool vibe to it, which made for an excellent evening out.I can see myself going back again, and hopefully soon.  I left feeling pleased (and very full) from the experience, and it's one that I will look forward to recreating. Definitely worth a visit, if anything, for that amazing dessert.
4	Awesome food. Kinda creepy atmosphere and service. We went there mid day and were the only ones there so if you go at a different time this may be different. Food was delicious but be warned you may put on a few pounds after eating lol. Try the fluffer nutter;)
5	Love this place! Great gaming, food and the bartenders are awesome! Amy is the best, so helpful and friendly.
4	Went for a late dinner. Food was delicious, nice atmosphere, service was good overall. Didn't like that late at night they make you sit in the bar area though and you have to ask for a regular dinner menu.
5	I was just here last night and it was wonderful....the decor was tasteful yet a little dark which suits me just fine.  I loved that it was quiet and had a very "private" atmosphere.  The drinks were reasonably priced as well.  I didn't eat anything during happy hour but plan to be back to try the sliders!
4	Classy place.  Bartenders are good and the food is great.  I had these Kobe beef sloppy joe sliders and was ready to order seconds!  Been back several times to get them again!  Actual Chef behind the scenes makes a difference.  I watched a lady hit a Royal for $20,000 the first time I went there.  Machines play fair.  Many are defaulted to $1 in video poker so beware.  They usually have a Tues. Match play special for those who sign up via text...
4	I've been here a handful of times over the years for a cocktail, and the place is definitely ahead of the curve.  Good atmosphere, decent clientele, helpful staff.  I finally came here tonight for the late night happy hour, which runs from 12am-4am.  My buddy and I had:flautas - $6, recommended by our bartender but was a bit underwhelmingsloppy joes sliders - $6, the most tasty app we got, A+mac & cheese balls - $5, a bit disappointing, could use some more flavorbuffalo wings - $5, good flavor, meaty wings, good stuffOverall a pretty decent meal for the price.  They have $3 beers, too, but we were gambling so we didn't have to worry about that.  I just wish this place was a little bit closer to my house.  Then it'd likely be 5 stars.
5	I come to The Martini a lot and I am never disappointed.  Never.The drinks are on point, and of extremely high quality.  The bartenders are awesome, they seem to be able to read their customers very well.  Sometimes I go in to just hang out to be one with my thoughts and they let me be, but if I'm in a talkative mood they read my mood and are there to shoot the breeze.   The martini's here are the best that I've ever had.  My personal favorite is named the Vespar; made with Boodles Gin, Grey Goose, and Lillet Blanc.  They also make a S'mores martini that's insanely delicious, if you have a sweet tooth.  The Martini serves quality drinks that take craftsmanship, not like the junk at Blue Martini that just get the job done, which I'm not hating on because sometimes you just need a drink that gets the job done. The food here is unreal.  I've tried pretty much everything on the menu.  My favorite is the Chicken Scaloppini which is served with seasonal vegetables and risotto that's unbelievably good.  I also recommend the Fish & Chips which is more than just fish and fries.  It comes with beer battered zucchini and shrimp as well.  I don't recall the prices of these dishes, but they're very reasonably priced and comes with a lot of food.  The quality of food for the price is second to none.  The drinks are great and also reasonably priced.  The atmosphere is way better than any other neighborhood gaming bar that I've been to .  Also, everything on the food menu is served 24 hours a day.
1	Came here on a Thursday night, a sign clearly says, "wait to be seated."..no one came and no one acknowledged we were there waiting at leaste 7 minutes... I went to a waitress about being seated (like the sign said); she said sure sit "in there"...looks like the remnants of a Thursday Night Happy Hour during a football game with crappy cold food. We just left...disappointed; i am sure no one was going to help us, since it looked understaffed and the staff seem to blend in with the customers...so who really knows.  Too bad, had the potential to be a local hang out spot for us, but was not welcoming AT ALL!  Surprised at all the good reviews...
5	Very classy, I had the chopped salad my co-worker had the Tomato Basil soup with grilled cheese.  Presentation was perfect, staff was friendly, and food came out quick.
4	They just got new machines and a new points system that is quite involving..... meaning you have lots of chances and ways to win something from $20 free play on Tues. nights to $10000 just for sitting there.  Their machines have some new games I've never heard of such as "BlackJack Poker" where jacks are worth as much as aces and a black jack with a 4 of a kind doubles or quadruples it's jackpot!  Love the game (since my name IS Jack).  Good food as always and Nick is a great bartender...
3	Kind of a cool spot. Decent service and atmosphere. I did not try the food here, just stopped by to check it out and see the inside of the place. Not overly impressed, although I may come back sometime to try the food. It is a little too uppity for my taste though.
4	Awesome little location tucked away on the corner of Charleston and Fort Apache. Interior is nice and loungie with a good number of seats at the bar and comfortable couches and tables. Didnt get a chance to take a look at the dining area but still impressed by what i saw.The night we went the special of the day was a caramel apple-tini for five dollars. The cocktail was nicely balanced but lacked a noticeable caramel flavor. It was still smooth and well worth the price. Since it was my first time here and it wasnt happy hour and we just came from a meal the drinks were what we were there for and we werent disappointed.Overall this is a nice little quiet classy spot away from the fast paced hustle of faster and more overly populated places in Vegas.
4	Nicer than your average PT's as far as ambiance is concerned, it's about the same as a Sierra Gold. Friendly, but aloof service, the waitress seemed to disappear for long periods of time . Good happy hour menu. I bought a regular martini here and it was pretty good and well executed, which I am glad for because it would kind of suck if their martini's were bad. This place had a pretty chill atmosphere.
5	I stopped into this place recently after picking up a friend late from the airport for a snack and a little gaming and was pleasantly surprised.  I really want to begin with the great service from when you first sit down and throughout your stay, as this is a pub that likes to get to know its patrons.  My buddy and I both have burgers with fries and were satisfied with it being a burger big enough to need to be cut in half yet still tasty with options like wheat bun, avocado, multiple kinds of cheeses and even sweet potato fries.  If you're looking for upscale bar food in a 24/7 setting that is great with amazing service then I recommend you stop in for a snack and drink.
5	Great food, great atmosphere Nice place to go and enjoy you time.
2	Not impressed. My husband and I were excited to try The Martini after reading the great reviews. However, our experience was not worthy of a return visit. We arrived during their happy hour and ordered 2 appetizers, a vodka martini and a gin and tonic, which had no alcohol and was very watered down. Our waiter maybe visited our table 2 times and it wasn't even busy. The first appetizer we ordered, the macroni cheese ball had no flavor and needed salt. The second appetizer we didn't even receive, the waiter completely forgot to put the order in. He even let our drinks go empty and never bothered to clear our table of finished plates. Bad service, Bad drinks. With so many other places to choose from in Vegas I would not waste my time.
4	Great burger, good service. I sat at the bar so everything was prompt. Music a bit loud, but nice ambiance otherwise.
4	GREAT food ,Good drinks,Open 24 hours which is great for the late night cravings the only thing is if your in a hurry be sure to place a Togo order because the service there isn't the best of the best but perfect if you are trying to kill time ! I understand people get busy but iv gone on slow days and the amount of time u wait for your food in quite a bit. Also the prices are a bit high so add a couple of drinks your bill might be quite a number $$$The first time I came here I fell in LOVE with the trail mix salad .. So much I think I was frequenting this place about 3 times a week for it for a while, it's amazing !
5	They'll "buy" you a drink for being part of the Service Industry. That means, you can work at a trashy Dairy Queen on The Strip and, HORRAYS, free beer :DI like the crowd that comes here, but the women that come inside are "prissy" like, always talking about their fingernails, hairdos, and men with big words. Naggy, nag, McNag. Thats all the women from Summerlin talk about. Really annoying voices. Makes me wanna choke the shit out of em. Is this the tradeoff for meeting women that isn't a whore and comes from a richer part of town? Oh, and ignore the reviews with low marks on the food and service. I felt that the service is great and not overbearing. The people that wrote them are just bitchy. Probably one of those Food Channel motherfuckers, the ones that think that they are critics.
4	So we went here on a Groupon, and what a Groupon it was!!! It was I believe $49 for one app, two salads, two entrees, a dessert, and two drinks. HOLY SMOKES THAT'S A LOT!! But I mean hey, it's off the Strip by about 10 minutes in Summerlin, which is a nice suburb of Vegas, I know because my parents used to buy and sell condo's there before the great bust sometime ago now. So anyway...the place is nice inside. Its kinda off in a corner of a parking lot, and at first you're kind of like mmmm I'm not so sure about this place, but then you open the doors and it's all good. It was a very slow night since it was Monday night, I really didn't mind that at all since of course you're always battling the crowds on the Strip. So we sat down, the fireplace wasn't lit so we asked the server to light it, which she did and so began our culinary adventure. HAHA OK well it wasn't anything that fancy but it was nice. The chicken wings we got were tasty for the app, the salads were a little too dressing-ed out for my liking (next time I will be asking dressing on the side) but the drinks were super tasty! I ordered the burger, which was complicated as hell on paper but pretty darn tasty if you ask me (although I have had better but that doesn't matter it still was a good burger). My friend had the Fish n Chips and said he liked them, but by time our entrees had come out we were beyond stuffed! It was a little too much food but that's OK I'd rather have more food than not enough. We got our dessert to go, the Fluffer Nutter, which was OMG amazing at 3am which drunk! HAHA so yes all in all it was a great place and I would most definitely come back, but the Groupon sure helps a lot :)
3	I can only offer a limited review of The Martini.  I was here Tuesday night for the Yelp Book Club meeting.  They have a very nice dining room to the left of the bar when you come in that's almost a separate room.We only had drinks during the club.  The server was very polite and prompt, and he returned to ask if we wanted more of what we had ordered.  I looked at the bar menu and the dessert menu and they have a nice selection.Tip for Yelpers--check the menu.  There's a number to text a word to, all shown on the menu, and you'll get a free dessert from their menu.  That was enough to hook me and I'm planning to go back and have dinner there.  I hope to be able to raise my star rating an extra one.
4	Diane and I decided to go here for dinner an hour before a scheduled Las Vegas Yelp Book Club meeting to see what The Martini had to offer.  We were pleasantly surprised by the nice ambiance of dark wood tables, superior service, and fine food we experienced.Lightly breaded Fried Calamari--strips, rings, and tentacles--was excellent, served with a great liquid Sweet Thai Chili Sauce and a Lemon Aioli.  A crustless Toasted Cheese Sandwich that came with hot Tomato Bisque with Creme Fraiche spread throughout the top of the bowl in a spiderweb pattern was yummy, and the homemade soup was very good.  Moist Fish & Chips with deep-fried zucchini, Lemon Aioli, and Cocktail Sauce included both cod fillets and battered shrimp.  And, Spaghetti and Kobe Meatballs, featuring homemade meat sauce and 5 pretty large meatballs, was both filling and satisfying.For dessert, graciously facilitated by the texting of Norm K., we had a big, very tasty Vanilla Creme Brulee finished with a nice slightly burnt glassy top.  Rock and soul music overhead provided a nice audio backdrop for our meal.  And, our server was quick and eager to please.We plan to return soon to experience more tasty comfort food and cooking artistry!
5	This is a real nice place.  The Kobe burger  was very good.  I hope the Martini can stay in business, the night we dined the place was dead.  Good luck.
3	Maybe I need to come here again, but I wasn't really mowed over with awesomeness like I was expecting. Yes, it's a nice place, we sat at one of the 'lounge' areas with nice big comfortable chairs and our server was totally cool and nice.  By the way, a Yelp check in will get you a $5 shot of Patron for up to 4 people - that was nice! The inside seems kinda cramped or something , it's a strange layout with a huge bar and the lounge type seating areas kinda sprinkled around the bar so it has a cozy feel to it. Like I said it's probably just me. It was a nice place to grab a drink and b.s. and they've got some nice sized HD tv's around the bar area.We didn't eat there so no comment on their food. We were offered a 'kitchen mistake totally free' by our server which was really cool but we weren't at all hungry so we turned her down. Next time I'll try and eat  something there and see how the food is.
4	Showed up to The Martini one evening because it was late and I was starving.  Was originally at Tivoli Village when a local suggested that we come here for a quick bite. She also mentioned that this was also a local hang out for other bartenders and locals around town. You really can't go wrong with a place for drinks when other bartenders go here, right?Upon entering, my first thought was that this place is like the other pubs but more sleek and definitely more sexy.  I also noticed a few people from Tivoli Village that migrated here after they closed.  It's like the party out here in Summerlin never ends.As for me and my friend for the evening, we shared a plate of calamari and I had their Ahi Tuna Sliders.  Both were excellent and we ended the evening with a few drinks.Usually pubs are places to hang with the homeboys. The Martini flipped that idea and is more of a place with an intimate setting for a quick nibble and a couple of drinks.
2	I decided to quit going here.  The bartenders are great and the food is good but I couldn't win anything after they got the new machines.  I gave it at least a dozen chances and couldn't get anything.  What good is it to gamble if you don't ever win?
5	Happy Hour is awesome.  It's a little early, but when you're running errands and ready for a drink but it's not quite "5 o'clock", pop in!  They repeat it again at midnight for night-owls.FOOD - we had the happy hour flautas (4 stars), calamari (2 stars), martini sliders (5 stars), sloppy sliders (4 stars), chicken/onion/mushroon flatbread (3 stars), wings (3 stars for hot, 4 stars for the thai peanut) and the mac & cheese balls (5 stars...LOVE mac & cheese!).  Portions were at least 3 of each...but more wings & flautas and the flatbread was big/meal-size.   I thought the prices were great.DRINKS - there's no scam on limiting the draft beer that's on happy hour to PBR or Bud Light like you see at some places....they were all on happy hour!!  The martinis are filled to the brim full-size martini glasses and not watered down.  SERVICE - attentive enough/no complaints.  plates were cleared in a timely manner, drinks were filled promptly, food came out sufficiently fast. 3.5 starsATMOSPHERE - I liked it.  The bar area is a large bar that circles the entire bar area around the bartender w/ some in-bar gaming, but not every seat so it's not a total gambling joint.  There are 3 fireplaces w/ club chairs in front of the fireplaces...very cozy for a party of 2-5.   There's a nook at the front corner of the bar that would seat a bigger group.  There are flat screens thoughout the bar so the sports fan is entertained.  And there's music from a video jukebox so  music playing in the background even if people aren't pumping in $.  It really has something for everyone.We peeked at the dining area when we left around 6:45 p.m.--it was packed so it might be a good idea to make reservations if you plan on going on a fri or sat night. This was our first visit and I forgot to look at the regular menu, but we'll definitely be back for the happy hour.
5	Loved their fried Oreo dessert! My friend ordered that, and I had a piece. Probably one of the best desserts I've had in my life. They kind of reminded me of beignets too. I ordered the tiramisu dessert which was delish. We enjoyed their flatbread with mozzarella, tomato, and artichoke. It was good and on the healthy side and had the Bliss martinis. Our waitress was GREAT too! Always checked on us and gave us her recommendations.
4	I had a really nice meal at The Martini.  My husband and I had the Restaurant Week menu, and were very pleased.  The crab cake was homemade and the shrimp cocktail was small but very well done.  The salmon was excellent - very large portion, half of which will be lunch tomorrow.  My husband's filet was beautifully tender.  You could cut it with a butter knife.  The star of the meal was the fried Oreo sundae.  Fried Oreo cookies are sublime.  This is a really nice bar - definitely worth a visit.
4	Next up for Restaurant Week was The Martini.  My junior-sized Shrimp Cocktail still appeared to be defrosting but was still tasty with a very good Horseradish-based Sauce.  Tomato Bisque Soup with Creme Fraiche and basil was zesty.  A Side Caesar Salad with Mozzarella shavings on top was also very good.  Grilled Rosemary Lemon Salmon with Risotto that tasted like vanilla, and al dente grilled Zucchini, featured a great moist hunk of salmon.  A gooey Fried Oreo Sundae proved to be an excellent, novel dessert.The atmosphere was comfortable in a large dining room walled off from the bar, with soft jazz piped in overhead.  Service was very good except I had to ask twice for Sweet & Low for my Iced Tea.  I expect to continue to frequent this fine establishment--not for libations for for beautifully prepared comfort food.
4	This was a recommendation from Bobby, Misti CM's man.  Thanks for the great rec!  This place had a really nice atmosphere.  The drinks were reasonably priced and yummy.  I had a lemon drop martini, while my friend had a thin mintini.  The food was tasty.  The server was odd, but he was prompt and he tried.  If we are in the area again, we would return.
4	Been going here for years... it closed 2 years ago but Nick swooped in and brought it back to life. The food is once again fantastic! The drinks are always on point. I make it a point to go every time im back home in Vegas.
4	Our arms were twisted after a Yelp event to meet up for some drinks. I wasn't hungry so I just got a Mint Chocolate Girl Scout Cookie Martini that was incredible! My husband ended up ordering a Drunken Kobe Burger with a side of House Fries. He loved the burger. I wasn't into it, but the Cabernet Demi that they put on the side for dipping was addictive. It was more like a gravy, dip your fries in it, that's all you need to know. Do It!Our waiter was excellent. Prices are good for the quality.I will definitely go back for more.
3	Sights-  Atmospheric notch or two above a local pub and grub venue with it's low lighting and sections with comfy club chairs and fireplaces.  Large Bar and TV's throughout.Sounds- Some great 90's tracks playing at just the right level.Smells -  Eau de Sour Bar.  Not strong enough to make you gag, but persistent enough to cause constant olfactory distress.Selections- Limited Happy Hour cocktail specials- $5 Skyy Vodka drinks, $4 well drinks, $3 drafts.  Small but varied selection of appetizers in the $5 to $7 range. Service- Efficient and pleasant.We had: A Skyy Raspberry Cosmo & a Stella. Shrug! The Ferrari-Carano Marinated Chicken Flat-bread with Caramelized Onions, Jack Cheese and Mushrooms.  Truly delicious and savory!Synopsis-  The stench was a super bummer.  The happy hour drinks, though cheap, were uninspiring; just drinks, not craft cocktails.  The decor was OK.  The flat-bread was terrific, but that alone is not enough to make me want to come back.
3	glad this place reopened.  great space.  the only down side is its proximity to summerlin.  i had the grilled chicken sandwich with pesto.  the chicken was moist and the bread fresh, but the pesto lacked flavor.  i'm guessing they used spinach as a filler instead of pure basil.  still, the sandwich was pretty good and the fries were also good.  i've also had the crab cake which is ok.  service is good.
5	This place is a secret gem!! My boyfriend and I tried them the first time via online delivery. We decided to try them in person a few days ago and it was nt retreated. First off, they have amazing mac&cheese balls. Do not miss those. I had a great salad with the tangerine dressing, it was awesome. My bf loved the spaghetti. The martinis were worth going back for. They offer low-cal options for drinks. The best part? The fluffier nutter! It was absolutely awesome! :)
5	The caprese salad and flautas are amazing! Great service and excellent food. I'll definitely be going back.
4	Decent food, great atmosphere, and tasty martinis.
4	My husband and I stopped by here for a couple of drinks and some appetizers. We sat at a small table to the side of the bar in comfy chairs. The food was good, they have really interesting items to choose from that are tasty and not boring. They have an interactive jukebox with a lot of music! I loved that part the best.
5	Great service & ambience! The bartenders are super friendly & always make great recommendations. I love their happy hour menu. The truffle Mac n cheese bites & the deep fried Oreos are a must!! Oh! & their martini's are not bad either ; )
3	Visited here after a Yelp event.  Drinks where good, food was good but because of the location and where I live I don't think I'll be back.
4	Stopped in for a drink with a few friends for Happy Hour. I really like this bar and not just because it has one of my favorite drinks in the name. Bartender is an attractive blonde woman, she was pretty attentive. Made sure to keep our drinks coming and refill our water. I ordered the calamari off the happy hour menu. It was ok. The breading was a little flaky, but calamari itself was good (not too chewy). The real winner was the Hot and Dirty martini. I thought it was a happy hour drink because the vodka used was Sky, but I was charged full price. If you are worried about happy hour pricing, make sure to ask in advance. My friend ordered the French Martini. I tried it and I wasn't that into it... but it's also not something I would normally order. It was a little strong for her. The bartender told us about the TV's and it looks like a nice place to watch football. This is pretty far from my house, but if I'm ever in the area I would definitely stop in for another martini or two.
4	I had one of the best burgers of my life here... Or maybe just the wine reduction sauce that went on top... Or maybe after the couple drinks I had before the burger... Either way, it was good. And the Mac and cheese was pretty good too!! Downside - prices not all that great. Then again, I'm a poor college student at heart. Definitely worth trying!! And the staff has always been friendly when I've gone.
5	Locals want a place like this! Out-of-towners beg to get off the strip to find a place where the locals go. Friendly bartenders and great food. Since the new owners (Starr family) took over, it's breathed new life into the neighborhood and into this place. I live in San Diego and frequent The Martini anytime I'm in Vegas. When you're here, you're family!
5	Nice place... we enjoyed the flatbread.   They had some great choices on the menu but friends had given us the flat bread tip off.  Bartender  Albert was very nice and he made a tasty Long Island.  Gaming was ok.  Not the luckiest night but not bad.
4	I was here in January for our Yelp Book Club meeting and we decided to have our last meeting of this year at the Martini again.  I came an hour early and had dinner.  The dining room is small in width but runs the length of the building.  There's a nice wooden wall with some fireplaces that block the dinging room from the bar section and makes a great spot for our book club meetings.I started with the Caesar salad.  Good dressing with nice croutons.  There was a lot of salad.  It wasn't a starter salad but rather like a dinner salad without meat.For my main course, I ordered the chicken scaloppine.  While the menu says it's a chicken breast with artichoke, mushrooms, and prosciutto there was no artichoke.  The breast was very lightly breaded and fried and served with seasonal vegetables and risotto.  The dish was very good.  The artichoke would have added some to it, but it stood the way it was very well.For dessert, how could I resist the deep fried Oreos with ice cream?  Four battered and deep fried Oreos and a martini glass of ice cream.  It was very good, but the Oreos lose something in the deep frying.  The creamy inside got lost with the fried crust of the batter.  If someone should offer me this again, I wouldn't turn them down.My server was named Princess.  She was very good.  Great personality and good service.  She kept my iced tea filled all during my meal.  As I was tackling dessert, one of our club members arrived and we were soon discussion our book about living in a Mumbai slum.  I felt somewhat guilty.
5	Just a great place to relax, have a great drinks and food, especially if its a late night)) keep coming back to this place
4	The Martini is a quality niche bar for me.  The drinks will not wow you, and none of the menu items put a craving in the bowels of your soul that needs satisfying...but there are several reasons why you should make your way in here from time to time.Upon walking in to the Martini you immediately realize that this is not your average Vegas neighborhood bar...it looks and feels too nice for that.  It is certainly aesthetically pleasing with a classy, warm feel.  They a lot of nice TVs here that make it a great spot to watch the game.  They also have an early Happy Hour with food and drink specials.  One of my favorite things is that the kitchen is open late, so you can head in to The Martini after 10pm when most other places have closed their kitchens and still order up some decent  food.  In general I would shell out 3 Stars for the bar & restaurant...but when you include these niche specialties it's and easy round-up for me.
1	Came for lunch, had the pesto chicken sandwich and side salad. The lettuce was bad and the chicken was so overly salted that I feel like I ate a salt rock... Disappointed to say the least
5	I am typically here at least once a week. I have literally never had anything from their menu that has not been fantastic. Service is always personal and friendly. I honestly stopped going to other bars and restaurants because they simply cannot live up to my expectations that I get here.
5	The Vespar!! This place is down the street & I decided to check it out. It was AMAZING! The food was good & the drinks were even better! The bar staff was super friendly & accommodating. I will definitely be returning to this place again & again!
5	This is the best place to go and feel like family. I love their salmon!!!  My son orders a spicy chicken sandwich that is out of this world. YummmmmNeedless to say we go there as often as we can.
5	Stopped in for a late night snack & as always NEVER DISAPPOINTED!Love this Place!
5	Re'c the Travelzoo promotion and visited on vacation in April 2012. Food was great and so was the martini. Will go back on next trip!
5	I'm almost hesitant to review this place because it's such a gem and don't want the crowds.  Bottom line is it has really good food,  good drinks,  lots of TVs and a friendly staff.  Throw in a classy  atmosphere and you have a winner.
5	I love, love, love the martini! They have the best happy hour, food, and service. Some of my favorite dishes are the ahi tuna chips, kobe sloppy Joe sliders (yumm!!), trail mix salad w/ ahi tuna (candied pecans, apricots, spring mix, and bleu cheese went very well together), and the must try calamari. Did I mention the sliders and calamari is part of their happy hour menu? Along with a great selection of drinks, $15 FILET mignon after midnight, and even more delicious menu items available 24 hrs. They have a great ambiance, that caters to a more upscale crowd. Which I find as a huge plus, especially while gaming there. You can play your keno, or poker in peace while enjoying great food and drinks without worrying about the same obnoxiously annoying people you see at most other gaming bars. My favorite bartenders are Amy, Albert, and Carlos! They know how to make great drinks, that are not too sweet which is why I consider them to be the perfect liquid chefs. If you dine on the restaurant side, Dennis is the best server! He is attentive, knowledgeable about the menu, and very good at anticipating needs in advance. An all around sweet heart!Thanks for the great service and food Martini!! I will be back soon!
4	I was with a group for a business lunch meeting on Saturday 02/08/14. We were placed in the dining area which is partitioned from the bar area. We made arrangements with Sandy the Manager and we emphasized we the need for privacy and some degree of quiet as we would have a presentation and discussion for about 2 hours. It went great and the service was outstanding. We had 8 - 9 attendees and almost every ordered a burger. I had the medium Kobe burger, with sweet potato fries and a calamari appetizer. I enjoyed it and recommend this location. Our meeting went great and the food came out promptly and as everyone ordered. The waitress was very courteous and impressed us all by not writing down any of our orders. After the meeting a few of us stayed to talk further. I noticed the Manager Sandy came in to help the waitress bus and clean the table. It is small things like that that really impress. We will definitely be back. Also the prices are so reasonable. For 8 - 9 people $125.00 total bill. Get out of here! (we did not have alcohol though) The ambiance is very nice. Great place to take a friend or significant other..
5	Places like this is why I love Vegas. I come here all the time and the fact it's 24/7. From the fireplaces to the leather couches. A great place to hang out and unwind after work or catch up with friends. Plus they play amazing music from rock to hip hop then some old school classics and then top 40 their shuffle is on point. One of the perks is after midnight martinis are $5 and half off select food items!
4	This place is a really awesome bar. With strong drinks and delicious food its a great place for lunch or dinner at any time of the day. My friend and I stumbled upon it a while ago and we both really enjoy the ambiance that we keep going back. Especially with happy hour and reverse happy hour.I usually go for the martinis and cocktails and I've yet to have a bad one. They're made nice and strong with yummy sugar on the rim to add extra sweetness. One time they offered a watermelon martini as they're martini of the day and it was the most delicious martini I've ever had. It isn't on the menu though which was a bummer. As for food I've only had the caesar wrap with sweet potato fries and they were both delicious. The only complaint I had about my meal was the tortilla should have been thrown on a griddle for a second to be a little bit softer and easier to eat. My friend ordered the zucchini fingers that were long strips of zucchini in a tempura batter but they were soggy and didn't have any flavor. Other than that the food was delicious and I'll order something new next time.
5	Staff is very attentive and friendly. I would definitely cone back. Music is loud but it's a good taste.
4	I am a fan and will come back to enjoy their fantastic happy hour from 3-6 again!They make an Amazing pink cosmopolitan martini, I was really enjoying them throughout the evening.This place is dark and cozy with a touch of class! The service is great with friendly staff who really complete your experience.This is a great spot to meet up for a drink and just unwind from a long day of work or sex. I only wish I had been a visitor sooner as this is a nice spot that I have passed a kazillion times however never stopped in.I will be back for happy hour for sure, with $5 Amazing strong cocktails how can you go wrong! Don't forget to try the pink cosmopolitan, you won't regret it I promise!
5	Ate here with my family a few days ago and had a fantastic evening. Great food, excellent service and warm, comfy atmosphere. Love that this place is open 24 hours. Its the perfect spot to relax and grab a drink after work. Can't wait to come back and try their happy hour with my friends.
5	I love this place.  Nick is an awesome bartender! The drinks are amazing (I love every Martini I try).  The service is quick and everyone is friendly.  5 star place:)
1	They overcooked 2 steaks in a row, then the manager said "I'm not going to argue with you" after she was arguing with us for 3-4 minutes. Do I need to even say anymore about our experience there. You couldn't drag us back in their doors.
5	I really enjoy coming to the martini. Its a upscale local bar in the summerline area.  The owner Nick, you can tell takes pride in bar by being there talking with customers and also behind the bar ready to jump in when needed.. he is accommodating and is super friendly so this is thd perfect spot for me and my friends to begin the night or end the night.  I particullary like the blueberry martini.. although every bartended makes it different so you have to stick with the right bartender. The food is exceptionally great for a local bar.  I honetly have not had one bad meal or tried anything I havent liked. If you haven't been here definatly try it out and tell Nick I said hi!
4	The martini is a nice bar that specializes in Martinis but seem to have a well rounded selection of wines as well as a full bar. I came for the late night midnight happy hour. We were out drinking so I didnt get to try any of the signature Martinis this time. Foodwise -I got zucchini fries - it was standard but pretty good. I have a soft spot for spears vs chips of zucchini. It came with two sauces - ranch and a aioli. Sloppy Joe sliders - came with 3. These were actually really good!  Nothing at all like cafeteria mystery meat and full of flavor.  Mac and cheese truffle balls- came with 3. It was just OK. The balls were crunchy and had truffle flavor but the tomato sauce was tangy and kinda cut the truffle. It was better when I didnt eat it with the sauce. Service was decent enough. We got our food rather fast and were checked on. Overall decent happy hour. Its nice inside and laid back so it would be a decent option for a date or a night out.
4	This is another neighborhood spot that I've passed by so many times, but that stops now! We wanted to go to Via Brazil (which is SO GOOD!) for happy hour but because that doesn't open til 5 (we needed a drink at 4) we decided to try The Martini. And I am so glad we did. The bartender (I forget her name) was super hospitable. The place was empty but for 3 or 4 people sitting at the bar. The happy hour drink and food menu is really good. They have several flatbreads, all of which sounded delicious. We ended up ordering the sliders (BF says they were really good) and the chicken wings. Now, I'm an admitted chicken wing aficionado and I thought these were really good. I ordered them medium and they had the perfect amount of kick. The wine pours were HUGE, especially for Happy Hour pours. The best part of The Martini is the ambiance. LOVED it! Dark, leather chairs, bar and tables (there's also a separate dining area but that was closed off for happy hour), and great music. This will be my new early happy hour spot. Definitely recommend!
4	The food here is so incredibly good. I shared the truffle mac and cheese balls with a friend and they were absolutely amazing. I also ordered a flatbread with chicken, pesto, and sundried tomatoes (which was equally amazing). The prices were really reasonable too.  Drink selection seemed about average for a martini bar, but I was really impressed with the quality. The French Martini I ordered was excellently crafted and hit just the right strength (definitely not weak, but not too strong either). Service was good and all of the employees seemed really nice. The bar has a dark, cozy, casual kind of ambiance...which is nice, in its own way. This is definitely a place that I'd come back to again and again.
5	Absolutely beautiful bar, amazing staff and overall wonderful experience!! Our bartender Bruce was so friendly and patient with us since it was our first time and we had quite a few questions. We had fun playing golden tee and just had a great time! We definitely will be back! If you're looking for a beautiful clean bar with amazing staff and drinks this is the place for you!!
5	Love this place.  Great food, great bartenders, great service, great owners!  It is clean and the food is amazing.  They have healthy food choices and the owner - Nick and Sandy take great pride in this place.   The flat breads are awesome - good salads, great portions.  They have a great atmosphere for the gamer or non gamer.  Enjoy!  Cheers!
4	Nice upscale local bar with a good specialty cocktail menu. They also have a nice wine cellar on display. The food is really good here, definitely a step up from standard bar food. The spinach dip is excellent (the chips are fresh) and the tomato bisque soup with grilled cheese takes you back to childhood. They have gaming as well at the bar.
2	This is a review of the food only.Dropped by here today for Restaurant Week but also ordered off the happy hour menu.Started with cocktail shrimp, which were decent size and pretty fresh. Then tomato soup... which I can't decide if I like it. There wasn't much flavor to it. The filet minion, which I asked for medium rare, but was more medium. A bit chewy but had a burnt taste to parts of it. Came with mashed potatoes and spinach. Overall the main course was alright.From the happy hour menu, had the zuchinni fries, which had no flavor and were huge chunks. The server saw we didn't care for this and automatically removed this from the bill. Also had the truffle mac n cheese balls, which sounded awesome, but lacked flavor. There was no cheese flavor at all. No truffle flavor. Bland. And the "sloppy joe" sliders. How deceiving! It was a regular slider with cheese, and also lacked flavor, and had no sauce in it. Desserts were better. Fried oreos with ice cream... can't really go wrong with that. And NY cheesecake, not as dense as it usually is.. kinda fluffy which is nice.Overall, food was all bland. BUT!! Our server, Heath was amazing. He was very nice, professional, and on top of everything. He deserves 5 stars. If I ever do go back, it would be because he is a good server.
2	The food is decent, the happy hour prices are excellent. Amy seems to be very good with the customers she chooses to engage. Unfortunately that didn't include us. Albert is very good. We have been here several times this was the first time we left dissatisfied and the first time Amy was our bartender.
5	We got to know the bartender Albert at Sedona - so when we heard he was at the Martini we thought we will go and give it a try.  Well it was a great experience.  The same friendly bartender service and some fun and tasty new food.  The flatbreads were the tastiest ... We met the owner and she was very friendly and welcoming.  This place has the family owned vibe which is a nice change from the big company ownership.  Thumbs way up!!!
5	Health was our server and was very knowledgable about the menu. The food was awesome and so was the food. The pomitini was great!!!
5	Love this bar! I used to come here all the time when i lived in Summerlin, and now that im back on this side of town im happy to come here more often. I love how this is a gaming bar but not smoky like all the other ones. Food wise ive never had a bad meal here. The spicy salami flat bread and zucchini fries are always a great idea. If your looking for an awesome local bar this is your spot.
5	I've been to 40+ countries and 29 states but this is my favorite bar! Mainly because of Amy, the best bartender I have met. It started when I celebrated my birthday there a couple of years ago, she was so sweet.Food is great, drinks are great and the atmosphere is awesome. It makes me travel from Sweden just to go there...
3	Been to martini a few times place is ok way to much wood on the walls and very dark the food is ok at best. The good thing is they are open 24 hrs. If you need a drink!
4	The food and drinks were good. The service was great. The only thing was how dark it was there. Otherwise it was great.
4	Great local watering hole.  Diverse crowd and always someone interesting to talk to.  Good food st bar but I've never eaten more than an appetizer because let's face it...  I'm there for s martini !!
4	Have always drove by here saying I was going to stop in soon. So spur of the moment my gf and I came in to check it out. Very nice clean bar area a bit on the upscale side was worried I was under dressed ( shorts , tshirt , flip flops ) but was still treated great. Happy hour is great $5 select Martinis $6 and $7 appetizers I believe. Can't comment on the food yet but Apple Martinis were very good for the price and service was welcoming and friendly will be coming back in the future.
4	So it is official. I really do enjoy this place. I have been here twice so far for happy hour. Service: both times I have been here both servers have been great. I believe my first time the servers name was Keith. I can be mistaken though. He was very nice and helpful. He went over the happy hour menu with me. And when my boyfriend came in he was sure to greet him also. We got there at 530 and happy hour was over at 6. Before the server closed our tab at 605 he made sure we didn't want anything else off that menu.The second time we went it was Saturday night. I was expecting a very loud crowd but I guess we just missed them. This time we were served by heather. She's very nice and willing to talk with us like we are friends of hers. Which I loved. They had a dj because of a birthday party and also the owners birthday... Btw happy birthday to you nick. Now let's get to the drinks. I had a appletini. 3/4 were great. 1 tasted more like water. All depends on who's making it I guess though. My boyfriend had a beer this last time and he said it was very good and they know how to serve a beer since they frost their glasses. The only down fall was they don't have blue moon or shock top beer on draft. If they did this place would be a 5 all the way. The food: it was good. Normal bar food. Wish the wings were alittle more meatier but the taste is good. I'm happy they don't overdo the sauce on them. Over all I love this place and I will be back.
3	I can't imagine that this place gets a lot of business. Tucked away in the back corner of an obscure strip mall, you have to know about this place and search for it. It's not exactly visible from the street, save for the signage by the road. But, once you find it you'll be pleasantly surprised by the lack of smoke, friendly service, and excellent happy hour deals.We walked in and there weren't more than six other customers. Flautas ($6) come four per order. Well seasoned and tender shredded beef are wrapped in crispy, flakey fried shells and topped with tomatillo sauce and an avocado relish. The fried mac and cheese ($6) are three large meatball-sized spheres. The thick, course outer shell dominated the dish, with only a small amount of bland mac and cheese contained within. The dish was in desperate need of more roasted tomato sauce to give it more flavor. The lack of seasoning didn't stop there. The sliders ($7) would have benefitted from more sauce, too. At least the buns were buttery and light. While the food isn't outstanding, the happy hour deals of food ranging from $5 to $7 with $3 draft beer and $4 well drinks makes this a solid place to spend your late afternoon/early evening.
5	This hidden gem is just moments from my house.  My husband and I were looking for a comphy place to call our own. The Martini is the place to go, to relax, feel welcome and have a good time.  It's Vegas' answer for CHEERS. (yes we're from the Boston area) It's nice to go where you feel at home. Thank you The Martini...for being that place we look forward to returning to week after week.
2	Usually stop in on Saturday night for a few drinks and apps and always treated great by the crew that works on those nights. Decided to stop in this past Wednesday night late and boy what a difference and not in a good way. Sat at one of the tables close to the bar and a server usually takes care of that area. Sat and waited. Bartender finally yells out at us "what yA want to drink". I asked if the server was going to come to the table and got a reaction like I was stupid for asking that "we don't have servers you have to come to the bar". Really? You do other nights. The table is about 3 feet from the bar and I had to get up to get everything drinks, food, bill. Asked for a coors light draft that I never got. Table we were sitting at had dirty dishes on it that looked like it had been sitting there for a few hours had to move it to the side. No offer for them to be removed for us. Just wanted to eat and go at this point. Left in about 20 minutes when on my regular nights I stay for a few hours and have a couple rounds. Guess will have to stick to Saturday nights
4	Bruce - doll. Professional. Fun. Kind. Informative. Five star.Food- delish!Puppies at the door- I want to puppysit them immedijiately! 23 yearold dbag customers- Nicks bday? Maybe? You're a dbag. Your friends are dbags. You act like you're still in high school. Grow up, children. Zero stars. I hope this wasn't a common occurrence with the kids because we loved everything else.
4	Everything it promised to be. Impressively quick and friendly service (I liked being complimented on my dress!).
5	in a city full of bars - i would probably go out on a limb and say this is the best one i have been to. Classy, clean cut crowd and above avg bar food. great place for a drink and for food. hard to find bars in this city that has a good crowd that is more interesting in eating drinking and socializing than playing video poker...great place. lucky to have it close to my home!!
