2	Omni's are usually great places to stay. This one feels a bit old, dated and run down. The room was not very nice. Musty smelling. Bathroom was not up to par to the price of the room. I would recommend the Westin, Marriott, Dunhill for uptown instead. Hopefully they can clean the place up and improve it.
1	The toenail in the carpeting and booger on the desk told me all I needed to know about the Omni.  I won't even go into the mildewy bathroom ceiling.  I can scarcely believe this is an Omni after staying at Pittsburg's Omni.  The lobby is beautiful, but they have a long way to go to be a decent hotel.  There are swatches out all over the place connoting a redecoration, but I wonder if it's all because the Ritz is being built across the street...
3	Since I live in town, I don't have much use for a hotel, but I have spent some time in the Omni Charlotte, and it's great. The rooms are nice and pretty affordable, its ideally located for any and all events in town, and the staff is helpful. There's also a decent little hotel bar there that actually has a good crowd on a lot of nights (the hotel's pretty popular with business travelers, it seems). Ask for Jeremy at the front desk. He's great and super helpful and friendly.
4	When some friends of mine visited this hotel, we spent as much time in their room and at the hotel bar as we did out on the town. They were here for a meeting, and so they were exhausted after a long day at work, but I was really impressed by the accommodations and the customer service. The rooms are beautiful, clean and elegant. The hotel is centrally located to everything you could possibly want from uptown, and the convenience of the parking deck is really nice for this area. The pool is great, and the staff was all helpful. My friend had a puppy with her who kept having accidents, and folks were even friendly about that...I call that good customer service.
4	I took my husband there this past weekend for a birthday retreat without kids.  I splurged on a junior executive suite since it was a special occasion and we were staying just one night ($219/night), and it was exactly as expected.  Fourteenth floor overlooking Tryon and Trade streets with two complete walls of windows.  It was a great view and a comfortable room.The service was excellent, by farthest the fastest check-in I have ever experienced.The decor is a little outdated and it's a little annoying to get to the parking garage (have to take two separate elevators on opposite sides of the hotel).  But it's a pretty big plus to be able to get to Starbucks (shopping level) and be back in your room in under 5 minutes!Parking is expensive, but it is the city -- $15/day if you have a room, $20 otherwise with different rates if staying partial days.
4	It was a nice hotel, and if you are member of Guest Select (which is free, by the by), you get free wi-fi and other goodies in your room.    The front desk was very helpful with printing out boarding passes and the exercise room had water for you to rehydrate.I also had to take a cab to the airport at 4:30 in the morning, and they made sure that I wasn't waiting around for that.My knocks on the place are few, but should be noted.  The AC was on 63 when I got there.  Completely jet lagged, I fell asleep with that running all night and was definitely feeling sick the next morning. blech.   Also, the shower took a tad bit of time to get warm.
3	This would have been a 4-Star review..... Stayed at the Omni while in Charlotte on business & upon immediately walking in my room, I'm thinking man, I'm gonna love this place! Easy to get to & centrally located, you're super-close to all your franchise dreams come true..... Chick-Fil-AEinstein Brothers Bagels Starbucks Bojangles Dunkin Donuts Pizzeria Uno Ruth Chris The list goes on & on & on The showers here are the absolute very BEST I've ever had & this includes the one in my house. TONS of water pressure & huge shower head to douse you in water....I never wanted to get out.  Nice & smelly bathroom products, rooms are decent sized & you get a coffee maker w/ free coffee to boot So why not 5-Stars? The bed is really uncomfortable but I hold reservation to revisit this statement as I have trouble adjusting to new environments... but the mattress is rock hard & the pillows are super soft & for me, this is not a good combo The other star deduction is due to the fact they force you to PAY for Wi-Fi & it's not even a secure connection! In this day & age, providing internet access should be part of the standard room charge & I just think it's ludicrous to charge for Wi-Fi Something like if I am a Platinum member, I could have had it for free but charging me for internet does not inspire me towards loyalty or make me want to become "platinum"So not saying I wouldn't stay here again but next time business brings me to Charlotte, I'll be checking out a different hotel
4	Stayed here for a conference.  They took a while to get the room ready, but they took my luggage and we all left to go about our business, and they called us when they were ready, which was nice.  I ended up trying to go to the wrong room because I couldn't read the desk agent's writing, but someone came to help me out and take me to the right place and they were very pleasant about it, which is rare these days!The rooms themselves were more than adequate and spacious enough, but they weren't particularly thrilling.  I wasn't expecting anything scintillating for this conference though, so it actually exceeded expectations.  I wish the TVs were flat screen.  But the rooms were very clean, the beds comfortable, and the housekeeping leaves you nice chocolates on the bed and make up your room at night (turn down service).  The front desk agent was very helpful about getting me a map when I needed to drive somewhere and even let me  behind the counter so I could input directions myself into Mapquest.I joined their free loyalty program and got free internet and goodies delivered to the room.  Also, I banked my three company-paid nights towards a free night at a different Omni for my personal enjoyment :)
4	I stayed here while having my wedding in Charlotte recently.  The staff here did such a great job.  We asked for a suite and they set us up with one.  Unfortunately - it was facing the new nightclub/mall area in downtown charlotte - so till about 3AM we were serenaded with the lovely sounds of techno/dance music.  We asked to be moved and the staff totally hooked us up - Thanks Courtney.  We got another suite which was bigger for the same rate.  The staff totally moved all our stuff.  The staff are attentive and friendly.  The location is great - right in the heart of uptown Charlotte and an easy ride to the airport.
3	Yo, deese burries were crazy dat I ate right daiyurr. Iz about $24 fo a buffet and red drink. Damn, shawty, that shits 'spensive. Go downsturrs an getchoseff some Chik fil A and a starbaays coffayy!! Fo real, son!!chris Jackson, out!!
2	Wireless connection at this place is HORRIBLE. NASCAR event was right outside our hotel so it was as loud as can be. However, staff was nice and accommodating. Unsure if it's just southern hospitality or if they're actually good workers - either way, not worth it. If I were back in Charlotte and needed to be close to the Federal Courthouse would I stay here? Probably not. Westin would be a better choice for a little more money.
3	I can't say I'm particularly impressed with the Omni.   Certainly the web site makes the location look quite luxurious, but the reality is that the interior design in this hotel is tragic.  The hallways look like some ugly 70s beige nightmare.    Worse, the room I had on the edge of the building was incredibly inconvenient:  tiny bathroom with door that wouldn't close due to floormat and in full view of guests at the aloft across the street.   I had a minibar but they never gave me the key so it didn't do me much good.    The choice of movies on demand is absolutely tragic and worst of all, no porn!  No, seriously...     I actually ordered room service the first evening I got in since I wasn't familiar with Charlotte or the surroundings.   I ordered a 3 cheese panini with french fries and a wedge salad.   The wedge salad was actually quite good but the 3 cheese panini was worse than a grilled cheese sandwich I could have made in my microwave at home with white bread and cheddar.   Ditto the fries.    Breakfast the next morning wasn't much better with the only saving grace being the scrambled eggs done easy, as I'd requested them.    I'm not sure why I got whole wheat toast instead of my english muffin, though.All and all, I'd probably come back here mostly for the location near the office when I'm in Charlotte.   I certainly wouldn't recommend it if you're coming to Charlotte and plan to spend any considerable time in your hotel though.    There's gotta be much better than this.    I'm checking out the pool later today.   If it significantly changes my view positively or negatively, I'll update the rating accordingly.
1	I recently stayed here during a business trip, and it was so bad I had to cut my stay short and go to another hotel.I've stayed at the LA Omni numerous times, and they have nice accommodations, great service and I like staying there.  I was hoping to have a similar experience and was thoroughly disappointed.I stayed on the preferential floors, but even then the rooms were horrible.  Small, old furniture, old TV, dingy, musty, small bathroom, stains on the ceiling etc.  I was starting to get depressed just being there.  Room service was mediocre, the complimentary drink service was not well presented, came too early, way before my requested time when I wasn't awake yet (they knocked at 5:30am).  It's right in front of the Epicenter so on Thursdays when they have bands playing there at night time, I'm sure it's really really loud.The pool is this round small pool, that I didn't even attempt to go into.Will not stay there again until they have a major remodel of the entire inside of the hotel.
3	The goodGreat location, good lobby, decent rooms.The BadThe TVs are from 1995, how do hotels not have flat screens by now?The bed is probably the hardest, most uncomfortable thing I have ever slept on.I'm staying here for a workshop. I regret not booking at the Hilton, Marriott or aLoft
2	My in-law stayed here while visiting/job interviewing a few days ago, so based on her feedback...The staff was happy and helpful, and she got a pretty good deal through Orbitz.- the cost ended up being only a few more dollars per night than the shiesty Holiday Inn that the company she was interviewing for had put her up in.  The location is quite ideal for uptown shenanigans.  And yes, the beds here are FIRM.  I would hate it, but she likes a firm mattress.However, these fools need to invest in some sound proofing.  Bands are often playing in front of Bank of America next door,the EpiCentre entertainment complex is also nearby, and frankly this city is growing so it ain't gonna get any quieter.  Staying on the 12th floor, windows shut, and already a light sleeper, this was, in short, a problem.  So fix it.
3	An older "luxury" hotel in downtown charlotte. Be sure to join their select guest program before visiting as you get free WiFi and beverages as well as free nights. Nice rooms and beds though a bit overpriced given the visible age of the hotel. It certainly is very convenient location wise in the center of downtown and practically next door to the transit station. Room service and other amenities are so absurdly overpriced that they're practically daring you to order.
3	We wanted to have a fun night out in uptown without worries of driving home afterward so we bid $65 on priceline for a 4 star hotel and ended up in the Omni.  The location was great being right across the street from the epicentre and in the heart of uptown.The Omni has several conference/meeting rooms and seems as big as a convention center.  There are also lots of restaurants on the main floor including a Starbucks and a high dollar buffet style restaurant.The room itself was not the greatest (probably not 4 star worthy) but wasn't bad for $65.  We stayed in a room with 2 double beds and the space was small.  The bathroom was maybe one of the smallest hotel bathrooms I've seen.  The beds were quite firm but I passed out all the same.I would've been a tad disappointed had we paid full price ($130) for this room.
2	Let's be honest with each other on this review. Yes, it's downtown Charlotte, NC but who cares. For the prices that this hotel charges, they can do much better. I'd suggest that they call the Omni in Pittsburgh and find-out how its done.
2	Substandard - not a good hotel for business, and desperately in need of a renovation.  1. Hallways and rooms were dim, though the beds were comfortable.  2. There were no outlets anywhere near the desk to plug a phone/laptop in to. 3.  Furniture was very dated.  4.  Rooms were not quiet to say the least.  I could hear alarms and laughter from two different sides, and I had a marching band (!) playing outside my window for over an hour between 8 and 9pm.  I'll stay elsewhere next time I'm in town.
4	As far as business hotels are concerned, this one isn't bad.  It doesn't have the breadth of offerings in as many locations as say.. a Marriott or Hilton, but does the job in a pinch.  I was forced to stay here by my corporate rate, but the value didn't seem worth it.  Granted, they provide a free morning beverage (OJ, water, etc..) delivered to your room and a complimentary shoe shine, but the rate is still steep.The lobby is a bit strange as the parking elevators do not bring you to the check-in desk.  Otherwise, the location of hotel is well situated in the middle of downtown and very close to everything you need.4 stars for a decent attempt at being a service oriented hotel, but it falls shy in the luxury department.
4	The Omni Charlotte is an immaculate luxury hotel that totally provides the Omni standard of service. I have stayed at this hotel on three separate occasions now, and each time I have been impressed. On my most recent stay, I arrived in Charlotte much earlier than expected; the wonderful front desk agent checked me into my room at 7:00 a.m.! The rooms are somewhat dated but still nicely appointed. As a Select Guest member, my Wifi internet connection was free (the hotel otherwise charges $9.95) and the connection was decent. I ordered room service - it arrived promptly and the food was great. Working out/hitting the gym while I travel is very important to me. At this hotel, you have two options: you can use the hotel's gym at no charge or you can go to the Charlotte Athletic Club, located in the same building, via a guest pass issued by the front desk. The pass costs $15. The hotel's gym is not what I have been accustomed to in four and five star hotels. It has a couple cardio machines and some free weights - if you want a full workout, you won't get it there. The Charlotte Athletic Club is a wonderful gym and is just as easily accessed as the hotel's own. It bothered me that I had to pay $15, however, to use the gym. The hotel should either provide its guests with a gym comparable to other hotels of its class OR using the Charlotte Athletic Club should be complimentary. Other than my frustration with the fitness aspect, the hotel is great, the staff are helpful and polite, and the location is superb.
3	This place was a bit worn, yet was ultimately an A-OK experience.The Superb:  The Valet.  At both drop-off and pick-up, these young men were superb.  Well done.  Also, the man just inside from the valet who helped me with last minute HAND WRITTEN directions to the airport?  You kick ass.The Average:  The room was nothing out of the ordinary.  The bed was fine, everything was clean, and there were no odd smells.  The $10 fee for the internet was frustrating, but accepted.The Poor:  The lobby.  It was not well marked, and was rather barren.  The people working at the lobby when I arrived were clearly not happy with their jobs.  The best part? I heard two people just out of sight behind the counter talking some serious smack about the hotel and other employees.  It would have been more entertaining on check-out, than on check-in.Long story short - Hardly the "luxury" hotel experience I am used to, but for the price, whatever.
4	Perfectly happy with my brief stay at the Charlotte Omni.  Located uptown, with lots of good restaurants and attractions in the immediate surrounding area.  I came for business and had several good nights.  The staff is extremely nice, helpful and responsive.Comments below about pay wifi and tv's:  I was in two rooms and both TV's were flat screens so it seems that issue has been resolved.  As for Wi-Fi, if you're paying for it, you're not too smart.  The hotel has a great rewards program and as long you sign up (it's free to do so) you receive complimentary Wi-Fi AND complimentary beverage service brought to your door every AM.  It's a really nice touch that I really like.  And their Select Guest program has some other great perks, which has made me a very loyal customer over the years.  One other helpful hint:  look on Expedia or other travel sites for rates before going to the hotel to book.  Very often you can find the room at a greatly discounted price online and the hotel can't match it.  My room for this stay was $95 online and the hotel was charging $219 to book through them.  So do a little shopping first.
2	The Uptown location was perfect for the purpose of our trip. We were in town for a football game. It is a nice walk from the Omni to the BOA Stadium. All of the staff that we dealt with were VERY friendly and helpful. Now for all the rest. 1. Parking nightmare. We arrived shortly after check-in time, so yes it was busy. There was some kind of problem with a car, or not enough valets or something, but we could not even get turned into the driveway of the hotel. It was very backed up. 2. You enter on the ground floor and must ride the elevator 1 floor to the lobby. I'm sorry but that is a personal pet peeve. A. Did you really not have enough room for the lobby and front desk on the ground floor? B. you just told me there were no stairs to this exit. If that is a case, how am I going to get out in case of a fire? 3. Our room overlooked the pool, and some of Charlotte. This was scenic- and NOISY. We were not in the room all day Saturday, but the hotel was choosing to play the same songs on the loudspeaker at the pool OVER and OVER and OVER. So while we were trying to watch other football games before heading to ours, it was quite annoying. 4.The room was pretty small. I have stayed in larger rooms in much smaller cities. For $9.00 more we could have had more space- but they were out of those rooms. 5. Electrical cords. Maybe it was just my room, but there were lamp cords all over the floor. It is a miracle one of us did not trip. 6. Bad lighting. Even with all those lamps- I still felt like there was not enough light- and the bathroom lighting? terrible. 7. Water Pressure. I thought it was going to rip my skin off. Overall it seems like this hotel was poorly designed, that seems to be the root of most of the problems we had. If we were to stay in Uptown again we would stay elsewhere.
4	This Omni came highly recommended based on its location and the size of the suites.  As I was planning a bachelor party to include the Panthers game, this was a perfect fit.Check-in was speedy on a Friday evening.  I had two suites and the rooms were as advertised.  The tv was not working in one of the rooms, which was fixed within 30 minutes.  Also, after speaking to a room service attendant and telling him the purpose of my trip, he offered to send up a platter for the groom-to be on the house.  Upon returning to the rooms, there were platters with snacks and beers from the hotel with a kind note wishing the groom well.  A great gesture and great service. No complaints with any other part of the hotel.  The parking system, while annoying, was standard, especially considering the garage is shared.  The charge for internet in this day is ridiculous though.  I mean, there is free internet in every park in NYC, every fast food restaurant, etc., stop wringing people's pockets.   I went to Starbucks, which was 500 ft away, and used their internet...Overall, cleanliness, location and service was great.  The decor is not modern and but the great service earned the fourth star!
4	After multiple flat out miserable experiences at the Center City Hilton, I tried out the Omni and have been going back ever since. If you are looking for something more budget minded, Aloft right across the street will do well. If you are looking for something a little more high end but not quite Ritz level, Omni hits it on the head. I have stayed here 8 times thus far and on every occasion I have had excellent service via the front desk, immaculately clean rooms, and good room service. I always stay in the same executive corner suite over looking the epicenter so I can't speak toward the standard junior suite quality. I prefer the larger rooms. I have recommended this to my family coming to town for my upcoming wedding. Love this place. Easy walking distance to everything from Chima, Ruths Chris, Pita Pit, and smack across the street from the epicenter and all its restraunts, bars, movie theater, bowling alley, and the like.
3	Decent hotel, and we would stay here again if we got the same Priceline deal ($80/night), but not our favorite.The hotel is definitely a little dated, but here is the rest of the pro/con list:Pro's- Great location- Great Service/Staff- Nice Amenities- Nice Lobby- Affordable Parking- $10 (Compared to many major cities)- Free Wi-FiCon's- Firm Beds (Personal Preference)- Thin Walls- Older rooms- Small Bathrooms- Hard to reach/Few wall outlets (I have a lot of gadgets)I will say again though, that the staff were great. Very friendly and helpful. Also, the location is the main selling feature as others have stated. There is a walkway over the street to the Epicentre. If you are going over there, make sure to talk to the desk in the parking area, they have discount coupons for a few of the nicer restaurants.A few other tips:- You can get a free corkscrew if needed from the front desk that is great for traveling.- Get the mini fridge key for storing your own food/beverages. It's small, but works.- Sign up for their loyalty program for free Wi-Fi
4	The first 'official' weekend with my boyfriend. I fly into CLT and he has a suite booked.. Top floor.. Corner room ... as a surprise to me... :-) Huge room... 2 beds??? Poster beds.. BUT my boyfriend was a bit shocked.. A W T H moment... tells me how perfect this weekend was to be... Dinner at Capitale... partying with friends within my boos industry at EpiCenter... I loved the room.. BUT he wasn't happy. He had booked a king.. got 2 beds... right place ... wrong beds.. Good points... Room was large.. bathroom was seperate of the dressing room... Bad points.. Starbucks closed on weekends???! ... A/C in our room ended up not working so well: we had it set at 60* and we were still hot... OR maybe that was just us:-) By check out time.. we both were sneezing.. BUT location is awesome..AND if you want the 2 bed scene of a romantic weekend... well. Here you go! I still like the Omni.. it's my boo and my place... of 'officiality' :-)
1	Wow...if you are familiar with the Omni in San Diego, or Dallas DO NOT come here expecting the same!! I would like to say this is a Holiday inn dressed up in a high rise but that would be doing a disservice to the Holiday Inn! The hotel feels old, rooms are tiny, and mustier than your grandma's basement. Beds feel like springy cement and AC rattles like a cage all through the night. I expected more from a name like Omni and pay per day Wifi! Are you serious it's??!! It's 2012!! Next time I will run not walk to the aloft down the street I only wish I knew there was one here sooner Omni Charlotte you get 1 star and 5 "BOOOOOOOOOs"
2	For the price this is a 2 star.  For location this place is a 4 star.  The rooms are small and they even gave me a corner room that said was bigger.  I would hate to see what a normal room looks like.  The corner room has 2 full size beds and is like a triangle.  You do have space but very little and the bathrooms well the toilet and the shower are like touching each other.  You can barely close the bathroom door if you want to do business in private!  The corner rooms also that face 4th street just expect a night of loud music as that side faces several rooftop bars and they play music loud late into the night.  Only saving grace is putting in the AC fan but that is loud as well.  Either music or white noise.  The signature lounge...again...small.  Overall the lobby is nice, nice restaurant and attached to BofA and the center of town with everything in walking distance.  As I said....for location unbeatable.  For a luxury hotel for the price NOPE.
3	This Omni is in a superb location for a stay whe you want to sample some of the best of Uptown Charlotte.  Right in the hub of things on Trade St. in between Tryon and College, across from the Epicenter, short couple of blocks to TWC arena.  Plenty of good restaurants easily within walking distance as well.  We generally stay here when attending a concert at TWC so we don't have to worry about driving, parking, drinking and driving, etc.  Had a real treat this past Tuesday night when we were put up in a huge triangle shaped suite on the 14th floor with windows running the full length of the longest two sides of the triangle.  Offered some great views of Uptown Charlotte!If the rooms were a bit less dated and the service at the bar was a bit better/friendlier, I'd be inclined to go 4 Stars but, that said, I have no qualms about staying here given the location and the prices you can find.
5	Stayed here a few months ago and still remember the great service I received. One night, there was a knock on my door asking if I wanted turndown service. I said no thank you but I would like one of the chocolates they put on pillows. The employee said he didn't have any and said good night. Ten minutes later, there's another knock on the door and room service produced a plate of chocolate covered pretzels free of charge. How's that for service? I don't normally stay at Omnis but this one went above and beyond bringing this weary traveler chocolate after a quick comment about how much I love chocolate. Will definitely stay here again if I return to Charlotte.
4	Stayed here for one night.   Great location great staff. Perfect location for visiting Charlotte, stayed here for UNCC move-in and wan't a better option than those hotels by the campus. Looking forward to my next visit.
2	Great location but not the best value.  Tiny bathrooms - could barely close the door with the rug.  Noisy guests had a party - we could hear the door slam as our beds were positioned on the wall of the hall.  Poor design.  Security finally broke the party up at 1:30 am.  Lots of other hotel choices in the area.
1	I recently stayed at the Omni in Charlotte, NC for the week of the Democratic National Convention. While the hotel has a great location and friendly staff, I slept on a cot for three nights and became infected with BEDBUGS and had to go to the ER when I got home today for treatment. First we thought it was fleas, then scabies but apparently it is really BEDBUGS....the WORST.  The hotel told me they were going to have to do "tests" to be sure the bugs came from their hotel, but two doctors so far and my own common sense suggest I got them from bedding at the Omni. The hotel does not seem very interested in dealing with the situation either; I have talked to them many times this week and they have not told me about any corrective measures. BEWARE.
1	Hair in the sheets and stain on the pillow! Yuk!!!!! I don't think they changed the sheets. Maybe the previous guest made the bed, so the roomkeeper left it? I don't know, but it gave me the creeps, and we looked closely at everything else and found everything grungy. On the surface, it looks OK, but OMG, it is GROSS!!!!!!!Staff was very curt bordering on rude. No smiles anywhere, just treated us like cattle - unwanted cattle at that. Don't dare ask for clean sheets..... you may become a "problem guest" and get the hairy eyeball for the rest of your visit.Is it unreasonable to expect CLEAN SHEETS? This place is not cheap. I don't expect to be treated like royalty, but nor do I expect to be treated like a bum off the sttreet!!!!
1	I just stayed at the Omni for the DNC and lets just say they REALLLY don't know how to handle bad situations. I was sharing the room with two other girls and we got a cot for the week. After the first night my roommate woke up with what she thought was a rash on her forehead and a few bug bites. We thought she had an allergic reaction to the sheets so called down to have them changed. The next day she woke up again with even more bites - which is when we all started to panic. She saw a doctor who told her based on the bites that he/she thought it was FLEAS which were probably in the cot she slept on each night. When we complained to the hotel they only switched our room. Now I've been to hotels that reimbursed people because they had cold water in the shower. THIS IS FLEAS PEOPLE!! NO reimbursement for our hotel stay which was 6 whole days. They didn't even give my friend $30 for her visit to the local Charlotte Clinic. They kept saying the had to "TEST first." Its been 5 days since we left and 8 days since they took the cot to test and still nothing. Not even an apology note. Oh and my friend asked them to wash all her clothes to rid them of fleas and get it to her before she left on Friday. The couldn't even do that right - when she left they said they'd ship her clothes to her. Now I'm told that my friend saw a doctor at home who said they think it's BED BUGS!! Which I could have brought home to my own house!! I'm freaking out.DO NOT STAY HERE!!!
4	Just attended a conference for four nights. Got great service from every single encounter - front desk, housekeeping, bartender, parking valet. I don't write many reviews, but felt compelled because I really enjoyed my stay. Terrific breakfast buffet, hot beverage delivered to my room with newspaper every morning, turn-down service. Everything I asked for, and more.
3	Stayed here for a business trip to Charlotte. Location wise, this place is absolutely perfect. Uptown Charlotte is the center of the business district in the city and the Omni hotel is located right in the middle of it. This hotel is absolutely ideal for anyone traveling to Charlotte on business or if you want to be located in walking distance to dining and entertainment. Also, most of the buildings in uptown Charlotte are connected to each other via walkway, so you can easily commute around the uptown area directly from the Omni hotel. Now the rooms of the hotels didn't match the overall presentation. They were fine, but they were nothing special and even seemed a little dated. The lobby of the hotel is very nice, but the rooms were just ok. It comes with a nice plasma TV and there's a decent amount of space, but the beds weren't the most comfortable and the room looks about 10-15 years dated. There's a bar in the lobby that is great. The bartender was awesome and hooked up a few special drinks that I asked him to make. It's a relaxed scene with comfortable chairs and couches spread through out. It even has a pretty good happy hour scene for a hotel bar. Overall this place is a great stay for anyone who desires to be in the uptown area. You literally cant be beat the location and it's an overall good hotel.
2	Painfully Blah, older business hotel that needs updates and upgrades.  The Good: Central Location, Clean, Friendly Staff The Bad: Paid $300+ for a blah hotel, rooms are old and out-dated, internet is really really slow for a business hotel, food is mediocre. Not a fan of this large downtown business hotel. Omni's can be hit or miss, this is a miss. Room decor is old and bed was not comfortable. Internet was super-slow, really? In 2012? TV was newer, but remote was terrible. Small bathroom, loud heater-A/C.  I did like the location and service was very friendly (front desk, valet, concierge, bellman, room service). But, I simply cannot explain how they can charge $300+ on a busy week. That's more than the Ritz in most towns. Meh. Needs total re-do to be worthy. Charlotte is really weak on nice business hotels... The RItz... and then what? Amazingly average hotels here, even name chains (Marriott, Westin, Omni).
5	Amazing service & attention. They took it upon themselves to fix my day after Delta Airlines did a bang up job of making me hate them for life. I was tired, miserable, and 5th level of Hades ticked off. Omni, conversely, gained a customer for life on his first visit. Who does that?! These guys...thank you.
3	Solid hotel, pretty hard beds but clean. Great water pressure and fantastic location.  Be sure to join their club for free in room wifi.
4	TIP:  Do not stay in this Omni or ANY Omni without joining their loyalty program.  It is free to join online.  You will be rewarded at any Omni you stay in, and it will help you become an instant FAN.     In our experience, Omni's are often old (often historical) hotels that have excellent service.  Such was our experience here.     Pluses: Loved that you have to have a room key to get up the elevator.  Security is a good thing.  Loved the friendly staff from front desk to room service.  Bed was very comfortable, as were our robes.  Truly love the free morning drinks that come with the loyalty program membership.  (see pic) Coffee for Husband, Tea for me, delivered promptly as requested to be delivered with a knock and "leave it".  We certainly made sure to call and have gratuity added on, as hopefully everyone does.    It is such a wonderful Omni feature, and the hard-workers that make it happen deserve to be rewarded!     Slight negatives:  a bit complicated to order a movie (had to call downstairs and tell them what movie, etc.  Not a big deal, but it would be nice to be able to just do it from the room without involving anyone else)....Musty smell...I do believe it was coming from the piece of furniture that our tv was on.  Especially when we opened the cabinet to get to the fridge, an unpleasant smell wafted out.  One that was also noticed every time we entered the room.   Am a Priceline gal, and this was a very good "win"...really enjoyed our stay!  Note:  You can't beat this location if you want to be in the center of Downtown!
5	Stayed here for the Belk bowl.  Great location all kinds of restaurants nearby and the football and basketball stadiums are in walking distance. The staff was friendly and helpful from the valet to the check in to the food service.  The room was good, it actually had king size pillows for a king size bed!!  There is a Walgreens downstairs for items you forgot to pack.
3	Location was excellent! Rooms were very basic. For the price I expected a lot more. The hotel is in need of an upgrade. I was here for a USF bowl game and this was the team hotel. The location was next to the EpiCenter which had plenty of entertainment and restaurant options.If I got a good deal, I'd come back.
1	As others have mentioned -- this hotel is extremely outdated. The location is perfect, however! The parking area opens directly (across the street) to the elevators that lead to the Epicenter. The staff seemed ok, but it just could not make up for the room. Everything felt so old. Old towels, old decor, old carpet, old halls. I would not stay again, unless a major renovation takes place.
5	All their staff are super friendly, but there are two individuals who outshined everyone else, IMHO. 1. I forgot her name so I can't mention it here, but she is the one in charge of 14th floor lounge on 5/27/13 in the morning. 2. Jeff at the front desk who answered my wife's gazillion questions. POOR BOY :).Definitely an awesome experience. Even our dogs will agree.
1	Looks fine, seems fine, but it's not fine. The walls and doors are paper thin. We could hear people whispering down the hall (no exaggeration) and those enjoying their rooms in a more or less romantic way were known to all.... completely. This is a hotel with zero privacy- from the loud clubs outside heard throughout the night as if our hingeless window could open and was open, to the screams of ecstasy from the rooms behind us and across the hall. If you join the select guest free membership be sure to ask the front desk what you get. There are perks but none were mentioned until we received the checkout bill in the morning under our door. I personally would have enjoyed free juice in the morning, or at least would have appreciated knowing it was an option. We will not be staying here again. Truly unfortunate as my partner is moving to this area and the Omni is in a wonderful location. Staff was friendly, can't tell you about the food or beverages since we never had any (though the completely and perpetually empty restaurant looked beautiful), parking was simple enough (garage is $15/day with in and out privileges or $22/day valet). We wanted desperately to like this hotel, just didn't happen for us. Best of luck to those that go for it ;)
5	Front desk staff was really helpful. Valet guys are great.
2	Decent hotel downtown but has noise problem.Everything was more or less ok except for the noise.  Entertainment district across the way had throbbing disco beat that  wouldn't let us sleep.  .  Had to change rooms with my 3 kids at 02:30 a.m and we were flying back to Germany the next morning.Ask for room on side not facing entertainment district or simply book elsewhere.  Otherwise you will NOT get a good night's sleep.  It is simply inexcusable to book a nice downtown Hotel in a supposedly "World" city and feel like you're trying to sleep directly on the disco dance floor.  This Hotel is in need of sound-proofing renovations.Extra note in case Omni reads this.  You should sue the pants off the entertainment district for the late night noise.
3	I'm of two minds about the Omni - on one hand, it's a decent hotel in a perfect location if you're doing business in Charlotte.  On the other hand, though, it's a bit dated and obviously wasn't built with the kind of sound insulation required now that the Epicenter is right across the street.In fact, as I sit here right now, in my 7th floor room, I can almost clearly hear the music pumping out from the rooftop event just across the street.  Luckily, it's 7:30pm, but somehow from the presence of the earplugs provided in my bedside drawer, I'm not sure that the party's going to end by the time I need to call it a night.The same goes for inside the hotel - a couple nights ago there were some folks in the hall, obviously having come back from a good night at the bars - and I could hear every. single. thing. that they said to each other.  It was all in good fun, I wasn't anywhere close to calling it a night - but that doesn't mean that others with their Privacy Please signs weren't.Other than the noise pollution issue, though, the place is pretty nice.  Rooms are decent-sized, and provide the expected amenities - including flat-screen TVs (which shouldn't be a surprise in this day and age, but somehow can be).  Their Wi-Fi is charged at $10-$15 per night, based on bandwidth, unless you subscribe to their frequent guest program, which means they'll take it off at the end of your stay.The lobby connects directly to the Epicenter or the BB&T building by walkways, and also opens up directly to the Bank of America Center, which makes it pretty much an awesome location for business travelers.  There's a Walgreens in the lower lobby, as well as a Starbucks, Chick-Fil-A, and several other quick-grub places.Overall, it's a nice place to stay with some minor issues - the location as a whole could use an update, but I've stayed at plenty worse places in my time as a business traveler.
3	I was here for a work event and then stayed overnight after a night on the town indulging in adult beverages. My review is based on both my experience in the meeting rooms and an overnight stay in a guest room. First off, the hotel staff down in the  meeting rooms for our events were very helpful and did a good job providing everything we needed for our meetings, including a nice catered lunch.  The bathrooms, ballrooms, and meeting rooms were all clean and well appointed for our event. 4 stars for the meeting space. However, as some of the other reviewers noted, the guest rooms could certainly use some major updating, as this property is older.   As noted in other reviews, the place is a bit on the noisy side and you may need to use the disposable earplugs, which are stocked in the drawers beside the bed. There were quite a few loud drunk people in the hallway and you could certainly hear way too much noise while inside your room. However, if you are just crashing after a night of partying in downtown the noise may not be a huge issue.   What is a little scarier to me is the fact that I noticed a couple of bug-bites on my legs this afternoon.  I didn't notice anything during the night last night, but honestly, I had been drinking before crashing for the evening so it is not surprising that I didn't notice anything at that time.  Now, I did not see any actual bed bugs running around but seeing those bites on my legs today certainly makes me wonder.  Based on those factors,  I am going to say 1 star for the guest room.
1	GROSS! I can not believe my experience with this hotel. I started getting rooms downtown when friends from out of town come in. I was at the Westin 2 weeks prior, which was amazing and a very great experience. So I thought hey for my friends birthday coming up more people are coming I want to get an even better place so the Omni I thought would be great and it's right next to epicenter were made reservations at Flemings...we took pictures of how disgusting the room looked! There was a cockroach wing, not in a corner, but in an obvious position on the middle of the floor. The chair in the room was extremely dirty and stained. I stayed at the Westin just 2 weeks before and the Omni couldn't even hold a candle to that place. I have no idea why they are considered a nice hotel? It is THE worst room I have ever stayed in ever. There is NOTHING modern about the hotel, there is a difference in vintage style and just plain and out of date. The last time I saw a bathroom this small and out of date was spring break in Panama city and that was a cheap last minute hotel we had to take but at least it was right on the beach. I don't care how close this is to epicenter, it's NOT worth the price.We had friends from out of town that just couldn't believe how gross the room was. We only stayed one night. Thank God! The front desk people were snarky and made you feel as if you were being judged, you have to walk by them any time you leave your room. The whole experience was awful and uncomfortable.I am going to post the pics
3	An Omni hotel.  You know what you're getting.
3	This hotel is located in the heart of Downtown Charlotte, across from a decent-sized shopping area. The rooms were fine, but the walls were a touch thin.The hotel staff were friendly, helpful and professional.My room was just fine, clean and well-appointed, outlets for all your electronics where they need to be. Valet parking was great; I never had to wait for my car beyond when I requested it for. All of the valet staff seemed to have high morale; I know this is a strange comment but I found it so refreshing I had to mention it here.
3	It's true that the bathrooms are teeny. It's true that the hotel feels a little dated. But I've stayed here twice and had pleasant experiences both times. The room was clean. The bed was comfortable. The staff was friendly. I would probably put it at 3.5 stars if possible. Given the brand, I feel like it should be better than it is. Certainly, if I were paying sticker price for the room, I would be disappointed. (I booked through Priceline.) There are newer hotels close by with similar rates.
1	I wish I would've read the Yelp reviews prior to booking this hotel, because if I had, I would've stayed elsewhere. This hotel left so much to be desired, sadly. We arrived and went up to our room. Walked in and smelled the musty smell that other Yelpers described. The room was pretty clean but so so worn down for the price per night. See pictures for proof. I mean, a stain on a chair and bed skirt isn't acceptable when you're paying upwards of $300 for two nights. The water pressure was borderline painful and the shower head was very low. The bed was hard as rocks and very uncomfortable. There was an issue with parking as the machines weren't working this past Saturday morning. Finally, I told the guy at the desk I needed to go and to get me out of the deck however he could because I was in a wedding and was late at this point (because of their issue) to meet with the bridal party. Nothing was done to accommodate the crappy situation unfortunately. This hotel is extremely loud and the walls are very thin. Some gals strolled in at 3am Sunday morning talking about strippers and we were listening to the bumping of Katy Perry's "Roar" remix blasting from the EpiCenter all. night. long!!!!!! See night stands for ear plugs. Word to the wise: steer clear of this dump. Spend your money at a hotel that actually has good customer service and cares about the quality of their hotel.
4	If you're doing business or seeing anything in the Uptown area, the Omni will put you right in the middle of everything. Wonderful staff and a very pleasant experience. Room service was great, rooms were very clean and very reasonable price for the experience. Would love to stay again.
2	This hotel is centrally located and there is plenty around to eat and do for those staying here while in town for work. They also were very accommodating when I required transportation in the early morning hours and arranged car service for me. However, my room was foul. Not the worst or most disgusting I've ever stayed in but it was gross. The walls were bubbling and discolored, it smelled dingy and the air conditioning didn't convince me it worked appropriately. The worst was that the shower didn't drain and every time I showered I was standing in water up to my calves. I had much higher expectations for an Omni. I've stayed in Holiday Inns that were nicer.
2	The hotel is in downtown Charlotte and is with an area of night clubs with loud outdoor music.  Was in town for Business and was not able to sleep for two nights due to loud banks in the area.The rooms and halls smell MUSTY and DAMP!!The menu for the restaurant/lounge needs some updating.  There is LIMITED items for those looking for a healthy diet.Will not be my choice for future stays in Charlotte.
3	Stayed here thinking it would be a great place since I have stayed at Omnis before in several other locations. Made a reservation here and was also here for memorial day weekend and was very underwhelmed. The Omni hotels have always ben known to be a very nice place and this location was not up to that standard. It was not horrible but for the price some people pay I would expect better. When staying here I ordered room service several times and it was okay, but nothing special that I could not get anywhere else. I thought the food eas delicious though I just think that for the premium price they ask for you would get more. The portions were a nice size though and they always give you condiments which not a lot of places do. The hotel room in general was very BLAH. Nothing exciting, but nothing gross. Every think seemed out dated and very pale and boring. You think they would have spent more time and money in making it more up to date. The carpet as well was not gross, but just kinda looked like it had been there a while and needed to be replaced. As a whole, the hotel was a nice place. The weekend I was there I also saw there was an Indian wedding going on. I thought it would be a great place to hold a venue, but I would not want my guest to stay in the room I did if they are all pretty much similar. I also felt that the 3 stars is mainly due to the rooftop pool they had which was amazing on my long weekend. That alone could have made the hotel better. I think that if this location spent some more time and money they could live up to the standard that all the other locations do. Charlotte is a nice city and all the other hotels are more up to date. Omni would gain more business if they just did some minor changes
2	This was my first trip to Charlotte. I've looked up other hotels in the area and have decided upon the Omni. The Omni is very overrated. When we checked-in, they had a five day wedding celebration in progress. No bell captains available upon check-in. When we got up to the room, I was very surprised to see how outdated it was for the money. Ripped curtains, blown out light bulbs in bathroom. And most of the extra electrical outlets did not work. I had my cell phone charging, come to find out the outlet never worked. I switched it to another outlet, and, again, no charge. Upon my morning cup of coffee in the room, the mini creamers were sour. I called room service, and they never brought them up. Nor did they refresh the coffee station when they cleaned the room. No fresh creamers and two sugars for two days! I take my coffee serious. Lol. The second day in the morning starting at 7:00 AM, I was woken by a pounding sound of music coming from the courtyard. This was the ritual going on for the wedding. It continued for two hours. If the wedding was going to be honored on the lower floors, they should have put the other guests on the upper floor to avoid all the commotion. The garbage cans on site were overflowing with garbage for two days. No one took the responsibility of emptying them. We paid good money for a nice, clean, quite break. Only to have nothing but a out of date room, tons of noise, and a unclean looking surrounding. Guests should have been forewarned of the wedding festivities when booking. Although, the staff was very accommodating, they weren't on a mini vacation, we were. The only thing we were offered was free coffee or a breakfast beverage in the morning ! Also, be aware, if you don't join their rewards club, check your bill for a $9.95 a day charge for Internet. We were really disappointed in this hotel and will not be returning at all. See attached pictures.
4	Stayed here because I was in town for a wedding. Hadn't stayed here in years. It could use some updating but the rooms are still nice and comfy. But, the staff are what make this hotel awesome. Everyone was so nice. They know your name and take care of your every need. The location is also great. You can walk anywhere you need to go. I've always hated the entrance to the hotel but again, this is where the wonderful staff make this hotel with a strange entrance a great experience. Parking is $15 a day. Valet parking is $22 a day. Also know that it's location is great for eating and hanging out. The epicenter along with many other places are close by. One thing you must remember when staying here, it is uptown so it can be very noisy outside and you will hear it in your room.
3	The room was clean but very small. Looks like the rooms could use some updating. The staff was very courteous and accommodating. The workout area was extremely small and only has 4 cardio machines.
5	This review is long overdue.  Our trial team called the Omni Charlotte our home for a little over a month.  We were originally scheduled for 2 1/2 weeks but the freak snow storm in February kept us in through the first week of March.  Despite it being a very busy time in Charlotte, the hotel managed to get us an extended stay and made us feel very at home. The sales manager, and catering/conference coordinator were extremely helpful with anything we needed.  The entire hotel was very responsive (even with our late night/early morning requests).  The rooms were nicely kept and our war room was always in order.  True, this isn't one of the newer hotels, but it had a lot of great amenities (including a drugstore and various food court type places to eat) that made our particular stay a little more pleasant.  And kudos to Michelle M. and Hope F. for being so extremely accommodating and pleasant to work with (even when I knew our requests were tough to deal with.  What a great team!
3	Hotel is NICE but seems best suited for business people who will only be interested in spending LOTS of cash. Our room was 300 for 2 nights and the room had a mini fridge fit for only a few items, no microwave etc. there were many things that they left in the room like bottles of water & candy & it was all extra. You would think at 150 per night you would get a few amenities. Internet is extra.
3	Great window view and we received grade A customer service from the front desk to housekeeping. Had an issue with our air conditioning but maintenance was up within minutes to fix. I gave 3 stars because the room smelled of cigarette smoke and they are located around the dance clubs which you can hear from the room.
3	Stayed 4 nights for business. Overall the hotel was ok. Front desk staff indicated our room was a "suite" with two double beds, despite requesting a king.The room was clean, but small things like chipped lamps, missing paint, small hole in the drapes and an unsuccessful attempt to cover a mark on the wall was disappointing. The AC would make a big "clank" when it cycled on. Staff is very, very friendly, pool was nice and the location is great-across from a ton of restaurants. The beds were comfortable. Unfortunately the rest of the room wasn't much to call home about.
1	Made a reservation in May through Expedia, which I needed to cancel.  I called the hotel and cancelled, and was told I'd be charged a $25 cancellation fee.  Well, lo and behold, Oct 7, I saw a charge to my card for $435.00.  Called the hotel and was told that the charge was for the cancellation back in May.  I explained what happened and was told that there was nothing they could do.  "who did you talk to", they asked?  Sure, I wrote that down and remembered it 6 months later.  Not.  So, obviously will not be staying there on future visits to Charlotte.
3	Ok hotel. Nothing special. Is located right across from the Epicenter so if you want quiet on the weekends, probably not the best place to stay.
4	Came into town with the family.  Second time here actually as we like to stay downtown when hanging out in the area for kids soccer tournament. I would like to comment on some previous posts. Noise and loud music. My father in law recently stayed at a nice townsuites in a rural area and couldn't sleep all night due to noisy guests. It can happen anywhere and at the Omni in Charlotte in the middle of the city?  You simply run that risk.  Omni does have to get with the program and update these rooms.  But we were comfortable and the amenities in the hotel (walgreens, chick, Starbucks) are key. Finally, our stay isn't over just yet, but the staff has been first-rate - kind, knowledgable, helpful. I travel for work quite a bit and get to stay in some really nice places, but for the price, the Omni is not all that bad. 3.7 (out of 5) rating is probably fair.
3	We got a deal on priceline and stayed here for an event near Charlotte. To be fair, this place is certainly a 4 star hotel, it's just that we hold different priorities than the hotel rating system does. We are not generally 4 star spenders.You kind of get forced into valet parking - weird to me. It actually costs more to park your car yourself than for someone else to park it. So we went with valet parking.. reluctantly.. because we love our car and don't like strangers touching it. But that's just an "us" thing.The concierge was very friendly and helpful. He was very willing to advise us on hot spots for dinner and drinks. He was very polite and professional.The room was impeccably clean and very comfortable. We had a good view of the city from our huge window. It was a very quiet room too, considering we were downtown, so soundproofing is a feature I appreciated at this hotel.Now here is where 4 star hotels lose points with us. EVERYTHING is extra. NO free WiFi. No complimentary breakfast of any type (not really a big deal, but we noticed). The nice 20oz bottle of water in our room, displayed invitingly, was SIX DOLLARS. Well stocked mini-bar but I can't imagine anyone ever paying that much for anything in there unless they were already drunk. In our opinion, and we are really just blue collar folks, for the price you pay for a room here you should definitely get more. That being said - with a good enough deal from priceline or another such service, we would stay here again, but never at full price.
4	It's been years since I've stayed at this Omni. After reading negative reviews I was hesitant to stay here, but glad I gave it a try. Overall stay was very pleasant and everything is as I would expect it to be for an Omni. Room is clean, well decorated, had all the amenities I expect and service has been good. Love that the hotel is connected to the main buildings I've needed to visit on this trip.
5	We had our company holiday party here and it was an AMAZING time!  Great atmosphere and all of the catering staff were courteous and helpful.
