3	Whoo!  It's a sports bar!  Whoo!  Let's watch some sports!Granted, I'm not nor have I ever been a sports fan and had it not been a friend's birthday I never would have walked in to this place.  However, I'm a good friend so I went to the party.  The place is pretty big.  Uh - the bathrooms were clean.  They had lots of domestic beer and domestic beer fans as patrons.  One of the patrons asked me something about the shirt I was wearing and I told him it was a shirt promoting feminism and feminist activism and he asked me, "Oh!  So since you're a lesbian...."The pizza and wings weren't terrible, but the fact that I had to eat them while listening to sports and talking to someone who doesn't know the difference between activism and sexual orientation was.
1	I used to love this place, I had been a customer for almost 8 years.  I havent been by there in a while and wanted a good pizza.The food was horrible.  The pizza uses such a low quality peperoni that when cooked, coats the pizza in yellow orange grease.  The salad was old with rusty lettuce, and the chicken wings were that greasy oily mess you get when they dont change the fryer oil often enough.SAVE YOUR MONEY DONT EAT HERE!!!!!!
4	My family has been going to Nikki Lee's for years now and always enjoyed the PIzza and Wings special.  We are big fans of the fried eggplant pizza with the BBQ and teriyaki flavored wings.  The bar and restaurant are very basic but adequate enough to enjoy a cocktail and your favorite sport.  Overall, well priced and well run.
5	I am writing this review based completely about the pizza served here. I have not tried anything else on the menu. I will say I am a fan of good pizza. I enjoy all kinds from thin crust to deep dish and everything in between. First let me say if you want pizza like pizza hut or domino's this isn't the place for you. The pizza here is east coast style the kind that flops a little and you have to fold to eat. The pizza is not overly greasy and the sauce is delicious! The location is a bit out of the way but its worth it. They have a 24hr kitchen so you can get a great pizza anytime. The standard 18in cheese pizza will run you about $15 here and is one of the best pizza's I have ever had in las vegas.
2	I picked this spot for an NBA finals lunch hour, but ran into some serious delays.  Not only did it take 15 minutes for someone to even give me a menu, the waitress was upset she had to work or something!  The place was half-full and not very active, so I have no idea what was up with the wait or attitude. Everything on the menu seemed a tad overpriced for an off-the-Strip lunch/sports bar.  Everyone on-staff looked depressed or angry, like a Siberian gulag crew.  After giving another five minutes for someone to come by, even when waving someone down, I finally gave up and left hungry.Places like these are ten to a mile along Sunset, I wish I'd picked a better one to waste half my lunch hour in.
4	Cools sports bar & Great bar food.Located near the Mc D's on Sunset and Eastern I've only had 1 item on the menu every time I go here.  The "HOT WING" PIE!!  If you like wings and pizza this is the dish for you.  Its a magical bond between the two staples.  The Ambiance is tuned for all sports lovers with memorabilia all over the place.  And for all you drinkers, there is a huge bar with wonders galore (cool bartenders).Service was always good for me but not outstanding.
2	Going downhill, food was below average.  Service is ok.
3	Came here yesterday afternoon and it was chilled out. Mixed crowd mostly 30 and up. the waitress was friendly. $2.00 miller lite draft 16 oz. Kinda smoky though.. lucky for me I was sitting nxt to the guy smoking Marlboro reds. the only one in the bar smoking what smelled like unfiltered and pleastly blowing his excess smoke in my face. how lucky am I?? We had one beer ea. and left. They had plent of tvs and this place was much larger than it appeared from outside. What I liked most was this was game 1 of world series and there was volume!!! AND best part about this place is they have those lil boxes that you can put beside you that gives you individual volume if you're watching a different game other than what' the main bar's volume is on. I LOVE THAT! I didnt order any food but there was a few families on the food side. This place was pretty full for being 4 pm on a weekday. I'd def. come bk.
4	We've been here a few times, with my father-in-law and his wife, for dinner. Huge sports bar, with loads of memorabilia and tvs playing sports games, usually pretty empty; jeez, hope this place stays open. If you find that the cheese pizza is very similar to Villa Pizza's, it's because my fil said it's the same recipe- he knows his Villa Pizza history (he knows the owner). It's what we usually order- the 18" for $14.95. The crust is thin, the New York style cheese pizza (although might seem plain to you) is perfect (except I do add pepper flakes) and pretty reasonable. Us ladies shared a basic salad. The friendly server was pretty good. She resembled a friend/neighbor at the gym. In fact, I think we saw her there recently, how funny, small world. And yes, we also have leftovers. A reliable place for New York style cheese pizza- there are so many places in Las Vegas that claim that, but they're fakes.
5	Great pizza, some of the best in Vegas.  Always have great beer specials!!
1	My friend and I came in late, figuring that this would be a nice stop.  We knew not to sit at the tables b/c obviously the restaurant was closed, but we tried sitting at some booths.  We were very rudely informed that we couldn't sit there by a server.  So we went to the bar.  My friend ordered water and the bartender gave him the dirtiest look.  I piped up and said he was hungry and did they have some food for us?  The bartender made some snippy comment about how she couldn't get us food right that second.  But she gave us the menu, and it was insanely overpriced.  We didn't feel very welcome there and really didn't think they deserved our money.  Needless to say, we got up and left before we could "exchange words" with the bartender again.  Don't go to Nikki Lee's!
1	Hands down WORST pizza I have ever had. I ordered a New York style thin crust pizza with pepperoni.  Mannn... this "pizza" came out with more grease than an auto shop! The dough was thick and soggy in the middle and the cheese tasted like rubber. To top it off the waitress/bartender said "Wow! Doesn't that look good?"  HAHAHA SERIOUSLY?! Maybe she's never had a pizza before, but this was pure nastiness.  My bf and I just looked at each other and laughed. Sorry Nikki Lee's... nice people working there and you may make good drinks, but PLEASE refrain from calling that ball of grease on my table a "pizza".
4	Nikki Lee's is great for lunch if you have a full hour. It's a big sports bar with lots of TV's and tons of cool memorabilia on the walls..in short a typical sports bar. While service can be achingly slow at times (one of my major pet peeves) it's offset by great lunch specials and great food. I've tried everything from their spaghetti to calzones to their garlic bread, and I keep coming back. For lunch this is one of my tried and true fail safe spots. I've never been here after work, it's always for lunch...I never have time after work but with the larger screen TV's mounted up where you can actually see them, if I could I would.
5	No joke, Nikki Lees literally has THE BEST CHICKEN WINGS in Las Vegas. I haven't found a place better yet. I go there late at night and no matter which cook is on shift they always taste the same. They are the perfect size, not too little meat and too much meat, and crispy on the bone. Try the HOTIYAKI sauce for a sweet treat. This place does not get the respect or attention it deserves, at least for its wings.
4	My indoor soccer team goes here almost every week after our game, and I always enjoy it.  The only thing I've had is their $20 large-pizza-and-2-pitchers-of-beer special, but I must say their pizza is really tasty & much better than you'd expect from a sports bar.  Service is always good and it's the perfect place to chill out -- and the guys love all the TV's with sports playing.  Ambiance is what you would expect from a typical sports bar, but it's definitely a fun spot to go with friends.  Try the pizza and beer special, it's great! :)
5	great food, great staff
5	Great fresh hand tossed pizza, great free pour drinks!!!!! It is awesome!!! Nice bartenders..pretty too!
4	My boyfriend and I have been trying to find a decent spot close to us to watch our seahawks games...after trying a few places we stopped at nikki lee's. Not only do they have every game playing but ours happen to be on one of the huge screens!!! we were on a very tight budget so we couldnt take advantage of the awesome pizza beer special but for under 20$ we got 2 all you can drink sodas (huge pounder glasses) an basket of stealth fries for first half and Nachos for second half. stealth fries are basic shoe string but you can also get waffle or steak fries. Nachos were the hit! Huge plate had what we call superman nachos with cheese sauce and shredded cheese. fresh salsa, olives, jalapanos and sour cream. we didnt get meat due to budget but you can order with a meat or chili for 3$ dollars more. we left full and happy especially cause yeah boy we won! and they also have video poker but my machine didnt work and bartender was a little rude about it so i didnt play. We will definatley be back with more money to have the pizza  special!
4	I love this place !!!!!  Great place for lunch, Tuesday & Thursday Buy one get one special !!!  Lasagna & pizza are my favorites!!!
4	good food, fun ambiance, cool people!  Definitely a fan
3	Love to come here after a good soccer game for some drinks and food. They have some amazing pizza here-MUST TRY!
5	This place is now called Bentley's. The pizza is delicious, like a NY pie! We ordered chicken wings extra crispy with sauce on the side. I actually can say that I felt like I was at a placed in Buffalo. The wings were fantastic! Happy hour specials Mon. thru Fri. 3-6. Tues.-Thurs. 2 for 1 appetizers.
3	Last night was the last game of the season, Auburn vs Florida State. Swung by and managed to catch the last quarter here- thank goodness we did, it was epic!That being said, this place was surprisingly empty. About 13 screens, all tuned to the game. Just a few couples, singles at the bar, and a table of security guards. Only seemed to be one server- an older lady with a bit of a gruff demeanor. Her customer service needs improvement. After giving us menus, she stopped by and asked if we were ready. When I asked for just another minute, she said, "Good, I have cleaning to do." Um, awkward.BF and I split a six piece of chicken strips- plain with bleu cheese and ranch. BF also got a Coors Light on draft for $3 during a game day special. Strips were tasty! Big and meaty, and the ranch had a good garlic flavor to it, too. Bleu cheese was not particularly good or bad though, could have just stuck with the ranch.Got a smile and some friendliness out of our waitress before we left- maybe she was just overwhelmed. Might go back, might not- but if you do, the chicken strips are definitely worth getting.PS, BOGO apps on Tuesdays! Might have to go back after all...
4	My brother and I were supposed to go to a movie but ended up stopping by here for lunch. Never made it to the movie but they had good pizza and my brother swears by their ranch.
3	Decent but smelly sports bar / restaurant away from the teeming hoards.  We came for lunch on Saturday March 22.  A lot of flat screens and projection TVs.  Will be called Bentleys next week when the Nikki's sign on the street gets changed.
3	It's called Bentley's now, even though the Nikki Lee's sign is still up on Sunset. Great NY style pizza, excellent servers. Draft beer lines never cleaned, sometimes tastes dirty, so bottles best bet.
2	Have been frequenting Nikki Lee's for many years. Always go for their pizza and strombolies. The food has always been wonderful. Recently, new ownership has taken over and the qualtify of food has really suffered. The pizzas come out with reduced toppings, over cooked and just not good. The service is usually very good, but, recently it has suffered too. Really sad we are going to have to find a different place.
4	The food is really good, had the Nachos and a Patty Melt and I would recommend the food to everyone!  The service during the day is below average, in the evening the staff seem more approachable and faster.The menus are gross and ether this place is called Bentley's or Nikki Lees. It needs to be updated!
3	This place has been here forever and some things never change. I have always received great service when I have come here. The food has always been slightly above average and reasonably priced. They have always made substitutions and accommodations to any order. It's a true sports bar though with a TV in view of every seat in the place. They also had great specials and deals.
3	My friends enjoy coming to this place to celebrate a victory for their football and basketball teams. The inside has plenty of seating, a bar area and plenty of big screen TVs on various sports channels. The only thing we ever come here for is the pizza and wings special which is pretty good. An 18 inch cheese pizza with 20 wings. You can custom make your pizza and add toppings for $1.75 each or get a specialty pizza for an additional $5. There are a variety of sauce options for the wings and you can even combine flavors. Service here always seems to be pretty slow even if the place isn't busy but the servers are friendly. Their new menus are just on paper and are wrinkled, dirty and smudged. Hopefully this is only temporary since the place is now called Bentley's.
