5	First of all, which I'm very sad to say Lily's Cafe is closed for business.  I'm writing this because I happened to see a review for them.  This restaurant was the best Mexican Restaurant I have ever eaten at.  I would take people here knowing that they would love it.  The salsa and chips were amazing, never had anything like it.  They had chili rellenos to die for.  My two favorites were the beef enchilada and the green chili burrito enchilada style.  The rest of the food at Lily's was really just as good.  I really wish it was still open and we could all still be enjoying their wonderful food.  If for some reason they open back up please let me know.  I will take a 5 hour trip from California, stuff myself and drive back.  That's really how much i love this place.  R.I.P. Lily's Cafe, you are still always on my mind.
5	Never have I been so happy to write a review even though I cried through much of dinner. Ok, first off, it is no longer Lily's, its Farjardo's. (or Fajardo's- in my glee I didn't check the spelling). For those out of the loop, a brief history- Lily's was a Glendale landmark in an old house back in the barrio that had been around since 1949. If you didn't know where it was, chances are you wouldn't find it. Sorta like a secret clubhouse. Although it didn't look like much from the outside, it was the inside where the magic happened and I don't mean just w/the food. "Zip" Cipriano Hernandez was the proprietor and, as I always put it, it was like going to your favorite uncle's house for dinner. He always personally came to the table to check on you, remembered everyone and always had a joke. It was a family joint and we quickly came to know and love the rest of them and they watched my son grow up. Outside of the great ambiance, the food was always superb.  The classic mexican food us natives grew up on. I've even commented on another one of my reviews about the most amazing Sunday morning pork chops and how Zip better be waiting at the pearly gates w/one or it just won't be heaven  Thats important b/c Zip lost his battle w/cancer 2 years ago w/i weeks of me losing my mother too. Lily's never reopened and I felt like I had lost not one family but two.But tonight, I gained a new one! Zip's loyal chefs of decades (nearly  30 I think they said) have reopened in the same location with the same menu and the same tastes! Ok, a few things have changed- one, they take plastic now (Zip rolled old school, you see) and they spruced the place up- all good things. But the service was great, my same old blend of pepsi (I'm psycho about pepsi over coke AND it has to be a good blend of pepsi too), the same salsa, the best tamales, enchiladas and the beans...oh, the beans...like chicken soup for some people. I heard other customers come up and be as sentimental as I am about them reopening. Ok, maybe they didn't openly weep as I did but still. Really, if you loved Lily's, go give the new place a try. If you didn't know of Lily's, you missed out once. Don't miss out again by not trying Farjardos. I'll be there tomorrow morning, crying in my pork chop special and loving every moment of it.Update- Check out the article on azcentral http://www.azcentral.com/ent/dining/articles/2008/11/26/20081126lilyscafe.html
5	I searched Yelp for a place to have lunch in the Historic Glendale area today and decided on Farjardo's Cafe after reading through some reviews. We ordered a couple of the daily specials and I had the green chile soup also. Everything was very good and the service was fast and friendly.  Someone on another site mentioned they need to install a fryer and make fresh chips and I agree but the chips we were served were fresh and warm. Add the fresh home made salsa was really excellent so we were not disappointed. All the food was excellent and I was really impressed. The green sauce was supurb and the flavor of the rice and beans was really beyond what I normally expect. This place gets da two thumbs up from me!
