4	This place is located INSIDE the Chevron. yep. INSIDE. However, being from Chicago (and a huge hotdog fan) I was intrigued to try it once I saw the outside tables had Vienna beef signs and there was a huge picture of a Vienna Beef Chicago Hotdog on their counter. So we decided to give it a try. My wife and I both had the #10 Breakfast burger and it was AWESOME! (and from INSIDE a chevron....I know... I know.... Hard to believe) Everything was made to order. The Sammy's came out hot and fresh. They consisted of a lightly seasoned hamburger patty and 2 eggs on Texas toast. We opted to splurge and add cheese ( for .50 extra).... Well worth it! Both breakfast Sammie's came with a ton of steak fries on the side which were hot and cooked perfectly. I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND the breakfast sandwiches (which are served all day) and we will DEFINITLY be back for burgers.... The owner also stated that they were cooking ribs later today ( yum)....  If you love some good, cheap food.... Grab it to go or be brave and take a few minutes to eat at the tables outside (like we did)... You won't be disappointed! Only reason for a 4 star and not 5 is that they ONLY TAKE CASH..... I understand cheap prices are great... But many people might miss out because they don't carry cash anymore..  We both ate for about $12 YOU CAN'T BEAT IT :)
4	I have been here two different times and both times the burgers were very tasty and juicy.Like first review said this is located inside Chevron so the seating is limited to like 4 tables inside and I think they have a few outside. $6.50 is the magic number here where just about every burger is $6.50 with bacon added it an extra .50. So do the math Triple cheese bacon burger with fries is $7.00 add a fountain drink from Chevron is its about $8.32 same as just anywhere else you go if not cheaper. Hot Wings are .69 a piece and I will be giving those a try very soon. They have a call in # so your items are ready when you get there. Try this location if you are near.
1	We ate one time at Dave's and never again. It was VERY greasy. By the time I got it home which wasn't a far drive, the paper bag it all came in was even soaked in grease. The French fries are even worse. Undercooked and limp. GROSS. Plus I thought they were over priced for fast food. $13.00 for 2 burgers and fries, no drinks.
1	When this restaurant first opened up inside our chevron they were great! their breakfast burritos were so good but my husband recently bought one of their chorizo, ham, and egg breakfast burritos and it wasn't cooked all of the way. He told me the owner told him to microwave it because it might be cold.. I was disgusted! Well I couldn't tell you why my husband still attempted to eat it but he did and got very sick! Yes, he should have asked for a refund and not eaten it as soon as the OWNER of the business told him to microwave his $7.00 burrito but that is just UNACCEPTABLE! Don't risk getting sick and wasting your time and money. Go somewhere else for your meal!
5	My husband and I have recently moved to San Tan Valley and, as is known, we are food enthusiasts that rarely agree with the reviews here.  We were looking for burgers and decided to go for Dave's, which is less than 10 minutes from our new home. And yes, it is in a Chevron gas station!    Wow.  I really don't understand most of the reviews here.  When we arrived (our second trip since they are not open on Sunday) it is true that there was no one at the counter, but it took about 3 minutes for one of the employees to ask us if we were needing to place an order.  We asked for a minute to look at the menu board.  She gave us a very friendly smile and let us look. (it was very clear they had been on their break, this is a small operation)  Just a minute or two later the other employee and cook, Michael, came to the counter.  His smile and bright eyes literally lit up the place.  We ordered two #2 burgers with everything (that includes a double decker burger with cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle and, special sauce for $6.95), plus bacon and onion rings ($1.00 each, if you want).  He asked if we had our coupon.  We said it was our first time here (we gathered what to order from previous posts) and he declared that we MUST have a coupon, and then proceeded to comp us all our upgrades (bacon, jalepenos, and onion rings) in addition to then handing us a coupon for 25% off any orders over $10.00 on further meals.  Michael was very jovial and pleasant, and made us feel like we were old, treasured customers.The burgers arrived after about 10-15 minutes.  You could tell everything is cooked to order, including the fries and onion rings.  The burgers were double decker, lightly seasoned and very fresh meat, with the cheese melted and the bacon applied to both layers of the burger.  All the ingredients were fresh...crisp tomato and lettuce, dill pickles that were crisp and tart, not the sad, limp sweet pickles most places put on their burgers.  They were truly flavorful and delicious.  Normally we would take pictures first, but these burgers looked and tasted so good, that upon the first bite, both my husband and I macked them down within about 5 minutes.  That is how good they were!  And this is from someone that usually cannot even finish half of a single burger without saving it for later!  And the onion rings were superb!  Beer battered, golden brown, crisp deliciousness!  When you take a bite, the onion does NOT slide out of the ring, as most do.  They are tender, but crisp and very flavorful.  We were happy enough with the experience to talk about going back for dinner that night and breakfast the next day to try the breakfast burritos that they have all day!  We did go back 2 days later to try some of their sandwiches, that I will post about soon, but needless to say, we have NOT had a bad experience here at all and recommend the food (at a gas station, no less!)  for it's freshness, quality, price and staff.
5	By far the best burger in San Tan Valley.. And it comes out of a gas station. Never a bad experience.. Well worth the 6.50.
5	At the recommendation of a friend, I took my 12 year old and myself here for dinner one evening.  Yes, it is inside of a gas station, however they are moving to a sit down location June 4, 2014 at Sossaman and Queen Creek Road.  OMG the BEST burger hands down I have ever had (and burgers are one of my favs so I've had a lot!).  A HUGE double meat and cheese burger with FRESH everything, cooked the way I asked for it (medium rare), and a decent amount of fresh made fries for $6, can't beat that.  My son could only finish 1/2 of his burger it was so huge.  One of the juiciest burgers as well.  Yes, they are messy, they are fattening, it is not diet food, but you won't be disappointed.  Will definitely be back...and back....and back...and back hehe.
4	We went to the one on Sossaman and queen creek.  A little under staffed but the food was good. We had cheese burgers, shoe string fries and onion rings. Onion rings were nothing special but everything else tasted great.
5	This is another gem in an area that doesn't have very much to offer.  Its sinfully delicious stuff.  I've read reviews that accused the burgers of being greasy.  That wasn't my, nor my wifes experience. The burgers are juicy like they should be. The staff is awesome.  The food is a great value.  The owner visited our table and we chatted it up for a bit and he cares about his food.
5	Dave's has moved from the gas station in San Tan, to Sossaman and Queen Creek.  As this was a Sunday indulgence to us, we truly miss having them close and haven't yet been to the new location, the replacement burger joint is not even comparable to Dave's quality (see review of Good Burger....avoid!). We are glad Dave's has found a new location and will be seeking them out soon!  We miss you!
5	Great juicy burgers served steaming hot. The staff is very friendly too! My favorite is the mushroom swiss burger. Its loaded with mushrooms- they certainly dont cheap out and the price is great considering its a huge burger with fries, too. The shoestring fries are awesome. Love this place! Its my new favorite!
3	Went back a second time and we waited over an hour for our burgers. No one in the restaurant had food and takeout orders kept coming out of the kitchen. When our food finally did come I had to ask multiple times for napkins and then she was really rude when she brought them. The cheeseburgers were really good when we finally got them but with 4 kids we won't be going back. This was a couple months ago so I hope they have improved.
