4	Except for the old-school LED ticker above it, La Traite looks an unassuming Belle Province knock-off. To be fair, they do specialize in the same greasy spoon staples like fries, burgers and hot-dogs, and the open-kitchen layout has more than a passing resemblance to the diner chain's. The food is about as solid as you'd expect from a great diner, but the real kicker here is the breakfast. Their big breakfast plate is to be reckoned with, and their French toast is really good. An excellent diner experience.
5	Huge portion of fries, good simple burger, good ambience, very fair price, ONE HAPPY CUSTOMER!
3	I went to La Traite for a late breakfast after a long Saturday night prior. We were literally the only people in the place. It was nice and clean and everything seemed really well kept. A nice little classic diner feel to it.I ordered a classic bacon and eggs breakfast. Took a bit longer than I had expected for the food, maybe about 15 minutes. Most likely because everything was being made fresh since we were the only table of customers. Breakfast came with some nice extras. A side of beans and a slice of orange and honeydew melon. My major complaint about the food was that I asked for my bacon extra crispy and it was anything but. Very floppy. So much so that I didn't eat much which was too bad because they give you quite a bit. Four strips! The eggs were prepared perfectly though (over easy).Overall, great value and lots of food. A bit slow on service and an unfortunate "bacon experience" make it a 3 star with potential to hit 4 (maybe even 5) star rating.
4	Breakfast - this nice diner makes a pretty fine brekkie.  I had the supreme omelette, and it was actually very good.  Service was great, and the diner itself is very clean, good atmosphere.  Was not busy at all during Sunday morning brunch.  While not the most *amazing* breakfast EVER - it was a pretty good spot, and I would gladly go back again.  Happy with the food, service, and atmosphere.
3	First of all I was VERY impresses with the way the staff was able to easily switch between French and English for the different needs of out group. No breaks or misunderstandings; just to the point business.The food came out fast, though they did set the fries on the tray well before the burgers were done; so they were not as hot and crisp as I would prefer. However, there were A TON of the fries. My carb low light was quickly extinguished!The smoked meat sandwich (viande fumee) was piled high with meat, pickle, mustard on rye bread. The smoked meat (beef) was very tender and was closer to a pastrami flavor than a strong beef flavor. Still very good though. The mustard really married the flavors of the sandwich.The hamburger was a basic grill flavor with a myriad of accruements as toppings as standard. Good flavor, but not fancy.I would return again.
1	This place is not gooI ordered a club sandwich and it was dry they give you fries for like 3 people and they are soggy, oily and seemed old they were refried to serve. Nothing special on the menu and when we were there the didn't have several items I cant believe it is well rated.
