5	I enrolled my son in Greenhouse Montessori when he was 2 and my daughter when she was about 18 months. Both have really flourished there. They both go four mornings a week and I am amazed at how much they learn and grow. Since attending the school, my kids have really developed a deep sense of confidence. I really don't know any other way to explain it. The staff is very devoted. The school has a really cool garden, a sunflower house in the summer, murals on some of the interior walls and lots of Montessori 'works' including watching butterflies and ants, venus flytraps, learning letters and numbers, squeezing lemons for lemonade, baking bread, drawing, painting, etc. I feel so fortunate that we live close by and are able to send our kids to such a great preschool. :-)
5	I am very thankful we found this Montessori school! Green House is more then just education for my child. It's a way of life and they treat you and your child like family.  Green House Montessori is terrific because they talk about encouraging each child to develop along their own potential and to learn life skills. I can't stress enough how happy I am with my choice to bring my daughter to Green House Montessori instead of traditional public school.
5	My son was enrolled at 14 mo and this is his second year in the toddler class.  We absolutely love Greenhouse!!  They embrace the Montessori "help me do it myself" philosophy.  Miss Julie is sweet and patient and we adore that she so clearly loves caring for our son.  The school is beautiful and it is a perfect stimulating environment.  It feels like a family. We cannot wait until our daughter is old enough to enroll.
5	I cannot say enough praises about Greenhouse Montessori. My daughter is 2 1/2 and has only been cared for by me and select family members. When it came time for me to find a program for my daughter, my expectations were high. I did not want a "daycare". I wanted a school that was going to nurture, educate and help my daughter come into her own person...not dictated to or placed into certain boxes, etc. Outdoor exploring was definitely high on my hopes list but I wasn't sure it could be a reality. I had already decided that Montessori education was the type of school I wanted my daughter to be in. When I found Greenhouse, I knew it was different. I was still nervous but immediately my daughter was comfortable with Mrs. Jennifer (and that doesn't come easy). She had an immediate bond with her and I knew I could trust her with my most precious treasure. I finally found the place I feel comfortable leaving her and that she is excited about going to. Amazing school, teachers, philosophy, values and love for the children!!
5	My grandson is in his second year in the Early Primary program at Greenhouse.  He has show incredible growth academically, emotionally and socially.  His teacher is a loving and knowledgeable  educator.  He loves school and loves to practice his new learning at home.  As a retired primary teacher I highly recommend this school.
