1	I needed to grab a quick bite before jumping on a connecting flight.  Fresh Attractions was right next to my gate and quicker than the Phillips Seafood (which is a million times better) on the other side.  Huge mistake.I ordered a ham and swiss panini thinking a hot sandwich would be nice.  What I got was some sloppy, barely toasted mess.  The lady making the sandwich didn't care, the register lady (who overcharged me until I corrected her) didn't care.  The entire place didn't give a shit since honestly they're never likely to see you again.For the random traveler passing through CLT a craptastic sandwich isn't too bad, but for road warriors like me a shitty food joint must be avoided at all costs.  Don't go to this half-assed place unless you are starving and even then I'd think long and hard about it.
3	This place was right next to my gate and my flight was about to board so I decided to grab a bite from here -also because it looked like the only place where I could get food that wouldn't give me a heart attack. At any rate, the service was really fast which I appreciated and the wrap I got (turkey) was not bad. You can either get a pre-made panini (they didn't look good) or get a freshly made one for which you get to choose the ingredients; needless to say, I got mine made at the spot. I ended up paying $8.11 for a decently-sized turkey wrap with lots of veggies all of which were fresh. If you're around C-gates at Charlotte I'd recommend this place. Ingredients are fresh, service is quick, average sandwich place at an airport.
1	Before you eat here, know that there's a Starbucks just up the way, and a Sbarro just across from it. Both are better options, kids. I was attracted to the idea of freshness, but that's not at all what I got. My turkey and pesto panini was salty, and although they had grilled it it was still cold. Very unappealing and gross. For an $8 sandwich, I expected a lot more. There are very few food options in this terminal, but believe me when I say you're better off eating at any other than Fresh Attractions.
2	It's as if they used an oatmeal base to form a selection of Deli item imposters to create one of the blandest sandwiches that I have ever eaten. Heed the warnings and go to Phillips or Sbarro.
2	Overpriced Water, nothing new at an airport. Caesar salad, not bad - mostly fresh lettuce. Soggy croutons. Airport to-go food.
5	Had a "veggie wrap" - whole wheat wrap with all the veggies and pesto.  This is a fantastic vegetarian / vegan option!  For $4.99 + tax I received a super tasty and very filling wrap!
5	Fast and friendly service! I got a tuna salad sandwich - it had capers in it, which was a nice touch. :) Also, the ingredients were fresh and yummy! Good for simple food while traveling!
