3	As frugal homeowners, we try not to spend all of our money for home improvement projects at the home improvement warehouses. We also like to reuse materials when we can. That is where the Restore comes in. It is both a thrift store for items donated to Habitat for Humanity by individuals, as well as a place where Habitat for Humanity can sell items used on builds that are leftover or items that have been donated in large quantities. Unlike other hardware stores, you do not always know what they will have in stock. You also need to make sure you know your exact measurements as they do not do returns. The store is pretty large, and they have items from gently used furniture, to brand new toilets and sinks. They also have gardening supplies and will occasionally have used tools. Today was a 50% off sale, and we were able to get some items that were new at costs less than 1/4 what we would pay elsewhere ( $.25 paintbrushes anyone?)The Restore is a great place to find home improvement supplies while supporting a good cause. There is also a location on the east side of LV off of Flamingo & Pecos.
3	Habitat for Humanity is an interesting store especially if you're a DIYer doing a project on a budget. The items that H4H has in stock aren't consistent but that's because the store gets its products either used or from overstock items from outside distributors. Items in the store are marked down significantly from the big box hardware stores prices so there are some great values if they have what you need. Items in the store may include anything from fasteners and nails, lumber, cabinets and even lighting products.   Money raised from the products sold at H4H ReStore go to help the less fortunate achieve homeownership through the Habitat for Humanity program.
5	I purchased a kitchenaid dishwasher from here for $75. They helped me load it in my niece's SUV and I installed it myself (thanks YouTube) and it has been working perfectly for over 3 years.It was used in a model home, so it was like getting a new dishwasher. I highly recommend visiting here before you stop at Lowe's or Home Depot. It supports a fantastic cause and keeps things out of the landfill. They also have lots of new home decor and a section of used books the kids can peruse while you are measuring sinks :)
5	Came here to donate some furniture. The employees were extremely friendly and helpful.
