4	Super cute cafe nestled in the backstreets of the Plateau. The decor is charming, with a cozy sofa for lounging and two big tables for sharing, paper lanterns and little sparrow-themed decorations throughout. There's not much seating, but the space is bright and welcoming, and the bathroom is a chalkboard of cheery phrases. On the back counter are magazines for reading, and kids' toys to entertain the little'uns.Food is good, coffee is good, space is delightful.
4	Charming little cafe that has good coffee, pastries, nice panini and it appears yummy gaufrettes. Besides that they will squeeze some fresh juice for you or you can try some artizanal ice cream if in mood. This adorable coffee shop is so well hidden from the hustle and bustle of the main streets of Plateau. Relaxed and refreshing, people sitting in the small patio and chatting over the wooden tables about big and small things of life: tango, food and who knows what else..... Sweet!
5	A review is, by its nature, a very personalized and biased thing.  I was torn about how many stars to give this place because I know what I value in a coffee shop isn't what most people value in a coffee shop, so that may skew the validity of my review to some people.  That being said, Le Moineau Masque is, hands down, my favorite coffee shop in any city.  I found it through the International Coffee Passport (if you live in mtl and don't know what it is, definitely look it up asap) and find myself continuing to come back here even though I could get a free coffee elsewhere.  Why?  Well, I know the coffee isn't  necessarily the BEST, but it's plenty delicious enough for me.  What sets this place apart from the rest is the service.  I've never, ever been to a coffee shop where I got such quirky and friendly service.  In fact, it's hard for me to recall a coffee shop where I didn't feel like I was burdening the baristas; it's become an accepted part of coffee-shop-culture, and I love that Le Moineau Masque doesn't stoop to that level.  To top it off, the space is pretty sweet, with a super nice outdoor terrasse, far enough removed from the bustle of Mont-Royal to give you a feeling of seclusion but close enough for easy access.  I'd much, much rather have a warm interaction and a not-wobbly chair than a *perfect* cup of coffee.
5	What a wonderful little find in a quiet part of town.  My friend and I were looking for free wifi and a place for a snack and were lucky enough to be nearby this place when we revved up the Yelp machine.  Friendly staff, delicious panini, ice cream and tea (sorry, we didn't have any coffee).  Beautiful relaxing decor and nice outdoor patio.
