5	This place is owned by Karen & Scott, a sweet mid-aged Vietnamese couple. It's not entirely fancy, but clean and a warm atmosphere. Everytime I come in, they always greet me excitedly and anytime I call, they always fit me in. If you are a frequent client, they'll ALWAYS find a way to fit you in, even if it's staying late.Karen is absolutely awesome with pedicures. She takes the time to actually take out knots on the bottom of your feet, she never rushes & always does an excellent job.She also does my manicures and is awesome at that as well.I go to Scott whenever I get my nails done with the new OPI product they have. It's a thick gel polish with a shiny topcoat finish that isn't acrylic and it peels right off 2 1/2-3 weeks later. Not all nail salons carry it, so if you hate acrylic nails, this is the perfect place to go to. Getting back to how great Scott is.. he takes his absolute precious time to make your nails look spectacular. I never have an issue with my nails.Happy ever after!
5	Really clean tools and environment. Highly recommend this place:) the male technician did a great job. Piano music made my pedi and mani very relaxing.
5	This place is THE place to come if you want to have a Manicure and Pedicure done the way it should be...Professional, Clean and HAPPY.  Scott & Kim make you feel like royalty.  I have never seen my wife smile so much while getting her pedicure.  Her nails were done "the way she asked" and were done with extreme care and smiles.  This salon is all about YOU and the way they make you feel is AWESOME.  The happiness is quite apparent by all the smiles from owners to customers.
5	This salon is comfortable,clean, & relaxing.  I've been getting pedicures here for over one year now.  Karen & Scott are the owners and I've only had Karen do my pedicures,previously a guy named Don but he moved .  There is a previous post from someone else (Gabrielle) and I wholeheartedly agree with everything she said.  I also love it when they have the asian music playing....it's very relaxing.
5	I was visiting Las Vegas and decided that I was in desperate need of a pedicure. I took to Yelp and discovered this little gem of a salon. My mom and I walked in and were taken immediately.  There was nice piano music playing in the background and the salon was SO clean! Our technicians took their time and we did not feel rushed in the least. The massage was good and we were very relaxed and satisfied when we left. We will definitely be back!
3	It was alright! Ended up with a person who was new and not very experienced. Did a OK job. Still nice place.
5	I would like to comment on my latest favorite beauty regime.  A few months ago, Karen @ Foxy Nails suggested I try the gel manicure.  It lasts for 3 to 4 wks and I LOVE it!  I've been getting the French gel mani.  I could never have a traditional mani look this good for 3 or 4 wks AND it's your own nails.  I've gotten so many compliments.  The only problem....now I'm hooked on getting manicures!
5	OMG! They are amazing. Our bachelorette party couldn't get better service. We were 4 total. They agreed to take all of us even when it was already late during the day and finished working on all of us pass 8:00pm. They were so professional and we never felt pressured to leave. They really made sure that all of us were absolutely pleased. They even touched up one of my nail after I made the mistake to touch something while not completely dry. Anyway, I would recommend them to anyone!
5	excellent mani/pedi in a little strip mall in Las Vegas.  Completely worth the taxi ride to and from if you're looking to get off the strip.
5	This place is amazing. Visiting from los angeles and I and reviews and figured I'd try it. It was great. People were very nice.
5	Too bad this place is too far from my house...I was working in the area and this place had the best reviews. I called ahead for an appt, which was a great idea. Always call ahead, they are super busy...especially on the weekend. The guy I spoke to on the phone remembered my name when I walked in. He asked me what I wanted and I'm pretty picky about my nails. Everything I told him, he said "Anything you want, I'll do for you!" And he sure did stick to his word! He did them exactly how I wanted them. Super thin acrylic, oval shaped and he even spent the extra time to make sure I didn't have any bubbles from the gel. I paid $70 (with tip) for acrylic and gel overlay. For me, it's always worth it when your nail tech listens to you and
5	Just stopped by with our girls and they got them right in!! Great service and the Dallas teenage girls were happy with end product!!
4	This was our first time here tonight. I haven't had a pedi in 6 months.... And it's been years for my husband... Yes years.When you first walk in... There's an odd smell I couldn't put my finger on. Turns out it is paint. They are doing some sort of construction here.I am glad I made an appointment. There have been at least 6 walk ins in the hour that wr have been here.Their polish is pretty disorganized, and hard to navigate through. There are four shelves with it just everywhere. I was successful in finding something sparkly.They use a lot of OPI product here. Their deluxe pedi that we are getting is 55minutes for $40. It includes a scrub and a white tea mask.The massage wad decent, and not rushed. Staff was friendly when we asked about the thai place next door (stick e rice) .Feet feel smooth. Husband is relaxed. What more can you ask for.... Besides dinner
5	Best place in Vegas for. Pedicure and Manicure...friendly, clean, enjoyed the foot and hand massage.. They have lots of colors to pick from... We will be back again for sure.
5	Katie does my nails. She is GREAT. The salon is clean and everyone is very friendly. I posted a picture of my nails, take a look and give her a try. You won't be disappointed.
5	Took my lady here for some pampering on our recent trip to Vegas. I got a pedicure while I was at it. My lady was so happy after wards. We received excellent treatment especially from a nice lady named Katie. This place is excellent.
4	Hello fellow "Yelpers!" If you happen to be in Las Vegas and in need of a mani/pedi... Check out Foxy Nails! Got the "classic combo" - they did a great job... Make sure to call and make a reservation. Weekdays are nice- I practically had the place to myself!
5	Love these guys!!! There right around the corner from my house... They are fairly quick,decently priced and they always work with me on my crazy designs...my nails never chip or lift and they have a good selection of colors I only wish they would get more 3d charms... But most of all the staff are very friendly!!!
5	Again my nails look great. Katie is the girl to see!Check out the last pic. That's my nails! Thanks Katie
5	This place is awesome. They do fantastic work and the prices are very reasonable. I got a full set of acrylics, plus gel, and a pedicure for $68. Katie did my fingers and Julianne did my pedicure. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Las Vegas.
5	Went in for a pedicure it excellent. They were nice and welcoming. The shop itself was nice and cleanI made an appointment and they were running the water as I was walking in. Perfect  experience.
2	Let me preface this review by saying that I would have given this place four stars if it weren't for my experience...So, I was in town for a wedding and prior to making my way to Vegas I did some yelping and found this place. I am simple. I just want a french tip pedi and a buffed mani. This place had a good combo for the right price and I made an appointment for myself and a friend prior to heading to Vegas. We arrive, the place is clean and we're greeted by the employees. We're immediately seated and the water is just right and the spa chairs come with a massage feature. So far so good. Karen did my nails. She provided a pretty good pedi...but the massage was weak. I knew that french tip would cost me an extra $5, no problem. When it came time to do my mani, I was debating between clear polish or a buff. Doing the polish would have been way out of character, but I was considering it. She said that I should buff my nails. I agreed. So, I go to pay and it's $5 more than I expect. Excuse me? No where on their pricing list does it say that BUFFING is an extra $5 and she didn't tell me that buffing would cost more when she swayed me in that direction. Her reasoning? The tiny 1.5"x1" buffer costs them....five dollars? I don't think so. I've NEVER been charged extra for buffing. Ever. She then had some BS about how the pricing was never updated...Well then, you should have TOLD me. Either I would have felt good about agreeing to the buff, or I would have said no thank you and gone with the polish. I told her that I would pay, but also mentioned that she should have told me about the cost and that's when she decides to give me a discount. At this point, I am figuring it is pennies...but she took off the $5. I felt duped. I don't go to Vegas often and if I go back again and need my nails done, I am not going to this place.
5	Wow!! This 3D nail art is BEAUTIFUL !!! They really take the time to plan the layout. I got gel Mani+pedi both with 3D nail art along with a face wax. I am extremely satisfied and will be back for sure! I recommend Foxy Nails. Woot woot! Ivy and Karen were gentle and super nice! Come here! Y^_^Y
5	It's holiday time and I needed a last minute mani/pedi...I walked in to set an appointment (I read a review that suggested an appointment-Good Idea!) They were busy and I decided to come back in the afternoon-when I returned for my scheduled time they were ready for me to pick colors.I got 3D gel art and a sparkle polish pedi.  I AM TOTALLY HAPPY!  They are close to home.  Reasonably priced.  And the techs are crazy creative!  I can't wait to see the fabulous nail designs we can come up with for this spring/summer!  LOL  (Can't wait to go back!!)
5	Came off strip and glad I did. Great job at a great price. The tools come out in sterile packs and that makes me feel good that I am not going to catch something. Would visit again.
2	I made an appointment for a mani/pedi. Got there on time and waited 15min for my gel mani which turned out really good. The shop was almost closing and the MALE which was doing my mani/pedi looked like he was in a rush he didn't want to do my pedi but, I told them they had to because I made an appointment. So, he did the job and it was the worst pedi I've ever had! He didn't take his time and was in a rush. That will be my last time going there. I still tipped him 10$ so he can see that he lost a good potential client
4	Ivy did the best pedicure I've ever had. A tad pricey but well worth it. Cost me $100 for gel nail, deluxe pedi, and gel on my toes. Such nice people in there as well. I will totally come back and definitely recommend them. Also I do recommend that you make an appointment.
4	Does anyone know where Katie went ? She was fabulous and is no longer at this nail salon ! :(
5	I read a lot of the reviews on Yelp and thought that I'd check them out.  I did a walk in last Saturday around 2:00 thinking maybe I'd luck out and be taken.  I was told that they were booked but they'd see me at 5:00 pm.  I went back and it was totally worth it.  The girl I had was very good.  What I liked the best is they open a new package of clippers for each customer which is nice to know that it was not used on someone else.  They only have 3 people working there a guy and two woman so it's understanding that they'd book up especially on a Saturday.  I was happy and plan to use them as my place to go from now on.
1	I am one of the nicest, most comprehensive person I know, being that I work in the costumer service industry, but I would give it zero stars if I could. The guy was rushing, and he gave me a crappy excuse for rushing. The nails were uneven, not well glued and fell off within two weeks.Never in my life will I go there.
5	I am very irritated at the man that did my nails. I forgot his name. I got a gel manicure and a basic pedicure. After he painted on the gel he took his sand paper roller and went right over my gel with it. I pulled my hand back asking why he was doing that he told me don't worry and continued to scrape up my manicure. Then decided to shape my nails AFTERWARDS????!!!!!! Who does that??????? Now my nails look crunchy. The sides of my nails are rubbed off and it looks tacky!! Im not happy with the finish. But im sick with an illness and tired so im going home. All a girl wants is a nice manicure. IS THAT TOO MUCH TO FLIPPIN ASK???! SMH. This is hands down my favorite spot. So of course I will be returning. But you better bet I will be stepping up to be the boss lady and tell him to shape my nails BEFORE the gel and I will not allow him to sand over my gel. Never again.
5	Service is great and friendly.  Super clean, small, not crowded, relaxing!!!!!! Seriously a great place considering it's nondescript location.  Herbal pedicure is $50 and was more than what I expected out of a Spa Pedicure.  Exfoliating, soaking, massaging, and good old fashioned pedicure skills done on toes.  Callous removal was $5 extra.  Also, I got my nails done in those cute fancy bows and crystals too which also increased the price of a regular fill.  Total out the door was $85, which I'm so impressed with.  I'd visit this place and recommend it to anyone in a heart beat.
4	Foxy Nails takes good care of their customers. Quick and professional. Always on time. Scott does a wonderful job! Love my nails!!
5	Ok we had a hard time finding a decent priced place to get a pedicure while visiting Vegas. We took to yelp and found this gem. We needed 2 appointments at the same time on a Saturday and he was able to get us in later that evening. I was nervous because I've had so many bad experiences but they where AMAZING. Fantastic customer service, thorough job, and didn't rush through it. I can't tell u how fantastic it was to just sit and be pampered by them. My girl (I wish I got her name) was so carefully she didn't hurt me once and suggested the callas treatment...best experience ever!!! Me feet feel like heaven. Thank you so much foxy nails. *the only thing I would suggest is to get shelves for the  polish. U have to dig through pile of them it's kind of inconvenient. ikea has a bunch that would match the decor that are picture frame shelves. But they do have a great selection.
5	I've been in Vegas my entire life and this is by far the best nail salon I've been to. The staff genuinely cares about giving you a great experience. I'm in the service industry so customer service is very important to me. They are always pleasant and consistent.
4	Scott did awesome pedicure, Ive did great manicure and gel.. I'm coming back next time I'm on town!
4	Great service! Took their time! Had no problem suggesting something that actually benefitted me! Turned down service instead of making you wait! Very kind! No waters offered was a downer but everything else was on key!
1	Well, I am not sure where to start! I called this establishment considering I am recently new to town and the reviews seemed to be very promising. When I called, a gentlemen answered and I asked him if I could come in that day. I was surprised he said to come on in. I arrived at Foxy Nails and it was in a fairly good location from my residence. I walked in and did notice that it is very clean and spacious. I was greeted fairly rude and was told to pick a color. I went to the rear of the store and found a bunch of nail polishes just all over the table with any organization. I go to a nail salon to be pampered and avoid complexity. I finally found my color after a few minutes and was told to sit in the first pedicure station chair.  I noticed they were very short staffed so I sat there politely and waited. After 15 minutes of my feet soaking in the water, I pulled them out and started to wonder what was going on considering my toes were starting to prune. Finally, a women paced back and fourth a few times and then grabbed a chair and started the process of the pedicure. I did like the manicurist because she did take her time cleaning and scrubbing my feet. The polish job was done very nicely as well until another customer walked in and apparently this customer has been there frequently because my manicurist started rushing and left me with wet nail polish and NO DRYING STATION. I sat there for a few minutes thinking she would come back to me and remove the separators and place my sandals on my feet. No, that did not happen! She did not even acknowledge me after she finished one coat of polish and started to perform the gel manicure on the recurring customer that walked in. I looked at the gentleman with disappointment and he walked over to me and I said can another coat and top coat be placed on my toe nails, please? The woman finally got up after I told the gentleman and put the coats on so fast and walked away with an attitude, like I disrupted her??? After finding out that the nail salon does not even have a drying station for your feet, I left the separators between my toes and put my sandals on and stood up. I seriously could have walked out and not paid that is how much the woman did not care for my business. I said how much do I owe you and she said 25, which was a reasonable price considering I have paid much more and received five star service. Very poor follow through, unprofessional and simple disgusted how you could treat a new customer that way. I will not be returning to this establishment and I will be shocked if they stay in business with the ill mattered individuals that work there.
5	Unfortunately Katie is no longer here I sure do miss her it's not the same.if anyone knows where she went I would appreciate the info.
1	So, I came in today to get my melons done...watemelon's. I get them every summer. I will say my pedicure itself was fantastic and the girl was very thorough.  Unfortunately, her nail painting skills were not. I give her credit for trying and she was very sweet, but 3 hours to get my toes done and I'm going to have to go somewhere else to get them re-painted properly. This place used to be fantastic.  Not anymore :( Bye bye Foxy Nails.
4	Small place. Isn't hard to find if you have the Waze app. Karen did a great job with my gel nail polish. Very polite. LeAnn did my pedicure and was also very friendly and did a great job. Was able to make an appointment same day and even was able to get in earlier. Not a fancy salon but the staff and customer service makes it up ten fold. Prices very reasonable.  Don't pass up this little gem.
5	Best Pedicure I have EVER had! Only 25 for basic and 35 for a full paraffin pedicure. Seriously the best I have ever experienced. Absolutely loved it and the ladies that worked there were so nice.
1	The first time I went here they did a nice job. I went today however and had the worst mani of my life. Alexia while nice and pleasant clearly was nervous and didn't know what she was doing. She didn't use cuticle cream, shaped my nails very jagged. When she went to slap on the paint WHILE SHAKING she painted the sides and tops of the skin by my nails and laid it on so thick it didn't dry right. She even admitted they looked awful but at the same time didn't offer to redo Or get anyone else. The manager came by to "check" in my head I'm thinking thank god he's going to fix them...but no. He just fixed my painted skin and sent me on my way. Now I have to go to another place to redo.
1	If I could give them a zero, I would. I walked in and asked for a new set that curved in more towards my finger tips and she told me that she didnt have those kinds of tips... every other plave I've gone to just forms the acrylic like that... lazy lady was more interested in her phone. Such crap!!!!
5	Obsessed with this place.  The girl with the long dark hair that sits right as you walk in, (wish I would've got her name), was amaaaazing!  I got gel over acrylics at first and she said we would work it until it was just my nail with gel.  She did just that.  Now I have long, real nails with gel.  Everyone was very polite and the place was super clean.  I've told all the girls at work and they have started going there too.... and they love it!
5	I love this place but I only like Karen, the owner, to do my nails. Call me a princess, but she takes her time with me and she always does a wonderful job on my gel polish. As for a pedicure, everyone there can bust that shit out. Trust me when I say Karen is where it's at for the gel mani, though. I mean it.
5	I saw reviews on yelp , like I always do and I decided to give it a try. My sister and our daughters decided to come at the same time and everything turned out great . I'm so happy. I wasn't able to give anyone five stars until today . This makes me happy
1	I have been coming to Foxy Nails for a few months and brought my daughter in to get her eyebrows waxed and get a manicure. She is performing in a concert tonight and I wanted her to be treated. The manicure was not great. different lengths of nails, still left filed nail powder under clear gel. She was complaining that her eyebrows were starting to hurt after wax, I told her its ok...looks like a little wax left over...I will use some oil to take it off at home. We get home (live 5 min away) to see that her eyebrows are getting redder. Her SKIN WAS RIPPED OFF. She has had her eyebrows waxed many times and this has NEVER happened. I think the lady really did not know what she was doing. The left eyebrow was slightly shorter than the other. I go from trying to calm my daughter down who is in tears to going back to complain. They will not give the money back. The lady looked to have no remorse or care about what she had done to my teen daughter. I at least got the tip back but I will never support this business again. HORRIBLE SERVICE, not to mention the room they wax in was filthy.
