3	Yeah, it's OK. The strippers are definitely straight, and that kinda kills the buzz for me. But they do get fully nude, and "excited", so, yeah. I have fun here up until I start getting propositioned for private dances by any and all strippers in the place. Repeatedly. Non-stop. Aggressively. Without my even making eye contact. Other than that, it is fun for an hour or two. It is probably the best a strip club can be, so maybe I just don't love strip clubs. I guess that is not their fault. Definitely check it out.
5	Young big muscle studs. Stayed for a few hours on a Saturday night and none disappoint. Not a sleazy crowd and classy set up. Bonus: hot shower scene. :)
5	Yea, they're all "PROBABLY" straight. But you know what? Great eye candy, and compared to most at CAMPUS, these guys ALL got, shall I say, EXCITED ! This was my 1st trip into a strip club - never went to one in the US. So I was a virgin and expected a much seedier environment. Place actually is quite nice and you can get as close to the strippers as you want (e.g., up against the stage). Yes, the guys are all aggressive in wanting to offer a lap dance @ $20 for 1 song ... I never actually went that far but was very very tempted. Drinks are average in price - I think we were paying like $7 for a cocktail, plus a tip of course. This was a fun experience and is a must visit if you make it to the Gay Village and can check your prudeness at the door. lol ..
1	The entire vibe of this place just felt "off." The dancers seemed unhappy to even be there. The private dances seemed more like an opportunity to milk as much money as possible from the clientele. Oh, and there's a cover every night for some unknown reason.
5	One of the very best exotic male dancer bars!  There is eye candy every where you look.  Definitely plan to receive a private dance.  It will cost you $20 a song and is definitely worth it.  If you're on a budget, tell the dancer how many songs you can afford.  You will be asked by many dancers if you want a private.  I recommend you be picky and wait for a dancer that you are interested in.  I will go back.  It was just too much fun.
