4	The Meadow Bar is the official 'unofficial' bar of Sciennes, the first year student accomodation I lived in, which is just up the road from here. With that in mind, it is easy to see why this place always has people in it, and why the atmosphere is always such a welcoming and relaxed one. The great thing about the Meadows Bar is that you are just as likely to find a student sitting reading course books over a coffee as a bunch of students drinking pints and kicking back.The Meadows Bar itself is a charming squishy seated / wooden tables modern affair, with a huge bar in the corner and a dining room upstairs which is vailable for functions. The menu is short but sweet - basically burgers, paninis, sandwiches and soup as well as side ordery things. There is a large range of drinks at the bar, but some of these can be quite expensive - but to make up for this there always seems to be a new weekly deal on to balance costs out.The Meadows Bar is a great place for all your social needs - some where to start off (and maybe even end) your night, or somewhere to sit for a bite to eat and a chill.
4	The Meadow Bar is conveniently (or inconveniently) located just a wee bit too close to Edinburgh University's George Square campus. Conveniently because if you're done with your day and you fancy getting a reasonably priced pint, then voila! You're sorted. Inconveniently because if you're a bit of a slacker like me and you're having a tough day, you think, "you know what, I'm gonna go get a pint right before my Epistemology seminar and I'm so close to campus, I'll have plenty of time to get back for it." Wrong. You just won't leave. The Meadow Bar is my place for post-exam, post-hand-ins drinking. You see, they'll run a tab for you, which can also either be convenient or just plain dangerous. And they have veggie burgers! With awesome toppings like salsa and blue cheese! Or mozzarella and pesto. What I like about it the most, though, is that it has this room upstairs where events take place. I mean, one evening I was going upstairs to use the loo and I stumbled upon a Chess-Themed Poetry Night. If there were italics, I'd be using them right now. The Philosophy Society also made the Meadow Bar their haunt. And there were always loads of people playing either Dungeons & Dragons or some other fantastical board game (that I've never understood) in that upstairs room too. So yeah, pretty standard pub. They have a couple of computers with internet, pretty decent pub food (actually, the veggie burgers are kinda delicious), screens to watch whichever sport your heart desires on (or the Tories getting bashed by Labour) and a room full of surprises. Oh! And a student discount to boot. C'mon, you know you wanna...
4	As a student staying in Newington it was only going to be a matter of time before I finally had my first pint at the Meadow Bar.  It is too close to those students in George Square campus not to try. The Meadow bar is quite small inside, with tables and chairs, the bar in the corner and it even has some quiz machines. When I have been in there has always been seats free, but I would imagine that when it is busy, seats come at a premium rate!  Upstairs there is a function room for student societies. The bar has your normal selection of typical student beverages, however some are not always at your typical student prices.  Also, if you're slightly peckish the Meadow Bar does offer some small meals including Paninis and sandwiches.With the menu, the Meadow Bar is a great place for students wanting to get away from the hustle and bustle of the main library and enjoy some food while looking over your notes. If you're a student the Meadow Bar is one of the bars you have to visit as a student!
3	The Meadow Bar is one of those quiet bars where people go for a chat; it is only ever going to fit in at the start of a pub crawl.  As a place to have a chat, however, it is first class.  It's full enough to not leave you feeling lonely and forever buying drinks to keep the landlord happy, but quiet enough for you to be able to hear yourself.  This makes it ideal for those going out to enjoy a drink or two who don't particularly want to frequent the noisier bars that serve as a filling station.Upstairs is a decent amount of space that is commonly available for hire for any specific events you may want to hold.  Should you be looking for such a place - this might be ideal for you.
5	I went to a party in here last year in the function room upstairs. Very nice night and the staff let us stay an extra 2 hours past closing time!If you need a function room, go here!
4	The first time I came to The Meadow Bar was a the beginning of a pub crawl in my first year.  It's a comfortable pub with quick service, plenty of comfrotable seating and a chilled out atmosphere.  Importantly, the drinks are very reasonably priced in order to lure the students away from their classes in the nearby George Square.  We all had a few drinks in here, got slightly rowdy which was taken well by the staff and then headed off.Since then I've been here for lunch a few times and I can certainly recommend their ham and cheese paninis which are big, crispy and full.  Whether you're after a drink in the evening or a tasty bite for lunch, The Meadow Bar is the place.
3	The Meadow Bar is a really small place just a few minutes walk from the Edinburgh Uni campus. And I mean small.It must only be about 5 square metres, and feels pretty cramped as soon as there are more than a few people inside. It is great when it is quiet in the afternoon for a couple of pints and a chat, but gets a bit too busy in the evening to be comfortable. The pints are normal, and quite cheap compared to other places in Edinburgh.The only advantage the Meadow Bar has is that there is a function room upstairs, showing free comedy during the festival. These shows are normally really good and seeing as they are free, even if they are not, you've only wasted a bit of time. This room can also be rented out during other parts of the year for private parties.
5	Just an incredible place. Wooeee!
5	The food. The staff. The drinks. The couches. The atmosphere. 5 stars!Seriously, I have spent many-a-hour here sipping on coffee or beer, gobbling down delicious food (Jalepeno or blue cheese veggie burger anyone!?) chatting it up. I have also spent many-a-hour here working on my computer. Yes, I would sit in this cozy bar and do work! And not only is the staff super nice, the couches are super nice on my butt too. Wait, did I just say that? Anyways, the menu seems to change all the time which is great and it's gourmet for students :) Gourmet without the gourmet prices. The best kind!Although it's near the Uni and geared towards students, I've never felt that "cheap" vibe from it. I mean how could you when their kitchen is upstairs so their dumbwaiter moves the food between the floors. Yes! Also, maybe this is a thing here and I didn't know it but they totally have a cellar below the floor where they keep their extra liquor etc. Yes again! Now if only I could get one of those in my flat, I would be a happy lady!I've been here nearly every day of the week, but it does seem to pick up around in the late evening and since there aren't too many seats downstairs it does get a bit crowded. They also have an upstairs available with its own bar that they rent out for parties and such.
5	I always call the Meadow Bar "my other local", mostly because I live on the other side of the Meadows and it takes me 15 minutes to get there.Apart from that, it has everything I'd like for my dream local pub: a nice selection of reasonably priced beers, a good non-intrusive playlist, and most importantly, the friendliest staff in town!Yes, because when you go there, you'll always get a warm welcome from Neil, Sara, Mike, Ruta... And the others... Sorry, I don't remember everyone's name but I'll update it on the fly. :-)Try the reggae parties in the room upstairs, the free fringe shows. I haven't tried the pub grubs yet apart from the ice cream, more on that later.PS: try Neil's mighty White Russian!
3	The place changed hands recently. Same setting, same music, but it kinda lost the personal touch it used to have. I guess I'll find a new regular now... :/
3	This is a solid bar. They have a good selection of beers and other stuff. The area downstairs can get a touch crowded but all in all is actualyl pretty comfortable and nice place to while away some time. Would recommend not sitting near the door in winter as it gets a touch breezy. It has started doing food. I had nachos. They were positive. I shall go back.
4	This place does not have its own character, but it attracts characters, so that's something. They offer the upstairs room for local gatherings - for free- so I first met The Meadow at a Zine launch. They get stars for culture. Friends often eat here, but there is nothing healthy, so I munch nuts or something I have on me. My fellow students will go after class, so I'm here quite often. Man, I should start checking in!
