5	Awesome date night opportunity!We came because we wanted to try something different on a Friday night and neither of us are even remotely artistic.They provide the canvas, the paints and the brushes. The instructor guides you through creating the painting that is the topic for the night.  You can check on their website to see what is the painting of the night. However, you are also allowed to do your own thing or not follow the instructor on your whim.Regarding alcohol, they do not provide any - that is why it is BYOB. They do provide plastic cups.Our instructor was a lot of fun and had really good suggestions as we were painting.
5	Brush Party: Sunday 08/24/2014 BYOBToday's Tom SawyerThree hours of fun, I didn't know what to expect, I thought it would be fun and it was!  I was a little nervous thanking that maybe someone just wanted his or her fence panted and was trying to make it fun like Tom Sawyer. The instructor led the class with little entertaining lectures and demonstrations of what we should be doing to our canvas next. I had never painted before, except maybe a fence, and I did not like my creation at first. It has grown on me, just as our wonderful instructor informed the class it would. My friend whom attended with me had a great time as well. The wine I had brought only helped to make the experience more fun. I would recommend this adventure to everyone. Parties of one to six can be booked. I am going to be going back and hope to see you there!
5	Awesome girls night!  We went on a Saturday night- I've never painted before in my life and Anthony made it so fun and easy- step by step instructions perfect for the beginner but they also allow you to be creative so that everyone's paintings have their own look.  Really great atmosphere, everyone there was friendly and encouraging and all four of us had a great time and bought tickets to go back at the end of class.  Cannot wait to do it again!
5	My husband and another couple attended a class on 9/26/14 and we had a great time! Anthony was our instructor and he was great! We painted the bridge scene and although the it looked difficult, he made the class fun, the painting doable for all of us and all four of us really enjoyed him. We look forward to going again! We can't wait to go back for the Pop Art Your Pet class :)
5	I contacted the owner Anthony regarding a corporate team building event at his space. He was extremely friendly, responsive, and offered us a reasonable quote for a party of 40 (which happens to be the capacity). I hired a separate food vendor to cook and serve food in the parking lot under a covered space and Anthony was totally fine with this. He also extends a BYOB policy for beverages including beer and wine. When we arrived, Anthony was going to be the one facilitating our session and had the entire setup prepared. He is very inviting and makes you feel at home in his studio, including a clean restroom and open access to refrigerator, sinks, etc. His personality is so friendly with a great sense of humor that kept our party laughing for 4 hours. He cranks up the music upon request between instructions and encourages everyone to have a great time. He gives great instructions that are able to follow by all levels of artists and walks through the aisles to check on everyone's progress. We are lucky to have met him. I've heard great feedback upon returning to work and encourage all people in Phoenix to give Brush Party a try! Even our folks visiting from Charlotte, NC had a blast. :)
2	I wanted to like this place. Shoot, I even gave it a second Groupon try, but unfortunately, I can't mesh with the female teacher here. I have had her for both of my experiences, and both times have had the same results. I know it isn't just me, both times I brought at least five people in my party.Is she nice? Yes. Very. She teaches school and seems really cool.But for some reason, I feel like she hasn't really clicked with the whole concept. Every time I have gone, she rushes ahead, messes up, doesn't paint the picture that we sign up for, and leaves us with incomplete paintings because we run out of time. The last one I did, she simply kind of just announced we had ten minutes to just "do whatever we wanted to finish our painting." It was quite disappointing as we aren't artists and wanted her to instruct us how to do the painting all the way to the finish. Also, as mentioned, she went way off from what we signed up for. The first time she didn't hang a picture of the original. So, the second time we asked several times if she would (knowing she strays from it) but she wouldn't.  It sounds trivial almost, but when you pay that much and want to paint a specific painting to hang up in your home, its insanely disappointing. The second picture we did was a poppy field. We never even got to the poppies. So, I came home with a picture of some mountains.
5	I went for a girls night out with a coworker and I had a blast! It's great because you can bring your own bottle of wine. I think that helped the creativity flow and add "personality" to my painting. I highly recommend Brush Party to anyone who wants to unwind and get creative. No prior painting experience necessary, just a good attitude. The location is good too, right off central, you could drink and take the light rail home. I must say Anthony (our instructor) was awesome and he had lots of funny jokes to keep us engaged. He is following his passion and you can tell by his enthusiasm for the business. Keep up the good work, would definitely come back!
5	Anthony was funny, friendly and made me feel like I can paint! My best friend and I went to Brush Party to celebrate all the past birthdays that we were unable to spend together and we had a blast! Despite the creepy dude that was sitting in front of us. We painted sunset and it was a real pleasure to learn something new. I might have found a new hobby! Thanks Anthony!  Girl from South Lake Tahoe and Polish San Diegan.
1	I was really excited to go here after buying a groupon. I received a voicemail reminder about sending an email with pictures of the dogs we wanted to paint as they were hosting pop art your pet. I attempted to call back the next day and was unsuccessful in reaching the owners. They did not respond to my voicemail or emails and I wasted 50 dollars with still no communication. Very disappointed as I had a friend go and had race reviews.
