5	This is a great little Pizza Hut. I have been here several times for carry-out and have received good service.One odd-ball experience that I had here awhile back was when the place was robbed. I wasn't at the location when it was robbed (thankfully), but I received a call when I was on my way telling me that my pizza wasn't done. I guess the thief stole it.... Anyway, I waited a little more for them to make my pizza, but they did give me a free 2-liter and were completely apologetic.
5	This location is actually pretty good. They  deliver on time, don't skip on the cheese, and the crust isn't burnt. Pizza Hut may not be the best pizza in the world, but some locations are better than others. I'm happy to say that this one does it right. Also, right now they have a $10 any pizza deal going on, so it's a pretty good deal as well.
3	I give them a three, but we have had service that ranges from 1-5 stars.  We always order extra cheese, and they charge a $2 fee for extra cheese.  We decided to order two pizzas once, one with extra cheese and one with regular.  They came the same.  They charge you for extra cheese, but you don't always get it.  We sometimes get pizza that is overcooked, on the border of being burnt.  When we call and conplain, they offer to replace the bad pizza.  It is kind of a hit or miss with this location.  Sometimes good, sometimes not so good.
5	This Pizza Hut is great. For chain pizza this location seems to make it like was back in the day. When I order pan pizza it is thick and cooked all the way through. They always have deals as most pizza places do. When they have the deals for any pizza, any size, any crust, I wish they would honor that and not charge extra for stuffed crust. Any crust means ANY CRUST. Okay... I got that out. The wings are bomb-diggity! if you don't know about Wing Wednesday then you should check it out. Wings are 50 cents each. I get an order of 8 buffalo burnin' hot (boneless) for $4 and it comes with a side of dressing. There is a good selection of flavors.Sometimes I order for delivery but usually just pick it up since it is close to my home and quicker. I always order online and never have any problems.
1	I still don't  understand how Pizza Hut is still open!   Between the ore-fab cardboard known as a crust, the bland sauce and low quality ingredients I would have to be coming off a long fast to eat it... And then I would probably throw it up!There are a lot of frozen pizzas that are better!
1	Give the place a 1 star and that's only because there delivery time is fast, my server was mike he's the manager of the store. I ordered a medium pizza and wanted a 14 PC wing they delivered an 8pc. They gave me a receipt that only had my grand total not full sale receipt. Couldn't get a refund, store credit, or even my 6 wings. Even though I'm a long time full paying customer. I've never called in and complained about any other order I've purchased. What other Pizza Hut is in my delivery area?
1	bad service, bad food, just bad all around!!
1	This is the second time this has happened ... A fucked up pizza .. I ordered a cheese pizza add jalepenos bell peppers mushrooms and drizzle honey siracha on the pizza .. They sent me a pizza with no sauce on it just honey siracha ... I called to complain whoever answered said she made the pizza her self and it was light sauce ... I'm staring at the pizza and telling her there is no sauce and she continues to talk over me ,, I finally cut her off like what is a pizza with no pizza sauce ma'am .. She send me another pizza ... The box was very heavy so I look at it and this time the whole damn jar of siracha is on the damn pizza .. And U guys about to close man that's fucked up and I should come smack the entire shut OUTTA all YALL
5	I tried the new pretzle crust last night and my wife got the toastes garlic cheese crust. Both pizzas were very tasty. It says 45 mins for delivery and was on time. Driver was nice and appreciative of his tip. I got the hand tossed style pizza.  I will say, w these new collection of crusts, they are really on to something.  Was really good.
