5	This place does not just have the best ice cream but it is also a full service Green Mountain Coffee Shop! I did not know this! It was free cone day I did not take any pics shame on me, I know right. This location is under new ownership and forgive me I cant recall the owner's name but she was super nice, her family run's it and I got the "inside scoop" on the place hehe. She even let the old man sample the coffee and go back for another scoop! They have a sitting area for kid's complete with tv and they play Disney movies! Score! I am not a coffee drinker but if I was I'd buy Green Mountain they have Fair Trade & Organic blend's they make diff ones for diff causes and charities I think thats great. I got my little B & J keytag and I will deffinately be back lot's.
5	Very clean, Good Coffee and free wi-fi
2	I love Ben and Jerry's from the grocery store so I was excited to find out that there's an actual B&J store here in Arizona. Went today and the place was dead - we were there for at least 30 minutes and only one person came in. We were mostly alone with the one clerk the whole time.The ice cream was good - it's just Ben and Jerry's as expected - but it came in a nondescript styrofoam bowl instead of an actual B&J paper bowl like is advertised right on the counter. They also had a limited selection. I expected to see something new or different that you can't find in the grocery but it was the same 12 flavours you see everywhere. They didn't even have either of my two favourites (Cinnamon Buns and  Brownie Batter).They have a full Green Mountain Coffee Roasters stand and I got a small cup of house to go with my ice cream. They only had half in half and the coffee also came in a cup you can buy in bulk from Cost Co. I had to put in some of my ice cream to flavour it up, but the coffee wasn't burnt or too watery, which was good.Overall, pretty disappointing. I can go to a grocery store and buy a pint and have more of an experience than coming here. It's probably cheaper that way, too.Note: Something different was they have decks of Trivial Pursuit cards out for the bored which was nice since I love trivia.
3	Located on 67th ave. on the east side, just south of the 101.  Easy to find in the 99cents store & Ace Hardware strip.  Good quality & falvorful ice cream but wow did I pay out the yazoo for a simple cup of ice cream.  If you're going to Ace Hardware, this is pretty much next door and irresistable if you have $6 burning a hole in your pocket.
