4	Finally!  After watching all those damn commercials...and being deprived of this chain in NorCal, I had an opportunity to visit this fairly new restaurant in Las Vegas.  Right when I walked in, and throughout my whole dining experience, there were a few things that really stood out.  For an all day buffet...this restaurant was surprisingly clean.  From the buffet bar to the tables, I noticed that the staff was attentive and quick in creating a presentable and sanitary dining environment.  And they were so darn friendly and full of life!  I wish I had that much energy at my work!All-you-can-eat pizza was shockingly impressive!  I was fortunate to always get fresh, hot, crispy-crusted pizzas.  I enjoyed most of their specialty pizzas:  Spinach Alfredo, BBQ Buffalo Chicken, Mac & Cheese, Zesty Pepperoni (also in deep dish), Alfredo, and Mexican Style Ole (taco).  The regular one/two topping pizzas weren't bad either.  One of my favorite items was the Flip, a seasoned pocket style pizza with pepperoni and cheese.  Their tossed signature salads were okay.  I thought that the BLT Ranch was better than the Classic Italian.  I didn't have room for their soup or pasta...since I was eyeing their freshly baked brownies and cinnamon rolls.  Brownies were too moist for me, but their hot cinnamon rolls may be the reason why I'm coming back!
2	Yeah, I had to check it out for the little ones. I went on a Saturday night around 6pm, which may have been my first mistake.The place was sooo loud and insane, it was like Chucky Cheese, without the distraction of the arcade games for the kids. The line for the drink machine was ridiculous. There were 8 people in front of me! I tried the salad with the Italian dressing, which wasn't bad although a bit wilted. The pizza was a joke. I tried the Mac and Cheese, BBQ, Ham and cheese, and the pan cheese pizza. If I had to choose one it would be the Mac and Cheese that was almost decent. The pizza dough was flavorless and quite similar to cardboard. The bread sticks had to be my favorite thing, because they were the only thing that I could stand to eat more than one bite of.  I couldn't even bring myself to try the cinnamon rolls or brownies.  My Mother-in-law ordered the chicken wings...which I would like to refer to as Mistake #2. They were like microwaved frozen wings, completely soggy and disgusting. She ordered mild, yet they were drenched in a hot sauce that the kids thought were too spicy. I tried one and it was alot hotter than mild. The only reason I'm not giving this place 1 star is because the service was actually commendable. The bus persons kept the place clean and swarmed the tables as soon as people left. The people making the pizza were also quick to put in special requests as well. I think I'll stick with Chucky Cheese next time. At least there I can MAKE my own salad and the kids are preoccupied by arcade games.
4	OK! Watching the commercials on TV for this place, I've always wanted to try this buffet but none exist in the Bay Area. I've been teased long enough! Finally had my fill at this Cici's in Vegas and I was more than satisfied. The pizzas keep coming out fresh, and if it's not out on the line, they take requests. I especially like their Mexican Style Ole, their Pepperoni/Jalepeno, and something they called The Flip (a calzone style pizza). I've got to give honorable mention to their freshly tossed salad, but c'mon, salad is salad; and the pasta? eh...it's ok. Oh here's the kicker...their fresh out-of-the-oven cinnamon buns...they just hit the spot after all that pizza!Customer service was great. They have a friendly and attentive staff. The place was always clean. I'm going back!
1	Oh man did I take a wrong turn. I had to grab lunch with a co-worker and we had limited time, so we stopped into this place. They had a 5.99 all you can eat pizza buffet, which included salad and desserts. I can understand why families with children would want to come here...but I would definitely not come back that's for sure. If you're looking for pizza even something halfway decent this is not the place for you.
3	More like 3.5 stars.  Good place to take young children just because it's so noisy there.  Note to self though, do not go on a Saturday afternoon at lunch time.  I really didn't want to go today at that time, but we were in the area....much better to go on a Friday afternoon when everyone is at school and work (yay to 4-10 work weeks!)  A bit too crowded for my liking but the pizza isn't horrible and there is a lot of selection.  You just have to deal with the typical family of 20 and greedy folks that pile 50 slices of pizza on their plate like they aren't going to make anymore.
3	This is listed as a Mexican restaurant????
3	I love CiCi's! What is better than all-you-can-eat mediocre pizza?! And for those people that complane the pizza is horrible, well what do you really expect from a pizza BUFFET?! If i want high quality pizza, this is not where you go! If you want lots of tasty food that hits the spot, then this is the place! You really do have to grab a cinnamon roll though, mmmmmn!
3	I know, I know it's been a long time since I've done a review but I've been busy trying to lose weight.  After 5 months of trying and losing maybe 5 pounds I decided ah, what the hell?  Might as well go back to doing some reviews!  Being away from Yelp wasn't helping my quest for six-pack abbage anyway.  That's what the extra cardio is for!Now I've been to several of the Cici's here in LV and I'm reviewing this one mainly because it's the nicest one I've been to.  Cleanliness is very important folks!  The manager treats me well here so kudos to him and his staff.  Plus, this one is in the same shopping center as Best Buy and Costco!  Killin' all the birds with one stone.  Assassin's Creed 2 video game?  Check.  Fiber One bars?  Check.  Cheap but tasty lunch?  Check.This place gets 3 1/2 stars from me.  Pretty good in my book.  I know other places have much better pizza, but you gotta give it to Cici's for attracting all the folks with a $4.99 all-you-can-eat pizza buffet.  Where else you gonna go that's this cheap and also keeps the kids happy?  This place is hoppin' it seems almost all times of the day, especially the weekends.  They even got a little arcade in there so they can suck a little bit more of your money before you leave!But back to the food.  Once you pay for your meal, you get started off at the salad bar.  I eat tons of their salad when the server makes it with fresh ingredients (not sitting long) and the ratios are correct (not too much dressing).  Cici's has 2 basic salads, their 'House' Italian salad with lettuce mix, tomatoes, red onion, banana peppers, olives, and their special dressing.  I swear to God, this salad tastes almost exactly like the salad at Olive Garden!  And that's a good thing (if you like Olive Garden's salad...which I do).  They also make a decent Bacon Ranch salad with lettuce mix, bacon bits, tomatoes, and ranch dressing.  I hear in other states with a Cici's Pizza they have a full salad bar available (I'm lookin at you Austin, TX), I wish they would do that here in Vegas too.  That would inch you up probably to a full 4 stars.  After you pass the salad options you get to the soup/pasta station.  Yes, they only have one soup that I've ever seen but it's very good when it's fresh.  It's a chicken noodle soup made with their popular rotini pasta (yummy yes, traditional no).  Good soup with lots of chicken cubes, rotini, onion, peppers, lots of spices.  Goes great with their garlic breadstics.  They also have a pasta option, which is always rotini pasta with marinara.But you all know we came here for the show...the pizza!  Cici's has at least a dozen different pizzas on their serving line at any one time, and the variety is vast.  Key here is to get it while it's fresh...always tastes the best.   Some of my favs are the Thin Crust Italiano (thin and crispy with sausage and spices), the Zesty Veggie (fresh veggies with a zesty ranch sauce), the Mexican Ole! (thin crust with ground beef and cheese, topped with fresh lettuce and tomato), the Hawaiian (ham and pineapple), the BBQ (pork BBQ with cheddar and mozzarella),  and the Buffalo Chicken (chicken breast with spicy ranch sauce and buffalo wing sauce).  I also like their Deep Dish pizza a lot with my fav being the Supreme (pepperoni, sausage, peppers, onions, olives, mushrooms, cheese).  Of course the kids love their signature Macaroni & Cheese pizza!Here's a tip that many of you might not know, you can special order a pizza at Cici's at any time while dining in.  Just tell the server behind the counter you have a special request.  They'll ask what kind of pizza you want and how many slices.  Then they ask your name and give you a colored cone for your order.  When it's ready it's brought straight to your table!  I always order a Supreme pizza this way.  I order a whole one and share it with my family.  This way it comes out hot, fresh, and not touched by some kid with booger hands!They also have a small dessert and drink station.  Cici's makes some decent brownies, but their cinnamon rolls?  They're addictive, like crack!  Their excellent when they are just out of the oven, warm, gooey, light, and fluffy all at the same time.  You'd be hard pressed to find another decent cinnamon roll in this city.  I'm also very happy that Cici's is a Coke serving place, so drink away I do!  I just wish they had Cherry Coke on tap (Sam's Club I hate you...but love that you have this on tap).Little known fact:  Cici's Pizza was voted one of 'America's Healthiest Restaurants' by Men's Health magazine in 2009.  Hurts soooo good!  Overall, not a bad place to stuff yourself silly off of fat and carbs...and for the same price as a Subway $5 footlong!  Just save some room so you can stand and play the 'Stacker' game in the arcade afterwards.  One day I will win that damn big prize!
3	The pizza isn't the greatest in the world, but it will do....especially when it's all you can eat for $7!  My friend lives around the corner, so he recommended coming here for lunch.I didn't know what to expect, but was happy to find a really clean place.  The restaurant was about 1/2 full during lunchtime on a Tuesday.  On the buffet line you will find at least 12 to 15 different pizzas.  Since I love Pizza and can eat it morning, noon, and night I was in heaven.  I was about to screw up all of my efforts from the morning workout.Here's a list of what I can remember eating...the slices are small, so it's not as much as it appears...although it was a lot!Pepperoni - Regular CrustPepperoni - Thick CrustPepperoni - Thin CrustPepperoni & JalapenosMacaroni & Cheese - Yes, it's a pizza!  It was just ok though.Ham & CheeseVeggie Thin CrustMushroom & PepperoniPepperoni & SausageThere were many others that I didn't try.....BBQ Chicken, Hawaiian, and several I can't remember.  Overall, it was great value for the money.The people who work here are very friendly too.  They greeted everyone who entered the door & everyone who left.....and it sounded sincere not fake.There was a small selection of video games & other games in the back room and tv's.Will I come back?  When I want to gain 500 lbs....yes!
4	Cici's pizza is great for families. The staff here is always very friendly.  They work hard to keep the place clean, and turn over the buffet quickly. They will take custom orders if you do not see a pizza you like.  You have to try their speciality pizzas as they are unique and tasty.  Now, do not expect the best Chicago style or Brooklyn pizza you have ever eaten or you will be disappointed, but for $4.99 all you can eat you can't go wrong.
4	I love the selection of pizza here, 2 of my favorites are the buffalo chicken and the macaroni & cheese.
4	Decent pizza, great value. LOTS of screaming kids running around.
5	When i am having a bad day and I want some pizza (buffet) for cheap and dont feel like cooking... ($5/person) and they have military discount Cici's Pizza is the place i want to go most!! I love their taco,buffalo chicken,macaroni and cheese (i know sounds gross but man I promise it is phenomenal!!)They also have salas,soups, pasts and dessert pizzas!!! I think the best thing is that you can tell them what pizza you want (or are craving) and they will make it for you and bring it to your table!! Any creation you can think of they will make!! :D The staff is great they are always peppy and make you feel welcomed!!
4	When your stretching the dollar, Cici's fits the budget. It's an all you can eat buffet. If you've never been, you will find some odd pizza combinations like macaronin and cheese or taco (which is decent).  The pizza taste isn't particularly traditional, even the regular ones like sausage or pepperoni.  I can't quite place it on the cheese either, not quite mozarella, slightly different.  They have 2 salad types in the buffet and a couple of desserts (one is always a baked cinnamon roll)  Very much family oriented. The stellar staff and low prices make up for the middle of the road tasting food.
3	Not as many screaming kids as I thought there would be.  Only two things I felt were worth mentioning, the mac and cheese pizza and the cinnamon sticks, otherwise ok food. Not bad for the price tag.
4	OMG this place is soooooo yummy!!!!  It's a buffet of pizzas!  Pepperoni, sausage, buffalo chicken.  Even macaroni and cheese pizza.  Cheeseburger pizza.  Just pizza overload.  YUM!  There's also salad, usually some kind of pasta and a few desserts.  If you're on a budget or just plain craving pizza, give it a try.  It's not the world's best pizza but it's so yummy!!  It's like $7 for all you can eat pizza!  Seriously!
4	Quite honestly, I was a bit unsure about this place.  Cause the last Cici's we went too, made us think twice about eating there.  This Cici's Pizza,  thrown those doubts out the window and became our favorite place to have pizza.  Located off North Decatur and 215, behind Walgreens, and next to Best Buy, is Cici's Pizza.  Took us a while to find it, since we weren't really use to the area.  But, it is a decent size to have a pizza buffet.  I like the fact that it has a door way that you could only enter threw, and a doorway you could only exit out.  So you won't be bombarded with little kids running in and out, when you're trying to get in, or out.  The dining area is very well kept in a cleanly setting.  Enough room to have a decent size birthday party.  As well as an arcade room in the back.  The staff seem very friendly, and very alert.  They make sure that you are greeted, once you walk in.  As far as the buffet line goes, its fresh as it can get.  Salad bar look fresh and they have some one behind the counter, to put dressing on your salad.  The pizza looks good and never hard to chew.  What kind of interest me, is the different kind of pizza they had.  Like the Macaroni Pizza, which was different but really good.  Of course the usual pepperoni pizza is my favorite.  What topped it all off was the cinnamon rolls.  Very tasty and very soft, it had to be one of the best things about Cici's.  It got to the point that we decided to order from Cici's To Go menu, every time we wanted pizza and cinnamon rolls.  Plus their pricing is really really good.  2 medium pizza, large bread sticks, and large cinnamon rolls for under 20 bucks.  Guess what's for dinner!?!?Overall, a well recommended place for pizza lovers who are looking for a cheap place to have good pizza and dessert at a buffet restaurant.  Also a good place for take out as well.
4	Gourmet, this place just ain't it.  Edible and cheap, we have a winner.  I've only eaten here once but, since moving the area this is my go-to for take out.  They can get a pile of pizza ready to go in ten minutes and I can be out the door with four huge boxes of food for less than twenty bucks.  I can't complain about that.  The staff have always been friendly over the phone and in person.  The time that I did stay to dine in the line was taken care of with plenty of choices and pies coming out every few minutes.  The bread sticks are yummy and you can't go wrong with the cinnamon rolls.  Again, don't cry that it's not super fabulous, you get what you pay for.  For a budget minded gal with a healthy appetite I'm certainly a fan.
4	As a parent with 3 hungry children, CiCi's is a great choice for dining out.  Great price and the food really is pretty decent.  The fact that it is all you can eat makes it a great value.  The employees have always been very friendly.  I love the fact that you can make a special request for a pizza that they don't already have made and they will gladly fix it up for you.
3	Quick buffet that is good for kids. Limited salad bar so don't plan on eating healthy. There is a small arcade and the prices are cheap but do realize you get what you pay for. Definitely not high quality food here.
3	Pretty good for kids, average to below average for adults.  Friendly staff, good price.  Not the best tasting, but you can tolerate a slice or 2.  Limited dessert and salad options.
2	So I've been here twice within 3 days and not because I wanted to.  I'm not a fan of buffets for my lack of self control.  LOL  Monday I brought my daughter and her friend for lunch.  Immediately you are greeted by all the employees "Welcome to Cici's!".  Pretty nice little greeting I must say. The girl at the cashier asked "how many" and I said 3.  As I started to ask about the child rate she handed me a receipt that said 3 adults.  I simply asked her what was the age for the child rate.  She in turn asked me how old the girls were.  I replied that both of them are 11 and in passing asked "oh is the age 10 and under" and she replied back "no its 11 and under".  She proceeded to look past me to help the next customer and I shook my head and decided to just dismiss that whole convo.  Challenging stupidity doesn't make for a good lunch with my girls.We quickly found our seats and the girls were up and at em.  We each grabbed a tray.  A couple of the dishes I picked up were dirty so I just set them to the side. The pasta is one of my favorite simple things however when I got up there the pasta needed refilled.  I asked the girl behind the counter if they knew their pasta needed refilled.  She replied "yes" and continued with her pizzas not even headed to the pasta to see what I was referring to.  Instead she addressed some "regular" customers behind me-hence the immediate dismissal of the question.  Kinda awkward to say the least. Finally 10 minutes later it was refilled. Sigh.They serve pasta salad, salad, soup, corkscrew pasta with red and white sauce, breadsticks & garlic knots, a plethora of pizza and a few dessert options.  Their  food is what it is....a really cheap family buffet.  With that said the pizzas leave a lot to be desired, don't have much cheese or meat, have a lot of dough but is all good for the carb-evore in you!  This place really should be named CiCi's CARB Buffet! Its a bread lovers dream! You seriously need to put in some cardio time after eating here.The place is pretty beat up.  The walls, floors and tables are scuffed up and chipped.  Its definitely a place to bring all the children and your neighbors children.  You can tell they all have been here! LOL  There are TVs mounted up high that had children shows on them.  You cant hear the sound so I'm always not sure why restaurants even bother.  There is a small arcade in the back that the kids love.  There's a community board that has a few things posted but looks all greasy from little hands touching it.  Another dirty detail.Now while the girls were spending their couple dollars on the arcade I was checking in on my handy dandy YELP app on my phone.  While I sit there and observe the chaos around me, my eyes found there way up the wall in slow motion....  Eeek! The Health Department grade!  Like an elephant in the room-how did I miss it when it was right in front of me the whole time I was eating!  I can say I'm not surprised however at the same time I'm not even sure if I had ever seen a C Grade in person.  Hm. That's right Graded a C!  Thank goodness it was after we ate because that is a sure turn off to me regardless of the details.  I do watch Restaurant Impossible! LOLOn a side note, at the end of our meal the manager came over to ask if everything was to our satisfaction.  I decided not to bother to inform him of the awkward and lazy service from his employees.  I think the place is run with super young people with lack of guidance possibly.  He was just a baby himself-or I'm just old.  I beg to differ.  LOL  Needless to say, I will not be back anytime soon.  This is only a "when I have to" place to eat - category of Chuck E Cheese. LOL.  I will for sure be checking the grade next time though with curiosity of an upgrade! ;)
3	I came here because I kept seeing their commercials on TV for their $5.00 September buffet and since I was in the area I decided to try it out.Let me tell you, the commercials were misleading.  I thought there was going to be a long row of pizza.  Instead it was a small little section of pizza.  I kind of liked it this small because sometimes the big buffet can be overwhelming.  The best part is that if you don't see a pizza you like, you can ask for a specific one and hey will make it for you and deliver it to your table.  How awesome is that?!?!?I'm not a huge fan of pizza (only because the ones I tried hasn't really been the one to say "this is the best pizza ever) and I cant say this is the best pizza I ever tried nor is it the worse.  This is a good place to fill up on pizza on little $.
3	Having lived in Texas for many years I used to love a cheap pizza buffet so I was excited to try one again...the only reason it gets 3 stars is for the BBQ pizza they have. I had them make me a fresh one. I love love love it. Always have. The downfalls were waiting at the counter and having to go find someone to pay, the crap lettuce for the salad bar, dirty silverware, dry dry dry pizza that was sitting there, and the worst part was the god awful loud ass music they were playing. The only other table in there kept saying how terrible it was as well. I asked the girl at the counter if corporate made them play that. She just smiled. Ugh. It was baaaad. I think I'll skip this place for now and remember better times in Texas.
4	This place is great for families and large groups. Also great place for quick eats for lunch or dinner  They always have a variety of pizza on the buffet but if you do not see your favorite pizza they will make it for you.  The employees are always friendly and helpful at this location.
3	Gotta come here if you have kids. It's a smaller version of Chuck E. Cheese only cheaper because of the fact that its a buffet. Instead of buying a pizza or two for about 15 bucks a pop, you only pay about 5 bucks for kids 10 and under and its only another dollar for adults! Drinks not included of course but even with that its still a good deal if you are on a budget.Now for the food. Ehhh.....its alright. But to a kid, its all good! You have a little something for everybody like salad, pasta with your choice of alfredo sauce or marinara, chicken noodle soup, breadsticks, garlic knots and of course pizza! They bring out different kinds once some of the ones that are out are low. Dont like what you see? You can actually request a pizza to be made and they will bring it out to you! They even have desserts like cinnamon rolls and apple pie pizza.The times I have gone here were when they had customer appreciation day where it was only 2.99 per person. The other times were when they would have lunch specials which are only 5 bucks a person.Some bonuses are that they have a couple of flat panel LCD's which they usually show the big game if it applies. There is an arcade room towards the back which includes an air hockey table.Service is decent here and it should be based on the fact that you serve yourself. They usually do a good job of cleaning up any of your excess leftover garbage on your table so be courteous and leave a buck or two for tip.All in all, this place is a good place to take your kids so you can save some money. Its just that I always have that im full but ate what I really didnt want feeling. Hay, as long as the kids are satisfied, as a parent, that means that you have done your job even though you are sacrificing your own satisfaction.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #139 "Do it for the kids"
