3	Ah, The Beer Market. As my drive from work takes me past this place, I eagerly awaited its opening for weeks (months? Can't remember). I like hanging out in the North Shore/North side area - or I would if there were more places that weren't either seedy looking or overpriced.For the positives, I love the layout of this place, though the stage they have inside is tiny! Expect acoustic sets only, which is no problem with me. Their bottled beer selection is extensive. And that word doesn't even cover it. Their draft selection is impeccable. No Bud Lite, Miller Lite, etc. on draft (at least not the two times I went in) so that probably says a lot. We had the same bartender both times we visited and I totally see her face in my mind, but can't remember her name. Casey, I think it was? Either way she is super friendly so I highly recommend sitting in her area of the bar. She always has a big smile and is just super upbeat. The downside to this place is the price. Some, quite a few, of the bottle beers are pricey. Like $8.50 pricey for beers that I don't believe are worth it. Also, they don't serve food, but you can order food from outside restaurants to be delivered there, a concept I still can't wrap my head around (bartenders and servers I spoke with at local places were not happy about that, btw). I think this spot will be perfect once they have some bands booked. May be pricey, but the layout is wonderful, especially when the doors are open. It's big and spacious and whatever beer you like, they probably have it. The service is top notch and they have TVs so you can catch the game. I say check it out.
4	I love the beer market and I'm glad it came to the North Side!  I think their prices are fair--not cheap, but they're not serving Bud Light and most craft beers are in the $5-7 range anywhere.Like the other reviewer said, no food here--they make a big deal of letting you order from nearby restaurants, but most bars near restaurants let you do that.  I wouldn't come here for dinner...That being said, it's a great location and the perfect spot for meeting up with friends for some game day brews.
4	Went here on Saturday before heading to a wedding at PNC Park. We actually were looking for a couple drinks and some bar food, but unfortunately this place doesn't serve food. You can order from other places nearby and they will deliver food. It sounds odd, and I'm sure eventually they'll add a limited menu, but the food delivery thing was actually pretty simple. Ordered a burger and fries from a place nearby and they dropped it off by the time we finished our first round. As for the beer, the list really is extensive. If you are looking to grab drinks with friends before a game, this perfect. It was was reasonably priced and the service was great, especially for only being open about a month. My boyfriend complained that the bartender didn't know much about beer, but she knew enough to pour what I asked for and was nice as can be. Also, it should be noted, the huge garage doors make it an "open air" bar so even if you're sitting inside, you're getting some fresh air. I loved that.I hope they stick around and continue to do well! I'm not from the area, but locals should definitely head here!
2	I want to like this place as the beer list is great but walked in tonight and a waitress told us to sit where ever we wanted.  We sat near the front and after 10 minutes or more not one waitress came to take our order.  We decided to leave. If I'm ever in the North Side again I may give this place another chance.
2	I love the beer selection and the layout of the place. I suppose it's a bit pricey, but it doesn't bother me too much after living in Vegas and Chicago.The biggest problem is the service. I've been there twice - the first time the place was empty and the service was adequate, the second time the place was busy and the service was non-existant. I would have expected to go through 4 beers in the time I was there, and only got one because we couldn't find the waitress. I'd expect a bar like this to be well-staffed on game days, and I'm not sure exactly what was taking them so long seeing as they don't serve food. It would be very difficult to convince me to go back, which is depressing since I've been looking for a bar in the area with this kind of selection.
2	Extremely crowded  before the Pirates game.   While standing at the bar, had to ask another patron for the beer list and then have a waitress get our drinks because the bartenders never waited on us.  We felt it didn't live up to the reputation we had heard but will try again another time.   May have just  been a bad day!
3	I'm knocking off a star from my previous review as I showed up with takeout and literally FINISHED MY MEAL before I was seen by a server.  And it wasn't busy.  When she arrived at my table she looked surprised that I hadn't gotten a drink yet and told me she "thought I was just there to hang out."Yeah, I was!  But I was hoping to hang out with a beer...
1	Our first visit.  Nice beer selection, but don't order anything uncommon.  The second beer we selected and ordered was very bad, very skunked.  Without drinking more than a sip, we sent it back... And this has never happened to us anywhere... The manager came out and said she tasted it, and it was fine, so she could not remove it from our tab.   If "fine" means yummy rusty nail flavor, then ok.  But that is not fine in our book.  Blech.  We settled, left, will not be back, and will discourage others from visiting.  Very bad form, the worst manner of customer service.  We have lived (and drank a lot of beer) in Oregon so we kinda know that Rogue should taste a little better than gutter water.
1	Great concept but poor execution! Beer Market claims to have 5,000 beers but I tried five different beers from the menu and all were "sold out". I guess that's possible but not sure I understand the altitude of the server who stalked off after the fifth try like I had done something wrong. Top it off they don't serve food! If you want to eat you can order from local eateries who deliver to the Beer Market. Really! I could do the same at home quicker and less expensively. Bottom line: Beer Market is a big disappointment. No selection and staff that needs a lesson in Custer service. Go somewhere else. Erich S.
4	Who cares if they don't serve food. This is a BEER bar and they have a fine selection and a knowledgable staff. They are happy to pour you a sample. The fact they are across from PNC Park and 10 minutes walk to Heinz Field makes this a great pre-game stop. No food?  Who cares?  Several restaurants will deliver. Have another beer!
2	Great location but down hill from there. Customer service is lacking-help was marginal at best. One highlight after my first 3 beers were not available-my waitress commented that we have 5000 beers and you can't find one!  We were ignored and left shortly after that. What's the attraction if there is no game. Try Sharps edge were knowledge-customer service-and Beer come together! PS: Staff said that fall beers were not out yet...geez, they been out for a few weeks already!
4	Have you ever wished you could die and go to beer heaven? If so, this place may be that heaven. Granted, if you want food that's a whole other realm.I'd been wanting to stop in for a while, so I was excited to head in after a Pirates game. As you can expect it was PACKED and loud. But I think what added to the loudness was the live band. I know this is going to age me so much, but I did hate to have to scream just to talk to friends. BUT, let's move on to the beer...The selection is massive and their menu is more like a book. Pages and pages of beers I've never heard of, but want to try! Because it was so packed I went with an old fave, Wells Banana Bread Beer. This place is one of those joints where if you have a hard to find fave, they probably have it. It's BYOF, meaning you can bring in your own food. Would be way cooler if there were a few more good options on the North Shore. But I'm willing to "suffer" for good beer. And I think it's a cool concept. Why make bad bar good when you can just concentrate on great brews?!
4	As soon as I read the article in the Post-Gazette about this new place on the Northshore I couldn't wait to go. As a beer lover this place was right up my alley and I had high expectations.  The Beer Market definitely lived up to them with 50 great beers on draft-I ordered the Banana Bread and Fatheads Bumbleberry. A great place to go before Pirates Games or with a big group of people.
4	The Beer Market has the largest beer selection that I have seen in Pittsburgh so far. Hundreds of craft choices from outstanding breweries. It's a must stop for any beer aficionado.A few other notable points: 1) they do not serve food but allow you to bring your own or order in; 2) the bartenders are very knowledgeable so use them to help you make a choice from their overwhelming menu; 3) there is a stage for live music; 4) and if you sit outside, then prepare to be engaged by outgoing pedestrians.
4	Lots of beers on tap (most I've seen in Pittsburgh) and a ridiculous amount of bottle options to boot.  The tap selection can be a little hit or miss, especially if you're looking for something extremely hoppy, but it also includes some options you won't see anywhere else.  As a former coloradan, I was extremely pleased by their bottle selections.  Do yourself a favor and order a great divide hoss!  No food in house, but you can bring your own.  One final note:  this bar is definitely one of the best places to watch a pirates game, home or away.  The crowd is engaged, rowdy, and you may even experience the entire place chanting "let's go bucs!". Awesome.
5	You'd think 23 pages of beer selections would make it really hard to choose one.But the servers are really helpful and they know their beer. We went prior to a Pirates game, and the place filled up QUICKLY.Go early, snag a seat near the street and enjoy the show.
4	I adore the beer market!  I will admit my first time when the bartender handed me the catalog of a menu I was overwhelmed, but now I've become a pro. (OK, maybe that's just in my head) This place is truly a beer lovers dream. Their taps and bottle selection is vast and constantly updating.  But be forewarned they DO NOT serve food.  I feel bad for the bartenders and servers, because i feel that at least one person on each of my trips here has to take attitude with them about it. Don't take it out on the workers, it's not their fault. Also, don't bring children here. It's call The Beer Market, so NO they don't have a full list of juices and sodas for your children.  (Griping over)On the plus side you can have food delivered or bring your own in.  I've done both.  Just keep in mind on game days it gets PACKED!!!  Service will slow down during this rush, but you can tell they are trying their best.  Any other occasion I have had excellent service.If you're a beer snob looking to grab a delicious brew before or after the game, then this is your place!
5	Excellent beer choices and the staff was super attentive! The bartender helping us let me try about 6 beers before I settled on one, and he was very funny and seemed to know his beers.
4	First off the Beer Market DOES NOT serve food which is good and bad. It is nice if you know this before hand so you can grab something on your way. On the other hand, they have menus and it's very easy to have food delivered. Personally I love this place and the beer selections. If you like a laid back  atmosphere and good beers then this is your place. If you are sitting at the wooden tables in the middle, do not wait for the waitress to come around. In my experience they tend to take an excessive amount of time if there are more then 30 people in here.
4	I have to say, I am confused about the bad reviews.  A group of us went on a Saturday night after a Pirates game in September - it was super packed.  The bartender could have been nicer, but there were so many people and super loud, so I don't blame him.Beers + live music = fun.Like others have said, they do not serve food, so plan accordingly.  We had the drunk munchies at 2am, but couldn't find anything to eat (probably a good thing).
4	The Beer Market is just that. A BEER market. No vodka, no food.  Just beer. And oh-so-much of it.  The number of pages in the Beer Market's beer bible may just rival the number of pages in the actual Bible and categorized for viewing ease.  Any beer and/or beer type you could ever think of is listed amongst their many offerings.  Beer Market's service is fast and friendly; and the atmosphere is relaxed and inviting.  The perfect place to watch the Seahawks kick the 49ers butts - at least it was last night! Bonus - the beer is reasonable AND you can bring your own food in to enjoy.
4	Come for the beer, stay for the beer.  If you don't like beer, you may change your mind after having to drink beer all night because that's all your gonna get.  But goodness, will you get any kind you desire.Out of the times I've been here, I've enjoyed myself more sitting outside on the sidewalk than when I was here and had to stay inside.  There's very little sound-absorbing material in the space, so it gets loud pretty quickly.  I was here for a networking event last week and we had the back area.  It got loud and cramped so we started to take over the rest of the space.  They were gracious and very welcoming.The other times I've been here, the servers were great to us as well.  I haven't tested their beer knowledge, but I'd imagine it's solid.  They do let you bring in food as they don't have a menu (or a kitchen, food, etc).It is a pretty cool concept and different for the area; it is among the Miller-Lite-slinging sports bars right by the stadium.  Enthusiastic (and buzzed) thumbs up.
4	The Beer Market is a pretty good Idea. A big room that can handle a huge amount of people and a BYOF attitude. They have a menu the size of the Cheese Cafe Factory's which is full of beer organized by type and delivery method. If you are in the north shore and you're waiting for a game to start this is a great place to bring some food and drink some beer before your game or the concert. It's also a great place to go big and bring in a lot of food and have a party while having all the beer catered by the Beer Market. I have to say that I like the idea and with the addition of live music it's a fun place to be.
1	Perhaps the least competent service I have ever received. It took 30 minutes to get my first drink, this despite the fact that when I arrived waitresses outnumbered patrons. I ordered five drinks, each time the waitress would leave for 5 minutes before returning to notify me that beverage was sold out. On the sixth order she finally brought me the Magners I requested on order #3 when the managers pointed out to her they weren't actually sold out. The waitress claimed that they were changing all the drafts out to new beers which was why so many were out but couldn't tell us what new beers were available and I have never heard of a bar changing out so many beers at once rather than when a keg kicks (especially not a few hours before a game)I finished that drink and then waited 15 minutes for the waitress to notice me and then 30 more to get another order actually brought to me from the bar (I had to actually stand up and find the waitress who then signaled to another waitress to bring the drinks to our table). It was still 2.5 hours before the Pirate game and the place was less than 1/2 full.My guests and I waited for about 30 minutes from there before a girl set up a cooler on the sidewalk and we got the rest of our beverages from her. Finally we wanted to leave and tried to get our checks from the waitress, this required another visit to go track her down on the floor and say we wanted to leave, 15 minutes later she was still not to our table with a check but was just chatting by the Micros POS machine so I went and asked again, this time I was told she transferred our check to someone else (she didn't know who) and they had to get our check. At this point I was ready to just walk out but the other people I was with wouldn't let me and we waited until the 3rd inning before we finally got someone to bring us a check and then take payment.I won't be going back again. I won't be recommending it to friends.
2	It actually pains me to give this place only two stars, but my experience was very lackluster during my recent visit.Service:We had a large group that they weren't expecting.  Ok, we get that.  However, my friend tried for a week leading to our gathering to contact the Beer Market to ask about accommodating a group and reserving tables.  No answer, no message, no online web form, basically - no way to contact them.  So we went early to grab some tables.  The wait staff said, "no problem, glad to have you."  But they (two girls who were sisters) quickly mixed up orders, didn't bring drinks out, went missing for extending periods of time (only to come back from an obvious smoke break), and were unreliable.  Our group could really only succeed in getting a drink by going up to the bar and ordering one on their own.Availability:So there is about a 20 page menu of glorious beers at the Beer Market.  Almost any thing you can think of they have it ON THE MENU.  Yes, on the menu, but not in reality.  I kid you not that my friend went through FIVE DIFFERENT OPTIONS before they actually had one in stock that she wanted.  If you don't have it available, take it off the menu.  One or two, ok, but FIVE in a ROW, I don't think so.  And this happened over and over again as the night went on.Will I be back?  Likely because it is a big open place where you can order take out and sit around with your friends and hopefully order a hard to find beer.  Location, next to PNC Park, also makes it a draw.  But I won't be back soon.  I have to wait until I forget a little about the lousy service.
4	A nice, big open room with zillions of beers to try (at mostly reasonably prices) and friendly, quick service.  I was a little bummed at first that they didn't have a food menu, but I was definitely able to find something to drown my troubles in!
3	Pretty cool place to get a beer because they have alot of choices. I always go on non game days and get served pretty fast. The food concept is cool but sometimes it takes a long time to get the food.
5	This place is awesome!  I've been here several times now.  Most recently before Sunday's Pirates game. It's quickly becoming a favorite stop of mine on the North Shore.  I love the ambiance and the large variety of beers to sample.  There is a ton of seating... booths, bar tops, tables, indoor/outdoor options.  They have TVs on to watch sports and I've also been here when there's live music (stage for bands/performers).If you stop here before a sporting event be prepared to wait around 10 minutes for beer.  It will be crowded.  If you really think you'll find a place that close to the stadiums that won't be crowded... you're crazy. Tip 1: An intelligent drinker would order an extra drink if the place is crowded, so they didn't have to wait as long.Tip 2: Stop complaining.  It's a buzz-kill.Another great part of this establishment is that they allow you to bring in outside food, since they do not have food.  On one occasion we has a pizza delivered right to the bar and another we brought in take-out from one of the nearby restaurants.I personally have never had an issue with service.  I've also never been an impatient unrealistic patron.
4	Awesome beer selection! Both draft and bottle.  Great space for groups. Outdoor seating in the summer & cozy fire in the winter  .  Great for groups! Live music most nights.  Bring your own food! It is awesome!
3	A group of friends and I had about an hour to kill before we had to be at an event. We wanted to sit outside and saw there were many people sitting outside at The Beer Market so figured it was somewhere to be. We went in and had to find a server to see if we could sit outside. She said that it was self seating and we could sit anywhere. We proceeded to the table outside and she brought us menus. She explained that they have a large selection of beer and no kitchen, but that you could bring your own food, which was a really cool concept. My friends were beer drinkers but I am not so they do have a limited selection of wine which was great. Our two friends joined us shortly after we were seated and we had to flag down a server to get them drinks. After sitting there for a good while a different server came over to check on us, which was confusing because our original server continuously checked on the table next to us. After sitting there even longer, we all had finished our drinks and no one came over. We had to find our server again to close our tab. We weren't high maintenance customers, but did expect more attention since they are only serving beer. We assumed our server didn't pay attention to us because we weren't ordering as much as the table next to us, but there's no excuse for poor service. Cool concept, but many other places around with better service to go to.
5	Went here before a Pirates game and based on the other reviews I was expecting service to be bad, but it was anything but!  The selection was awesome and a bit overwhelming - I got to try some interesting beers.  One was called Hercules, which definitely has a "punch" to it, so beware.  I liked the hoppiness but didn't realize the alcohol content was at 10%.  I got one of my favorite beers - Wells Banana Bread Beer which was delish as always.  And got to try the Summer Love which had an initial floral/ctirus taste to it followied by some hoppin hops.  Our waitress was extremely attentive and we were even sitting outside.  She kept checking on us and when we asked for another beer they were there within minutes (maybe even seconds)!  I'd definitely go back here!
4	If your looking for beer this is the place to go. No food, but they have a list of places that deliver there. Love the Summer Solstice beer.
4	Came to this place during a Pirates game and it was quite empty but once the game ended the seats were quickly filled. The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the large selection of beer through the glass windows. It may seem confusing to know which type to beer to order but their menu is so helpful! They have a LARGE selection of draft beers on the first page, then the beers are listed by type or even alphabetical, It was not only fun to trying the variety of beers but also learning what types they were. This is great place to find what type of beer you like. I really enjoyed the Great Lakes Eliot Ness it was a well rounded beer with lots of flavor and just enough hops. It was recommended by my waitress who helped me pick it after listening to what kind i was looking for ( not too dark or bitter.) She was a great server who was extremely attentive, helpful, and on time. I heard this place was a BYOF- Bring your own food. We had dinner before coming here but I think other people should know that they do not serve food. Next time, I would definitely come back with snacks!
3	I admittedly have mixed feelings about The Beer Market. I love the concept. I love their menu. But in practice...I have a hard time fully loving the actual Beer Market.The beer part they have down pat. After browsing through their enormous menu during my last visit I ordered a mixed beer that combined a draft beer (Can't remember which) and raspberry ale. It was a heavenly mix, I won't lie. So, seriously, if you like beer, you need to go here, and even if you don't like beer mixes like the one I got are fruity and sweet enough that you'll probably enjoy them regardless. The service, well, my experience wasn't totally awful but it wasn't exactly quick, either. If they only have one or two bartenders on staff, it's really hard to get your order. I had to pace along the bar a couple times before I could get them to notice me and it wasn't even particularly crowded when I went. Don't get me wrong, the staff were very nice once I actually got their attention - but given just how massive the bar area they're serving behind really is, it's the getting their attention part that you might have problems with.Would I come here again? It depends. The Beer Market is great for large groups or friends meeting up and interacting in a casual environment after work, but it's not so great if you're looking for food to go with your beer, especially given the availability or lack thereof of options for meals-to-go in this particular area. I do want to come back, though, so hey, they must be doing something right!
5	I brought my dad to Pittsburgh for his birthday to see Manchester City play AC Milan. Our hotel was quite close to both stadiums, so we decided to take a walk after we checked in. We happened upon the Beer Market completely by chance and decided to stop for a beer. This was at 3 PM. We walked out at 10:30 PM.The first thing you notice is the fact that they have 550 beers, 50 of which are on tap. The draft list is a great mix of local beers, other craft domestics and imports. The variety of beer styles is also impressive. After the first couple beers started going to our heads, we thought it might be a good idea to eat something. We quickly found out they don't serve food, but our waiter gave us a few menus of nearby places that deliver. Within 20 minutes we had a pizza from Giovanni's, which is now in my top 5 of all-time pizzas (try the Mediterranean). So much happened over the course of 7+ hours, that I don't want to get into all of it, but among the things that I really appreciated was how a few of the servers doted over my dad when they found out we were there for his 70th. It was Christmas in July, and they made sure we ordered a Christmas beer so that we'd get a gift bag (which had 5 beers, a glass, a couple tee shirts and other trinkets). We had so much fun that we went back on Sunday night just to have a beer and say goodbye to all those who took such good care of us on Friday. Thanks to Ashley and all the crew!
4	This is a bar right across the street from PNC Park, which serves a lot of beer, some wine, and no food. Well, I suppose you could get some delivered, but you know what I mean. And I also believe that if you beg hard enough, they'd sell you a small bottle of water for $5 or so. Sarcasm aside, you should be able to find any kind of ale which meets your heart's desire, or it probably isn't good anyway. I had some Czech beer with 11.0% alcohol content, which loosened my tongue enough to strike up a conversation with the table of hipster bankers which was sitting next to us. So, if you want to get beered and/or wined up with the sound of the home crowd only a few hundred feet away, this is the place.
5	One of the best beer selections in Pittsburgh. They have pages and pages of bottles categorized by type but also listing descriptions, alc. content and brewery. The Imperial IPA (draft, great tap selection too) I had was Dorado from a brewery in San Diego that I've never seen offered here before. The bartender was really attentive and nice to talk to. You can buy six packs and get 20% off of any 4 bottles or more that you take home. Lots of seating but I really liked sitting at the bar due to ample space and clear sight lines to the fridge bottles (labeled by country), taps and TVs. Also has an open window in the front.
4	A beer lover's paradise! I had been to the one in Cleveland many times before so i knew what to expect. In case this is your first time here....FYI they do not serve food (this caused the table next to us to vacate in favor of a restaurant) HOWEVER you can order in food (a unique concept) from surrounding restaurants to be delivered to you. I have never tried that but it seems like a good option if you're hungry and you want to stay at the beer market for their wide selection of beverages. I'd highly recommend at least popping in, if not staying for a few rounds, the next time you are on the north shore.
5	This place is cool! If they don't have the beer you want, the staff can steer you towards something similar. Great beer menu, and so organized! Plus, it's right across the street from the ball stadium!!
4	You can't buy liquor, you can't buy food but you can certainly buy BEER!  This place has the best selection. Every time I've been here I've had something different. The atmosphere is great!  Thus is a great place to have a happy hour and order some pizza delivery. Awesome place to hang before a Pirates or Steelers game.  I love this place.
1	Don't bother going here during a game.  Under staffed. Stood at the bar for 20 minutes and was totally ignored.  People trying to order draft beer that was out of supply.  4 bartenders during a Pitt and Pirates game as well as ribfest. Reading the reviews it is obvious that the owners of this place are either totally clueless or couldn't give a crap about losing customers.
5	The Beer Market is great! I went with a few friends before a Pirates game! The bar is seat yourself and just try to flag a server down to get your drinks! For how crowded it was the service was great!! The beer list is amazing. The drink menu is a full of over 100s of different types of beer! The selection was awesome! The beer ranges in price but all of the kinds I tried were $5 each! Not too bad!!They don't serve food here but the cool part is that they have menus to all of the local food places around and you can have the surrounding restaurants deliver to your table!I would definitely recommend the Beer Market if you like beer!
5	Very nice place just beer but they have menus from places that will deliver food there for you ....but so many beers to try you can't go wrong .... Me and my wife stopped in there for beers Saturday sept 27th for a few beers .... Waiter was very knowledgable about different beers .... A lot of new beers or seasonal they were out of. It the waiter suggested others to enjoy and was very good ..... Enjoyed our time there having a few beers .... Suggest if your looking for that variety of different beers to try ... To go hereThe waiter's name was Travis very knowledgable on the beers they serve was glad had him serving us
4	Beer selection was great including both draft and bottle favorites of mine DVD new ones to try also. Location is close to lots if other attractions. Very walkable neighborhood. Friendly knowledgeable staff. Had live music also on my Friday night visit.
3	Great selection and friendly bartender but lighting and crowd draw leave something to be desired.
5	I love this place it is awesome amazing you have to come here I'll think about it be about it
