1	No stars at this place due to:2.25 hour waiting room wait for daughter's appointment.Had to leave before getting a referral to a specialist but office staff said they would get us the referral info.Bathroom so nasty I requested Lysol spray.Waited 3 weeks for a referral.Had teen daughter call to get the referral... She was disconnected on 3 times. 4 th call they said they would call me on my cell with referral info.No call... so I called and asked for the supervisor to call me due to above reasons.After two days no call.Had daughter call... Hung up on after 10 min hold.She called back and was told the referral person was gone for the day.I called back..asked for supervisor... On hold 4 different times total of 30 min.And you guessed it... Disconnected phone.Stay tuned.
1	If I can give 0 stars I would. This place has no organization. The wait time is always if not longer 2-4 hours dr. Flanagan is really nice but the hens that work there either need to work or lay that egg  cause the wait is very, very bad. Will be definitely changing centers ASAP
1	Horrible service!!! Why even have an appointment if you are not going to be seen for HOURS after?! This is absolutely ridiculous!  Just because I don't have the best insurance,  doesn't mean I deserve to sit around for hours! I WILL be finding another doctor TODAY! Anything is better than this!!!
1	Need I say more come prepared to wait 4+ hours. It was horrible. The office is so small and congested it is really uncomfortable. I seemingly believe that the larger the name of the business the more the service lacks, in this instance this is very true. I waited for hours and gave up. My sons father ended up staying for another 4.The service is so laughable. There is no sense of organization in here.I would recommend you find a small doctors office instead of this place.
1	This place is HORRIBLE !!!! 0 starts !!!!! Wait time is ridiculous there's no point in having an appointment if you get called hrs later.I really don't get why they're still In business its a total waste of your day. I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TOTAL DISREGARD FOR PATIENTS TIME !!!
