2	This Whole Foods is a lipstick-on-a-pig operation. (Lipstick: Whole Foods logo. Pig: Wild Oats carcass). It is like the ugly step-sister of WFs. A laughable deli/salad bar. (No organization...no selection...no ability to pay at the coffee juice bar. Say wha?! You have a register right there!) Small selection in every department. Almost okay bulk and produce, but good ol' ridiculous prices.The one up? Not a crowded demo-derby like most whole foods...wonder why??
2	This location doesn't deserve the logo - the selection is minimal compared to the location on Scottsdale/Mayo, especially for beer.  And if you have questions about the beer selection (such as whether or not they will get in a new beer that is already on the shelf at other WF locations, they don't know).Only plus I can think of is that this one is never busy when I swing by, so there's almost never a wait at the checkout.
4	I had to get a few produce items that I knew I'd find at Whole Foods!  They had great organic arugula, beautiful beets with greens and the new, hot, hard to find Honey Crisp Apples that were amazing!The store was clean, organized and ths staff was friendly.  I really don't understand the bad rap.  I even visited the ladies room and it was clean and smelled good (rarity!)
2	Great staff but disappointing selection -- from the hot case to the salad bar.  They said the store is in transition and small compared to WF's but they do little with what they have.  Probably won't go back and instead go to AJ's on Thompson Peak/FLW
2	I always go here to this WF location after visiting my ortho doc .. I always know that I can find good berries.. items not found anywhere else. Clean store.. great cheeses. And usually a great dessert selection.. the last time I was there.. I left with a $20 dessert for a surprise dinner for my fiances return home from a long week of traveling.. and get home to realize they gave me the wrong dessert!! I decided to suck it up.. but it was dry.. tasted old.. and then I considered how on crutches, post surgical by 2 weeks.. (aka pain!!).. that i waited as the ONE deli/dessert/coffee bar boy took everyone in front of me.. that came after me !! I called the manager.. and to their credit.. he said hed credit me the next time in.. Annoying..but he made good on that.. However, Im not so keen on this particular WF. Room for definate improvement.
1	Love Whole Foods just not the Raintree location. They don't stock fresh tuna. I had to go to the Scottsdale/Mayo location last time I prepared my favorite Food Network recipe. The chocolate is old and stale. The sushi tastes extremely fishy. I don't expect top notch sushi at a supermarket but  the two Philadelphia rolls I picked up for dinner last time were repulsive. If you live in the 85260 its worth the drive to use the Scottsdale/Mayo location instead.
2	Checked out this Whole Foods for the first time yesterday and we were very disappointed. Much smaller than other Whole Foods locations we've been to, less selection and pretty expensive (although most Whole Foods are expensive). I definitely won't be making any more special trips to this location.
3	2.5 stars.Stopped by tonight after having dinner at a pizzeria nearby.  Never been, but had prepared myself to expect a smaller location compared to that at Ray Rd. and the 101 (my fave!).  Was surprised to notice an unpleasant smell (akin to what Asian supermarkets tend to smell like with their stocks of rice and the odors that emanate from their meat shops) just as I entered the market, which continued as I entered the produce department.  This place is small!  The "olive bar" consisted of maybe 8 (max) containers the size of small bread loaves.  Pathetic, but what can you expect from a converted Wild Oats?  The selection of meats looked fresh, though (beef top loin is on sale at $5.99/lb., while center-cut pork chops are $2.99/lb!).  While the cheese counter is small, it did showcase fresh-looking items, and the whole store, in general, looked clean and was brightly-lit.  I couldn't find my favorite Wellshire bacon (peppered uncured), but I was able to find the only tasty whole-grain whole wheat bread I can enjoy w/o pain (Natural Bread Co.'s Honey Whole Wheat), albeit there was only one loaf available to buy!  And I quickly had a glimpse of their bulk section... Thank God I was full, or I'd have stopped for some sweets!In a pinch, I'd stop here for emergency re-stocking, but I'll probably head over to the Tatum/Shea or Mayo locations (both of which I haven't visited, yet!) to get my dining-at-Whole Foods fix!
4	I really like this Whole Foods store, it's much nicer then some of their other stores and just the right size for our needs!The one thing it is not one is one of those mega-stores where Whole Foods is trying to cram every conceivable item, from clothing, to housewares, to a mini book store, and even has a Starbucks wannabe cafe.  Ggggr!Sometimes I just want to go grocery shopping and not get a mind meld in the process.   Don't get me wrong, I want to buy some healthy food, hormone free beef or free-range  chicken, milk, etc This sounds more angrier than I would like it be, but I am tired of all the Death Star imagery accorded this former Wild Oats store. Thank you Whole Foods for understanding you don't need a big box foot print with every location .   This is a good location, with some really nice employees who go out of their way to be helpful!WOW!
3	Good selection of items.  Of course the prices are a little high.  Watch out because not all the produce is organic.
4	Late last night, I read that it was Food Truck Day @ WF Raintree today, so I made sure to work up an appetite before driving the mile or so to check it out.  The line-up consisted of Jamburritos, vegetarian Beet StrEat, La Carte Blanche Gourmet Tacos, Short Leash Hotdogs, Sweet Republic, & Torched Goodness.   (Phoenix Cheesesteak Co. was MIA.)  Thinking it was fate that I was supposed to try my very first Short Leash meal today after having missed out on yesterday's pop-up, I sought the truck out to place my order, only to find that there was a line of about eight people.  If it weren't 100 degrees out there, I wouldn't have minded waiting; Instead, I went to next-door neighbor La Carte, which just cleared its latest customer just as I approached.  Delighted that I could mix-and-match two for $7, or get one for $4, I chose the Pork carnitas with sweet potato-pineapple relish & the Steak taco with arugula, pine nuts, and avocado salsa, hold the pine nuts & avocado (allergies).  I'd asked the affable male cashier if the preparation would take five minutes or so, and he said "Not even that... more like two minutes."  I backed up a few steps to study SL's menu again to while away some time, only to have the kind man sneak up next to me and say "I lied... forty seconds," while handing over the filled flour tacos.  I was thankful to find a clean, empty table about four feet away to eat my treasures as I watched the line @ Short Leash lengthen (with people unhappy of the heat).  I enjoyed both tacos very much, thank you; I couldn't pick a favorite, as both differed in a variety of ways: the pork was shredded, thus almost melt-in-your-mouth tender, while the steak was chunky, requiring more chewing action- a good thing!  The pork was sweet due to the relish, while the steak had an acidic quality to it, and both had a little kick from a few spices.  (After a minute or two of dining under a tent outdoors, I headed into Whole Foods to cool off & found a little area cleared for attendees of the event- nice!)After a few minutes, I was ready to brave the heat in search of sweets, so I walked out of WF, headed straight to Sweet Republic and said hello to Jan, who recalled that I was allergic to corn and steered me away from the sorbets (which contain corn syrup).  After letting me sample the Blueberry-pomegranate (frozen yogurt), Medjool date, Madagascar vanilla, & Honey-lavender ice creams (all delightful!), I ordered a double-scoop of Honey-lavender & Belgian chocolate, $4.75.  (I wanted two of the four I'd sampled, but Jan recommended the chocolate pairing.)I hope to find more food truck events here... lunch was delicious, and so much fun!
4	I popped into this Whole Foods the other night when I was in search of some craft beer, some fantastic food and some handmade soap. Normal shopping list right?I used to visit this store quite often but for some reason it fell off my list of preferred grocers over the past 3-4 months. I will never again deprive myself of WF!It's a tad out of my way, but I am willing to make a sacrifice for a store I like. Side note....WF, please open a store closer to Old Town Scottsdale. kthxThis store is laid out beautifully. The cheese section is perfect! A nice selection of product, and the sample stations are always clean.The beer section is PERFECT! I was able to find a few different Stone brews. There is also a giant section of local brews from SanTan, Papago and some others. Plenty of Belgians too!There is a tasting room in the far back, and they will have nice wine and beer events there.The staff is friendly, and just as helpful as I remember during my past visits. They ask if you need help, but only if it looks like you are in search of something. They don't stalk you and interrupt your shopping experience. This is key for me, because I like to shop with an open mind and try not to work off a list. The handmade soaps are nice. They have a nice selection. So many different flavors (scents), and they are sure to make a nice addition to your collection....assuming you are into hygiene like I am.I will be back, and much more often.
3	Not the best whole foods i have ever been to because the layout is a little funky and I hate that bombed out minimall zone on Raintree, but I am a recent convert to the Whole 'price' Foods scene... I'll tell you what, I find that it is WORTH THE MONEY to get fresh ingredients and healthy alternatives than to go to Safeway or Albertsons and get crap that rots in my fridge. At least this way they actually get used. I actually now find myself cooking (and enjoying it), which says alot, because i am a lazy p.o.s... Also, the precooked stuff is really good and makes cooking for 1 so much easier...Also, this whole "Fry's has the best pre-cooked chicken" thing = BS... get one of those pre-cooked chickens at Whole Foods and it blows that Fry's shit out the freaking water.... albeit more expensive, but a whole chicken for 4.99 at fry's seems suspiciously cheap anyways...Things you MUST get at Whole Foods that you can't find many other places:-- Havea Corn Chips, if you havent found out about these yet, GET ON IT--ONE coconut water... Great tasting, Healthy, alternative to other sugary     drinks or soda--As mention above, pre-cooked chicken... wow--Pre-marinated Satay's/Kabobs at the meat counter (15 min BBQ awesomeness)
3	This is the worst Whole Foods I have ever been to. This location is decorated more like a warehouse than an upscale market, and the selection seems to be lacking verses other stores I've visited in the past. If you live in this part of town just go to AJ's.
5	Much smaller than the Whole Foods a bit further up north off Scottsdale Rd and Mayo...so a slightly smaller selection overall, and a much smaller selection of freshly-prepared foods.  BUT that means a fraction of the customers at the other location, easy up front parking, great service and NO lines at the cashiers!Dionne at the cheese counter is especially wonderful!  They have a nice selection of sampler cheeses if you will (my term, not theirs) of smaller hunks for sampling.  Plus, if you want to try something new, Dionne will not only slice up whatever you like, but suggest others for you!  Felt like a kid in a candy store...only with delicious cheeses!Here's hoping the Raintree location is able to stay open.
3	Okay, this store was very clean and staff welcomed me about every three feet!  So customer service wise they are pretty good.  However they basically carry the same stuff as Sprouts but their produce is wickedly more expensive.  I bought NO produce at all there.  I shopped with a living social deal and their own coupons and did pretty well considering.  I might go back if I get another deal coupon but until then I'll stick with Sprouts!
4	The theme behind Whole Foods is highly appealing to me. They promote and offer foods that are organic, unprocessed, and local, which defies the common grocery offerings that are so prevalent in practically every other grocery store around the valley. At this location, you'll find fresh produce and meats alongside a multitude of products that are atypical and are produced by food manufacturers not as well known as Kellog's, Coca Cola, Frito Lay, Nabisco, etc. I especially love how this location offers samples of certain products on the weekends, which I thoroughly take advantage of. This usually leads me to finding new favorites that only lead me to come back for more. A few recent winners in the past few months that I've come to love are dates, which are locally grown and are among the most amazing things I have ever tasted; freshly baked breads, which pleasantly surprises me that bread could actually be the highlight or a main ingredient to a meal and not just a complement to lay your food on; and mango lemon juice freshly made within the store and SOOOOOOO refreshing.Whole Foods is without a doubt one of my favorite places to visit. On the flip-side of things is not that far from here is a much larger Whole Foods Market located at 7000 E Mayo Blvd near the intersection of Scottsdale Rd and the 101 Freeway. By contrast, Whole Foods on Raintree is far smaller; thus, offering a smaller selection to choose from. As a result, I find myself visiting this Whole Foods when I need something quick to pick up. Whereas, I visit Whole Foods further north to sit down and eat or take my time roaming the aisles taking in the whole experience of food. It can also be challenging at times to gain assistance from the cooks behind the counter as there can be few of them assisting other customers.
3	I was looking for certain vitamins and the staff was helpful in getting me what I needed.  The place is pretty large and I like how everything is labeled very nicely so you can find what you're looking for.There were no real lines at the cashiers when I went, which was about 4pm on a Thursday.I felt bad for the cashier... this was in December that I went and the lady in front of me was pretty cranky and just plain rude, so I gave him a smile and he was just so thrilled that someone just smiled at him that he said "I wish more people would go thru here smiling".  How sad... but I'm glad I helped him feel better.
4	This review was posted over a year ago, however, it was removed by Yelp HQ only last week.I'm reposting it after making some minor modifications, mainly since the response and comments were so positive.... by everyone except Yelp HQ.Whole Foods Market.Ladies, you're young and vibrant...today. But as the years drag on, you notice changes. Subtle changes, such as:*crow's feet*saddlebags*sagging butt and or tits, *and orange skin from all the tanning products, your complexion now resembling that Louie V handbag you've been toting your Shitzadoodle around in.You've got a choice to make.Spend all your money now on organic, free range shit, this in an effort to remain healthy looking, or, shop for a lot of the same stuff at Costco, where you can load up, get twice your money's worth, and have a shitload of cardboard boxes you won't have a clue what to do with. But the real bonus will be how in only a few short years, you'll have saved enough money for a good plastic surgeon, which you're going to need anyway if you have any plans to remain living in Scottsdale for any length of time.My opinion?I highly recommend the latter and here's why.Scottsdale has a serious shortage of fish-lipped women with feline looking facial features, who routinely wear yoga pants telegraphing their hiked-up thongs. Poor thong....how sad that your fate...to be cast to a fifty-something, saggy-butt host.Ladies, is that what you want?To idly standby, watching, as the ranks of this bass-cat looking oddity dwindle in population?I didn't think so.The choice is yours.Beautiful and broke from shopping at Whole Foods today.Or, aging not so gracefully with the help of medical science, an overzealous plastic surgeon, and Victoria's Secret, which I assure you with one of her thongs in yoga pants will be anything but. A lot of good all that free range organic crap did. If you do come here, try the hot deli, where you can get every kind of ethnic food, save for Ethiopian. It helps after a late night at work, on your way home, when you don't feel like eating fast food. They also have a taco and pizza bar, fresh bakery, and a smoked meats section where you can get some of the worst barbecue and smoked meats I've ever tasted. The only thing I'll recommend in this place other than the hot deli, is the chocolate and coffee bar, which seems to have a ton of delights that are supposedly good for you. I doubt it.
4	This Whole Foods is larger than most I've been in. Friendly staff & a great gluten-free section if you're in need of those hard-to-find products. Went at prime shopping time & it wasn't busy at all.
3	When I visit Whole Foods Raintree, I am doing one of three things:  I either am here1.  For my staples: Bread Basket Honey Wheat bread, 365-brand Organic Creamy Almond Butter (if only WF stocked the crunchy version!), organic eggs, and organic bananas.  Once in awhile, I buy organic dark chocolate (with or without organic almonds!). 2.  To empty out my recyclable containers, since the apartment complex I live in DOES NOT participate in a recycling program.  (Strange, since a sister complex just one mile north DOES.)  OR3.  To check out the food trucks.  I do this very rarely since it's an every third-Thursday-of-the-month kind of deal, and I'm really not a food truck sort of person, unless we're talking about a certain French creperie food truck that served The Brittany and a cup of hot chocolate.  :))I "unfortunately" have to add a fourth reason why I shop here, and it's because I've found ORGANIC Three Twins ice cream Madagascar Vanilla!  It contains six ingredients: milk, cream, evaporated cane juice, egg yolks, nonfat milk, and vanilla extract.  That's it.  All organic, no flavorings (natural or artificial), or added thickeners/gums, such as guar, xanthan, carob, tara, etc.  If I need anything else, say a larger selection of organic fruits/veggies, my favorite organic almond butter brand Sattva Artisana, fresher Bread Basket Honey Wheat loaves, or Three Twins organic Bittersweet Chocolate ice cream, I travel further north to the WF on Mayo Blvd, just off of Scottsdale Rd and the 101.  FYI, this Raintree location will be moving in about a year's time to a location on Camelback Rd, or so a not-so-little-birdie told me...
4	A smaller and older location than your typical WFM but still great selection and people.  I would say the only thing is some of the quantities and selection is not as vast as the other locations, which kind of a bummer since this was is spitting distance from my house.  People are always super nice in the store.
5	We love Whole Foods; great food, lots of fresh, organic options. The people here are usually very friendly and helpful. The location is very convenient, right off the freeway and just minutes from our home. It's so great that organic/natural foods are becoming more the norm and not the exception
4	This is the first Whole Foods I'd ever actually shopped at. Granted, I don't do my "staples" shopping here, but for the occasional needs it's a quick and easy stop. Plus, the 365 brand (the Whole Food's brand) is relatively inexpensive and delicious. I like that it's close to work, but unfortunately they don't open until 8am. Which is a bummer because I love their pineapple, mango, banana, coconut water, and spinach smoothies for breakfast! Also, on Wednesdays, the hot foods are $5.99/lb, which is a good deal for breakfast foods or lunch. The store is clean and well laid out. The location is great and I especially love Food Truck Thursdays! Every third Thursday of the month, a group of food trucks descend upon the parking lot and serve up delicious eats and treats. I love it!
1	Twelve minutes after starting to make my burrito, the lady behind the counter still was unable to complete the process and I stormed out of another place as usual. Pretty simple task making a burrito with grilled veggies, but she chooses to warm my tortilla (spinach turned out to be a bad choice)and first she loads up the rice and beans on the warm tortilla and then proceeds to just let it sit there. Next, it's another 7 minutes for her to grill the veggies while the rest of the stuff just sits there. Finally, she completes the process and then is unable to roll the burrito because it breaks apart and stuff starts falling out. Next, she decides to double roll the thing, but has to make a 5 minute roadtrip to find new spinach tortillas. She returns and is unable to separate the tortiilas that were inside the bag (read stale) and starts to try to massage the original burrito back into fitting everything inside. This is where I exited stage left, dropped all the other overpriced crap in my basket and took the express road the hell out of Scottsdale and burrito hell.
3	The organic banana shelves were full today- woohoo!  So were the shelves of Bread Basket loaves, but what's going on with their stock, or lack thereof, of 365 brand Organic Roasted Almond Butter?  Looked like all the other brands were well-represented, and then... 1/8 of the shelves was completely empty.  I thought I'd have to either go to the location on Mayo, or, better yet, to the one on Ray and 101 on my way to an event in Tempe tonight, but first let me make a call and see if that location is not completely sold out, as well.  Guess what?  It's out of the 365 brand, too.  I was told either there's something going on with the supplier, or with the almonds themselves.  Guess I'll have to pay $4 more for Maranatha Organic RAW Almond Butter, which I'm not too keen on- it's too runny and not flavorful enough for me.p.s.  This location is moving to Camelback Rd. this September.
2	If I ever have enough disposal income that I feel the desire to spend $5 on a 6oz container of raspberries, I know that Whole Foods can help me achieve that goal. In the meantime I'll continue to shop at Trader Joe's.
4	Good place to get your "organic" on.  Things can be a little spendy but you get what you pay for!!
4	After a short flight from Seattle, but arriving at Sky Harbor in 103 degrees, all we really wanted to do was grab something light and healthy to eat at our resort.  A very nearby Whole Foods was just what the doctor ordered.  What a selection!  I liked this one better than the one in Bellevue and Redmond.  My wife was thrilled at the healthy options.  Went back the next morning to grab some breakfast and healthy snacks for the road trip up to the Grand Canyon and Sedona.
4	This review is purely on the salad bar. I don't shop here on a regular basis.The salad bar is awesome. It can get a bit pricey but in an area that's filled with strip malls and a lot of commercial restaurants, this is a great refreshing, HEALTHY lunch to fall back on. They have a ton of great choices for your salad and I am one of those people that the more on my salad, the better.I didn't like their roasted chicken at all. I found it bland and at times dry so I ended up picking that out of the salad but eating everything else and being happy with it. The salad cost me $10 and was really big and stuffed the the brim - literally - I couldn't even close my lid when I went to pay.I will definitely be returning just for the salad bar and keeping my regular shopping elsewhere.
5	I thought I'd update my reviews here by mentioning that there will be an ice cream social event on Saturday, July 27th, from 2p to 5p, or so an e-newsletter informed me this morning!  I clicked on the Facebook link https://www.facebook.com/wholefoodsto get more information, which led me to a WF website link that stated "all Whole Foods" will be participating.  I wish I could go, because not only will WF have their own brand of ice cream on-hand, but one of my favorite organic brands, Three Twins, is going to be featured, and both email and website state that for every Three Twins purchase made, one dollar will be donated to the Non-GMO Project!  To find out more this organization, please visit http://nongmoproject.com.The website mentioned all WF stores are participating, but that "some stores might have sweet concoctions up their sleeve like sundaes, shakes, floats and malts and many are planning fun events for kids and adults alike..."  Wish I could attend the event myself, but I'll be at work, so for those of you planning to attend, just have an extra tablespoon of ice cream for me!  :)Read more about the event here http://wholefoodsmarket.com/blog/youre-cordially-invited-ice-cream-social-july-27?sf15241907=1
4	My local Whole Foods in California is an absolute nightmare most of the time! It is always crowded and impossible to get in and out in under 30minutes. Imagine my surprise when I walk into Whole Foods in Scottsdale and it is a ghost town. I admit I did a happy dance when I realized I didn't have to play bumper carts in the produce section.  As I made my way through the store my mouth hit the ground when I discovered the Raw Juice Bar which my local store did not have at the time. As a juicing fanatic I was on cloud nine. The combinations of fruits and veggies at the bar are exactly what I make at home, and since I was traveling I did not have to endure separation anxiety from my juicer. The only downfall was they did not have a few on the grocery items I needed. I am so jealous this is not my local Whole Foods!
4	Nice Whole Foods... Clean.. Well staffed...We stopped in to pick up a few items while staying in Scottsdale.They have a great selection of draft beers.... Plenty of food for lunch...
