4	NOTE: This review is for the West View location.Long day at work + poor planning = not having eaten for 10 hours and having nothing in the house suitable for Lent. Enter Mandy's Pizza, whose ad I spotted on the back of the Pennysaver. Their menu kind of cracked me up so I decided to give them a try (although I wish they delivered ice cream from West View).The guy who answered the phone and took my order was SUPER competent (asked for my card number, got my address and helped me give him directions to it, etc.) and also really, really polite. I noted I was new to this area of town and he said "Welcome to the neighborhood!" Maybe I had too long a day at work, but I thought that was swell.Delivery was fast (on a Friday night!) -- just half an hour from the time I ordered. Unfortunately, I ordered a 2L and only got a cup of pop, alas. The Buffalo Fries are great, but I must admit I was overwhelmed by the sheer size of them. There has to be 5lb of fries and cheese in here. The Buffalo wing flavor is quite strong, and next time I might ask for plain fries or half and half. Though, if I were drunk, they would have been A+ #1, so keep that in mind.I also got a fish hoagie. The bread was excellent, the toppings were good, and the fish itself was cooked just about perfectly. Not at all dry, although it could use a bit of salt.Mandy's also offers a GF pizza (?!) and accommodates allergy requests, which is pretty rare. Given the friendliness of the man who answered the phone, I would trust them to do their best to make an order properly for someone with food allergies.The portions were HUGE, the prices are really great (even compared to other local pizza places), fast delivery, friendly employees... yeah, I'll be ordering again.UPDATE 4/12: I've since ordered from Mandy's many, many times, and I think their telephone service is probably the best I've ever run into with delivery places. My roommates are converts now, too. Other dishes:Honey Habanero chicken pizza is on FIRE. In a bad way. My stomach started to hurt after I ate one piece; it's not so much the sauce as it is the pound or so of jalapenos on top. Fairly tasty, though.Wings are meh. I'm really picky about my wings, though, and I require them to be cooked crispy (basically, overcooked). These weren't, and were underseasoned (dry Cajun). Not my favorite, although they ARE huge and if you aren't as picky as I am I bet they're good.Cod fish hoagie platter is a great deal; you get the hoagie plus fries and coleslaw at a good price. It was still big enough to be two meals for me.
2	Local pizza joint across from Oliver High School. I would say it depends on your taste, not my first choice of pizza in Pittsburgh. Adequate? Yes
1	No one in my entire household will eat at Mandys. The only good thing about this restuarant is that they have an atm machine inside. Mandy's advertises "The biggest Wings in the Burgh" Okay that exclamation is gross.  I tried to like Mandy's because it's three doors up from my house, but I can't.  The biggest wings in the burgh or undercooked and bloody around the bone. They have shady people in there all hours of the day. The cheese and sauce they use on their pizzas is completely tasteless and flavorless.  I did have some luck with their spicey fries. However fries alone are not enough to make me like a place
1	Back when I was a kid, Mandy's was the best. Everything was delicious, pizza, hoagies, and the massive super steak. Now it just plain stinks. The service sucks, the food sucks, the prices suck. The owner must be running a halfway house upstairs and using the parolees as workers because they all look fresh from prison. Most look as if they haven't seen soap in a month. These are the people touching your food. On top of that they have a severe attitude problem. They act like they're doing you a favor for selling you a pizza. I miss the Mandy's I used to know and I wish this place would change their name so I didn't feel compelled by nostalgia to eat there.
2	Poker machine gambling hole. These bums dont pay state local or federal wage taxes.
1	After getting an advert in the mail touting an extensive gluten free menu, I was pretty pumped to try this place out the next time I got a craving for pizza (which is never!). I called the location that has the GF menu and was told that they don't deliver to my area and that i'd have to call the North Side location. I'm not driving anywhere when I want pizza (it's a lazy night in/delivery kind of thing for me), so no gluten free for me. Sorry, stomach. Both locations I called had terrible phone service. I was given a turnaround time of an hour, and much to my surprise, it arrived after 30 minutes. I ended up pretty dissatisfied though. I ordered a buffalo wing pizza which tasted like greasy bread. They just threw slices of breaded chicken on top and a few sprinkles of buffalo sauce under the cheese. They also failed to include the ranch dressing(s!) that the pizza was supposed to come with. Getting a whiff of ranch dressing was what made me crave pizza in the first place, ha. I ordered spicy citrus wings as well and they just tasted like... kind of spicy fried food. I'm bummed that the one time a year I eat pizza was such a letdown. I had high hopes for you Mandy's!
4	I'm surprised at all the haters here...... I love this place.  It's not five star dining for sure, but the pizza is awesome and I have always gotten excellent service, nobody working there has ever been rude or looked dirty at all, just because people have tattoos doesn't make them dirty.  In fact the times my sons and I decide to eat there instead of taking pizza home, they've gone out of their way to make sure we had a good experience.  It's the best pizza around and the fries are great too.
1	Mandy's food is OK. The pizza is mediocre, often burnt,  but the sandwiches are very good. We moved to Observatory Hill about 18 months ago and we like to support local businesses. However, after 6 months of consistently terrible service we sadly had to find a new pizza place. Every single time I have called in an order I would be put on hold for several minutes right away. That is a long time to be on hold and I understand places get busy, but every time? To top it off the employees would often argue with me about my order "we would like a large pizza." Employee: "you mean a 16 inch?" Me: "I don't know, the menu I am using doesn't have the inches listed." Employee: "Well it's 16 inches." Another time I was asked what size fries I wanted. I told them I didn't order fries. They had so much trouble understanding that I had not ordered fries that it turned into a yelling match. Never before in my life have I felt so harassed trying to place an order.One time the delivery driver called my cell phone and hung up when I answered. I went outside and asked him why he just hung up. Driver : "I can't spare the minutes." This is the same driver who brings his dog in the car and when he isn't making deliveries the dog sits in his car all day in front of the pizza shop. What someone else said about the employees looking like parolees is definitely spot on. Some drivers will just call your cell and not even GET OUT OF THEIR CAR to deliver your order, instead waiting for you to come to the drivers window.On one occasion I went to pick up an order at the store and the counter near the door looked like the pick up area but it was actually at the other end of the counter. Therefore, I was simply ignored until I figured out I was standing at the wrong end. Then the employee tried to make me feel stupid by telling me "Yeah, I had no idea why you were standing there. No one has ever stood there before."Seriously?  It's just unbelievable how rude these people are. Check it out for yourself.
5	The lower reviews are so misleading! Me and my husband stopped by and we got pepperoni rolls and a grilled chicken sandwich. It was huge and very filling and tastes amazing!!! Loved it!! The ranch to dip the sandwich was soo tasty.
