3	You'd better like teriyaki sauce, because it's that or pretty much nothing on top of your bowl of rice, veggies, and meat, shrimp, or tofu.  If you're okay with the lack of much selection, and come here knowing what you're after, then you'll find some decent grub.   Really, I think they do have a choice of teriyaki, spicy teriyaki, or orange sauce--that's it.We went on a kick where this was a nice alternative to subs and burgers, but the novelty wore off quickly because my wife, daughter and I each only found one thing we'd always order, and once we got sick of that....I swear the portions have gotten skimpier across several visits over the past year or so.  They seem clean enough, and exhibit the standard minimal courteousness, but are a little slow.I can't figure out why teriyaki bowls have remained popular for the masses for so long.  They're usually sickly sweet and having everything dumped into a bowl and handed to me makes me feel like I'm eating out of a dog bowl.
4	Really good food that is fast and healthy.  I normally get the chicken, rice-less, with extra veggies and the spicy sauce.  The food is always hot and is just the right amount.  The people here are nice as well!  It is a great alternative!
4	There are three reasons I like Samurai Sam's: 1. Their teriyaki sauce 2. The low-cal options and the fact that I can chow down on an entire bowl of chicken, rice and veggies for four grams of fat3. The low-cal option for my fatty favorite, an egg roll -- four grams of fat.Yes this is a chain, but healthy chains get a star in my book so I'm giving to to Samurai Sam's. If there was only one closer to my home I would probably eat here way too much, but now I know that whenever I'm in the area, I will stop by and fill up on food that fills me without adding to the waistline. **** They also sell the teriyaki sauce.
4	This place is great. Good food for the price and everything is grilled. Nothing is fried or greasy. The low fat/low calorie food actually has a great flavor and their teriyaki sauce is the best ever. Had their chicken breast yakisoba bowl (wheat soba noodles, chicken breast, carrots and cabbage) minus a few veggies. Also had their grilled potstickers. Yum!Only downside is the chicken is a bit dry. They are fast, friendly and always have a smile. If you want good food without a lot of fat but need it fast, this is your place to go.
4	Try the grilled egg rolls!  They are amazing!
5	Great food. Clean. Top notch service. People are always friendly and seem happy to be there.
5	Nice big hello when you walk in!I had an irregular order and they fixed it quickly and well.It nice to be able to see my meal prepared, even if it's quick serve.It is about 'butt-cold degrees' outside and this place was warm and I was very comfortable.The prep-station was clean and it was kinda cool that the staff was singing (on key) and happy.If we play on this side of town again, I will ABSOLUTELY eat here again.
1	Overcooked rice, cold chicken. Do not recommend. When i approached cook would only microwave which in turn, dried out rest of food. Caveat emptor.
1	Chicken was dry, veggies & egg rolls were soggy. Go to the one on 67th, it's way better !
5	2nd time at this location and same girl working behind the counter and actually remembered my name! Very friendly service and good food too! Have not had a problem at all. Recommend this location.
4	Friendly staff, affordable food. The food is good but they give you lots of rice in the rice bowls (not a bad thing), the noodles are good as well. The eggrolls are a great add on as well as the pot stickers. If you want quick teriyaki style food I would recommend this place for sure!
5	Yum! Whenever I forget to pack a lunch, I always head to Samurai Sam's. They have quite a few options that include rice, noodles, etc. You can even have your lunch in a wrap. I always get the large riceless bowl with spicy teriyaki and a side of crab puffs (which are AMAZING!). Delicious, filling lunch for about 450 calories. I definitely recommend this Samurai Sam's location!
3	This is an alternative lunch spot for me when I want something different, but still quick and providing at least some vegetables.  It's fast food and the bulk of the flavor that'll stand out in any meal will likely come from the sauces you dump on your rice or noodles . . . still, this can be tasty and it is quick. I like the combo rice bowl with chicken and vegetables.  The steak's a bit on the rubbery side but it tastes fine for fast food.
4	Tried the grilled egg roll with a chicken dish. It wasn't bad at all. I really liked the passion fruit tea. The place looked a little dirty like a rush had just happened but wasn't busy when we walked in. Staff was nice. Would come here again.
3	Good food, nice choices, no online ordering which is a ding against it.  The place is clean but instead of smelling like the food they are cooking it does have a smell more like cleaning fluid.  I could not eat in the restaurant.  The staff is usually friendly but oftentimes you get an employee who doesn't seem to really care and shows it.
4	Very good teriyaki chicken bowl. The price is right and its a nice little spot if your looking for something quick and decent
