2	Line huge. Try other Pilot or travel center
4	Truck stop in north Vegas - Nuff said
5	Always specials on energy drinks. Clean restrooms. Easy access to quick travel food. Friendly staff
2	Pilot was suggested to me by a family member who love the rewards program.I have been there 4 times in the last 5 weeks and NO amount of savings are worth the crap experiences I have had.The service is hit or miss. The prices are no better than either of the stations across the street.Last time, the pump did not stop automatically and spilled over.After cleaning up, I sat in my car to plug in my phone and check some messages. An attendant announced over the PA that I had to pull into a space. There was only one car out there, among 8 pumps.There are plenty of choice for gasoline, so I will be going with those.
4	Best place for cheap-er gas!I've only been inside the convenience store a few times, and I don't remember anything being wrong with it. I frequently get my gas here, and find the quality to be good.
5	Always cheaper gas than everyone else. Quick & easy with only 10 pumps! I only go here for my gas.
2	I've never had any problems with the fuel desk staff. As a truck driver it is a common stop for fuel. The showers have recently been remodeled, the Pizza Hut will give you their number so that you can call ahead and order a fresh pizza. However as a truck driver it is a pain to get to if your south bound. The fuel pumps are always packed so its always a wait to get fuel. I give this a two star rating because of the wait for fuel and hard on and off.
3	You have to get gas somewhere right? Convenient, easy in easy out! I almost never use a credit card here. Once I did use a card here and they sent an authorization for $300.. No lie, I almost had a heart attack! So once was enough for me.. Cash only here.. Just sayin..
3	I enjoy coming here for my morning coffee and some snacks.I dislike the customer service the coffee lady provides. She's pushy, rude, and always has something smart to say. I find it sad that I have to wait for her to leave her shift just to avoid this lady. I don't see no point of her working there; she's useless. She doesn't show no interest in her job.
2	This is a sketchy place. The locals will tell you: don't stop here after dark, and don't linger around anywhere. Practice safety and situational awareness if you do have to stop here. Lock your car (even when you are inside it), stay alert, look around at your surroundings and get in and out as quickly as possible. Guard your wallet and keys.This might sound extreme, but I was told by several people in the area that this is a place to avoid. I saw a fight taking place in the parking lot in the 3 minutes I was there.
