4	Great burgers, and wonderful outdoor seating area under a huge tree.  The lights in the tree are a great touch.  The Mojo burger is great with fried onions and blue cheese.  Get out the napkins and enjoy!  We are looking forward to the smoking ban so we can go there when the weather is not conducive to sitting outside as right now it is so smokey inside we can hardly stand to go in to use the bathroom.
1	I've been there for drinks before but hadn't been there for dinner until tonight.  My friends and I were starving and looking for a good fish fry and thought Mojo's would be decent.  WRONG!  There was one poor young woman who appeared to be having to cover the dining room and behind the bar by herself- I felt bad for her.  The soup/salad bar (which comes with the fish fry) was covered with flies, the lettuce and coleslaw were sitting in pools of water, and the soups were lukewarm and tasted like they'd been sitting on a burner all day. The fish was clearly prepackaged and just defrosted and thrown in the deep fryer- it was burned on the outside and cold on the inside and had a fishy smell and taste (fresh fish is not supposed to taste or smell fishy).  The baked potato was mealy and lukewarm as well.  I can't speak to the rest of the menu- it might be delicious, but you will definitely want to avoid the fish fry- we pretty much all felt like it was the worst fish fry we have ever encountered.  We are all just hoping we make it through the next 24 hours without food poisoning.
3	Menu is typical bar fare. Taco special on Tuesday, chicken much better than beef. Service was super slow, waited for the check for ten minutes. Good beer specials.
2	We heard great things about this place, so we thought we'd give it a shot.  Service was slow and unfriendly.  The server treated us as if we were a bother rather than a customer.  The menu seemed to have a good variety, but when we asked questions the server looked at us like we were from outer space.  My question you ask, what comes on the burger. Food was average. We were disappointed, and left feeling  unwelcome.  Next time we grab a sandwich at Kwik Trip.  At least that way we know what we're getting on the burger.
4	Focking delicious burgers.Walked in during lunch for work a few weeks ago.  Apparently the drunk regulars love a man in uniform 'cause my work partner and I got cat-calls as we walked in and we're not even that pretty.Well, he's not pretty.  I have a profile picture here and I wouldn't wanna tell you lies about what you can see for yourself.ANYWAY.I'm always a bit apprehensive going to a bar for lunch considering we drive a gigantic truck for a living and while I'm sure it's okay it just makes me feel a bit wrong.No worries here, tables off the bar and while half the clientele was wasted the cook obviously wasn't.  The food was delicious.  I had the Badger burger which consisted of copious amounts of different kinds of cheeses on a huge burger.  I also had the mojo fries, which are sweet potato fries.Full disclosure, I'm a son-of-the-South, so sweet potato fries are my kryptonite.  Eff were they delicous.  Worth going for these by itself.If you're ever in Waunakee you should probably stop by.  It's not fancy, it's a bit of a dive, in fact.  But the burgers are great, the fries are better, and you could probably pick up a local girl if you weren't on duty.
2	Have to agree with Simian re: the fish fry.  Same experience pretty much.  (Service aside - that was good)  Fried cod way way way over cooked, salad bar . . . warm, watery, pretty gross.  Chili from a can perhaps?  Chicken noodle soup was pretty darn good tho.Sometimes those dives have the best food  - we took our chances!  Sorry we didn't have a burger instead.
1	Grease is the wordAt the time, it seemed like a good idea to give Mojo's a try.  Their Facebook page proudly proclaims: Voted BEST FISH FRY in Waunakee!  But after my dismal experience at Mojo's, I just recoil in horror to think how craptacular the second place finisher in the fish fry category must have been.Anyway, on to my tale of woe...The warning signs were there early.  To enter Mojo's from the parking lot, you need to run a gauntlet of smokers congregated by the entry way.  Nothing like filling your lungs with second hand smoke to whet your appetite.   Added bonus: the ketchup-encrusted outdoor tabletop that I passed on the way in.I grabbed a table by the front window and warmly greeted by one of the bartenders.  I asked about the fish fry since it wasn't on the menu.  There were a variety of options (baked or deep fried cod, walleye and bluegill).  I selected the deep fried cod and proceeded to the soup and salad bar.Words cannot describe the foul nastiness of the three soup options.  While I could identify the chili by sight, only a forensic pathologist could have determined the other two options were clam chowder and cheeseburger.  I could not bring myself to sample the latter two; you'll just have to rely on the pictures I posted.  The chili was your typical one star fare.  It was covered by a thick layer of grease, much like the other two soup options.  The texture of the hamburger was grainy from its extended stay in the warming bucket.  The beans were overcooked and in attempt to cover up the multitude of sins with the dish, the chef must have added a pile of chili powder. The salad bar was just as lame: wilted greens, limp vegetables, stale croutons and an orange, shredded, cheese-like substance.Thankfully, my meal was delivered before I could finish my salad.  The plate passed the eye test - it actually looked pretty good.  I should have stopped there.Hash browns:  The secret to cooking good hash browns is to remove as much liquid as possible from the potatoes before cooking them.  Otherwise, you get a soggy mess.  Much the like hash browns served by Mojo's.  Now try to fry the soggy potatoes in too much oil and salt.  Now you get salty, soggy, greasy hash browns, much like the ones served at Mojo's.  But let's not stop there; let's melt a glob of that orange cheese-like substance over the top.  Now you have achieved supreme hash brown suckitude.  Congratulations, Mojo's, you've made me want to swear off hash browns for the rest of my life.  Cole slaw:  Soggy and bland, but relatively inoffensive.  Roll:  It had the consistency of a stress ball.  The stress ball probably would have tasted better.  Not fresh and definitely not homemade.Fish:  The first piece of cod was pretty good. It was crunchy on the outside and moist and flaky on the inside.  The coating was bland, but better than fish sticks from Mrs. Paul's.  The second piece, which was larger, was much greasier and cool on the inside.  The second piece also absorbed the off taste of the oil in the deep fryer that haunted me for a couple of days.As for the setting, it is your typical small town bar and grill with ESPN and Fox News playing on the various flat screen TVs.  The bar area was packed with patrons in the middle of a Friday afternoon.  (Diners were sparser).  There was music playing in the background (top 40 I think), but not too loud to impede a casual conversation.  To their credit, all the indoor tabletops were clean.  Toward the end of my meal, I was plagued by a swarm of flies, probably waiting for me to drop after foolishly consuming the Mojo's chili.Service was mixed. I was immediately greeted and my server kept my soda glass full and checked in after the food was served.  On the other hand, the server did not mention the daily specials until I asked and she failed to tell me there was an upcharge for the cheese and onions on the hash browns.The damages for the meal came to $12.56, an unsettled stomach that lasted a couple of days and a solemn vow never again to trust the voters in the Best of Waunakee polling.  And this closes yet another sordid chapter of the Waunakee Yelp Chronicles.
3	Had the fish fry a couple of times. Baked potato for a side. Didn't get a salad.  thought fish and meal overall was just fine. probably not what I'd consider fine dining, but didn't really expect that at a bar.  Would go again.
3	I went here on a weekend day for a late lunch with a bunch of family members/friends. I was expecting greasy bar food while I sat outside and enjoyed the sun (there's an upstairs and downstairs patio) .... and that is exactly what I got.
