5	Great prices, good selection that is constantly changing, and it's usually pretty busy.  What more can you ask from a used book store?The staff is pretty nice, though it seems like every time I walk into the store, the music they're playing is some of the most god-awful foreign jazz stuff.
1	I will never do business with any Half Price Books store again after my experiences with the staff at this store. I have been here multiple times and have yet to find someone who is polite or pleasant to talk to. When I asked for help trying to find the cooking section I was told "Why don't you just read the signs?" I tried to sell a nonfiction manual and was told it was out of date even though it was the most current edition available. When I tried to protest the woman at the counter told me she "clearly knows more about this" than I do. I came back a few weeks later to sell another manual that had ICDM on the front and the girl actually tried to tell me that meant there was a CD that was supposed to go with it. I tried one more time to sell some novels and after the clerk gave me a pay slip he threw my book in the garbage right in front of me. I also tried to sell a like new condition $30.00 novel only to be offered a dollar for it. I asked why and was told "it's a short book." I have never encountered anyone here who didn't make it very obvious that it is a waste of their time to serve customers. Even when I greet them with a smile and say "excuse me, could you help me find something?" They still give me attitude and act as though I am just in their way. It is very clear to me that the people here believe that it would be so much easier to do their job if those damn customers would just stay out of their way. I have already ordered my kindle and whatever books I have left are going to goodwill (which is just around the corner from this store.) I would rather give my books away for free than have an illiterate, incompetent and grossly uneducated person attempt to determine the value of a book they are unable to appreciate.
5	First off, this is a USED bookstore, yet a large majority of their books are in almost new shape. Great selection. The last 4-5 times I went to Barns n Nobel at east town and found a book I wanted, I decided to check to see if they had it at half price books, and THEY DID! ALMOST EVERY TIME!!! And for half price, or less!! The staff is very helpful, and you can call ahead and see if they have the book you are looking for. If they do, they will gladly put it on hold for you at the front desk for up to a week at NO CHARGE! Staff is very friendly, and store is always neat and clean. Definately a winner. Always call and check here before paying full price for any book!!! They also buy/sell used records, cd's, movies, and computer software and games.
4	i usually just go here to sell things; but my mom comes here all the time and loves it, she always walks away happy!
4	The best part about Half Price Books is the classic bookstore employees. They're the most cliched people in a very excellent way. Think if High Fidelity had been about a bookstore: these folks would be replacing John Cusack and Jack Black. I love that about the place. Good selection for the size of the store and well-organized. I've been coming here since I was in junior high and have always loved it. They don't pay much for anything but recent release hardcover books, but a few dollars is better than having stacks of paperbacks after a summer of beach reads, etc. Be sure to check out the rolling carts in front of the entrance for amazing sales. If they have too much of one book, copies will go on super sale. I once got 10 of 13 books in a series from the sale rack for less than half the price that 2 other sets of the same series were going for on the main shelves. It's always good to check if you're looking for a specific book.
5	This place is making me a cookbook hoarder! Helpful Staff. Great deals on books that aren't even an a year old. All in good condition. Everything is categorize for easy finding. They even have music items, comics and magazines.
5	This is by far my favorite book store.  I never walk out of the place empty-handed.  Awesome selection and quick turnover in my favorite categories.  One can purchase new books for a song- I just picked up the 2012 Gun Digest for ten bucks, when it ordinarily sells for forty.  I have never had a bad experience with staff, they've always been helpful.  Keep up the good work HPBs!
4	I really miss this store!  I miss this chain!  I lived in Madison several years ago and would come here often with my parents.  They have a wonderful selection on paper backs, hard covers, CD's, movies, DVD's, greeting cards,  magazines, gifts, and other items.  It is a very easy place to spend a couple of hours, but without spending a lot of money.  Staff may be a little odd, but are still very cool.  LOVE this store.
5	Love the selection in their clearance section.After a minute of scanning the shelves, I walked out with the collected works of John Donne, some Emily Dickinson, a doorstop fantasy novel by Daniel David Abraham, a hilariously dated sci-fi book about the future of gaming from the 80s by Melissa Scott, and one of Adrian Tchaikovsky's fast moving pulp novels, all for six dollars.
