3	Well, I'm a bit confused. And I got the feeling they were too. The article I read in the New Times said they were like the "Chipotle" of Indian cuisine. When we arrived, we were greeted by a friendly server who apologetically explained that for now, they were going with a "sit-down" concept until they work some things out. The menu seemed quite small, but that could be a good thing right? That means they should be expertly crafted dishes. I asked for their choice of beverages. That got confusing because I didn't want the alcohol choices, just beverages other than water. I was told the list of soda options but I asked for "other" nonalcoholic beverages. Finally a connection was made. I chose a lime and ginger juice drink. When I received it, there was no detectable ginger in it. The server assured me that it contained ginger because he knew they had ginger in the kitchen. Then he came back to inform me that he tasted it and I was correct. There was no ginger. Then he said the manager tasted it and said, "oh, there's supposed to be ginger in there?" So, the food was ok. The chicken masala was my favorite. The chana dal was a little bland, and the saag chicken was ok. The bread was too oily. The rice was dry. And the rice pudding was kind of weird, but I liked the hint of rose water. I would have liked a creamier texture with rice that didn't seem like it was chopped up in the food processor first. And I don't know if a side of rice and a rice dessert was such a good idea. It was an awkward time of day to go there-right between when they close for two hours before dinner service. We were kind of locked in, followed by an apology from the manager that he was not locking us in, but rather locking others out. The non-ginger drinks were taken off our bill so for the price of our lunch $25, it was ok. I don't think I'd return for lunch, but I'd be willing to see what they can do for the dinner menu. But wait-I'm still wishing they had implemented the Chipotle-style set-up which is what brought me here in the first place.
5	So good!! Best Indian food I've had in a long time.! Great service too! I will definitely be back!
5	First word that comes to mind is WOW. They created a really cool restaurant and the food is INCREDIBLE. Abraham waited on us and he was really great. We ordered gol guppa as an app, which was delicious- it's pani puri that's tastes just like you would get in India- for my entree I got chicken tikka masala which was perfect (and I always order chicken tikka masala when I go to an Indian restaurant and this is hands down the best) The bread was totally different from anything I had in an Indian restaurant- we had onion naan with chili flakes which was like "why didn't I think of this???" It's so good you can just eat it all by itself.For dessert, rice pudding and gulab jamun- I don't like rice pudding, but I tasted it from my boyfriends plate and ended up eating the whole thing.Seriously a great find. I asked Abraham for the lunch menu and it looked really promising- they have khati rolls and thalis! We will definitely be back!
5	I've been to this place before it changed over to a traditional restaurant and the food is just as awesome. I had the chicken tikka masala and it was amazing, some of the best I've ever had. I also had saag which was delicious, onion naan which was delicious too. My friend had the lental soup and I tried it and liked it. I had a mango shake which I loved! I did like the old set up before the change over but I don't really care either way, great food is great food and they definitely have great indian food. I was full but I had to try the dessert. I got the ice cream with a small pastry type of food and it was great. It was like an awesome little doughnut. My friend had the rice pudding and I thought it was the best I've ever had. I've always had rice pudding that was made Greek style but this was totally different and had cool unique flavors. All the staff did a great job so I have no complaints. I'll be back often.
5	Great compliments to the chef!! Not only was Marigold Maison's food spectacular, so was the service. Very professional service and knowledgable of the menu. There was a variety in choices of dishes and also in how spicy you can get it. My friends and I enjoyed our evening there. Will be visiting soon!!
5	Great restaurant! I got a thali for lunch with chicken tikka masala and saag paneer, my favorite! The chicken tikka was delicious and the naan was really, really good. I ordered a mango lassi to drink and it was really good, not too watery not too thick...just perfect.Service was great. We were waited on by a young man named Nick. He was awesome! Really great personality, with good knowledge of menu. The chef came out to see if everything was good, and we were happy to share our delight. Awesome find for a very reasonable price. Our check was like $25 for wine and thalis. We will be back, and we will request Nick again!
5	We visited this restaurant last weekend, and were very impressed!  The food was delicious! We had the Bitel Puri for an appetizer, and it was awesome!  For dinner, we ordered the Tikki Masala (chicken), Lamb Chops, Tandoori Shrimp, Tandoori Chicken, and Biryani Hyderabad (sp?).  All of our entrees were fantastic! Highly recommended!
5	I had the pleasure of trying a new Indian restaurant this weekend called Marigold Maison and had one of the best dining experiences I've had in ages. This little gem is exactly what Phoenix needed! We had a fantastic dinner of seared eggplant, spicy naan and the best Tandoori Shrimp I've had (the prawns were huge and so fresh). We also had a delicious curry dish and a great bottle of white Bordeaux.  I can't wait to go back again and work my way through the menu! Fantastic :)
5	food & service excellent!  ask for Rohit - he's their resident Indian food advisor & does a good job of explaining what's what   STARTERS: samosas (stuffed puffs with potatoes & other little fixins) / seared eggplant (the mustard glaze it came with was awesome).  MAIN: chicken tikka masala / chicken saag spinach w/ naan bread and LOTS of basmati riceDESSERT: kheer (rice pudding not too sweet just right) and mango kulfi (like mango ice cream pops - refreshing & like a palate cleanser).  my wife & I haven't had much indian because places are in short supply but this place makes our list for fav Indian spot discoveries in the valley. :)
5	Hands Down.... BEST Indian food and restaurant in PHX!! Better than old Bombay Spice!!! Lamb Chops to die for! Lamb vindaloo spicy and savory and chicken masala second to none! Must Try!!!!
5	Enjoyed a late afternoon lunch here. Menu is great, the chef sent out a few new items for us to try. It's great to see food like this, especially on a corner of cookie cutters and fast food. Each dish had unique flavors and presentations. I ordered the vegetable thali at $9 bucks and had enough leftover for a snack that night. Highly recommended chef driven indian food. Can't wait to come back.
5	Mountains of food and flavor. Try not to fill up on the appetizers although it is easier said than done. Great food for first timers and seasoned diners.Chef stopping by our table was an excellent touch.
5	The good news is that you don't need a passport to eat at this restaurant but you still feel like you're in India, including authentic music, great staff and, of course, superb food! My friend and I shared an appetizer, called Gol Guppa, which are whole wheat puffs that you fill with diced chickpeas, potato, onion and cilantro. The main entrees of Chicken Thali and Lamb Thali were tender, flavorful and just the right portions and spiciness . A refreshing lemonade with ginger, caradom and cinnamon, along with a perfect rice pudding with pistachios topped the meal off. The main meal was served on what might be called a "lazy Susan," with a variety of small servings, including lentil soup, fresh salad, warm chapati bread and the lamb or chicken. Relaxing atmosphere and easy to find. Like spending two hours in India, without the hassle of travel!
5	After a day of shopping, my sister and I stopped at Marigold Maison for dinner. We were starving and excited to see all the options available.Starting off with wine, we sat down and tried not order the whole menu. Our waiter, Nick, suggested the Gol Guppa so we ordered that along with some Samosa Chaat, Bhel Puri, and Eggplant. Eggplant and Bhel Puri were great and the Samosa Chaat had a blast of flavors--- we LOVED the Gol Guppa. For our entrees we got the Onion Naan Chicken Tikka and the Tandori Shrimp. Again, oh so yummy!!! I have never had Naan with onion before and after having this, I am not sure I ever will eat it any other way!! We ended up boxing up at least half of each dinner to take home. Guess we over did it little on the apps!So even though we were pretty full, I really had to try the rice pudding. A friend of mine was there a week earlier and she could not stop talking about how amazing it was. My sister was a little apprehensive as she is not really a rice pudding kind of girl. However, it was a hit! I think she even ate more of it than I did.So glad we stopped in! Can't wait to go again.
5	Absolutely superb. Chicken tikka Marsala must not be missed. Nan made in hiyas. Chilckpea cerviche delicious and unique!Do not walk ...run
5	Wow!  Such great traditional and fusion Indian Cuisine in one place.  The curry and tandoori dishes are fantastic, and the Chicken Pea Ceviche makes me come back for more.   For a great Indian dining experience that will not disappoint.
5	I came in for first time since it opened as Marigold Maison. I ordered the chicken thali and was blown away with presentation and quality of the food! A lot of good, quality and flavorful food for only 12 bucks. The staff was awesome but the food was great. It rivals Tandoori Times which I think is great too.
5	After two dinner visits, I can honestly say that this is one of the best Indian restaurants in town. The ambiance + kitchen is clean and organized (not something you find in most Indian restaurants), and the staff appears to be knowledgeable. This is, by no means, a fine dining establishment - although it tries to be one (not a bad thing). We had the Bhel (street food), Gol Gappas (street food), Matar Paneer, and Paneer Makhani with Garlic Naan & Spicy Naan. Food was excellent. Presentation was great. And the service was overly attentive. This is undoubtedly our new go-to Indian restaurant. We are likely to use it more for take out rather than dine-in dinners - although, the dine-in experience was nothing short of great.
5	Went looking for the ole Bombay Spice when we stumbled upon this place. We had an excellent time!  The food is delicious! Our waiter gave amazing suggestions and was attentive and friendly.  Fun inventive drinks. We were just going to take our food to go but decided to stay after such a warm welcome at the door. Fantastic, we'll definitely be returning.
5	The chickpea ceviche was fantastic. The Vindaloo chicken - spicy, just the way I like it. Rohit provided great recommendations. We'll be back.
5	I've been hoping an amazing Indian restaurant would open up in Phoenix. It's happened! Food was delicious and authentic. Staff was very friendly and welcoming. Chicken tikka masala, amazing! Vindaloo was authentically spicy!
5	If you want great Indian food then this is the place for you!  This is by far the BEST Indian food in Scottsdale/Phoenix. It was so much fun to try different dishes and have everyone taste GREAT.  Yes, everyone was delicious. I couldn't pick a favorite because they were are ALL fantastic.   When we left the restaurant we were already planning our next trip back.
5	Great food, and service. Atmosphere is fun, though small. It has some outdoor seating that will be great in the winter.
5	If you liked Bombay Spice, you'll love this place. If you like Indian food, you'll love this place. If you're not sure about, or never had, Indian food, but you like healthy, delicious food, you'll love this place.Dinners are great here, and lunches are as well. At lunch they have sampler platters that give you a great value, including two entree servings, a salad, rice, veggies, and mini dessert.
5	Great food and service.  The 'Chipotle' comment referred to the Bombay Spice concept.  That was good but this is a slightly more upscale restaurant with Much better food. The Chicken Tikka Masala had a beautiful, rich sauce with tender chicken. The Mango salad was very light and refreshing. Thanks to Gina for her great service!
5	First time at the restaurant and was very impressed with the delicious food,the waitress( Gina) was awesome , definitely recommend it and come back
5	Best Indian in Phx.
2	It isn't real Indian food.  I thought the food was unusually sweet, like they were putting too much sugar in it, which is a trick restaurants use to get you to like otherwise average food.  Nice atmosphere.  Iced tea was really good.  Salad greens were not super fresh.  Chicken was sparse in Tikka Masala.  Cooked vegetables were overcooked. Raita was soooo sweet I couldn't eat it.  There are a bunch of 5 star reviews, but be careful, because they are offering gift certificates for Yelp reviews. They had a "restaurant consultant" there who was driving the turnaround of this place, which is by the same people who did the failed Bombay Spice.  They are definitely playing the Yelp game.  I am not saying this place was terrible or anything... just not remotely authentic and pretty average despite all the pumped up Yelp reviews.  I would give it 3 stars were it not for all the Yelp gaming they are doing, which for me knocks it down another star.
4	Excellent Indian! Just tried Marigold Maison for the first time and the was very happy to think that this may be my go-to Indian. The quality of the food is very good--although my dishes could have been hotter, but I was told just to request that next time. I didn't give 5 stars because service was a bit off, although everyone was apologetic and I do have the impression they are committed to getting it right. We'll be back.
3	I love Indian food. There, I said it. The problem? There just aren't that many great places here in Phoenix to get it. So when I saw a new Indian place open and get such rave reviews, I was excited. My mom and I decided to meet here for lunch last week. This place was a little hard to find, but it is on the NE corner of Tatum and Cactus (I went to like every other shopping center first... *palm to forehead*) and it faces cactus (by the Olive Garden sort of). When we entered, my first thought was, oh cute... my second thought was... this place is owned by Roka Akor's restaurant group... that's...weird. Anyway, the owner greeted us and that is when things started to get weird. The owner is a talker... he said so himself... and the things he talked about were a little off putting for a restaurant owner... he talked about politics... people walking by the restaurant.... his old chef who stole from him.... karma...you name the awkward conversation topic to have with a stranger, he probably talked about it. I would say this isn't advisable for a restaurant owner... it's not like we came here to hang out with him, we came here to eat. Speaking of eating, my mom and I shared a Thali and an order of samosas. I was excited they had Thalis (not many places that I've been here do). The thali is like going to an Indian buffet when you are on a serious diet... you get to taste many items, but just a small amount of each. The Thali consists of 3 'main' dishes - you pick the protein for 2 of them and the third is a mixed veggie curry. They allowed us to mix the lamb vindaloo with the chicken masala (after a little nudging from me and agreeing to pay the higher price - 14$). The lamb was very good, tender, just the right amount of spice. The chicken was also tender, but kind of bland for Indian food.... I guess at dinner you can choose your spice level, but not the case at lunch. The veggies were alright... nothing great, nothing bad. It also came with salad (meh.. salad is salad), two scrawny pieces of plain naan (again... nothing special), rice, and a fried dough ball soaked in sweet syrup (I was kind of sad since reports on here said it used to come with rice pudding... I love rice pudding, the dough ball is just ok). The real star of our meal were the samosas... these things were hot, crispy, and well seasoned. Will I be back? Eh, maybe if I were in the area, my mom really enjoyed it, but overall I thought it was just ok and far more expensive (and less delicious) than some of the lunch buffets out there.
4	Great experience and wonderful food. The management was welcoming and the service was exceptional. Great to have a place with a tandoor oven and the chicken tikka was very tasteful. Friend found out why the pork chops come highly recommended.
5	My wife sells seafood for a living and visit a lot of different fine restaurants, this one by far is my favorite in the valley. You must try the eggplant I have not liked eggplant all my life but what this gifted chef does with it is amazing!
3	I have had better and the Chicken Korma tasted more like Curry chicle the lentil soup was like paste. It was expensive and not very good. I have had better Indian.
4	Just took some take-out lunch from here and can say with sincerity that I am now a fan of Marigold Maison.  I was the only person there which I hope is due to the fact that I came unknowingly just as they opened, because I really want this place to succeed.  Ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan (my go-to at all Indian restaurants because I love it ok?) and while I didn't find them the best I've ever had I can say they were really good.  My one nit picky pseudo complaint is that the masala sauce was a little more liquidy than I'm used too, but that was a minor issue considering that the flavor was there.   It is a bit pricey but I knew that ahead of time and dont really blame the place because the portions are quite large (please dont change that!).  This is without question the best Indian food in this area.  I repeat in this area because there is of course better in the city, but I mean within a 5 mile radius.  I will return for my garlic naan and tikka cravings.
5	Excellent Indian food! Clean, friendly, great service, with attention to all the details. The Korma is the Gold in Marigold. Will be back again soon!
5	I love Indian food, but hadn't found any good Indian restaurants in Phoenix. After hearing Marigold Maison has the same owner as Roka Akur (and the same investor as Nobuo at Teeter House), I had to try it. I went here for the first time back in September or October and immediately became a regular. The food is outstanding! Every dish we've tried has been incredible...extremely fresh, flavorful and awesome quality of meat/seafood. The rice and naan are fantastic and we also love the tofu appetizer and chickpea "ceviche". My husband is a huge fan of the chicken curry - and I'm just a huge fan of all it all! We crave it almost nightly! Andy, Abraham, Rohit, and Suneil are such gracious hosts and we always enjoy our conversation with them. Also, I'm not a big fan of leftovers, but this food tastes even better (if that's possible) the next day. Definitely try Marigold Maison! It's SO good!
4	Lunch with friends was great. The service was spectacular and food delicious. Servings are generous, so ask how big the plate will be if you aren't super hungry. The Mango Bellini is awesome, and the lamb roll is tasty, very much like a gyro.
5	We just had a GREAT dinner and we're so glad we tried it!  We had garlic and onion naan which was delicious.  Entrees were Tikka Masala, the Dal Makhani and Lamb Curry. OMG was it good!  The lentil dish was outstanding.  I'm vegetarian, but the meat eaters commented on how good the different meats were. The place is warm and inviting and the service really made me happy. They have a nice wine list too. Gina was our waitress and she was very helpful, sweet and professional all rolled up with a great attitude!  Steve the manager stopped by and was very nice and personable.  The staff are very helpful if you are not that familiar with Indian food. Great job Marigold Maison.  I'll see you often.
5	It was pretty busy for a late lunch on a Monday. I absolutely loved the food - when I heard same ownership as Roka, I knew we had to check it out, as Roka was always a favorite of mine when I lived I'm AZ. Don't expect anything like Roka though! This is a totally different concept, in the side of a strip mall, and much more casual.I went with my bf and his family, we tried just about everything we could from a couple of the street food options to the lunch platter with chicken tikka and another chicken with a spinach curry (thali's?).  The chickpea dip with potatoes was super good and unique, the sauteed rice with vegetables and curry was fantastic as was the garlic naan.  I loved the quinoa salad on the lunch platter, it was a lot of food and fun to share between four of us. The chickpea flour battered chicken was a good option for very picky kids - although we loved the spicier options! Our server was good about describing the preparations and we asked him to ask the chef to order for us (a good way to get to try the best items I think). We ended up with four dishes that I had never had before and I loved them all!  If I were local, I would def make it a fun lunch or date night spot.
5	This is my new favorite restaurant. We went in on a Monday night, and they were on a short wait. We noticed that everyone that walked out spoke very highly of the food, and after we tasted the food, we quickly understood what they were all raving about!The food is incredible! We ordered gol guppa, paneer pakora, and samosa chaat for appetizers. All tasted super fresh and delicious. I love the tamarind flavors in all of the apps. For dinner, we ordered lamb chops, and eggplant dish, mutter paneer, and my new all time favorite chicken tikka masala- the breads that accompanied the dishes were garlic naan and onion kulcha- all mouth wateringly delicious.The chef, Sunil, came out to check on us, and he was really great. He sent us out a dessert that was a crepe that was made from lentil and rice- our sever Abraham explained that it's impossible to get a crepe like this anywhere because it's made with the lentil and rice and it takes 24 hours for the batter to sit-we were intrigued and it was absolutely delicious. Light and fluffy- but just sweet enough.This is an impressive restaurant. We will be back.
5	Best Indian cuisine in Phoenix greater area. The different types of sauces, whether masala, various curries, vindaloo, etc., are so delicious. I recommend the diverse platters that have many of these sauces and various eats. The service was also great, which gives this place its well-deserved fifth star.
