2	Went in with my husband as its his favorite store. Typically if you ask to sample an ice cream they will let you before picking the flavor you want. I asked to sample their new one which was strawberry basil. The lady behind the counter said no. You have to pick it and then you might like it. Well I am not going to pick an ice cream if I don't know the flavor. Needless to say we walked out with nothing because she would nt let us try it. I was very disgusted because we are regulars at cold stone and know protocol and that was not it. We wont be back to this once that's for sure!
3	good on a hot day
3	A typical Cold Stone Creamery.  Like most chains, there's not much to say since they are all so similar.This one in particular is clean-ish and has friendly employees.  There are a few seats if you want to sit there and have your ice cream, but we prefer to just eat ours on the way home.The only thing that really bothers me here is that they are stingy with the mix-in's.  I like my Mud Pie Mojo with lots of peanut butter, thanks.  And last time, they forgot an entire ingredient.  I was distraught without my Oreos.In a giant shopping plaza on Craig near MLK where most of the businesses have closed.  It's kinda depressing.
1	Thought I'd treat the hubby and our family friend to an ice cream treat using my Groupon coupons. As soon as we determined our selections, we were told the store stopped accepting the location-specific Groupons nearly two weeks ago. Stuck, I was forced to shell out cash for our dessert which I was NOT happy about. For some reason, the "promotional value expires Dec 26, 2012" didn't make any difference. I will NEVER go back to this store and I will not only think twice about patronizing Cold Stone Creamery, but I'm going to halt buying Groupons.
4	I love Cold Stone!Compared to other ice cream shops these places are gold. The reason I say this is because they have some many concoctions that they can make for you. I have been to Cold Stone Creamery twice in my life and both time my experience was great!You can buy ice cream buy the pint. They have so many goodies that you can add on. Price wise they are a little pricier but most definitely worth every penny.Ultimately this location is perfectly clean and very organized. There was only 1 person working when I went and she got a mini rush. She handled her self pretty well with all her orders.I will be back for another molten lava brownie, or maybe the churros.Man they have so many options.
3	The place was clean.  The employees were friendly enough.  The ice cream was delicious.  My only complaint is that the guy mixing our ice cream thought it was ok to tell us that his job was annoying and the worst job he ever had and he hated it.   Like we really want to hear that.
2	They need friendlier associates and need to be trained with greater customer service. Its like they hate their jobs or something.   Or maybe the employee is just having a bad day?  I don't know...  I'll still rate your ice cream as amazing!  :-)
4	Pretty yummy on a hot afternoon.  I love rocky road ice cream and I love the way Cold Stone employees mix delicious ingredients to make requested item but at this point I prefer Baskin Robbins' take on Rocky Road ice cream.  The young gentleman that was attending to me was kind, attentive and patient, which I greatly appreciate.
4	It was 6 of us in my party (4 adults & 2 children). My bro and his family took for ever to order but the employee kept his cool and patience! He was even doing some tricks with the ice cream for my nieces. So we got a lil show from him, it sucks that I didnt get his name. It was over $40 for 6 signiture ice creams (3 with waffle cones). . .I was very surprised that the restroom was extremely clean! So why the 4 stars instead of the 5? Well, the chocolate waffles were very stale so we all threw them away once we finished the ice cream. Also, we ate the ice cream inside the place but they only had three tables available (2 persons per table) so we couldn't sit together. They do have another table that sits four next to the entrance. So a total of 10 ppl can enjoy the ice cream in here but it would be very uncomfortable if the place was packed since its a small location.
