4	This theatre is huge and state of the art!I have yet to experience the 3D or 3D AVX theatres there but wil and apparently  7.2 Dolbly Digital where std cinema is 5.2, leather reclining seats so they are slightly more approx. $4.00 -$5.00 more.This Cinema offers a box office of at least ten people at the box office and approx. fifteen plus automated machine that you can self serve and buy tickets!The big plus as a Scene member I get rewards to free movies and quickly compare to other reward programs. You can join www.scene.caI tried to buy the ticket thru my app but experienced problems(gift card would take) and called Cinplex CSR who suggested i buy the ticket online and apologized about the app issue. He walked me through the online purchase to make sure all would be ok and it was!I called the theatre for a suggested time I should arrive since this was the 1st Spiderman showing she sooooooo helpful! I got great seat due to the advice! Salle 12 was clean, the seats very comfy as well the brought a concession cart with popcorn in at the beggining so you could get good seats and snacks!Movie:The Amazing Spidermanamazing inded not the typical story as in the Toby McGuire series, no Mary Jane, no J Jona Jameson....at least not this sequel. Yes Uncle Ben(Martin Sheen) & Aunt May(Sally Fields) were present and both characters we played well by 2 vetrans!I leave you with that and tell you the movie is more realistic! would I go again, not sure but on DVD yep! The Avengers definitely a 2 - 3 timer ;)
3	I rarely go to the movies. But this place is cool; big, lots of fast food choices, fast service when picking up your ticket. I have no complaints really... Minus the stained chairs in the theaters and the sticky floor.. Ew.
4	Came here to watch the new Monsters Inc University movie with the family.  Theatre is what you expect, gigantic screen and excellent sound.  Movie pricing seems to be quite expensive these days but hey...entertainment sure is a premium!!
4	My favorite Cinema complex in Laval!Pros :- Lots of theaters available, film variety in both languages are available.- Seats are comfortable except for the new AVX theater ones that cannot be locked in and you're constantly falling too far back into the seat behind you (and getting bumped!)- The ability to book your movies ONLINE without having to wait in the horrible lines anymore! Heck, you can even reserve YOUR SEAT online in select showings!- Close to many quality restos in the area of the Centropolis.Cons :- You can even reserve YOUR SEAT online in select showings... can this please be done for more than 1 movie at a time please? We're 2013 already! Why must I wait 20+ minutes to have decent seats to hot movies?- Parking is annoying and on top of that little to no consideration is done for pregnant women.- Incredibly slow lines to buy tickets... why can't we have a line reserved for cash only? Anyways, buy them online instead!
4	I mean... it's a theatre... To me, the best place in Laval and the seats are much more comfortable than others... Popcorn is amazing (I'll be honest, I go to the theatre with my son just to eat popcorn :-)  But it's just a theatre...  Oh right, they have video games... And a special room for super sound and moving chairs, etc... They usually have a good mix of French & English titles...
5	The colossus. In our first night in Canada we decided to stay away from the city and we to this movie theater, it's a huge theater with very comfortable leather seats that  recline, good sound and huge screens and also with a really nice system were you actually get to pick your seating as you buy your ticket which makes a lot nicer (we have this only in a few upscale theaters here in Chicagoland hopefully others regular theaters will get this system soon), in general great movie experience, they show all the movies in French and English, so make sure you ask for the version you want to see, very friendly staff always smiling, but some did not spoke English.
3	Just a regular oversized multi-plex.
4	Pretty similar to any large movie theatre. Nothing stands out except for it's spaceship architecture. Sure it may have been a good idea when it was built, but time defines it now as akward.
