5	Amazing hair color experience with my first organic hair color. The salon is gorgeous the atmosphere relaxed and my hairstylist Jamie Diamond gave me a great color, cut and style. The non toxic atmosphere is so positive! The decor was well thought and beautifully organic.  The staff is so wonderful,  my coffee was delicious paired with the candies I ate while my color processed. The detox salon signature essential oil was an amazing touch to an absolutely spectacular scalp massage.  Will definitely be returning for some more pampering as soon as I can! Good luck to Detox and all its staff!
5	I'm a natural blonde and have been dying my hair brown for about 8 years now and wanted to go back to light- after all it is summer and it's time for a change! I was trying to go gradually but it wasn't what I really wanted. I stepped into the salon with blonde roots and dark brown hair. My stylist asked me what I really wanted and I told her that back to blonde was my goal. She evaluated my hair and decided that a complete color correction was the best way to go and though it was a long process, I left the salon with a beautiful blonde head of hair that looks and feels healthy, shiny and polished. The entire staff was friendly and warm and the Salons atmosphere was comfortable and cozy- like you could spend all day there! It's beautifully designed, naturally based as well which makes me even more impressed with the color correction!!! By the timeI left the salon I had the perfect color blonde hair with a fresh, beautiful cut and style. I could not have been happier with the results, they FAR exceeded my expectations and I will definitely be back.
5	I love this salon! The staff is welcoming & friendly and the environment is fun & relaxing. Christopher and I spent some time discussing how I wanted my hair to look and he totally nailed it! Even when dealing with a unique color--cotton candy pink!--Christopher was confident and executed  the dye job perfectly. Jamie even gave me care tips and recommended new makeup tricks to complement my new color. The salon's decor is adorable (and environmentally friendly) and their products are superb (and organic). Christopher even went to extra mile to make me a custom conditioner to maintain my new coif! All in all, it made for a delightful afternoon at the salon.
5	I recently went into this salon on Saturday for a blow out and curls before I headed to work (LOVE that they're open at 9!!) I saw Jamie and was a bit nervous because I've got a head full of extensions (tape ins that are on their last reset and can't take much round brushing) I wanted some volume and curls that loosened through out the day. When I dry and curl my hair it's about an hour and 15 total, Jamie had me done in 45!! I was incredibly impressed with Jamie's knowledge of color/hair textures/styling/extensions I talked to her about what color I was wanting in the future and will totally be back to get it!! Not only was my experience with her amazing but another stylist Chris was extremely helpful and friendly too even gave me a hand massage while I was getting my blow out with their organic line of lotions!! That stuff smells like heaven!! Literally reminded me of a candy necklace and kept my skin hydrated all day long! The owner Stacy was so friendly and involved with her staff, not in a way that made me uncomfortable but just chatty and friendly. The pictures don't do the salon justice!! I felt like I was with friends I've known for years! Definitely love the vibe!
5	I just had my hair cut and colored here and the space and the staff are amazing! It is clean, modern and comfortable. There are no harsh smells since their products are natural and/or organic. Even the shampoos and hair products they use in styling smell wonderful (not the strong, artificial scents you're used to at a salon). I am definitely going back and strongly recommend others give it a try too! They plan to run monthly specials so you may want to check in with what they're offering.
5	I have super thick wavy hair, so it takes me 45 minutes just to dry it. Detox Salon just opened, and Jamie took on the task of giving me a blow out. Not only is she simply adorable, but she is super friendly. She is wonderful at giving the best scalp massage with the wash, I was so relaxed. She dried my hair quickly, and gave me the most luxurious waves. I could never do this myself. Even my husband told me I looked like I belong in a magazine! If you need a quick blow out to look glamorous, or even a new cut or color....you have to check out Detox Salon and make your appointment with Jamie Diamond!
5	So let's talk about this new place that just opened up nice and close toHome. ALL 5 Stars if there was 10 I would give it that and I'm a teacher and don't give bonus' lightly. Basically, made my appointment and had to reschedule, not only did the ladies switch me out for a time that was better suited my needs, they also kept me up to date with the changes. Service is great, neat & clean space, polite staff & knowledgable hair stylists. I'm a natural brunette and this was my first time going blonde and chopping my hair. Talk about a change the colors gorgeous, & the hair cut is just what I've been wanting. Jamie took such great care of me during my experience. She's so presentable and had the answer to all of my questions. Basically id recommend this place to anyone and everyone. I even took some business cards for my purse to pass out. This salon is the S.H.I.T. You rock Jamie!!! I'll upload pics later :)
5	Visited detox salon for the first time today. Seriously amazing from the second I walked in the door. The owner Stacey greeted me right away, which was refreshing to actually see an owner that involved. My stylist was Jamie. I had a color, cut, and all of my weft extensions taken out and replaced with the tape ones. When I started I was a lot blonder than I wanted to be and not quite ashy enough. Jamie toned my hair down to the most beautiful ashy blonde with gorgeous low lights. It's very hard for someone to get my hair as ashy as I like it(I would rather be blue than have any red/orange/yellow), but she nailed it(without making me blue). Love the fact that they use organic color and products. Oh and I got to watch E! while my hair was processing and even while she was washing me out(TV on the ceiling!!).My hair feels much softer and cleaner than it usually does. I hate when salons use such heavy products. Seriously obsessed. Can't wait to go back next week for a blow out!! This is the beginning of a lifelong relationship. Go see Jamie at detox you won't regret it!!
5	I have dark hair and wanted to go blonde.  I've been going to a different hair stylist and she kept trying to achieve what I was describing but it always looked copper blond.  I always felt like she was doing the color and cut she wanted to give me not what I wanted.  When I left Detox Salon I was 100% satisfied with my look.  Stacey gave me the perfect shade of blonde I wanted... goes perfect with the summer look.  Her cuts are so clean.  It made my hair feel healthier and thicker.  She listened to what I wanted and even offered some helpful tips.  I LOVE my hair and constantly get compliments from everyone including guys.  Everyone at the Salon is so friendly not like other salons I've been to where the 18y old receptionist gives you dirty looks like you are interrupting her busy day.  Not here!  I also love the fact that all the products used and sold are nontoxic.  I recommend this salon to everyone!
5	After doing some research online about different products, I decided that all natural organic products were a must since I'm almost 9 months pregnant and really didn't want to have to wait until after the baby came to get my hair done.  My friend told me about an "all natural" salon that was opening up, so I stopped by and got some info prior to making my appointment. The owner greeted me right away and was very knowledgeable on all the products I had questions about. Not to mention, the atmosphere inside is so fitting, very clean, bright and simple.  After looking over the menu I booked my appointment and was pleasantly surprised that I'd be paying practically the same as if I were going to  a salon with your everyday common, toxic products.  I went in for a cut, color and blowout, and I'm very impressed to say the least. Stacey, the owner,  did my hair.  The dye she used was so gentle and didn't irritate my scalp AT ALL, which is something I'm not used to.  No harsh smell, no burning eyes, it was amazing.  I left with darker hair, a trim and a fabulous blowout.  I also purchased an organic lipstick/lip stain and some fabulous smelling lotion by John Masters. Seriously, i want to eat the lotion it smells so good and the good news is, I probably could since its all natural (but i won't).I would absolutely recommend Detox Salon to my friends. Great service, safe products and an overall solid experience!  Found my new salon!
5	I wanted to surprise my wife for her birthday and take her to get her hair done. Chris did an amazing job, my wife is hard to please when it comes to her hair and she walked out 100% satisfied. She loved the color and style Chris gave her. The staff was so friendly and helpful, we will be returning.
5	What an AWESOME salon!! A friend referred me to see Christopher and I am SO HAPPY I took her advice! Christopher was very professional and friendly and my haircut was perfect! He took his time and wanted to make sure I was happy with the cut. Many salons I've been to before rush male clients and don't pay attention to the details of a mans haircut but I was treated to a great experience at Detox.The salon is new and in a good location. In addition to the great service, this is a VEGAN and ECO-friendly salon! The products are simple and worked great! I already scheduled my next haircut with Christopher and I'm very glad I've found a new salon in town!
5	Great Products! Great People! I would definitely recommend this salon to everyone!
5	I couldn't be more excited to have this amazing salon in Las Vegas! The atmosphere is inviting and sophisticated, the people are just the kind of people that you feel like you've known your whole life, the services are top-notch and the products...well, the products are Eco-conscious and sustainable. Need I say more?! I had the pleasure of working with Mateo, Stacey and Caitlin and I look forward to meeting the rest of the Detox family as I will most definitely be frequenting this little shop of heaven. How refreshing to know I'm supporting such fantastic people and a company with a moral compass!
5	Had an excellent experience with Chris today, could not be happier with the service I received. I booked an appointment for a root touch up and failed to mention I had highlights :/ which is naturally a longer process... Even though Chris had an appt after me, he did a non rushed job, took his time perfecting my hair and like I said, it turned out perfect! He finished up right as his next client walked in! The place was clean, bright and chic. Not to mention the price was extremely reasonable!!!! Thx Chris :)
5	I have followed Jamie from the beginning! She was originally at Platinum Entourage and has just moved over to the new salon. I was hesitant about the organic part since most products I use are the complete opposite but needless to say Jam is amazing and I had to try it out.Not only did I spend less money but my color has never looked better!!! (I posted photos) The color system she used has made my hair look like blonde candy. I hadn't gotten my hair done in awhile and it was looking dark so I asked her to lighten up the ends while making it so my grow in wasn't too noticeable. I can't get enough of it!! Also purchased two products. One was a leave in spray which seems to be helping my hair grow and this bees wax serum for the wet and wavy look. I'm totally hooked on the serum- I get great curls and it controls my hair without being sticky or crunchy! (Curls' best friend)P.S. - if you are as picky as I am about your blowouts, you will never go anywhere else. BEST BLOWOUTS EVER!!!! 3 days and my hair was still in runway status!
5	I went in for a wash and blow dry with Jamie...top notch experience. Every employee puts customer service as a top priority...I felt really rejuvenated after my service. I will be back!
5	I've been going to Chris for a few years to maintain my bright magenta hair and not only do I get a ton of compliments on the color but people can't believe how healthy my hair is. He's an amazing colorist,  really fun to chat with and every time he blows my hair out I die!
1	Went in for a root touch up. No wait, easy location, salon was very well decorated and staff was friendly. Loved my stylist. So good so far for a first  time client.Told stylist that my beaded weft was getting pulled up in a few days. My stylist noticed they weren't tight and kind of messed up and "offered" to fix them. I thought she just meant she would touch up a few, which I told her, but she did the whole head which I did not ask for. I didn't want to be charged for an extra service so I figured I was clear I was getting them done in a few days. After she began tightening my whole head for 30+ minutes I figured I would be getting charged. No biggie. Can't be more expensive than the other place, I figured. But... I was wrong. Shocker.She charged me to tighten my extensions more than my prior appointment was. I was surprised she charged me at all when she "offered to help me out" when I didn't tell her to do more than a few little adjustments and didn't tell me she was going to charge me.Whatever. I paid $180 for my root touch up, tip, and tightening (this was with 20%). I had good service. I didn't mind.BUT literally no less than a day later, my extensions and beads (much lighter than my color) had been poking out very noticeably. And my weft became falling apart!! COMPLETELY coming undone.So I called back to have them fixed and she told me she only tightened "a few" and that she would have to charge me again for tightening them (!!!!!!!!). I was a first time client, tipped generously, and she was saying she didn't tighten my whole head? I paid for a service that was clearly faulty and the salon did not want to compensate for it. Completely blown away by this. Never going back to this salon, and beware.
5	I was so pleased to find a stylist that can be creative with short hair....Stacey has given me a fun easy to care for haircut. I also have had my makeup done with all chemical free products....It lasted for the  entire evening and the color palette she chose was very flattering.The salon is beautiful and there is NO chemical smell which you usually experience when many other customers are  having color treatments.i highly recommend this salon for those who are looking for doing away with chemical treatments and want a new stylish look.Sharon G.
5	I started going to Detox Salon about two months ago and I couldn't be happier. Everyone that works there is AWESOME. I go to Stacey for my hair and she does an Amazing job. She takes care of you and makes your experience special. My boyfriend started going to Detox Salon about a month ago and he raves about Mateo. Mateo does a greattt job on my boyfriend's hair. He exceeds his expectations. Derek looks forward to his every 2 week hair cut because Mateo does such a great job and Derek enjoys his time while he is there. Thank you Detox Salon!
5	I've been going to Mateo  for over a two years now.  We've stuck with highlights, we've gone ombre, we've done color plus highlights and balayage.  He is always up for the challenge and I have seen him transform other clients' hair. Mateo also gives the best head massages, and everyone is always looking fabulous, happy and offering you coffee, water, etc.  The salon is clean, beautiful and comforting.Whether you see Mateo r another one of her stylists, you can't go wrong.  I have I medium natural dark brown hair, and I know you can get exactly what you want regardless of your hair type, color, etc.  He will tell you what he can and cannot do - the safety of your hair is their number one priority.Go to Detox salon - you won't regret it.  Mateo, and everyone else there) are hair wizards!.
5	Mateo is my absolute favorite. I can 100% trust him with everything. So much so, that I had him come all the way out to my wedding in San Diego to do my hair and makeup. He actually ended up doing most of the bridal party as well, both the girls and the guys and everyone looked incredible and felt wonderful. He gave me the confidence that day to just be able to feel beautiful and not have to worry about a thing. Being a bride is so stressful and overwhelming and your hair and make up is everything. He did a FLAWLESS job. He is so professional and calm that it ended up being the most relaxing part of my morning. I wouldn't have had anyone else but Mateo for my big day! I was beyond pleased! He cuts my hair perfect every time and always dyes it just the way I like it. If you go to the wonderful Detox Salon, I highly recommend Mateo for a perfect style and easy conversation! You always leave Mateo with a smile on your face :)
5	I recently got married and Mateo from Detox salon did a remarkable job with my makeup.  He spent time in preparations for the day with photos of my skin all the way to looking over inspiration photos I had picked out.  Not only did he do an amazing job that day but the makeup stayed on flawlessly from 11am until I got back home at midnight.  It still looked just as good as when he first applied it.  I also had the privilege to see Mateo work on one of my best friends hair and make up for her wedding and again...he did a beautiful beautiful job.
5	Awesome service and love their all-natural organic products! Although their prices are a bit more expensive than other salons, u still get healthy hair in the end! Totally recommend this place!
