3	It's hard to decide whether to give this hotel 2 or 3 stars.Here's the deal ... it's a Howard Johnson..not a Ritz Carlton. So I know going in that the hotel isn't going to blow me away. But - it was ok.The room was clean, it was air-conditioned, and they have shampoo AND conditioner (I hate the combo bottles.. women can't brush their hair when they use that stuff!) I guess I was overly-excited because from the exterior this place looked pretty new. On the inside however it seems like it needs some work. I was staying on the second floor but you had to take the elevator to the third floor and walk down a flight of 6 stairs to get to the second floor. Weird! It reminded me of a half floor.. like in "Being John Malkovich."Here's the plus side:-There's a pool and a spa-There is an arcade/billiards room-There is a bar (but the bartender was literally on the phone the ENTIRE time. She actually just put the phone down to serve people and then picked it back up again to resume her convo. Really really shocking. This went on the entire 2 hours I was there.)-There are vending machines-Free breakfast in the morningsOh - and the front desk staff was super nice too! So yeah .. 3 stars. Not bad, not great. Just ok. Perfect if you're just rolling through.
3	I stayed here when I went to the Barrymore theater to see As I Lay Dying. It was hard to find without GPS, But had a good location near places to eat. The bar and kitchen in the hotel closed early, which I was dissapointed about. Their hot tub and pool was a very decent size and they had many arcade games and a pool table! :)I would give this place an extra star if they kept their bar open later. But overall this place was legit.
4	Great hotel. Comfortable , clean and big rooms. The layout of the entire hotel is a bit confusing but all the amenities are above expectations. They even gave me a voucher for a free drink when I checked in. The food in the hotel bar and grill is pretty average but acceptable. I will probably eat outside of the hotel tomorrow but there are plenty of places within walking distance. Overall, very comfortable.
2	Pretty dumpy place. We got a room here because it was the cheapest place we could find that was anywhere near downtown. The ceiling had weird brown spots on it that looked like someone threw feces at it. The sheets were pretty scratchy and the bed and pillows were not very comfortable. The bed cover had stains on it, everything just looked pretty dingy. The building outs pretty confusing and it is pretty dumb that you can't get from the lobby to your room after 11:00pm since you have to go through the pool area. Just a ridiculous set up if you ask me. Would probably spend a few extra bucks and go elsewhere next time.
2	If the room had been cleaned properly, this hotel would have easily earned another star. I would consider staying here again, but if the room is not clean I will take the time to complain and get some of my money back. I added some photos I took of our room at this hotel that might get taken down so let me describe them for you: One photo was of the carpet in between our bed and the nightstand, which was dirty and some of the debris included a glowstick (how do you miss that?) and a pretzel. If you don't clean up food it attracts bugs! Which leads us to the second picture, which was of the top of the nightstand and some disembodied insect parts i found there. Mostly legs. It was gross. Also there was a long hair dangling from the lampshade by the bed. CLEAN your hotel rooms! This hotel would be great if they hired a competent housekeeping staff. Location was nice and the amenities were just fine, but for the state the room was in I would say that I definitely overpaid.
1	I stay in this hotel regularly for military duty. Over the years I've heard reports of bed bugs being found in the rooms. I always check the corners of the mattress, but this was not enough. On June 5-6th, 2014 I woke up to bed bugs crawling all over my pillows. After switching rooms and still not feeling comfortable I was switched to a different (and much better hotel -- The EconoLodge, also on East Washington). Management was extremely insensitive as the female manager attempted to reassure me that they take the proper procedures to rid their hotel of bed bugs but never once apologized to me; she was more concerned with highlighting the hotel's procedures (which were NOT followed properly, obviously). Military PUBLIC HEALTH inspected the room and found the bed bugs infestation under the mattress. They confirmed the proper procedures were NOT followed and that no one had checked my room in 5-6 days and that if they had they would have seen the sure signs of bed bugs. The State Health Department was also notified. I had to go to the ER due to the allergic reaction from the bites. Since Friday I have found over 100 bites all over my body and I'm on steroids/other medications. In addition, I have had to all but quarantine all my belongings in order to not bring bed bugs into my home. Lastly, my car was broken into last year while parked at this hotel. OVERALL, DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL.
3	This is not a fancy high priced hotel. It is a family, pet friendly hotel. The decor is a little dated. The beds are a little small. The pool area is nice. There is a game room and workout room. There is a complimentary breakfast. Not a lot is offered, but there is a Denny's down the street. There are a lot of places to eat nearby as well as other businesses. All in all it is a good value for the money, and I would stay here again.
2	You get what you pay for. If all you want is an inexpensive place to take a shower, go to sleep, and leave, for just a quick stay over, this place works well. You'll get a clean bed and bathroom for the night. But if you want any kind of positive experience, this isn't the place for you. The lobby smells, the wallpaper is peeling, and other than two very kind gentlemen in the breakfast area, the staff is unfriendly and unhelpful. They treat you like your needs are inconvenient, answering your questions with the raised eyebrow of "why are you bothering me?" Even at the front desk. Sample conversation that actually happened:Me: do you have a workout area?Receptionist: yes. Me: ... Where is it?Receptionist: in the game room. Me: ... Where is that?Receptionist: :::rolls eyes and only points down the hall:::One other woman was outright rude, loudly announcing that I should "leave the breakfast area and not coming back without some real shoes." Then she stood and waited, arms crossed, and watched until I picked up my things and left. If you have to say something to a guest, privacy and quiet and an apologetic attitude is the way. She was openly, publicly rude. I wouldn't come back here for her behavior alone.Also, the walls are so thin, I could hear the bowel movements of the person in the room next to me. Lovely.
3	Pre-pay Priceline Express Deal is the best value for rate.  Simply outdated interior in need of complete rehab.  My only regret was forgetting my bathing suit for a quick dip.  Reception was friendly, helpful and quick to come up to front desk.I was happy to have a clean bathroom, orderly bed and free wi-fi.The room has a Madison Guide Book that is very informative and helpful.The hot breakfast was a nice add-in.  A wide variety of coffee options.
4	Restaurant is best kept secret in Madison. We go for the Friday night fish fry. You get 3 pieces of cod choice of potatoe cole slaw baked bean and rye bread for under 11$. It's usually not busy so there's no wait. The food is always good and service is also good.
