5	I went into Patty's Closet hoping to find XLs and was so so excited when I was directed into Voluptuous! The girl who was working today, Caitlin, picked out 7 really cute dresses for me, all around $30. Also, I got a 20% off coupon to use tomorrow for my purchases :) definitely going back tomorrow!
5	Voluptuous offers quality plus-sized clothes at affordable prices!  I am sooo tired of walking into stores that boast a great plus-sized selection only to look like a street walker because the sizes don't fit right or like a grandma, because apparently the world thinks chunky mama's have no right to look sexy or should be ashamed of their bodies!  When I walked into Voluptuous I felt right at home... Chic clothing for my size?  I didn't know what to do with myself!  So, I did what any fashion conscious cutie with a bootie would do... I shopped!  I came out of the store with 2 killer dresses after effectively running a fashion show starring, moi through the store!  It was fabulous!  I recommend this store to all my curvaceous cuties out there!
4	Being a "BIG" girl in a city where personal image is everything (hottest nightclubs on earth, spray tan blondes, asian girls blessed with petite frames) and weather that makes you wish you could run around naked in the summer...Voluptous is a great boutique to offer another option when options are limited. The store stocks three sizes: 1x, 2x & 3x.  There are 2 items of each style in each size.  Sizes vary-many seem to be "junior" plus sizes which means they can run small.  This store is also highly trendy.  You won't find any investment pieces in here-everything is NOW and FUN and TRENDY.  There is a great selection of trends and everything is on point.  There are very sexy items for girls who want to put their best assets on display (low necklines, high skirt hems) as well as items that could fit into a more high-fashion crowd or even items that could possibly go with workwear.  My favorite part of the store was the Accessories section, full of over-the-top chunky bracelets, sparkly cocktail rings and statement necklaces.  I ended up buying a necklace that reminded me of a friends.  The friend bought hers at JCREW for $120.  Mine was $20. :)Everything in the store was under $30-and the quality seemed on par with stores like Forever 21, Charlotte Russe and Torrid.    Voluptuous' owners also run Patty's Closet next door; the store concepts are the same but the sizes are different.  Also worth checking out in the shopping complex: Pet'ographique a Pet friendly portrait studio. I'm sure I will return to Voluptous.  The staff was full of friendly girls willing to help out.  The prices are super reasonable.  The store is locally owned, and the vibe was fun.
5	Voluptuous is a great find for us girls with a lil extra! I was in town with my hubby (who had to work) and I wanted to shop.  Found this fantastic place here on yelp. Definitely worth the drive to Henderson :-))I was a little worried because I'm middle aged and do not have a junior plus figure anymore...not to worry. Some of the items were too tight in the bust or just not cut right for me. BUT I found many great pieces to try on (some I never would have considered, much less found at home!), and ended up walking out with 3 cute tops, a bracelet and some sweet earrings. All for under $100 (and I didn't even have the discount!).If you're lucky enough to have Jenny waiting on you, she's a riot - a great asset to the store.A couple tips: don't go in with only your regular size in mind. Because these clothes are cut for a younger body, you may need to look at a larger size. for example, at Lane Bryant I take a 1x, but at Voluptuous I bought tops in 2x & 3x. Who cares? They looked great!!Also, the plaza is one of MANY a. use GPS if you have it. Otherwise, coming down Eastern, it will be on your right - in the same plaza as Buffalo Wild Wings (they are on the sign by the road, but its easy to miss).Happy shopping!
5	Super friendly service!!! The clothes are very trendy and cute. I love how the clothes are sorted by colors. I bought a low cut black top that came with a super wide belt for $24. The jewelry section is amazing! Super long earrings and blingy cocktail rings reign! The best part is that it's all for such a good price! If you sign up for their text alerts you also get weekly texts discounts. Love this place!
