4	this place falls on the "right side of the tracks" so far as bars are concerned in edinburgh; that is it's away from the grassmarket and near upscale george street. they serve tasty tapas and have a friendly and attractive staff. not for the backpacker set, amicus apple attracts a more well dressed clientele who warm up here before hitting the spots on george street or beyond.
3	Mixture of young professionals, middle aged tarts on the pull, and neds with money.Painfully dull "uber" house soundtrack.Expensive drinks and a cocktail list identical to every other bar in the vicinity.Ridiculous decor.All present and correct, and another identikit "style" bar. Such places went out of date in other cities round about 2004, so god knows why the people of Edinburgh are still impressed by them.
4	Amicus Apple has always looked delicious to me, and I'll tell you why - that awesome 70s bubble chair they have in their wee beer garden!It's not even so much a beer garden as a classy outdoors area where people can have a drink, a gab and some lunch while also being at liberty to smoke if they so desire. This area sets the tone, and sits at the entrance of this rather stylish bar and restaurant just off Princes St.Serving up soup, sandwiches, burgers and a fancier take on chicken kebab, Amicus has quite the extensive menu for a cocktail bar. You can get a variety of foods, from some nibbles to accompany your drinks to a full-on sirloin steak! Put on your Sunday best and hop down to experience their special Sunday food service, or cut to the chase and get straight to dessert - they do an awesome Rocky Road. The cocktails are scrummy, and if you're feeling inspired to make your own, Amicus do their own cocktails masterclasses.Yes, Amicus attracts smarmy customers at times, and is full of people with money as Gavin says. But when I've been in (admittedly, during the day) it's not been at all bad. I'd happily take a bite out of this bar from time to time!
4	I think it deserves an extra star, don't you? I've come to love Amicus Apple. The staff are lovely - especially Emma. The food is good - especially the baked camambert, and the drinks are great - especially the cocktails. It's a lovely cosy bar, it's small enough to be intimate yet big enough to be roomy. During the festival they have a great little beer garden with red and white bubble chairs that you can get so easily lost in. It's slowly becoming one of my favourite places in the city!
4	If you're looking for an affordable snack, cocktail or lunchtime bite, in chilled out surroundings with comfy seats, then you're onto a winner with Amicus Apple. They have an excellent range of bites to keep your tummy happy and the desserts to follow are excellent too.I like the chilled out atmosphere in Amicus Apple with funky decor and friendly staff.Of course, you don't have to be dining to enjoy the full experience. They have an extensive cocktail menu all a bit more exciting than the boring old French Martini and all with funky names too. Each time I've visited, I've had a cocktail, or two... and try to have something different every time. It's just so hard to choose as I'd happily guzzle down one of each.I have a few favourite to recommend and these are:-Taste the rainbow - which actually just tastes like Skittles, it's a little bit dangerous.-Heartbreak - a mish mash of everything really.-Hollaback Girl - I originally got this because I really like the name but it's a zesty mix with kiwi infused vodka that's become one of my favourites!Ps. If you have a sweet tooth, try the white chocolate cheese cake - to die for!
3	A trendy establishment, but with friendly staff and food that ain't half bad.I've stopped by a few times: for lunch, for coffee, and for cocktails. All were quite enjoyable, although perhaps not oh-em-gee rantable.The food menu is quite big, the cocktail list is even bigger. Our food came quickly, the cocktails were fresh, inventive and tasty. And when I stopped by for coffee and requested an iced coffee, despite it not being on the menu, they whipped it up no problem in a tall glass with added cream. Take that starbucks.It has a nice vibe, although perhaps quite trendy. When I stopped here for coffee I'd just been climbing Arthur's Seat and in my jeans and trainers felt a little under dressed next to the gaggle of high-heeled, bejewelled ladies who lunch with cocktails at 4pm.I would definitely come again, although will be sure to swap the trainers for at least some dressy flats. I could happily spend an evening here trying a few of the exciting sounding cocktails - in fact, it's on my to-do list.
5	A Beautiful little hideaway on Frederick Street - Amicus Apple is stylish and tasty! The mood is always cosy with the comfy leather seats and in the winter the fireplace is perfect. I love that they always have a random film playing in the background to catch your eye in whilst waiting at the bar.The staff are always very friendly and seem to know the cocktail list off by heart. I've always had a good experience in this bar and would recommend to any people who are on their travels in Edinburgh.
4	Really cool and classy cocktail bar! I've had a few cocktails in my time here, they also do a mean steak sandwich! hello!
2	I have walked past this place hundreds of times I never been all that tempted by it but a friend was having her leaving night there so I went along.The place it's self was a bit showy and I got the impression that the dim lighting and colourful lights were just to mask the fact that it was a fairly bland bar. The music was blaring from the second we arrive at 8.30 pm so having a conversation was difficult at best.Biggest problem was the people, I knew from one look that this was a "trendy" bar, something which I certainly am not, but thats no excuse for being completely ignored by bar staff in favour of girls in short skirts.  The clientele were a nightmare too, admittedly it was a Saturday night and it is a stones throw from George Street so its no great surprise but most of the guys there seemed to walk around with a smug sense of superiority and had no problem (making an attempt at) literally pushing you the way at the bar if they felt you weren't cool enough to be in their presence.  No time for people like that, and it seemed to be full of them.While cocktail bars aren't my thing normally, I have been to enough to know what constitutes a good one and this one left just felt a bit hollow with no real substance.  Yeah they had a good list and the feedback from those drinking them were that they were good, but between the music, service and the people it's difficult to actually enjoy your drink which pretty much defeats the purpose.It may be a better place to go in the afternoon or during the week, but after my experience there I won't be rushing back any time soon to try again.
4	We popped in here for a quick dinner on our way to a Science Festival show, after we noticed they had a '2 for 1' deal on main courses when you booked online. I'd never been in before, but have a couple of friends that positively rave about the place, so I was naturally curious!It was a Wednesday night, and there was a good mix of 'after-work drinking' groups, 'after-shopping girlie' groups and our 'on our way to a show about the Psychology of Humour' group! The decor wasn't as flashy as I was expecting, and there were lots of cosy wee booths to sit in. The tables were well spaced out, and the music was at an acceptable level to permit good conversation. Both the drinks and food menu were exciting and extensive, and both were served fairly efficiently. We did get a wee bit edgy at one point as our food seemed to be taking longer than expected and, given we had to be somewhere to watch a show, we were cutting it fine to have time to enjoy it. However, it did arrive in time, and we did have time to enjoy it!My dining companions had the Crombie of Edinburgh's wild boar and apricot sausages, with caramelised onion mash and red wine gravy and many 'ooohhs', 'aaahhhs' and 'Mmmmm''s were emitted! My Thai green curry with roasted butternut squash was absolutely fantastic, and I would have happily married the chef by the time I ate the last mouthful...then he could cook it for me every day! : )Unfortunately, with the last mouthful, our visit came to an end as we had to dash off for some science and culture. I'll definitely be back to sample more food off this great, and reasonably priced menu...and to find out if the chef is single!
4	I went here for a cocktail and I ordered a Pink Angel, which was very tasty! Nice decor, particularly the bar was central and impressive. Loved that they had scented candles, which is nice to see in the afternoon. Barman seemed chatty and friendly. Nice little seating area outside.
3	A very pleasing cocktail bar / pub with some nifty cocktails on the list. I mostly use this as a  pre dinner meet-up place to drink and chat. They have returned the outside area back to the steps (as the decking they installed was not in the planning permission) - it does make a difference though as this lack of decking takes away the nice invitational look of the place.. Their staff is very friendly and knowledgeable on cocktails and the spirits they serve. The people visiting here (when I visit at least) are mostly young professionals and 'made of money' students. The place is not cheap, but I have visited more expensive places with less class. I'd like to give it 3.5 stars as they are better then the 3 stars I give to other places but slightly less then the 4 star I tend to give to my real Edinburgh favourites. It is convenient for restaurants and right beside Princes Street. But as the bar stools are uncomfortable and the normal chairs a little awkward it leans to a 3.
4	I met friends here for a Monday night dinner and when I walked in, I instantly got that Friday night feeling - aided by the sexy purple mood lighting and trendy vibe but I felt a little underdressed for the venue in my jeans and t-shirt. I browsed the cocktail menu whilst waiting for my company to arrive and was impressed by the extensive range on offer which sounded just too good to pass on so I opted for 'She's a Lady'. As soon as I tasted my first sip my face instantly beamed at this fruity delight and I wished it was the weekend so i could enjoy more of these babies! For dinner we shared chilli squid, haggis balls and mini sausages in honey-glazed sauce - mmm mmm mmm to start with. I hummed and hawed over my main but eventually decided on a burger with bacon, cheese and the best chips I have had since I can remember. I devoured the chips very quickly but  was unable to finish the burger. I felt it had something missing - not sure whether it was seasoning or because the chips were so tasty or maybe I had over indulged with the starters.On a whole, the service was excellent and we even appreciated the background music - something more laid back than that trendy beat you tend to get in cocktail bars - maybe that was because it was Monday night. At the end of the night I was ready for throwing some shapes on a dance floor so I will have to go back for the cocktails to kick off my weekend.
3	Service was great and venue was chic and contemporary.  Food was not at all bad for bar food.
4	Went back to Amicus Apple last night for a little birthday drink wth a couple friends and i still really like it... cosy and stylish! I decided on a Pink Angel and it was very nice. Waitress was very attentive, even asking what i would like to drink before I had my coat off!! Nice selections of drinks and would definatley say this is a place designed for the ladies!
4	Well done! What a wonderful transformation this bar has had.  Completely funked up and lots of inspired and sexy design features. The wall that used to adorn a 50" flat screen has been transformed to a life like 'living wall' feature - bright green moss enclosed in a glass front. Don't be fooled like I was.. I had a chat with the manager and he explained this is actually fake. but using natural materials. The miss match on chairs and tables is deliberate and if you pay a closer look it all fits very well together. The bar needs security guards. Why you may ask? Because a lot of money is on display - real money - EVERY bullet proof glass panel on the bar is deep filled with 5 pence pieces - yup. There is 10 (and a half) panels about an inch wide and filled to the brim with 5p coins.As this is a charity guessing game I will not disclose the amount of money locked into this bar.  - They will announce the competition very soon and all you need to do is guess how many 5 pence pieces there are. The winner will be able to donate all this money to their favourite charity. After that they will refill it with 10p coins and so forth.  I like this a lot! - Have a look at their homepage if you want more details.. but I was already making calculations whilst sipping my Estralla draft. They still have the the food area and this is in keeping with the whole funkiness. It is now slightly separated using wavy glass panels. The music levels were just right, not too loud and a very pleasant mix. I mention this as before it was a bit of a hit & miss, now it is right. I am pleased with the transformation - it is now a special place to visit. Again - Well done Amicus Apple, I will visit the bar a little more now.
3	Amicus Apple is not really my kind of place. The drinks are hugely expensive, they do a lot of cocktails and I'm not a massive cocktail fan and the clientele seems to be the Standard Life-after-work crowd. Not that I'm dissing the joint or its customers - it's just not somewhere I'd usually choose to go. Saying that, if you like cocktails it looks to me like they do some pretty decent ones. There's also a riddle on the menu, which I appreciated on many levels. It's not often you see riddles on a bar menu! There's a little space outside you can hope to sun yourself with a drink, but most of the seating is inside. I don't know what it's like during the day, but at night time the music is so loud you have to scream in folks' ears, which doesn't bode very well for chat. But hey. It is what it is. Could be a lot worse!
