5	I had been anxiously watching Baby's move in to their new location.  I was hoping it was a tasty as it sounded!  Boy was it ever!I ordered a Mediterranean Chicken Pita and My husband tried the Philly Steak.  We were both exceptionally happy with the food. The vegetables on my pita were so crunchy and delicious, the feta was smooth and yummy, the pita was super soft, and the chicken was perfect too!  The food was made quickly and the employees were friendly and helpful!!  They even came around and offered us a free piece of the most delicious lemon tart for dessert.  I was craving Baby's again by lunch time!If you are looking for a quick and casual dining experience in Glendale you have to check out Baby's!
2	Rare for me I went twice before writing a review.  The first time I went I got their club sandwich which was ok but I wanted to try their Philly cheese steak which is their signature sandwich.  The place is still nice and shiney and the employees are constantly cleaning the place.  Their opening rush of business seems to have tapered off a bit but it was still fairly busy with dine in and take out orders.  Both times I was there about 7PM.I already mentioned the MJ Club was ok.  The lemonade was really good.  The second time I was there I got the little lemon pie which looked small but was plenty for a dessert and really tasty.  I got the philly cheese steak and the insides with peppers, onions, mushrooms was really good.  It comes with a fork and knife but I forged ahead and ate it like a sandwich and ended up wearing part of it, again.  Where they failed was the bun,  it may have been fresh a couple of days before but not by the time I go to it.  The on table BBQ sauce helped and made for an interesting overall taste but the bread just killed it.Price wise they are ok but with a drink I was up about $12 each time which is at the high end of what I consider fast food.
4	This is quickly becoming a favorite.  i went there twice in one week -- impressive.  I went in with my son last week and we both enjoyed it.  At 3, he's already a lemonade connoisseur, so we had to try both the strawberry and regular lemonade.  They were both so delicious, he had to keep going back and forth between the two.  They  have good deals on kids food.  For $4 you get your choice of hot dog, grilled cheese, beef pizza puff or chicken tenders all served with fries -- pretty standard. The first time i went in i got the crispy philly (steak).  it was absolutely amazing!!!  i definitely recommend getting that if you've never been in before.  The next time i ordered Armando Spicy Steak Philly and it was also very very good. i finished it and probably should have stopped, but my mom still had almost half of her crispy philly left and i had to devour that, too.  There are still several things i want to try.  Everything i've seen looks good. The service is really good, too! The staff is very helpful and friendly.  Even though it's counter-service, they bring you your food and regularly check to see how things are and if you need anything else.Some people may think it's a bit pricey, but the most expensive item on the menu is the MJ Club (8.49).  Most items are around $7.  You can keep your cost down by getting a regular soda instead of their lemonade (but you won't want to).  For the quality of food and service you get, it is WELL worth the price and i will be going back.  Maybe even later this week.
4	Not bad for a fast food joint. Clean and friendly staff. Lemonaide was not my choice with steak sandwich as that is a weird combo for me. But did enjoy the food, which I took home to eat
4	It was good. I had Strawberry lemonade, crispy chicken Philly. $10.00 The Philly was a lightly deep fried flour tortilla filled with chicken, onions, peppers, and cheese. It was cooked perfectly and filled well. The chicken was a tad bit dry but the veggies and cheese helped out. The Lemonade was great. The prices are a little high. the sandwiches do not include any frys or drinks. So be careful or you end up with a $15 Philly, frys and drink. I will go back, but not somewhere I would go every week.
4	The best thing on the menu is the lemonade. All of them are good. Especially the strawberry lemonade. The Arnold Palmer is also delicious as is the blueberry lemonade. My wife and I have tried the Phillies and we liked them a lot. The one thing I didn't care for, and this could be because I took them home on a take out order, were the buffalo fries. They were limp when I had them at home. The prices are about par with any other Chicago style restaurant. We tend to pay about 10$ a person when we go.
4	I don't have a whole lot to say about this place other than the Crispy Steak is the way to go!  A big burrito sized tortilla stuffed with steak, mushrooms, and cheese and deep fried is certainly the way to my heart.  In a word, DELICIOUS!  Their lemonade stuff is kind of weird, and the pineapple flavor of the month wasn't really there.  Who cares when you have all that fried goodness to indulge in instead.  If you are out and about in this area, this is a pretty good place to stop and try.
2	I seem to have made a mistake by ordering a gyro here.  Not only did it not feature any lamb but the slices of beef were entirely too large to eat gyro-style.  The taste was fine but it was a pretty basic gyro.  I've had better from a cart in front of Central Park.  Meh is a good word.The lemonade was way too sour.  What's with the trend of the sour lemonade lately?  I shouldn't have to add a pack of sugar! I will give this place another chance and order a cheese steak meal next time but the gyro is crap.Also, what's with the Cubs stuff?  Cubs suck!
4	I've tried Baby's out a few times for lunch and after dining ever time I walk out afterwards thinking, "not bad, not great, was expecting a little better."  I'm really waiting to have their Philly Steak Sandwich or hot dogs Wow me.  Wanting that extra flavor oozing out to put it above something just ordinary.The location is ideal for the area with nice corner exposure.  Each time I've been here it's been relatively busy so they must be doing something right.  Service has always been helpful and they know what they're doing.  I don't know if this is a bad thing, but I feel the best thing about the restaurant is the decor.  The two murals of the Chicago skyline located inside makes you feel like you're in a boat on Lake Michigan enjoying decent food.The restaurant is still new and I think they are headed in the right direction.
4	Fantastic food! Homemade lemonade with variations! Al C is awesome, not too spicy, but enough of a kick to wake you up. Eating in is the best, as the food is best eaten hot. If one of the clerks recommends something, follow their advice, not only are they friendly, they know their product well and are proud of it!
3	First, lets talk about lemonade. This place is called "Baby's Steak and Lemonade," so I expect some pretty awesome lemonade. It tasted more like lemon flavored sugar water. I would rather drink lemonade from Hot Dog on a Stick or from the fair. Maybe I got a bad batch? I am a lemon lover, so maybe what taste like a hint of lemon for me is plenty of lemon for the next individual? The person I was there with did agree that the lemonade was not spectacular. They do let you taste it first, which is generous. The food I tried as the gyro, the fried philly, the french fries, and the Chicago dog. The fries are so so. Taste frozen, but they are fine. The fried philly was flavorful and moist. Mmm. The gyro meat and sauce were tasty. As good a gyro as you would want from a steak place I guess. The bread as too soft for me though. It would be better toasted. The Chicago dog was great and had all the right toppings. Overall, it's what I would expect. Nothing mind blowing, but satifies a naughty craving for a philly dripped with cheese or a classic Chicago dog.Also, the waitress was sweet enough to bring over a balloon for my 5 month old. It was his first time playing with a balloon and he laughed like crazy. So we left there very happy. Another employee came by and asked how we were doing. The staff are all very nice.
4	Husband and I have decided to start trying different food spots from the norm. We were in the area and decided on Baby's (or bah-bee's, as Husband likes to pronounce it). I had seen an ad in some mailer and knew that they offered sugar-free lemonade (for the diabetic husband). He was excited for that, as he loves lemonade and can never have it outside the home. Anyway, we were there around 7pm on a Friday night and the place was pretty bare so I was a little skeptical. A few kids hanging in the parking lot and one person waiting for their to-go order. The cashier was very friendly. As we were looking at the menu he asked if we had ever been there and then proceeded with samples of both regular and strawberry lemonade. He suggested the crispy Phillies, and had I read prior reviews, would probably had ordered that. We went with the original Phillies. Husband had Buffalo fries and sugar-free strawberry lemonade, I had garlic fries and strawberry lemonade. The lemonades were decent. The regulars are stored already made in the fridge counter shelf. The sugar-free was made to order with Splenda. They blend the drinks, so that's a yummy plus for me.The sandwiches were good. Not amazing, but not bad either. I'd maybe prefer my onions and green peppers to be not as soft as they were, but I'm really not too picky. They told us that Baby's Secret Sauce is good on the Phillies, which it was. A sweet bbq-ish sauce with a little kick. Husband really liked his fries...regular fries doused with buffalo sauce...I think Franks since there was a bottle on the table. They came with a side of ranch. The garlic fries were also good and came with sour cream...reminds me of a yummy baked potato. The staff came by our table a couple times to ask if all was well and to clear the trash.Our meals were the special - Philly, fries & drink for $8.49. Normal prices would make it a little on the pricey side, but it was good food.The menu is diverse and I think they'd have something for everyone. They even have a peanut butter and apple jelly sandwich. I have no idea if that may be a Chicago staple, but I have never seen a peanut butter/apple jelly sandwich on a restaurant's menu...only make them at home.By the time we left, there had been a couple to-goers and a few eating in, with a couple ordering, so I decided that maybe business wasn't so slow after all. We will definitely be back so I can try the Crispy Philly!
2	I have been here twice. The first time was OK but I wanted to give them another shot before forming an opinion. Well....the second time was the same as the first. The first visit I tried the Philly and buffalo fries. I didn't like the sandwich but the fries were good. This time I liked the Philly better and had the regular fries (meh). The young lady at the counter wasn't very attentive and somehow I ordered the special, I ate the special but paid way more than the special.WTH? The lemonade was not very good either. Its hard for me to justify spending that kind of money on a sandwich combo when I could go around the corner to Uncle Sam's and have better quality for half the price. I will not go back to Baby's.
5	I've eaten here a few times and it's been great every time. My favorite has to be the Crispy Philly though, which is a classic Philly Cheesesteak wrapped in a tortilla and deep fried, really good with a little bit of the secret sauce as well. Also had the strawberry lemonade which was excellent.
4	Been a few times. Never dissapointed and always busy. I like fresh lemonade. but the steak sandwich is awesome. If on the westside worth stopping by. The worst thing about this place is the fact you have to deal with the super walmart parking lot...
4	Dropped by here for lunch today and apparently it has closed down.  There was a sign on the front door from the landlord saying that the tennant has not pay it's rent and the place is closed.  Tried to call the business phone number and it was disconnected.  Too bad because this was a decent place for lunch.
3	Due to circumstances out of our control, Baby's has been temporarily closed. We are hoping to reopen very soon. We will keep you updated via this website. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.Thank you for your continued support of Baby's in Glendale.
1	This was one of those restaurants that you knew was bound to fail in 18 mos. great location but completely over priced.  their signature cheese steak sandwich was 'steakums' minced to nothing w/ some pieces of onion and a couple of green pepper pieces throughout.  All this for $8  I brought my daughter there and her chicken fingers and drink and my sandwich and drink and fries was over $20....    not in this town ... there are just too many other options where you get a better value for your buck .  Just keepin ' it real.
