3	They delivered the pizza on Super Bowl Sunday . . and it was so so . . . It got to us fairly quick but it was slightly overcooked and more salty than normal. Three stars .... =-/
1	Second time getting pizza delivered today and it's my second time being disappointed. Both times the pizza wasn't even cut. I had to get out my own pizza cutter! I ordered hand-tossed pizza and what I got was about as thin as a piece of paper. I try to pick a piece up and it just flops down. The crust was uneven- thick on one half and super thin on the other half. It was warm, not hot. Tasted pretty salty. Not happy at all!!
1	If you want cheap pizza that tastes good go to Little Caesars 5 Bucks and your out the door! Unfortunately when I order here I get cold pizza looks like crap and comes with no peppers and cheese!  But ya I suppose you get what you pay for =)
1	Ordered once from this store before.. Took over an hour an a half.  The online tracker kept changing times of when it left the store.  Once the pizza finally came, it was luke warm and the driver said that they are short staffed.  We gave them the benefit of the doubt and ordered again.  Figured, maybe it was a one time thing.  Now, it's been an hour and 15 minutes since the order.  The online tracker said one thing while the store manager passively said they are "super busy" and the tracker is wrong.   This is now twice from the same store that it has taken more than an hour with no sense of apology.  Do not order.
1	I'm so annoyed with this store and Domino's in general! Yes you can order online, that's nice.  But a few days ago (Sunday) we ordered 2 pizzas, after 45 minutes we decided to call the store only to find out the number you call is a call center.  They then transfer you to another call center that has the capabilities to transfer you to the store.  Well, after an hour we decided to cancel as we were all starving (and had to make a Taco Bell run), I explained to the manager that this was unacceptable so she gave me a few options. I chose to take a credit, even though we had not already paid, and give them another chance.  Well, today we gave them another try and it happened again.  A Tuesday afternoon and they are too busy to handle an order of 2 medium pizzas.  After nearly an hour our pizza showed up and it was hot, so that's good, but I'm done giving them chances.  There's plenty of cheap pizza places close to our home.
5	Yummy yummy pizza
1	Very disappointed, for the 2nd order in a row we did not receive an item we ordered, last time it was the stuffed cheese bread, we let that slide, this time an entire pizza was missing, the white sauce with Philly steak and mushrooms did not arrive with the first driver, we had to wait another 30 minutes for the 2nd pizza to arrive, very disappointing.
1	Horrible food!!! The pizza was extremely dry and had no sauce or cheese according to the manager corporate said they were using to much cheese! The delivery driver was rude and had no personality at all didn't speak one word to us. We ordered cheesy bread and it had no cheese maybe you should change the name since corporate is saying they are using too much cheese. The manager did not seem to care when we called to complain and was actually very rude, I have never had such horrible service until now. Will not be ordering anything from that store from now on.
1	Domino's has ruined my night. I got home late, my delivery had just shown up, the number they had on file didn't know there was a pizza coming. I call the store for FIFTEEN MINUTES, at least TEN TIMES-no answer! Finally they answer their phone and then proceed to tell me the driver was too scared to come back to my house, actual words "he said it was dark and he felt uncomfortable" then the manager added the store was about to close, so all in all, my pizza cannot be delivered. I understand the manager cannot make his child of a driver deliver my pizza if he claims to be "uncomfortable", so I still want my pizza, and decide to go down myself for my now AT LEAST 20 minute late pizza-mmm, yum. Plus, it'll be nice to put a face to this driver who must be 12-yrs-old.I get there, no one is up front when they KNEW I was coming! I literally waited three minutes before the driver noticed a customer up front and all he did was call for the manager and go back to the back. Guess what? He looked to be about 35 years old, what the-I'm really trying not to curse throughout this review, but I am LIVID. The manager comes up, looking like he's now the one scared of me, and by the way, this guy looks to be around 18. Not that he's too young to be a manager but he was obviously lacking confidence and intelligence from the whole scenario I'm having with him.I'm just wondering a few things. Not why they have jobs at all, that would be mean, though the driver really needs to look into a new job if he can't drive to a normal looking neighborhood at night, definitely a poor choice for his career. But I'm also wondering why no one was checking the front more frequently, there was an extremely easily accessible donation jar in my reach the entire time. Someone could easily walk in and walk out. Why my phone calls weren't answered until they were almost closed-actually I was definitely calling longer than 15 minutes. I actually did ask him why they never answered the phone, his response was he was counting the inventory in the walk-in. ARE YOU KIDDING ME!? Your phone is ringing repeatedly during the span of a few minutes, you really aren't going to stop and answer?? Or if you couldn't hear it your employee couldn't tell you the phone was ringing REPEATEDLY!!!!!!??!!?!??!???!?!?!!WHY THE HELL ARE THESE TWO THE ONLY ONES IN THE STORE ON A FRIDAY NIGHT!?!?!?!?? -Honestly, all this was just pasted from my Facebook post.As a follow up, I was able to get a hold of the store's GM this morning to tell him about the FIVE charges I found on my bank account, essentially he solved my problem, refunding the money and also giving my a credit for my next pizza with them, but I was unimpressed by the feel I got from him on the phone. I really need the DM to be aware that this particular store seems to be falling apart and may need to be checked on.Names of Domino's staff that "helped" me:Justin-GMAndre-Manager On DutyShane-Driver
1	I'm not one to write reviews but after today I feel obligated to let everyone know of the terrible customer service that we received over the phone. From the moment i called I received nothing but complete rudeness from the employee. After asking for the employee's name he refused to tell me and said "what I am asking is beyond customer service". When speaking to the manager, I told him what happened and he did nothing about it. Stay far far away! Besides Pizza Hut is better.
1	Two of the staff members were on the phone and the register, one of then had pizza cheese and sauce all over his fingers while helping the guest. Right after one was done he immediately went back to making food with his unwashed ungloved hands. Once the other employee was finished I told her about what I had just witnessed and she seemed concerned... Until we walked out AND SHE DID THE SAME THING! also I think they're in the middle of remodeling? Idk but it was dirty the floors were so dirty. I definitely won't be going back to this place.
3	Omg they changed the way they make their pizzq. They use a different kind of crust, like it has been pre made for Domino's!It was super oily and when we got home the oil was soaking the box which is yucky and makes it not a healthy kind of pizza to serve your family or yourself.
4	Domino's has delicious pizza, every time! It's always fast, then again we go in to the store to pick it up. I don't understand the negative feedback...honestly what all can you expect from a restaurant chain? I love it, they've got my vote!
1	They suck big time!!!- don't give ur biz to this store- they r rude, they put u on hold for hours - lmao
5	I love their new pan pizza!! Its fast and cheap and the staff was very friendly and found me the best Deal!! Ill be back for sure.
5	As far as Dominos goes this location delivers.  I love the chicken and bacon pizza with bbq sauce.  So good.  I always order online and love the pizza tracker.  Georgi is always very polite and very fast.  Use the coupons and you can't go wrong.  Free delivery with Shoprunner.
5	Have ordered from them before and just ordered again!!!  They are awesome!!
