2	So I had some pretty high expectations for this spa.  Mainly because its an Elizabeth Arden spa, it has many locations across the US in well known areas, and the website/menu of services looked good.  I have to tell you, I was very disappointed.  I had the Brazilian waxing and the Signature Pedicure.  I came in almost 15 min before my appointment & the person at the front desk didn't look too excited to see me.  He just dragged me to the changing area & didn't tell me about the resort.  I had to ask what the lovely pool area was & if I could use it after my services.  Then when I got passed to the changing room, the lady there just took me to a locker & didn't explain if I needed to strip down all the way or anything like that.  So I had to ask, that's fine.  Then when I was done, I didn't know where I should go.  Should I stay in the locker area or go to the sink area where she was?  So I poked around & she asked if I was done.  She then brought me to the Tranquility Room, where they have snacks, water, tea, & silence.  That was nice.  Then my technician came to get me, but she came out of an elevator, that was kinda cool.  Then the madness began.My tech's name was Ashley.  She was fairly young.  I didn't hold this against her because I work w/ young techs & massage therapists at my spa.  However, my gut feeling was right.  When she started to rip off the wax, she was ripping in a weird motion.  It wasn't up or down or with/against the grain, just off.  I was doing fine for about 20 min until she kept going over the same area.  This went on for about 4 more times.  I could feel my skin start to feel tingly, that can't be good.  She kept making comments to herself like "This stubborn hair," or "You're bleeding, but that's a good thing.  It means your hair is standing up."  At this point, I knew she was crazy!  So I told her she didn't have to get all the hair if she couldn't the first time.  HINT:  STOP IT!!!!!  The entire waxing service took almost 1.5 hours.  When she left I was in pain & my private parts were puffy from all the ripping.  And to my surprise, it wasn't even a good job.  There was still hair there!!!!  So I jumped up & waxed what I could myself.  Sad huh?  I could barely walk & put on my robe.  But I had a pedi to go to next, that should make up for it right?Not really.  My nail tech, Marlene, was pissed that my previous appt ran over.  I have no idea if she was mad at me or my waxing lady.  In any case, she let me know it by not talking to me during the service.  I had to initiate the conversation w/ her.  I realize that I'm the last one there, but it wasn't my fault.  Blame the waxing chick!  My pedi was pretty good & she didn't rush, it was just a little uncomfortable.  Towards the end of my pedi, I worked up the nerve to ask for the manager.  Thank God I did!  The only reason why I gave this spa an extra star is because she (I can't remember her name) didn't make me pay for my service.  She was actually really understanding & sincere.  Something that's also weird, they add 20% on your service when you pay , which is for gratuity & its amendable.  But, usually when you're leaving the spa you don't realize that's the tip!!!  So, you may be tipping twice if you leave something for them in the room.  I find that odd, I thought I could determine what good service is by the tip, but apparently, they did that for me.  I don't think I'll be going back to this spa, at least not in AZ.  I may try the San Francisco location, only because I have a discount there.
4	My best friend and I had a fabulous time during our first Red Door Spa experience. Having the Spa at the Wigwam Resort we were staying at made it extra special. In fact, it was right behind our little building. We were greeted by a friendly staff who were able to accommodate our request for an earlier appointment. We got a tour of the facilities, the lap pool, locker rooms, the relaxation room, sauna, steam room, the ladies-only courtyard with a hot tub. Having booked the Aqua Duo Relaxation combo, we each started our treatments in our own rooms with big, jet tubs next to a fireplace. There were lemon & cucumber waters, teas and candied walnuts waiting for us. It was an relaxing milk-bath and I enjoyed every minute! Next was the Signature Red Door Spa Massage. It was fantastic and my masseuse was very professional and tailored the massage to my specification.The steam room was at the pefect temperature and I enjoyed using the wooden spoon to pour water over the rocks in the sauna.   We relaxed in the outdoor courtyard before returning to the locker rooms.Overall the facility was beautiful, relaxing and exactly what we expected.  We definitely enjoyed our time here and look forward to our next visit!
5	I've been coming to the Red Door for a while now and it only recently occurred to me that I should "yelp" them. Shame on me but certainly not a reflection of the spa itself.I go to the Red Door mostly for salon services but the spa services here are outstanding. My review though is going to be solely about the salon. If you are in need of a good hairstylist, I have one word for you. It's the only word you need to know and will ever need again. Gaston. Who is Gaston? Gaston is only the most spectacular magician of hair that has ever walked the earth. Forget Fredric Fekkai. Forget Jose Eber. Ken Paves who? Louis Licari has NOTHING on Gaston.  Gaston works hair miracles all while providing service that is beyond compare. He gives great advice on color and style even taking the time to teach you how to do your hair so that you too can look just like you walked out of the salon every day. Gaston is a diamond in the rough and I can't sing his praises enough despite the fact that I have reservations about sharing him with the world. I want to keep him to myself....but someone with a gift like Gaston shouldn't be kept in the dark. I will warn you...services at the Red Door are kind of pricey but haven't you lived with that mousey Super-Cuts hair-do for long enough? Call the Red Door at the WigWam today and ask for Gaston. Seriously. Now. Your grays will thank you and you can thank me later. ;) Why haven't you called Gaston yet?
5	I visited this spa during a weekend retreat for work at the Wigwam resort. I got the most a-MAZE-ing manicure and pedicure. Monica was my nail technician. She took such great care of me and did a gorgeous job. My hands were so soft and delicate after my luxurious manicure. I would drive all the way to Litchfield Park again just for this 5 star treatment. I highly recommend this spa!
5	Louisa is a brazillian wax guru! First of all, I am big on experience, and the atmosphere at Red Door was absolutely phenomenal. It is tranquil, relaxing and from the moment I walked in the door, I was at ease.I have been waxing regularly for about 9 months now and thought I had had some good experiences until yesterday when I saw Louisa at Red Door.  In my previous experiences, I have always walked away very tender and with bumps for a couple of days I thought this was the norm, but realized after seeing Louisa it wasn't. Yesterday I walked away silky smooth and without pain. She even recommended a soothing lotion to use post-wax!Now I know no wax is painless, but Louisa minimized the pain as much as possible and empathized with the whole experience. While it was a bit more than I have paid in the past ($75), it was well worth it, and I will absolutely be going back to Louisa for all my waxing from now on.I would highly recommend Red Door Spa--it is worth every penny!!! They even give you a free day pass to use the pool, sauna and fitness center.
4	My bff and I decided to have a whole day of pampering and because this spa has a sauna and a steam room (apparently, the Scottsdale one doesn't), we decided for this location.  We arrived around 10 and were immediately greeted and treated very well.. whisked away to the Lady's room where we were offered a tour of the amenities (sauna, steam room, hot tub, pool, etc...).  The main vanity area was well-equipped with things like hair dryer, combs, slippers, lotions, etc, but according to my friend, it was under-par to the Vegas spa amenities she had previously.I got a facial and the gal was really nice and very educational and gentle with me.  She was not overly talkative (like I prefer) and let me zone out to fully relax.  I had Corazon for a seaweed wrap and really enjoyed that, also.  Cora was friendly and not overly talkative and let me relax as well.  The facilities were very nice (though sub-par to Vegas spas) and the personnel were always friendly and accommodating.  I liked the healthy snacks they had (apples) and the lemon water, too.  I did spend a pretty penny here.. but hell, we were there from 10am till 4pm, using all the amenities, so that was worth it.  According to my friend, we paid just slightly less for our services than what she paid at this other high-end spa outside of Vegas.. so maybe it was relatively appropriate (the amenities and such) for the price.I'd come back again, but not before I'd try other spas to get a flavor for what is good and what is great.
5	Great color correction and hair services by Amy.  Excellent staff...never disappointed with my experiences here.-Kelly V.
5	One of my BEST spa experiences! I've patronized many spas at "destination spots" and have to contend with crowds/rudeness/attitudes and just plain crazies. The Red Door Spa at the Wigwam Resort in Litchfield Park is a TREASURE for the West Valley, quiet/low-keyed/amazing attentive staff/plus you can order lunch by the pool from REDS.....what a treat, which I recommend! I highly suggest the Olive Oil manicure/pedicure and the Red Door Signature massage. I love this place!
5	This spa is a hidden gem in the West Valley. Their customer service is out of this world amazing and they really understand the spa experience. They encourage you to stay and enjoy the amenities regardless of how much cash you spend on service. You could come in for a polish change and the treat you no differently than if you spend $500 in spa services. (which I totally recommend because their staff is AMAZING) Make the trip to the West Valley and give this spa a try. You'll LOVE it!
5	I love LOVE Red Door Spas.  I use to go to the Biltmore area one until I discovered there is one down the street from me.  It is a hidden gem!  This location is 2 stories of magic.  With any service they invite you to enjoy the spectacular fireplaces and their   lap pool.  I was greeted as soon as I walked in the RED door.  The staff is so awesome.  It is a pretty big location, many relaxing areas, ladies only courtyard with a hot tub outside, etc!  I got the Olive Oil Salt Body Glow, Red Door Signature Massage, and Time Saver Facial for myself as a bday gift.  Love the ice tea they offer there.Olive Oil Salt Body Glow:  WOW, my skin is scrubbed, rubbed, and soft.  And I showered the salt off in an outside shower.  It was awesome!!!Red Door Signature Massage:  Oh my, I was in and out of consciousness.  I feel like melted butter after the massage.Time Saver Facial:  It was a nice express facial.  Gentle exfoliation, mask, massage, & moisturizer.  Nice!
5	I went to the spa because I bid on and won a gift certificate at a silent auction with Gaston Andres.     I showed him a photo of the haircut I normally get.   He looked at it and showed me a picture on the wall of a cut he said would like much nicer, but I'd have to understand the cut may be a bit more "severe" than I'm used to.    I told him to go for it.    I love my new style.     I get compliments on it all the time.   And I can actually make it look similar to how he styled it, which is a surprise for me.     His tips on using the blow dryer was the first time I've heard them from a hairdresser.   He is 35 miles from my house, but I would definitely return.
1	It started good..then went downhill. The massages were mediocre. I booked online for a male masseuse and got a female instead. I was told they had only 1 male masseuse and he was on-call. After massages and my very quick 20 minute hydrotherapy bath ( which advertise longer)...I went to relax by the lap pool where I witnessed the staff cater to everyone else but me & my mom. We sat out for an hour and no one checked on us. Didn't ask if we wanted anything or if we were ok. They brought out the other women drinks and food menus. I didn't even know they had a food menu. When I checked out, I inquired and reception told me  "I should've ask"..really? Very rude. I spoke with the manager and she apologized and gave us gift certificates to return. This was our first visit to this facility. I have frequent Red Door Spas in Chicago and Phoenix-Camelback and never had such a negative experience. I won't be back at this one but will return to the other locations. Not trying to say anything but we were the only African-American guest at the pool area ..(just saying, my mom noticed it). I really hope that wasn't it.
5	I very much enjoyed the time spent yesterday at the Red Door Spa at the Wigwam. I got an olive oil manicure and pedicure from Cindy and it was an incredible experience!  Every employee there was so kind and attentive.  I look forward to the next trip there!  I recommend that anyone looking for an excellent spa experience go to the Red Door Spa at the Wigwam!
5	This was my first visit to Red Door Spa and it was definitely 5 star worthy. My review is mainly salon specific as I went to a highly YELP reviewed hairdresser named Gaston.   I was desperate to find someone who earned reviews anonymously rather than taking the advice of my friends which although their intentions were good, it's led to some disasters. Gaston was polite, respectful, and patient as he listened to me ramble on about my hair struggles. He wasn't afraid to tell me when he thought something wasn't good for my hair and what he thinks I've been doing wrong and that's exactly what I need: an advisor not a pleaser!  He gave me a treatment specific treatment plan to repair and fortify my hair over the summer and gave me specific techniques to keep my hair type healthy. His directions are clean and concise; he's a great teacher.  I've lived in the area for over FIFTEEN years and it never dawned on me that the Salon and Spa existed ticked within the walls of the Wigwam Resort!!  It truly is a hidden gem for the valley's west side. I received a complimentary day pass and I look forward to utilizing it  TIPS for first timers:  They need a credit card on file at all times, so prepare to give them one upon your first appointment call. Tip each person who assisted you.  In my case, I left a tip for Gaston and Jasmine (she washed my hair and did a scalp massage.)  Parking is available for salon patrons, but to get there you must enter main gate of Wigwam Resort, take a sharp left, and follow road towards Red Door Spa.
5	I was worried about spending more to have my hair done at the spa but since I get such a great cut I can go 3 to 4 months without having it done.  And, when I do have it done I have it scheduled at 11am that way I can arrive early and enjoy the free (with service) spa amenities, such as the quiet pool, hot tub, sauna, and yummy coffee.  I drop my son off at school and go to the spa to have my hair done, it's a perfect little mommy morning.  I love this place so much I will be traveling from San Diego to Litchfield Park to have my hair done by Tiffany S.  The spa is wonderful, but if Tiffany ever moved I would have to follow her - even if to the Arctic!
4	Really appreciated getting a 'fill' (acrylic nails) yesterday from Simone.  I had only gone to the walk-in nail salons since moving to the area recently, but wasn't comfortable with what I was seeing. (Lack of state mandated hygiene procedures, possible fraudulent licenses..and finally fungus.).  So I figured, time for the best!  The Wigwam/Red Door was that!  The only reason I left off a star was their appointment person clearly didn't understand nail terminology and made the appointment for a 'polish change'.
3	I received a gift certificate for Christmas. Since I work at a salon, the only thing I was interested in was a massage. I got the Elizabeth Arden Signature Massage. When I spoke to the receptionist, he said I could get firm pressure and trigger points, which was what I wanted Bc I like more than Swedish, but not always Deep Tissue. I could tell the LMT was more versed in Swedish, as the pressure was very light. She also tried to talk to me a lot in the beginning, but as I stopped answering her she got the hint. The aromatherapy aspect was nice. After my massage was finished she escorted me to the relaxation room. It was the opposite. Another LMT literally ran by stomping her feet and I could hear her nearly screaming through the door to her waiting client. I promptly went downstairs. I definitely enjoyed the fact that you can use the entire facility as long as you wish. I tried the steam room, and loved it. I do wish the receptionist would've mentioned this perk when I booked my appointment Bc I would've allotted myself more time to spend enjoying the grounds. The hostess and manager (who checked me out) were really nice and helpful. It just isn't my scene. The couple clutching onto one another lovingly on the couch creeped me out. No guests talked to one another. Lots of people just sitting around, sipping iced tea and watching television. I can find better ways to spend my money! Would never never never pay that amount for a massage without the gift certificate. I was hoping it would be one of the best massages I've ever had. It wasn't memorable and best described as mediocre.
