2	Not the best dentist office. Definitely had to wait some time before being seen. I appreciated the directness of the dentist on if I should be getting an onlay. In the end, in getting it or not getting it would lead to the same end result, a crown, so might as well wait. I typically go to a different dentist office in N. Scottsdale and they seemed to always push preventive procedures, like the onlay. The reason that I would return to the dentist in N. Scottsdale and not this one is because I felt the area where patients went looked dingy and dirty and I was very queasy about the dental assistant placing the x-ray bites in my mouth (used mouthwash like crazy when I got home!). Also, they made it seem like they were doing me a favor cleaning my teeth and the teeth cleaning lasted for a short time where it felt like they only cleaned a couple of my teeth. (Maybe I have really clean teeth though, who knows) The office I go to in N. Scottsdale uses a water pick thingy and they spend a decent amount of time going over all of my teeth. I will not re-visit this office again (as like stated above, I've experienced better) but I do appreciate the dentist's second opinion on having an onlay done.
2	was not very pleased with my visit, I was made to wait longer than my Appt time by a half an hour showed up 15 min early for paper work so a total of 45 min,  only to be given a hard time because I didn't have  a not from my Dr because I was pregnant (which I asked if I needed when I made the appt and was told no) I then saw the Dr and was basically told they could do nothing for me I explained I was in a lot of pain and he didn't even give me a script for antibiotics to get rid of the infection from the abscess tooth, all they did was take one x ray and never even gave my mouth an exam. Front lobby was dingy and not well kept the light in the bathroom was out and basically I really feel I was not treated as well as some of the other patients in the office. ( I felt like they catered specifically to the Latin population ) I will be looking for a different Dentists ASAP. I can say one of the girls in the lobby who then also served as my hygienist was very sweet and that is why I gave them 2 starts instead of one. But save yourself time and frustration go else where.
5	GREAT office, GREAT staff... I have been with Palm dental for last 2 years. Dr. Ash is More than Awesome. I had pain for 3 years and every time i went to a Dentist they made my pain even worst until i found Dr Ash. I had the best experience there and for last 2 years i had no pain. I highly recommend him and his staff.
1	Not at all happy with this dental office for the following reasons:1- forced me to get 18 X-rays and head scan.  I should not have to pay for a service that I don't want just to get my teeth cleaned.2- I arrived 15 minutes early and had to wait 45 minutes after my scheduled appt.3- NOT THOROUGH CLEANING.  All she did was clean with the paste and floss for 5 minutes.  No scraping of plaque and I did not receive that fresh and clean feeling I've gotten at all other dental offices. 4-  Reception lady did not call a day ahead to remind me of a visit.  No bag with toothbrush and floss etc upon leaving.  And I was supposed to be emailed pricing for some cosmetic dentistry and I have yet to receive anything.  She was rude about my request for not wanting X-rays and maybe I received poor service for that reason.I will not be returning to palm dental and cannot recommend them to others.
5	The best office I have ever visited! I totally recommend this dental office to those who want great service and an awesome dentist. Upon entering the office, the receptionist greeted me very kindly. As I was called back to the room, the assistant was friendly and assisted my needs very properly. I got an exam and a full set of x-rays. Now I know that A LOT of people hate the x-ray part because they a so uncomfortable but the assistant was extra carful and gentle placing the x-ray in my mouth. It just made the whole process much smoother. When Dr. Ash came in the room to do the exam, he was very kind as he even shook my hand and introduced himself. He then explained each thing he saw I needed and did not hesitate to answer all my questions. he made it very clear that he does NOT over charge or recommend something else than what I really need. A previous dentist recommended I get a deep cleaning and Dr. Ash saw that I was in need of a regular cleaning, he explained that I did not have bone loss as shown in the x-rays or that I did not have deep pockets and therefore I only need a regular cleaning. That took a good load of stress off my shoulders because I know how deep cleanings are expensive.(not in my budget) The cleaning went very well, the assistant was gentle and I loved that I actually felt a difference in my teeth! Overall, my experience was satisfying and defiantly will return for my dental treatment!
