5	This review is actually for the "Danny's Family Gourmet Market."This location is conveniently located on the corner of Tatum and Deer Valley, right next door to In-N-Out.  I go in quite a bit to pick up a cold drink, snack, etc... in addition to getting gas when necessary.The other day, I went in specifically looking for a Diet Sprite (or now they call it Sprite Zero).  I went to the spot in the far back right side of the store and to my dismay, they seemed to be out.  I was disappointed but I wasn't going to say anything; I just went to walk out.  However, the guy behind the counter stopped me and asked if he could help me with anything.  When I told him it seemed they were out of what I was looking for, he stopped what he was doing and went to the back to see if they had any back there...Sure enough, Cesar came back with two cold bottles of Sprite Zero for me... I walked out happy and once again, pleased that customer service still exists at some places today!
5	I don't wash my truck here. The coffee is great. Employees very friendly and get you in and out in a blink of an eye. (Danny's Family Gourmet Market) The car wash is WAY overpriced for what you get. I have to agree with Chuck S. on that one. If you want a great car wash at an unbelievable value. Message me and I will YELP you the details.
3	Staff inside is always friendly and the bathrooms are very clean. The car wash isn't the best but what do you expect from a drive-thru car wash? There is an attendant that prescrubs certain areas of the car and then someone to towel dry if after. All of the washing is done by machines and there is no cleaning of the inside. That's why it's only a few dollars. In addition - every time you get at least 9 gallons of gas, go inside and get a stamp (and sometimes a free cookie - BONUS!)... once you collect enough stamps you get a free car wash.
2	I washed my care here over the weekend, and found it to be terrible. They vacuumed a little bit of it, but when I go the car back there were still leaves in it. Don't waste your money!
4	The Gourmet Market is the coolest convenience store I've been too. They have a good selection of food and snacks and a good selection of wines. They also have a small coffee bar.  Not your run of the mill Circle K, that's for sure. Great place to pop in and pick up some upscale snacks, some craft beer or a bottle of wine without having to set foot in a supermarket.
5	I use this gas station all the time. Being near my house it is easy but the staff is GREAT. The carwash is also quick and easy and the car always looks good.
5	People in the serive industry deserve so much respect they do after all serve us. These guys worked hard to detail my vehicle.  Willl use again.
5	Clean and friendly service. The manager always says hello and how are you even if you don't make eye contact. Easy in, easy out! Several cashiers to make it a fast experience.
4	$10 ultimate car wash includes spray down and hand towel dry. Not too bad if you're in a hurry.
1	You get 1 star for your store being clean. The ONLY reason this place is still in business is because they're the only gas station for miles. Horrendous customer service. Consistently there will be a line inside 5 (!!!) clerks behind the counter and 1 register running. Just today, I was in line, as usual 1 register going, two people LITERALLY just standing there doing nothing (a few others looked like they were doing inventory?). When the only register opened gets backed up with someone needing something other than a usual transaction (no clue what was actually going on) one woman finally decided that she couldn't stand around doing nothing anymore and opened her lane. So this whole time she COULD have been helping out the line of 5 people, but instead chose to make us wait and literally do nothing. Maybe they should take some pointers from QuikTrip. QT will run two registers from ONE PERSON. I never stand in line for more than 30 seconds at QT, but at dannys, 30 seconds would be a pleasure! Instead this seems to be a direct copy of a circle K, which I avoid at all costs. I will try to avoid this place as much as I can.update: Looks like Dannys got raided by ICE, lol
3	This review is for the gas station here.  I don't come to this area often, but we have friends who live nearby.  This is the closest gas station to their home and when we drive back home, we often need to fill up.  The lanes are wide and well lit at night.  It's a Shell, so plan to pay more than most other gas stations.Return Factor - 50%
1	I don't know what they did but my steering wheel was straight (12 o'clock position) while driving down the road before getting my car washed and it now is off to the right (1 o'clock) I'm not happy and I'm going to guess that Danny's won't do a thing for me.
1	$123 later I paid the have the car realigned. I did email Danny's and have not heard a word back. Any bets on if I ever will?
1	NEVER GO TO THIS PLACE! they have a bunch of con-artists working here. I paid for a $20 car wash then the POS employee told me if I give him $10 cash right then he would use a conditioner on my leather seats.... HE NEVER DID and just pocketed my money! on top of that they didn't vacuum out my trunk when I SPECIFICALLY asked them too because there were leafs in there.... the leafs were still there after my car was "done being washed"!! I hope this company goes under and loose everything because this is so unacceptable and clearly there is no management over seeing a damn thing. PISSED
1	Do not go for a car wash or a oil change. I went twice to give them a second chance. I have never gone to a car wash with such awful service my 8 year old has done a better job washing my car. I don't even know why I tipped them shame on me! I asked them to replace my air filter twice and they still couldn't get it right. I don't know how they stay in business. They kept pushing me to add all these extras. So pushy. Save you money go else where.
1	This place is terrible, they opened a crappy cafe, everything tastes of cardboard.  The bathrooms are completely disgusting. The employees are lazy and rude, especially curly haired older guy.  Avoid this place like the plague
3	Your average convenient mart with gas and a car wash.  The cool thing about this location is the mini deli located inside.  If your in a pinch for time and want a sandwich this would be a good place to consoladate getting gas and quick grub.
1	Ok
