5	I absolutely loved this World Market. If you are looking to decorate a new place or simply find that one thing you need in particular, you could do it all here. All sorts of off-beat items and one-of-a-kind home decor items, including gorgeous furniture, wall hangings, pillows/throws and more. I also loved their bath items, like soaps and towels. They carry lots of the all natural products, which I love, like Pangea Oranics, and bamboo towels, etc. You could do some serious damage here! I went today looking for a console table and outdoor furniture, and left with both. I just set them up and they look awesome. Score!
5	World Market sells a lot of different unique things, from Houseware items, to Furniture, to Wine & Specialty Foods.  I always enjoy looking around as they always have things you can't find anywhere else.  But for me I'm a big fan of the Stirrings brand Drink Mixers that they sell there which are made from Sugar Cane and doesn't include the High Fructose Corn Syrup that are acustom in other Mixers..  Now you can get these usually at others stores, but World Market always has a bigger selection as other retailers might just have two kinds.  I'm a also a fan of there Wine selection as the prices are always decent and they run specials all the time.  I recommend going to World Market just to at least window shop at there unique selections of pretty much everything....lol.
4	You know what the world needs? More stores where you can buy booze, chocolate and furniture! I love World Market but don't really go unless I'm looking for something specific and was in the area today so I stopped in to see what kinds of wines and champagnes they offer. They have wines from many regions around the world plus a decent selection of sake plus a great selection of beers and coffee. I never bought any furniture from there but their stuff is so eclectic and unique, I am looking there the next time I buy furniture. It's like a spicier version of Pier 1! They offer free wine tastings from 1-5pm on Saturdays so you can get buzzed then spend money, it's fabulous!
4	Is you have the attention span of a fruit fly, this Cost Plus World Market is your dream world. Every square foot of this place is stocked with something unique - from wine to furniture, cooking accessories to candy, scarves to snacks, it runs the gamut.The quality of these items is pretty unique - I saw some really lovely prayer scarves tied along a rack - only $9.99. The furniture is also sleek and pretty comfy, and folks who work here are very cheery and welcome any questions you may have. If you're loading up a new house or looking for an eclectic painting, gift or wine, this is a cool place to stop by. Personally, my favorite section is the cookware area. Now, I love Sur La Table, but I do not love their prices. This store fills that void, perfectly. Cast iron tea pots for $12.99 (otherwise $50 at tea shops and specialty stores), French presses, cutting boards, hand towels, reusable travel coffee mugs and more. This is the perfect spot to scare up some snobby cookware at seriously affordable prices. I look forward to coming back!
4	My wife and I were in the area and we stumbled into this place. An interesting place, with a wide range of products. Furniture, cookware, dishes, artwork, and tons of other stuff. And they even have a beer section!!! To be honest I didn't even know they had a beer section until I wandered to the back of the store. Really, not a bad selection, for a non beer related store. Lots of regional beers and some imports as well. Nothing special, but respectable enough for what this place is. Prices seemed a little high, but not overly so. Not much in the way of service either, not that we really needed any.Overall, this is not a place that I would seek out if I am looking to buy beer, but it is a nice surprise to kill a few minutes if in the area anyway...
4	I picked up a nice computer desk at a really good price here. I absolutely love the unique items that come from all over the world.
4	Love to fill my apt full of a "world traveled" feel.Price - somewhat affordable to expensive (maybe its the furniture)There's an abundance of selection of knick-knacks. I always come away with something! The best thing I have purchased as of yet: my made in India - dark Expresso console table that I always get complimented on, a pair of glass tea set infuser that my friends are in awe of, my nice jewelry box made of dark wood and aluminum lid with intricate designs, and various foods! Just pricey at times, and the sale/coupon doesn't do enough justice! Hence, my four stars for WM.
4	I've never been to World Market before and was so happy to find it.  It's one of those places I could probably spend all day and still find something I hadn't seen the last time.  My favorite is the huge wine collection they have where I discovered any kind of wine under the sun.  On my first visit, I left with 4 bottles of wine all on sale from a promotion they are running.  The prices seemed reasonable across the board.  Next time I"m back, I'll definitely check out the food section in more depth.  I'm sure I'll find some unique treats there.
4	Tons of unique imported, uh, stuff. Not cheap crap, this is expensive crap. Ranging from furniture to wines to toys to odd foods you won't find in Harris Teeter or Wal-Mart. I picked up some unique gifts here - a lovely scarf and some clever chalk board picture frames. And of course, a few packets of chocolate digestives and other treats.The store is very well stocked so it can be a little overwhelming. Don't let that be a problem. Take a deep breath and make your way through each little section - furniture, clothing, food, wines, kitchen tools - and you'll be okay.
4	This store is pretty awesome. I love world markets. To be honest I never go into a world market to do real shopping, I only go in to check out all the cool stuff they have and then buy a couple things. At the back of the store there is always tea and coffee samples. As soon as you walk in you will be greeted by the checkout person at the front counter. You will seriously feel like you are on a travel adventure as you see kimono style stationary note cards, paper lanterns, colorful decorative pillows, artsy paintings and many more ornaments. The back of the store you can get specialty international items, however don't come here trying to find something extremely specific, they only carry the basics. They have Asian, Middle Eastern, European, Latin American food. A great wine selection, I like to read up on the different wine, coffee and teas as they have laminated cards attached to wine/coffee/tea racks. If you need kitchen goods such as plates, bowls and cups, they will also have them here. Awesome store, fun to come here to relax and kill some time.
4	Tons and tons of unique stuff!! I came here in search of a lantern shade that my dog destroyed; what I found was a hidden treasure trove of great stuff. Great selection of craft beers I have never seen and most of all a great selection of sake and plum wines. They also had a wide selection of wines and old school treats I used to eat as a child like Zagnuts, Cracker Jacks and the old school Stove top jiffy pop! They even had unique  craft sodas!! When I moved from NY I lost my Glass Sake set:( Not any more!!! Bought a new one!! Sake and wine taste testing in the fall!! I love this place!! Crave original hand made crafted stuff from around the world this is the one stop shop!!
