1	This company is the worse company ever for any of your appliance needs. We had to use them due to our home warranty company and they actually have cost us more money than if we would have paid for things ourselves. We called them out to replace our water heater that was obviously corroding and about to burst and all the guy did was tighten the arm on our tank. Two months later full water damage in our garage, laundry room and bathroom. When we called again to have them replace the tank that burst they said no because they couldn't get the tank out of its space. LAZY, LAZY, LAZY. When they came to fix our AC's which also sent people with no knowledge and once again made things worse by tinkering with things as they could not admit they were clueless about. They were out about NINE times and one guy left our hose on costing us $400 in a water bill. AVOID AT ALL COSTS! THEY WILL COST YOU MORE MONEY IN THE END AND EMPLOYEES ARE CLUELESS AND HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THEY ARE DOING! Had to use due to home warranty, but we are taking matters into our own hands now!  CONSUMER BEWARE!
1	Monkey recently required one of his AC units to be replaced.  His home warranty company contracts with Around the Clock to repair home appliances.  A technician came out and evaluated the AC.  The technician returned the evaluation to Around the Clock but it has taken them over 4 days to submit the claim despite the temperatures over 100 degrees and Monkey having his small baby in the house. Monkey identified this fact to the Manager multiple times over the past few days but to no avail.  It seems the Manager just doesn't care.  Additionally Monkey has a technician come out to evaluate the water heater who seemed quite unusual and made Monkey's wife uncomfortable.
5	I can say that I am satisfied with their work. Came on time and fixed everything. I had problems with plumbing on my second floor. But now everything is OK! Thanks!
1	They get one star as no stars is not an option. They want more in "non covered parts" than a new water heater from a reputable company. Second time they rip me off
