4	I have been a regular at Shootz for the past year, when I was introduced to karaoke there on Thursday nights.  The great thing about this place is that it offers enough good features for multiple types of people.  For the sports lovers, the large screen above the bar and multiple television sets are often playing the latest games.  Speaking of games, there is also a poker night.If you like playing pool, there is an entire room of tables which offer the benefit of table side waitresses ready to bring you beer, mixed drinks, or yummy food.If you are hungry, the kitchen is open until late (closing) with a full menu of hamburgers - though my favorite is the chicken wrap.  Of course, I go there for the karaoke. There is a stage, which serves both karaoke on Thursdays and open mic on Tuesdays.  The quality of the karaoke has a lot to do with the kj (rotates from a local karaoke jockey group) and the singers of course. There are about ten regulars and everyone is very friendly.The only cons to the place - sometimes it gets inundated with large groups who take over the karaoke and turn it into a drunken frat joke.Other then that - I can't complain. . .it's where I met my fiance!
5	Shootz is more than a Pool Hall. They have Ping Pong, Dinner, Karaoke and other random specials. The tables were recently re-felted, so the greens are a little fast. A variety of people hang outh there, so, you're never sure who you will run into.
5	I'm surprised that this place isn't more packed.If it was in SF - it would be poppin'.Shootz has everything you could want in a local hangout spot. It's big. Huge actually. It has an eccentric lamp in the shape of a woman wearing all black. It has cheap drink specials. It has guest radio and local DJ's bumping out good stuff all night. It serves up food. It hosts Karaoke and poker nights. And it's a quality pool hall ( minus the plethora of broken cues - you'll find everywhere)The nice thing about Shootz is that it's never too busy.There's a consistent crowd of regulars who like to shoot their pool and hang out - but you can nearly always score a table, and can always count on a diverse group of people to be there.There's something extremely heart-warming to me about walking into a pool hall, while Mariah Carey spins from the DJ table, and there are two girls sporting their Uggs, as they argue about the best angle to hit the 8 ball in.
