5	Plato's Closet is great! My teenage daughter loves shopping here.  They have all the latest trends/name brands at less than half of the mall prices. The staff is also very friendly!
5	I like how they have this kind of business out.  Now a days, clothes are getting pricey.   This store allows you to sell your slightly used clothes and buy their slightly used clothes at a decent amount.  The staff is friendly and the store is clean and organized.
3	Place was neatly organized.  Cute designer jeans.  However, I think you can still get better deals at Buffalo Exchange for similar items.  Yes, I am a "Buffalo" fan.
2	This place is good for taking your clothing when they first open. After that, it's hard to sell them anything. They seem more picky here than the other places in town. Even if your items are in season or literally never worn. The main issue I've had with this place is the service. There are a lot of young girls working here. I have nothing against younger employees - most of us started working young. My problem is customer service. I say it time and time again. It is very hard to find good customer service. The girls here aren't very friendly and they don't even talk to you politely. I've been here 3 times now and 2 times, they told me to come back in an hour. I came back 2 - 3 hours later and they still hadn't gotten to my things. It was fine and I usually don't mind. But on one occasion, one of the girls said "Oh, well who are you? Point out what you brought, I just haven't had the time." Then, what I'm assuming to be her friend (she spoke to her as she knew her) came in and she literally helped her in front of me. I even saw a girl texting on her phone while people were waiting. Poor service and not organized well enough.
5	Great selection, great pricing.  Very friendly staff.  I will go back to shop for my family!
1	Really bad customer service, never coming here again! And to top it off the employees looked like they just got out of bed! Hair not done, in sweat pants and hoodies, very unprofessional especially working in an enviorment having to do with fashion. People there were not helpful and rude! One more thing if your going to be employed here please know your brands, the gay guy who worked here didnt even know what 7 jeans were and he was very snotty amd rude, another employee asked him to gp help a customer and he mad the ugliest face like that's the last place he wanted to be almost made u feel uncomfertable and unwelcomed.
5	Just stopped by earlier today to loon around. The store was really clean and organized and the staff was really friendly. They had a lot of really cute clothes, I could've spent a lot more time and money if my husband hadn't been rushing me.. I will definitely be back!
5	My daughter and i decided to check this place out and WILL be back. For a second hand store you'd never know. The sales floor was clean and the staff was so cool. Walked out with a bunch of cloths that freaked my husband out until he saw how much I spent. At that point they even made him a fan.
5	This location is 10x better than the Henderson location, the employees look presentable, they're much nicer, and the store is a lot better.
1	My husband & I took some clothes & purses here & when we were handing the bag & box over the lady informed us it would be a 2 hr wait. So my husband & I decided to just hang around the area because we live about 40 min away from this location.  After 2 hrs of waiting we came back to see about our things & the lady said that they couldn't accept none of the clothes or handbags because some of the clothes had holes & they can't accept name brand handbags w/out receipts.  First of all I understand if they can't accept clothes that have holes, but there were some good sweaters, shorts, and pants that had only been worn maybe 3 times that looked brand new (no holes), second they should have told us their store policy about what they can & cannot accept before wasting me & my husbands time (2 hours!!!) Never again! Pissed!
5	Love this store!!! Always find a great deal on jeans, boots, shoes, hats... Never left empty handed yet!  The staff is awesome too... Owner really friendly and fun!Highly recommend this Platos!  I've been to them all here in town and the ones in Utah and a few in Illinois... It's the best yet!
5	I love shopping. Especially at places where they sell clothing and the prices are amaaaaaaaaazing!! I've been to Buffalo Exchange before but I wasn't really impressed with their selection. It's either a hit or miss and being that it's so far from where I live, the trip wasn't really worth it. Plus their prices are no where near as amazing as the prices at Plato's Closet. The most expensive item that I found was only $14 and I'll gladly spend that amount which I did. The staff was amazing and even though they are picky about clothing selections, they were helpful about explaining the process and paid cash, more than what you would get at other places. I will be heading back once I get my clothing together and hopefully I make some extra cash along with finding more amazing purchases. The overall experience was fun, check this place out!!!
2	This place is a great concept but I wasn't very impressed with the clothes quality even though they are supposedly "picky" about what they buy from customers. Most of the clothes on the racks looked like stuff you would find a Goodwill, especially the men's t-shirt section. I thought they were "picky" and only bought and sold lightly used/good condition items...but I'm not sure how they actually decide. Also if you sell something here they will give you very little and next to nothing and they don't care if the item is actually used or brand new with the tags still attached, which is odd. They have some "nicer" items behind the counter that you can ask to see such as a pair of Coach branded shoes. This might be a good place for kids or teens to buy pre-owned name brand clothing at a discount, but be aware that their items are not the best and not much better than Goodwill, just more expensive.
1	I brought in a ton of items for review and I mean a TON. I had to borrow a dolly to bring it into the store. The employee was really nice & explained the process since it was my first time.  She told me to return in 30-45 minutes while she went thru my things. I returned in 1 hr to be told that NOTHING of mine was going to be bought and that they had passed on EVERYTHING because my stuff was to dressy. I'm pretty sure I had casual tops, tank tops, denim capris, etc. So I made girlfriend haul my stuff back to my car.Since they didn't want my stuff I took it to Shade Tree a domestic abuse shelter for women and children.  At least I knew that it was going to people who really need it. Note to self...that will be my first AND last trip to Plato's Closet!! I wasted a whole hour out of my day for nothing!! All of the stuff in the store looked like the clothes I brought in, but whatever. That happened for a reason so people in need could have my items. It all comes full circle at one point. Don't waste your time!!! I heard that they have bought tank tops for $0.75 so all in all just donate your stuff to a shelter or somewhere similar.
4	This store is okay I like to go here for dresses and tops. I never sell because you just don't get any money. I good place to go to see if you can find a cute pair of shorts or sweaters.
3	Went there this afternoon because my lady wanted to check it out. Store was clean but had a smell of a closet full of clothes, essentially this is what Plato's closet is. Clothes were organized and prices are very reasonable.  I do agree that some of the clothes there are very "broken in" for being a place that is "picky" of what they buy. I am glad that my lady found some dresses so all in all im very please with Plato's closet.
3	Came in here for the first time to shop and sell an item. Of course the clerk didn't want to buy the semi-formal dress I had. Said it was too formal,  they are casual. Well,  from the looks of the merchandise, I would have to agree. Clothes here were not of the best quality. I know it's a thrift store, but for how picky they are,  I expected a lot more. Women's clothes were mostly trashy juniors and the same goes for their accessories.  I don't think I will have any reason to come back. This is unfortunate because there is a lack of quality thrift stores in Las Vegas.
2	Please donate your clothes. I understand buying clothes from customers for almost nothing keeps them in business, but they really do need to pay out more and charge a few more bucks when they sell them. My best friend is constantly shopping and brings in huge bags of Victoria's Secret, juicy, etc and she has never made more than $40. I've found a few shirts in here for under $5 which was cool, but I'd rather donate. (NOT TO GOODWILL)
5	Did some serious school shopping here and got 2-3 times as much for the money as I would have elsewhere. Great shop for teen clothes both boys & girls, shoes & accessories. Nice staff and store was clean and well organized. Will shop here again soon.
1	What a rip off. They give you less than consignment or thrift shops! $5 for a pair of $200 jeans?
3	Decent selection.  Some of the staff was pretty rude, but the lady that helped us was nice.
1	Came in 3 hours before closing and they couldn't accept me because they said they had a 2 hour wait. Spent time and gas getting all the way over there, told me come in in another day and I can't because of my work schedule. Won't be coming in again, completely pissed.
1	If you're looking to sell your clothes here, download the vinted app and you will be much happier. This store will give you pennies for your clothes. Sellers beware.
5	I love having a place to take my clothes to get money back without having to ship it across the country. You have to be careful with what you bring in because sometimes there picky with the styles. The staff is very friendly and the store is always clean, I recommend this store to anyone that is looking for a cheap way to keep up with the styles.
