4	I went into Aria with mediocre expectations, as I do with all restaurants that boast "Tuscan" cuisine. But any reservations I came in with began to fall away right when I walked in the door. I also literally had no reservations. Who needs to call ahead on a Wednesday night to make a reservation for four people? You do, if you plan to come here. We were baffled at the crowd, but the host sprang to action and offered us the only table available - the "chef's table" - right in the kitchen. A "chef's table"? In Charlotte? We jumped right on it.  I headed to our special table with visions of hibachi restaurants, with chefs putting on a show. I was certain that it would be just a few moments until my girlfriend's and I were catching shrimp in our mouths, tossed from the cooks while singing and cheering, flames in the backdrop. I recently read an article from Charlotte Magazine in which the author described the Chef's table as a "small space off the dining room where they can enjoy dishes with commentary from the kitchen." Hmm. Commentary? At one point during dinner, one of my friends sneezed and I think - I think - one of the line cooks said "Bless you." Other than that, we kind of felt like we were intruding, and within five minutes we were all sweating like a group of menopausal women. Anyway, once we cracked the menu we forgot we were in the kitchen. Everything sounded delicious and, between the four of us, it's safe to say that no one's dish disappointed. We ordered the bruschetta and, as Stephen said, it wasn't what we had pictured but once the first bite was taken, nobody cared anymore. We also had the eggplant parmigiana, equally delish. The bread was pretty average, and the white bean dip that came with it took it up a few notches. For entrees, we ordered the Wild Mushroom Pizza (very good,) the potato gnocchi (tasty), and the butternut squash ravioli. This last dish was a bit sweet, but soooooooooo good - I was craving it again the next day.Overall, great experience here. Again, I agree with Stephen that there is nothing that indicates it is a "new" restaurant in terms of quality and service.
5	This new addition to Charlotte did a great job in exceeding our expectations on a recent snowy night.   Aria serves Tuscan food in a contemporary environment, and I loved that the open bar with live music that kept us entertained for most of the night. We had a reservation at 9 on a Friday night. Good thing- as this place was packed! The restaurant is below street level so we were able to peek in as we walked along the sidewalk to gauge where we wanted to sit before walking in. Upon entering the front door, you are in a vibrant bar with a wall of wine from floor to ceiling. Glancing around, the open kitchen is the next thing to catch your eye and then you spy the seating area as the tables are filled with animated people all enjoying their food while listening to the live guitar music. I could have sat in the bar all night- but dinner was our goal! We were seated immediately and began to look at the menu. Our server, Carolyn was great! She knew the menu inside and out and was able to make some great suggestions for us. And the patrons were friendly too, as we struck up a conversation with the couple next to us within minutes of sitting down (but that's another story for another time) We began with the tuna carpaccio and the antipasto plate. The tuna came with asparagus and was terrific, and the antipasto? Gone in an instant but not before enjoying the salami, olives and cheeses. We decided to split a pasta and and a couple of entrees so that we could taste a larger range of the menu. The penne pasta with ricotta and vodka tomato cream sauce was perfection on a plate (would it have been wrong of me to lick the dish?). And the lamb chops were so good I didn't want to share them so my friend enjoyed his veal scallopini in peace.Dinner for two with drinks and wine came to about $130 which was great considering the quality of the food and the quantity of the drinks that we had. It was a great night out and the service was spot on. We walked to the restaurant but if you are driving- they do have complimentary valet parking and also validate for the Bank of America parking garage. Aria may be a new addition to Charlotte- but they have none of the new restaurant blues that so many places experience. Unless, of course you count the blues being played in the lounge, but on the night we were here- those were just the kind of blues we wanted to hear!
4	Really beautiful/cozy ambiance - very nice place for a dinner with friends or a date. moderately priced - My dinner including an appetizer and second course was over $40 - (my friends purchased the wine and dessert) but they had pasta platters (about 6oz) that were less expensive and probably would have been adequate if you are on a budget. We had some wine (the list was nice- and fairly affordable) and bean dip with olive oil and fresh delicious baked bread - great start.Next I had  the crab cake - which was delicious up until I tasted a little crunch of shell - it was so minuscule I didn't bother to report it to the server- it did ruin it slightly though...but the flavors were spot on - and obviously the seafood was fresh. I also tried two of my friends dishes the caramelized gnocchi with pear was FABULOUS - I can also say the same for the Tuna carpaccio .To the displeasure of my vegan friend I ordered the veal as my main dish. The meat was cooked perfectly-the sauce was supreme but the broccoli raab was way over salted- and was left on my plate. We finished with splitting two desserts a chocolate hazelnut cake and a strawberry cheesecake- both which were delicious but very rich (definitely split dessert)Overall I would definitely come back- It was a ton of food- and very rich so take my advice and go very hungry!
2	SAVE YOUR MONEY!!  Unless you just like looking at modern decor.  Food is mediocre.  Wine selection is fair.  Desserts (except the gelato) are small portions.  Forget about the service.  The folks at Denny's do a better job.Our server was partially "dain bread".  He tried to memorize the specials of the day, but only could recall 80% of the menu.  His face was straining to recall how 2 of the dishes were prepared.  When I asked if had tried any of the dishes he quickly said no.  Go figure?   We ordered our wine by the glass, and the waiter walks away.  He comes back and tries to sell us a special $55 bottle of wine which he emphasized retails for $200.  Nothing else.  He proceeds to stand there and stare at us.   Strange.   Food came and we ate.   Dessert was not outstanding.  However, the gelato & sorbett was VERY tasty.Oh yeh.   Not surprisingly, the waiter couldn't remember all the flavors!!  Hilarious.
4	I liked this place - menu was great.  I have been to Tuscany so I was curious to try it.  Not too adventurous....fantastic atmosphere.  Have a glass of wine at the bar and something off the bar menu!
4	Wonderful food.    Nice, somewhat intimate setting for getting to know teammates.
4	Ate here last night for Queens Feast.  I had the tuna carpaccio and the scallops. Yum. I would definately go here again. Very modern decor.
4	I found Aria on my way walking to the EPI center. Place is very nicely decorated. I'm a big fan of places that don't over serve you. Price probably on the higher end but c'mon... you're in Uptown Charlotte. I got a duck pasta which quite yummy and garlicy. Good reason not to get it if you're on a date. Luckily I was not on a date so i can enjoy and breath all I want. We also split a tiramisu which very good one slice portion. The service is a little weak, my water bottle was not refill until I stop one of the server that passing by. But that's all I can complain about... is my water. I would like to come back and try their bar menu. They have all $5 tapas.
1	The decor is nice (like every other restaurant in Uptown), but the service is abominable. More importantly, the food here is just not good. Short rib appetizer: extremely small, decent tasting, but a whopping $9 ($5 at the bar if it is happy hour).Duck Pappardelle: Too much noodle, not enough duck. Duck was very fatty and tasteless. Plus, they don't use fresh pasta! $15.Osso Bucco: Tender pork roast with NO flavor at all. $25.Veal Scallopini: Aria's specialty. Tastes like it's from Olive Garden.Tiramisu: Decent and decently priced at $6.Overall, the highlights were the bread and tiramisu, but they weren't life changing. For the price you pay and the terribly slow and unfriendly service, it's not worth it.
3	I was not expecting much from this place but was pleasantly surprised.  Went with a colleague on a Tuesday night -- it was decently busy but not packed.  We walked in w/o a reservation.The server was pretty knowledgeable about the food and made good recommendations, including the gnocchi.  I'm very hard to please with gnocchi (ever since having THE BEST GNOCCHI EVER at Frasca in Boulder...but I digress).  I'm not sure why these guys put proscuitto in the gnocchi dish (kind of a wrapper) but it's hard to complain about proscuitto in just about any appetizer.I ordered one of the nightly specials -- the suckling pig.  Honestly, it was good but could have been better.  I'm not sure how they did it but they managed to cook in dry in some parts but not in others.  I thought the wine list was reasonably priced.  I'm not sure why other reviewers complain that the selection was small.  I thought it was sufficient (I'm not a fan of the huge wine lists.)  We had a bottle of a pinot from Burgundy and it was tasty (lighter than the pinot noir I'm used to in Oregon....we finished our bottle and had a glass of a Willamette Valley p.n. that was even better.Might have earned an additional half star except the server messed up my order and that made it take too long.  Plus, it's a bit over-priced...but ok for a special occasion or client dinner.
3	It was a little "stuffy" in here but the service was great as well as the atmosphere.  We only had one app and sat at the bar for a drink.  I would positively suggest trying the place out but try and dress up a little..  We had the meatball app and every bite was delightful.. Try it out.  It's also located very close to the Epicenter so you are close to all the action..-Ian M.
4	The truffled popcorn (only available on the bar side) makes a visit worth your while.
1	Snobby Service!  I came here to listen to music in the bar.  Shortly after we arrived, we were briefly acknowledged by the hostess, seated ourselves (which is fine), but then we were ignored for 20 minutes.  Fed up, I went up to the bar to order our drinks.  The bartender wouldn't even look at me and I had to walk back and forth around the bar to get his attention.  He was not even doing anything!  The drinks took about 10 minutes and they were just draft beers.  I ordered a tiramisu from the waitress, who finally showed up after about 45 minutes.  The dessert arrived after 30 minutes.  I have never seen such a pathetic tiramisu.  It was smaller than a piece of toast and about 1/2" thick.  This place is ultra yuppi-ish and frankly, I think the reason for the bad service was because we rode there on bicycles, but I was dressed pretty much like everyone else in the restaurant.  What a bunch of snobs!  I wish I hadn't left a tip, too.  I won't come back again to this place.  Watching the parade of yuppies going in and out of the place was entertaining, though.
5	Me and my wife ate here a few weeks ago,the food was amazing...the people were so friendly. You will love the serves, and the atmosphere.
4	All I have to say is plum tomato & Sambuca mussels.
3	Try as I might, I just can't bring myself to really like this place. I swear the first couple of times I had lunch there, I thought it was awesome.  But then...I have been back at least three times since and it's always underwhelming.  I have had the short ribs, the osso buco, the margherita pizza, the grilled chicken panini (probably the best thing I have had there), and gnocchi (which was actually very, very good), and each time I leave thinking the food was good but not great.Last night, I was there with a group of minds that I greatly respect. I think we were all in agreement. Decor is great.  Location can't be beat.  Vibe is good, even if the place seems to be populated with the typical cast of bankers.  But the food is just good.  Nothing special.Blame the market I guess.  Maybe there is too much risk to step outside the usual.  But I sure wish someone would try, and you would think a successful chef would have the confidence and the backing to do it.  Oh well.  I'm sure I'll go back. But at least I'll know what I'm getting.
3	Good service and decor. Food sadly mediocre. A bit overpriced for the quality.Went here as we got a coupon for a free appetizer from the Omni hotel. All in all the food was decent but certainly nothing special. The ambiance and decor are both great however.
4	I had a pretty good experience at this place, so let's get under way with some pro's-con's.Some of my coworkers came down from NYC, so right off the bat, it was going to be a LBD kind of night. We began craving some good food around 930, so because they were staying at the Omni, all signs pointed to Aria. This was my first time going here.It was pretty crowded (which is weird for any place in Charlotte at that time) so we had to wait maybe 5 minutes before we got seated. I was alright with that because I already had a few Jameson's in me, so all I really cared about was staying out of the cold. The waitress was phenomenal, never letting our glasses go dry. This was really spectacular because by that point, I couldn't even tell you right from left.We scoured the menu and I came across the love of my life. Artichokes. Yes ladies and gents, I will take a nice artichoke over ALOT of things. So that was to be my appetizer paired with my main course of Potato Gnnochis (hey, I was trying to see if I could do veggie for a week). First off, the artichokes were sent from heaven. The leaves were sooooooo juicy and tender that you can almost eat it like a muffin. My only complaint was that they were a tad garlicky. Once I pounded that out, I got started on my gnocchi's. They were pan-seared with asparagus, onions, etc. This was soooo good that it made the NY guineas I was with blush. The food, bless it's heart, was splendid.Now on to the ambience of the place. It's a very clean, trendy restaurant. The crowd (not sure if it was just that night) was a little strange. Let's just say, I saw a 55 year old guy with a pony-tail kiss 6 different call-girls as they came strolling in one at a time. How did I know they were call girls you ask? Well, they all had slammin bodies, but their faces look kind of busted. Plus they were wearing outfits straight out of J-Wow's closet.Any, this place is pretty LBD. On my LBD scale, it has to be an 8 trending to a 9. If I went back, I'd probably just order the same thing because it was THAT GOOD.Holla.
3	I want to like Aria. I really do. I've given it at least three tries, but it's always the same...the food is OK; the quality is OK; the portions small; the prices high for what you get. I'd be willing to try again, but please bring it up a notch.
3	$5 small plates if you sit at the bar!!!!!!!The gnocchi is a dream and the calamari is pretty delicious as well.Nice wine selection- reasonably priced.Kind of shotty service this time around. The bartender was guy-centric so I had to ask for re-fills, check etc. I don't think you'll have the problem if you're a man as she seemed quite attentive to the opposite sex. She also took away our food when there was half of it left : ( For the price and food quality I give it four stars but service 2 1/2 so an even three does the trick.I will come back for the $5 gnocchi!
4	I've been here 3 times now. The portions aren't huge, so you about have to have an appetizer or salad. Though, the complimentary bread and Tuscan bean salad is a great starter, too.My favorite time to go is at lunch. They have a great deal where you can get 3 courses for $9. Of course they aren't dinner portions or anything, but is perfect at lunch. I like to get a salad, Pasta Carbonara, and cheesecake.The pizza is hit or miss. I would stick to the cheese or margharita if you go that route.
4	I went here with a party of 16 from work.  The place is upscale and oozes slight cool without being snobby.  The wine list is pretty solid.  The food overall was well done.  The bread they serve before dinner is excellent.  I had the capreses salad which was good.  Firm but tender tomoatoes and very nice Mozzarella with a splash of balsamic and EVOO.  For my main i had the scallops which were cooked perfectly.  No dessert here so i cannot comment on that portion of the menu.  Other folks had various fish, pasta and steak.  Everyone was happy with their meal.  The bill wasnt outrageous for a party of 16.Service was friendly, fast and efficient.
3	Luxxxe decor-wise but a tad flat nosh-wise. Maybe my expectations were a teensy bit high, or I need to go back for dinner?I've had Tuscan-style pies that didn't resemble Tostino's quite as much as these, really, flatbreads, do - so dry, so unleavened, no chew, no bend, that the cracker takes over and there's crumbs flying everywhere, and taking a bite is work. Got the distinct feeling these were preformed and chilled somewhere, waiting to be covered with other prepared-this-early-morning toppings, the hope being that the oven would bring the mushrooms back to life (not so much).Harsh. I know they can do better. But staring at that gorgeous bar, feeling so comfy-comfy on the couch, made the little mediocrities stand up and yell in my face. Despite the reasonable lunch prices and decent service.
1	You know, I truly want to LOVE Aria. The food tastes great- albeit temperatures were way off during my last meal but I can handle that for bar food. I want Aria to be my go-to late night quick bite meal place (yay $5 plates)But...The bar service is atrocious! Seriously, the people are so snooty and rude it's hard to believe when it's happening!My friend and I came in at about 8pm to have a cocktail and grab a few apps. My friend started to order a drink and the young female bartender barked at her to show her an ID - to which she obliged. Before I was even able to order (as I was still perusing the menu) she told me to show her an ID. I get it - ok- we look young, my friend is 22 and I am 25, but geez wait 2.5 seconds for me to pick out a drink! So I said I needed a moment to decide what I wanted. A few seconds later instead of asking me what I decided on, she demanded an ID again- I showed her it and then asked for a glass of Prosecco. I had to track down someone for a glass of water - and to put an order in. At no time did anyone smile at us or even offer us service...there was maybe 10 people at the bar and 2 servers (and a manager? behind the bar). We ordered four dishes- which were dropped down in front of us without a word - we were not asked if we wanted anything else or if everything tasted ok. The bartender had no problems smiling at the men dressed in suits but treated us with a serious chill. I want to go back - because I enjoy the food (and have always had good table service) but seriously learn how to treat customers at the bar! I am a New Yorker and you make us look like rainbow bright and her crew of my little ponies.
4	The two visits I have made to Aria have been excellent.  I came once for a romantic Valentine's dinner and again for a casual bite at the bar.  The thing I like about Aria is that it can be as fancy or as laid back as you want it to be.  Not that I'd recommend it, but there was actually a woman in running clothes sitting at the bar sipping a bourbon. Then you have the table of white collar types, and your table of prom-goers.  I wish Aria had been around when I was going to the prom! There was even a live guitarist--he blended nicely into the chatter of the restaurant.  I appreciated that.It's hard for me not to compare Aria with Vivace.  We ordered the Caprese salad, which had some nice basil bits, but was on the plain side.  Our mussels in a white wine sauce were amazing.  You can also choose to have them prepared in a sambuca sauce.  Nice variety!  The margherita pizza was superb.  It was not traditional in the sense that it did have a bit of red sauce under the cheese.  I happen to be fan, whether or not this was by mistake.  I prefer it to Vivace's margherita.  Crispier crust, more flavor.  Now I have to talk about the dish I had on Valentine's day:I have not had any other full sized entrees at Aria, but the grilled quail with roasted root vegetables is something I would get again and again.  That bird was demolished.  I noticed they took away the grilled artichoke appetizer.  Huge bummer. It blew Bricktop's artichoke out of the water, and that is really saying something.  I love artichokes.I can't wait to keep going back!
4	Bravo Aria, Bravo.From the beginning, Aria was a hit. I had heard it was good, so I had to go see for myself. Yep, it is.We sat at the bar (although the best tables are in front on the kitchen) to try the best they had to offer. I am fairly confident that everything we didn't try would be excellent too! We sampled the Arugula Salad, Gnocchi - very very good, Spaghetti and Meatballs (I can't remember the last time I was convinced to order spaghetti and meatballs) , and polenta with roasted mushrooms. We wrapped up with the Lemon Semifreddo.Everything we had was excellent. The chefs at Aria know exactly how to prepare each dish with perfection. The ingredients are clean and simple...very Italian in their approach. It's never about how much you can put into a dish, but rather the a few high-quality components ...Enjoy. I know I will the next time.
5	Aria is a great restuarant location and its modern beautiful decor makes you want stay. Reserve the Chef's table for a great experience. They also have a lounge upstairs for private parties and or just to sit after dinner and have a glass of wine. They offer a great lunch special for $10! If you want to try something different, make sure to orer from the special menu.
5	I was really surprised to see this very well appointed restaurant and bar so empty, although that made it very easy for our small group to get a table. The food all sounded delicious, plenty of inviting pasta options, but since this was my second dinner of the night (yes, 2nd) I went with the beet salad. It was very good. I tried a bite of the caramelized gnocchi as well as the orecchiette with sausage and broccoli rabe and they were also very good. The desert was the best I've had in a while. I had the lemon semifreddo with blackberries, it was fantastic. The service was fairly good. It definitely got better as the night went on. At first, it really seemed like we had thrown our waiter off somehow, as if we snuck up on him. By the end of the meal he was cracking jokes and had redeemed himself.  Aria is a very pretty restaurant. It's slightly below street level, with a warm inviting glow off the white leather covering all the chairs and benches. There is a large window looking into the kitchen, which gave us something to look at while savoring our food. I'm told Aria is pricey as Charlotte restaurants go, but I thought the prices mirrored the quality and size of the dishes perfectly.  Maybe more expensive than other restaurants in the area, but worth every penny.
4	I had a business lunch here.   What a great little restaurant.  Ambiance was definitely uptown, lunch prices very reasonable, food was prepared perfectly.  I'm told the caramelized gnocchi is to die for, but I had an excellent steak instead.
4	You won't regret dining at Aria. I have tasted their (dinner entrees) veal, lasagne, and fettuccine. It's all about high quality ingredients that are delicious.The dining area is beautiful. The rather large bar area is very upscale and hopping. The service is fast, not rushed but fast. The wine list is extensive and offers a large number of reds. A very nice touch is the large chilled bottle of water that is brought to the table. It's Charlotte tap water in an unmarked bottle but it is a better option than the typical glass of ice water. It's just a nicely-thought-out small touch.One last mention about the veal. So often you will find veal that is just so-so. The veal at Aria was the best that I have eaten. It was soft enough to cut with a fork. Served with a delicious lemon butter and with capers. Just great!The kitchen is visible through a large window that runs across the back of the dining room. The cooking space is first class. The chefs are neatly dressed and move with precision and grace.
2	Decor was nice, but that was about the extent of it. Risotto was undercooked, mussels came with a sweet tomato sauce (wtf?) osso bucco over done and the polenta was over done. Basically, a nice sounding menu delivered incredibly poorly by inexperienced young chefs. They did get my vodka soda right.
2	Some friends & I went to Bubble Lounge for a benefit tonight & we weren't too impressed.The setting & layout is nice, but the service was "meh". My two friends were interested in ordering something & with waiter buzzing around, no one bothered to assist them.  Yes, I know there was an event there; however, it was not "closed off" to the public & they had menus all over the place, which is an invitation to order.The appetizers the waiters did bring around were tasty. I had a fried coconut shrimp & a pastry wrapped asparagus. This place has potential, but it's clear they need to work out the kinks of having an event and continuing to service the public.
2	I feel that Aria is often overlooked...it's the restaurant that you pass by, hear about and have good intentions of going but never/rarely make it there. Well tonight I made it there. There was an event being held for a nonprofit in the Bubble Room (which is a small but beautiful space) and my experience was so-so. Although the event benefited the nonprofit and there were a small amount of volunteers floating about it did not seem that Aria was equipped to handle such a large group. At one point I could not even find a napkin--and I did ask! During the event there were passed appetizers and they were pretty tasty. I also had a glass of champagne that delicious. I am intrigued to come back for an entree but the only thing holding me back is the sub par customer service.
2	I call this review, High Hopes and Bubble Nightmares. I too went to a benefit here, which is completely separate to how in feel about the Bubble Lounge. The organization I was there supporting, couldn't be nicer...but the lounge needs some serious work. Having it be part of Aria, you know it's going to be trendy.  The circular bar is nicely set up, as is the rest of the lounge. The finishes are rich and it feels modern and sleek.  The problem my friends and I had was the service, or lack of it. We waited a good, 10, 15 minutes at the bar, and watched as the staff served champagne to the other ladies around us, but ignored us as we BLATANTLY HELD OUT OUR HANDS WITH DRINK TICKETS. It was almost like being in middle school again.  Ignored by the cool kids. When passed apps came around, that's what they did.  The servers with trays walked around, and didn't stop at our section of the bar.  When FINALLY a tray of mini crabcakes was set down, we each took one, and immediately, the server took it back.  There were also no napkins passed at this time, so my friend and I at one point were left with a skewer of lamb...and left the sticky skewer on the bar.  Classy. The passed coconut shrimp was ok...but reminded me of a soggier version of that Margaritaville frozen coconut shrimp in the supermarket freezer section. The creme de la creme...I was sitting at the bar chair, and when the phyllo-wrapped asparagus came around, I stood up (butt still touching the seat of the chair) to get one. I felt something behind me, almost sat down, but REALIZED THERE WAS NO CHAIR UNDER ME! A woman had taken it from under my bottom!  I looked over her, asked her why she did it, and she, along with her smug boyfriend/manfriend said "you stood up, so it's mine". (Or something to that extent.) The manfriend then proceeded to hug the bartender who saw the entire situation go down. One server was kind to us, but he was serving Aria, so we didn't deal with him much...which brings me to the conclusion the Bubble Lounge has some serving issues to deal with.  In my book, it's all about service.  I don't care who you are, you could be my grandma, a supermodel, a TV news anchor or unemployed.  If you don't serve everyone equally, you've lost my service. I may try this place again...but it's going to take a lot of improvement.
3	Oh Aria I might have set my expectations a bit too high for you during restaurant week. They weren't terribly booked or busy when I went in on Thursday with my friends but we still got ignored for quite a good while by the hostess. It's not like we looked like bums or anything everyone was dressed up for a nice night out and were excited, we had even made reservations so it was slightly upsetting to get walked by without even a greeting when we walked in.Hostess aside after we got seated the servers were quite competent and explained that the whole menu was available to order from during restaurant week. Awesome! The ice cold bean spread they serve with the bread while you peruse the menu is blech, I ended up just putting some olive oil on my plate and dipping it in that with some salt and pepper. I started with the caramelized gnocchi, delicious! Slightly crisp on the outside and just a hint of char from the caramelization. The Osso Bucco followed up but failed to deliver and actually kind of disappointed me a bit. Way overcooked, too much acid in the layer of chard underneath, but the polenta was nice and creamy, rich and flavorful I wish there was more of it. Hearing great things about the chocolate hazelnut cake, I decided to go for it. Well it was a bit too sweet for me and pretty average on my cake scale to be honest. Going with four people I also got to try out a lot of stuff that my friends ordered. I'd stay away from the crab cake, lots of crab but it didn't taste fresh at all more fishy. I think the way they pace meals was quite perfect, courses were brought out in a timely manner which doesn't always happen during crw so I appreciate that.The ambiance here is quite wonderful, the food seems to be hit or miss which is not quite acceptable to me considering the prices you'll be paying here. I might go here on a whim again sometime. Hopefully they'll have less snotty hostesses and some of the kinks worked out in the food because I really want to like this place more.
4	I would prefer to rate it 3.5 stars, but there's no option for that.The service, must like Flemings (the restaurant I loved down the block), is fantastic.Excellent training and people who genuinely seemed interested in working with you to make sure you are satisfied.It's probably the only reason I gave this a four instead of three when thinking of having to balance.Why? Well, I'm from New York... home of more Italians than most of the rest of the world. This means that I'm a bit pickier about Italian food.So, while the food isnt bad or anything, it just isnt amazing. I'd expect more from a place that looks and acts this good.Would I eat here again? Maybe. I'd prefer Flemings any day, though.
5	Hello? Lunch special!  It's under $10 and you get salad, entree, and dessert.  It doesn't get much better than that.  I don't know how long this lunch special is going to run- but it's perfect for a quick bite in between business meetings (especially if you work downtown).I took some recruits here and chowed down on their super fancy mac'n'cheese. I believe it's called the Pasta al Forno. Molto delizioso!The details of the restaurant is also brag worthy.  The interior design is impeccable and the open kitchen view is encouraging (as the kitchen itself is very clean).  Perfect for that hot date, near-to-empty wallet, business, fun, etc.
4	Snuck in on lunch, and managed to get a seat without reservations. Shortly after (about 5 minutes) the place was packed and not a seat available.The wait staff was prompt and courteous and helpful in recommending an entree. I tried the special of the day which was a pan seared pork loin (medium) on polenta and spinach. Absolutely fantastic. Price was in check at 12 dollars. What a bargain, would definitely try it again :)
4	Food: 1) Bar bites-fried calamari: Very lightly fried and tasted super fresh! Loved the dipping sauce! And only $5, what a steal!2) Bar bites-short ribs: the beef seriously was just falling apart it was so tender! And only $5, what a steal! It was a very small portion, but totally worth it!3) Squash Ravioli: Very tasty! Loved the squash stuffing and the ravioli skin was very well made!4) prosciutto flatbread: LOVED IT!!! YUMMY!! 10inx10in of happiness on a platter! The cheese was thin and not overbearing, the toppings were delicious and the flatbread crust was very well made! PERFECTION!Service: Very friendly! Very good about refilling our water and attending to our needs! Ambiance: Very hip and trendy feel! There is a little bar off to the side with a LARGE selection of wines! Very nice place for a classy hangout joint! The restaurant side was very well decorated with modern decor! It had a more romantically dimmed lite setting but very appropriate for the theme they were setting! I loved it! Price: It's going to put a dent in your wallet but it's well worth it! The food is delicious, the service is great and the ambiance is really worth experiencing! I'd totally recommend this for a splurge or a nice date!Overall: I would LOVE to come back again but too bad I'm not from the East Coast and I don't live in Charlotte, North Carolina :(
4	Since I keep passing this place on my way to lunch everyday, I figured I had to try it out sooner or later. After I received two good recommendations about it, I decided it was finally time!I went there last Friday with my co-workers and I will admit that I was pleasantly surprised. Not only was the food delicious, but the variety of items offered on the menu allows for an expansive Italian taste tour. My only reservation about Aria is in regard to the appetizers which, in my opinion are far too small to demand the price that they do. It's literally ONE crab cake for $12 and five tiny morsels of cheese also for $12. I found the caramelized gnocchi a bit "doughy," but the calamari is the best I've had this side of the country.The entrees are definitely the selling points of this restaurant. The slow cooked beef short rib was tender, pink, juicy, and fatty! Osso Bucco and Angus Rib-Eye Filet were equally note-worthy. I'd say the red meat is their forte. Moreover, the portions suddenly quadruple in size once you get to the entrees such that you may as well skip out on the apps all together. My compatriots weren't raving about their chicken or pasta dishes and I came to the conclusion that their judgments were reasonable. "Tastes like chicken."One aspect I particularly enjoyed about Aria was the attention placed on the garnishes for each dish. The tuna sashimi is served on a salt board, which flavors the meat as time passes (Don't wait too long though!). The "italian mac/cheese underneath the rib-eye is absolutely amazing (not overly-cheesy) and the garlic swiss chard on the Osso Bucco was relished by all. I would definitely come here again to try more things on the menu. Perhaps I would pass on the apps this time because I would trade one entree for three apps any day of the week.Yum!4/5
4	Linguini vongole was well-prepared.  The pasta itself was cooked to perfection - it wasn't undercooked, nor overcooked.  Clams were a bit on the small side, calling into question whether or not they are really "fresh" as the menu states, but passable.  Pancetta was different twist and added a little saltiness that complemented the white wine taste, but overall, would not get pancetta - personal preference, I suppose.  If I'm in the mood for linguini vongole, I'll probably get it here.  Solid bar scene after-work.dmo out.
5	If you are looking for a great atmosphere with wine and Italian food. Then Aria is it. I love their main dishes and their appetizers are amazing. They have a great wine menu, service is great and you will not leave hungry. The portions are worth the money (more higher end) and big enough to even share. Great atmosphere for a date, group of friends or even by yourself. Very modern sitting and a cool view of deco. Pierre the owner is a down to earth business owner and knows what he is doing when it comes to food. Highly recommended!!!
5	Fluctuating between 4 and 5 stars, Aria has yet to disappoint.  Before seeing Rock of Ages at the Belk theater, we filled up on a couple noteworthy appetizers.Lamb sausage and feta pizza.  We ordered this to "appease the Greeks" but holy smokes, this is a delicious pizza.  Greek heritage not required.Caramelized gnocchi: served in a truffle oil cream sauce with prosciutto.  If you like truffles, you will LOVE this gnocchi. It's  "scraping the bowl with your fingers" good. Our server was extra friendly and very helpful with recommendations.  I had a glass of Barbera (eh, 2 glasses) that was excellent and under $10 a glass!
5	Wow!!! Aria Tuscan is amazing. From the moment you arrive you feel right at home. The staff is unpretentious for such a prestigious address. Located in Center City @ Founders Hall/Bank of America Coporate Center I would think the place would have an "Uptown Aura", but it really doesn't. High Class without the attitude. One Block from Time Warner Arena, or Epicenter the location is perfect. Now to the food. The Five Stars in my opinion are an understatement. Presentation is so important, but so are the quality of ingredients. Chef Frank and his staff have obviously put a lot of thought and effort into each course, and I have yet to meet one I did not like. Try their 3 Course lunch for $9. I had the salad, spaghetti with meatballs, cheesecake, and plenty of La Bozza Toscana bread. Just the right amount of food, and I felt outstanding when I left. For dinner try Grand. B's Lasagna, the Pan Seared scallops or salmon and follow it up with House Made Ricotta. I live two hours away from Aria, but frequent Charlotte for business. I will drive to Charlotte though just to eat here. It is simply that delightful!The Chef here is top notch, and one of the best around! If you haven't tried Aria you are truly missing out. Important tip: Request they validate your parking.
3	Really 3.5 stars.I went with my wife on a Friday evening around 8, no reservation, no problem getting a table.  It seemed to get a little crowded after a Bobcats game let out later on, but it was fine.  The service was without any problems, unlike many of the reviews here.  Of course, we were at a table not at the bar.  It is a bit trendy, but not unbearably so.The food is good.  I loved the warm ciabatta type roll that came out first, with some olive oil and pepper it was a great appetizer.  We also had the fritti mixti.  I had originally asked about the 5 dollar bar bites, but evidently they are only available at the bar.  The mixti was fine, but nothing special for 12 dollars.  We had two glasses of wine, which sort of bizarrely arrived in normal tumbler style glasses rather than wine glasses.  I didn`t really care, but it was a first for me.For an entree I had the sausage, broccoli rabe and orrechiette, with a very strong garlic flavor (plus in my book) and a good bit of spice.  I have dairy issues, so it would have been nice if they had listed the cheese in the ingredients on the menu.  Nonetheless, it was flavorful.  My wife had the bucatini with pesto which she also like quite a good deal.  We had a good meal, but I don`t think that we will be back.  It is a bit costly for what they offer, and it is definitely too trendy for us.  It looks like it is trying to attract an epicenter crowd.
5	Have been here a couple of times.  Service is great, food is delicious and almost too pretty to eat.  A fabulous choice for restaurant week as they do not do a special menu but use their entire regular menu.  For restaurant week only they are open on Sunday. Great for special occassions.
4	I visited for lunch and I'd like to try dinner b4 giving a 5. The atmosphere and the serving details were spot on. My food was solid.
4	I had lunch with a friend last week at Aria.  We showed up a little after noon and were immediately shown to a table.  Our waiter was incredibly attentive throughout the meal and kept the (slightly-cheesy) banter going and our water glasses full.  I asked his opinion between the flatbread special and the mushroom pizza, and was surprised when he recommended the standard menu item over the special (was pleased I didn't get talking into something just to clean out the kitchen).  My friend got a salad with grilled salmon, and it was fresh and colorful.  The fresh bread and olive oil/bean spread is droolworthy.  Their lunch prices are reasonable, and the portion sizes are plentiful (I took half my pizza to-go).  A bit more of a scene at night, but a great Uptown option.
4	We wanted to visit the champagne lounge, but it was booked for an event - luckily, they still serve the same champagnes in the regular dining room.  We had appetizers, champagne and a dessert - all dishes were good - not amazing, but very good. The service was great and the atmosphere nice, just a little loud. Good experience.
4	I wouldn't normally think of Aria for lunch, but my coworkers wanted to take me somewhere different for my birthday, and who am I to refuse that?  I mean, it is a national holiday for me.  So after some negotiation, someone suggested Aria, and I love trying new places, so I was all-in.  We got there early (around 11:30, which is the perfect time for uptown lunch, btw), and were seated at the table by the kitchen, which  was actually kind of annoying (we were basically in a room with one entrance besides the entrance to the kitchen, with no room for the server to move behind our chairs).  No big deal, though, and it was interesting to see the chefs at work.The menu for lunch was pretty extensive and there were a lot of choices.  They even had a lunch deal that was pretty reasonable (and included dessert!).  I opted for a lamb salad with butter beans and some other delicious stuff on it, and it was awesome.  I always jump at the chance to order lamb, because it's rare that I eat somewhere that has it, and I love it soooooo much (baaaaaaaaaaa).  Salad was a pretty decent portion, but that doesn't mean I didn't almost lick the plate clean.  A lot of the others in our group got salads of all different kinds, and they all enjoyed their lunches thoroughly (although I may be the only plate licker... lay off me, I'm starving).I would love to try Aria out for dinner and maybe sample some wines!  I'll definitely be back :)
5	I loved everything about Aria. The food was excellent, my server (Richard) was wonderful and the decor was beautiful. I stopped by on a Thursday evening after work to grab some dinner. The bar was getting pretty packed with men and women in suits and ties.The menu looked good but the bar bites menu looked even better. Each plate was $5 and that was what sold me. I am always one who wants to try everything on the menu but my eyes are bigger than my stomach so I stuck to just three of the items. I ordered the caramelized gnocchi, beef short ribs and the bone marrow. Before my orders were brought out I was presented with a small bowl of tuscan beans and a nice loaf of bread. It was crusty on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside. The beans were drizzled with olive oil and had a hint of lemon juice, salt, parsley, black pepper and salt. You eat the beans with the bread. I've never had this before and it was really good.When my entrees came out they were beautifully plated and they tasted as good as they looked. My top favorite is the bone marrow. In close second was the beef short ribs and then the gnocchi. You scoop out the bone marrow, spread it on your buttered toast and top it off wit the veggies (parsley, red onions, capers). The beef short ribs were sitting on top of polenta and was topped with some greens (don't know what type) and what looked like cubes of beets. It was drizzled with a fruity, acidic sauce. The dish was pulled together nicely. The gnocchi was also beautifully plated but I got this only because it was a dish I have never had before. It looked like little balls of dough but did not taste doughy at all. It was soft and chewy but did not have much flavor. If it wasn't for the toppings (Prosciutto di Parma, Pear, Gorgonzola, Truffle Oil) I wouldn't have liked it. I was pretty full at the end of my meal and didn't finish everything but wanted to get dessert to go. I opted for the chocolate Hazelnut Cake with Hazelnut Gelato & Vanilla Cream. Since I did not have a freezer in my hotel room for the gelato and ice cream, I had to get a substitute of berries. The slice of cake was pretty big and I could not finish it. The cake itself was a little dry but if you take in the hazelnut and the cake along with the chocolate together it is absolutely decadent. I would have been sinful if I had the ice cream and gelato too because I was told that it compliments the cake beautifully and brings out even more flavors. Ugh, I wish I had saved room to eat it the way it was supposed to be eaten. Oh well.
5	Delicious fresh food! Great service!
3	Note: dinner was for large group on a pre-set menuStarted with the Caesar Salad that was somewhat light in flavor but they gave the option with or without anchovies.  Had steak (wygo?) for dinner.  Pretty good but again nothing to write home about.  The service was pretty good.  They started trying to take orders for wine by the glass but realized that was futile and simply opened numerous bottles...  We also started in on the Cranberry and Kettle One...until they ran out of Kettle One.  Normally that would disappoint me but knowing how many we're ordered, not surprising.  Very cool staff as they put together special dessert for one of our party celebrating birthday.  Interested to see how they do from the menu next time.
4	Went here with 2 others for a Friday lunch.  Service, atmosphere and food were all terrific.  We each had the fast lunch entree special, which consisted of a small salad, choice of pasta and a small slice of cheesecake. Yum!  Even with this lunch special we received the loaf of warm bread and the small bowl of Tuscan beans.  Recommended for lunch.
4	Enjoyed a quick, light, affordable lunch here with a friend today. I love the atmosphere and we had marvelous service. My only complaint was that they give you plastic bottles of soda and, as a self professed Diet Coke addict, was a bit let down by the small serving of cola considering the cost of the beverage. My salad was scrumptious and my friend ordered some sort of combo meal with a salad, entree and dessert that looked heavenly. I'll definitely go back for lunch here again soon.
4	Food was great, service was as well. Request the chefs table if available. Would definitely go back.
4	Never been here before and was excited to try it to kick off Charlotte's Queen Feast.  I had made reservations for 5 people with no other special orders.  I was so pleased to see that they took our group and seated us at a special table, the Chef's table.To top if off the menu was fully open for Queen's Feast.  Most places do a shortened menu but not Aria.  I had the daily special which the name escapes me but it was very similar to a pork osso bucco dish atop pasta.  It was delicious!The teramisu (sp) was incredible as a dessert as well.  The service was also very good and the food came out incredibly fast actually.   I would have liked it to have come to the table a bit more throttled but they were also slammed and probably trying to turn tables as quickly as possible.
3	Well it was the last day of Charlotte's amazing Restaurant week and we decided to give Aria a try...I wish we could have ended on a better note....but here goes...We made reservations and were seated immediately, while our waitress never told us what her name was, she did made suggestions on her favorite things on the menu...didnt really go over anything special just said that it's what she always ordered so we should give it a try?!!? So I guess that makes up for it?!?! Moving on...What I did really like was the atmosphere we sat right in front of the open kitchen and everyone back there looked like they were working like bad scientist so again I had high hopes on the meal...It was clean, organized and was a very nice touch to the restaurant.The warm bread and bean and oil dip was good, but nothing to special, now I will say my goat cheese and grilled chicken pizza was delicious...cooked with a nice crispy crust, grilled chicken, bacon and spinach. I had eaten half before I realized I hadn't taken a picture...oooops!My main entree was the Linguini con Gamberi there were 4 large shrimp and a basil pesto sauce...and it was just ok...not great...not horrible just average, which was a huge disappointment... Dessert was cheesecake...typical nothing special...Needless to say it wasn't horrible food or a bad experience but it wasn't outstanding ..I really wanted to like Aria more... so I'm not sure I'll be back.
3	Well it was time for restaurant week again, and this time some friends wanted to try Aria.  The wife and I had been here once before and had a really good meal.  Unfortunately, this time Aria seemed to miss the mark.  With it being restaurant week, it was 3 for 30$ and included appetizer, main and dessert.  I do like that Aria offers basically their whole menu during restaurant week, since most other places have only a few choices.  I had the mushroom pizza, scallop risotto and mascarpone cheesecake.  2 out of 3 very good and flavorful, but the scallop risotto was a disappointment as it was bland and not up to par with other risotto's that I have had in the past.  Now, I am not really a fan of cheesecake, but this one really hit the spot, and the mushroom pizza was as tasty as the last time that i had it.The restaurant has a fairly boisterous atmosphere, so don't go here if you want a quiet, romantic dinner.  There was live music on this evening, which was good, but it was drowned out by the full dinning room chatter.As I mentioned, this was my second visit here and I would rate that visit at 4 and 1/2 to 5 stars.  This one rates only 3 mainly due to the service, which was spotty at best.  It seemed that we were bothering our server whenever she came over.  It was the second night of restaurant week, but she seemed to be hoping that the week ended soon.Don't get me wrong, I will probably return.  I just need to figure out a good day to go when they are less slammed, like a week day.
4	Service leaves little to be desired.  Waitstaff is all frowning.    That being said, the kitchen is fast and the food is good!   This is a great place to dine if you need to be served quickly, in a chic atmosphere.    I recommend the wood fire pizza for appetizer, and for the main either the salmon or the osso bucco, and for dessert the tiramisu!   This place is popular with the business cliental, so make sure you make reservations.
4	I just ate at Aria this weekend and it was a great experience! I made reservations on Saturday morning on OpenTable for that night at 8:15. After reading a few Yelp reviews, I requested the Chef's table, which is located in an alcove with a view of the kitchen. It's a different and cool experience to see everything going on behind the scenes. Most entrees are between $15 and $30. There's a large wine selection with bottles around $30-40. Some people have noted that the portions are small, but I felt they were perfectly sized. Everyone at our table finished their meal and had room for dessert, but any larger and we would have asked for boxes. Here's the thing: this is not Maggiano's. Do not go into this restaurant expecting huge shareable portions. But every dish was cooked perfectly and delivered flavor I don't think I could get elsewhere. The server was extremely helpful and attentive and the kitchen staff worked hard. I definitely suggest this place for a special date night or a nice dinner. And definitely request the Chef's table (it seats 6) if you like to experience something different.
4	My family and I ate at Aria for dinner one night when we were visiting Charlotte. We went there with not too high expectations but were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food.I would absolutely recommend this restaurant and would visit there again on my next visit to Charlotte.
4	Love this place.  Gorgeous atmosphere, attentive and knowledgeable service, and consistently delicious food.  Personal favorites are the caramelized gnocchi (sans pancetta), mushroom pizza, and calamari.  Always a lovely time.
4	I've been to Aria a few times and have never been disappointed.  Although dinner there is great, I particularly like their lunch specials.They've got all the basics you would expect in an italian restaurant and their dishes tend toward lighter, more sophisticated presentations as opposed to a family-style mound of food.I got a sausage and orecchiette lunch special there not long ago and it was one of the most satisfying meals I had in a restaurant in some time.Luckily, their good food comes with dynamite friendly service.Keep it up!
4	The food here was fantastic.  I'm glad I had a chance to eat here.  The Osso Bucco was fantastic.  Great for groups or it can depending where you sit be good for an intimate dinner with your significant other.
3	One thing that always brings me back are their affordable prices for their delicious food. One thing that sometimes prevents me from recommending Aria is their service.Aria's lunch specials are nothing short of genius, three courses for about 9 dollars is always a steal in the center of uptown Charlotte, however I cannot get over the lack of service skills the staff of this restaurant have.I walked in for lunch and was seated at an obviously dirty table by the hostess. After mentioning the state of my table, the hostess told us to get up and stand to the side to wait on our table to be cleaned. It then took about 20 mins for our drinks to get to our table and our water caraffe layed empty for most of our meal after we drank it all. In addition to the host's undone appearance, some of the servers themselves looked as if they just rolled out of bed. Not quite sure I appreciate being in an upscale restaurant with hungover, sloppy looking waitstaff. I must say the Sausage Oricchiette was delicious, and every dinner I've had there was a home run food wise. Aria would be an automatic first choice for me if they tightened up the floor a bit.
4	Went here for lunch. Got the 3-course lunch special with a caesar salad, pasta of your choice, and cheesecake. Sounds like a lot but portions weren't very big. Tasted great though!
3	Really friendly service and good food. The bread and bean spread is unique but very delicious. I wasn't a fan of the tight seating. If I am going to sit that close to you, we need to be friends, or you have to let me try your food.
5	Love it look, food, bar style everything. One of my top 5 places in Charlotte to go for dinner or evening out
2	Great the first time we went and horrible the 2nd time
5	Just had the most phenomenal beef tenderloin at Aria! Chef Frank out did himself. The service was impeccable.
4	This was our first visit to Aria.  We had a reservation for 7:15, but had to wait between five and 10 minutes to be seated.  They said they were "cleaning the table", but there seemed to be several empty tables already.  Anyway, we were seated upstairs, which I was happy about. The downstairs was quite loud.  A server came over and took our drink order right away.  A second server came over and seemed a little confused about whether he should take our drink order or our dinner order.  The food was outstanding.  We started out with an order of steamed mussels with a white wine fennel sauce.  It was a generous-sized serving, perfect for two people.  I had the Osso Bucco and my husband had the butternut squash ravioli.  Both of these are regular menu items and both were awesome.  My Osso Bucco came with a very tiny spoon, which I didn't know what to do with.  My husband pointed out that it was a marrow spoon.   Hmmmmmm, no thanks!For dessert, we selected the chocolate-nutella bread pudding.  It was warm, delicious and a perfect size to share when you just want a little something sweet to end the meal.
2	Bar review only! Wine selection was Good not great!I am Italian and was raised drinking wine from glasses from the pantry. When I'm in public and spend 20 on a glass I prefer a wine glass not a glass from the pantry. I understand its supposed to be Tuscan style but there should be a choice of steam ware. Ambiance was good. Service was okI'll be back to eat for sure.
4	We had a lunch business meeting here using their upstairs meeting room.The lunch was a buffet style lunch. The food was very delicious and the servers were friendly, helpful, and professional.NOTE: A word of warning about using their meeting space. There is an entrance to the restaurant from the commons area of the Bank of America Corporate Center building in which Aria is located. The restaurant either cannot or won't close off this entrance during business hours. Thus - we had a constant annoying stream of people coming and going to the restaurant during our presentations - some of them talking loudly as they came up the stairs to exit the restaurant.Secondly, the upstairs room IS NOT isolated from the rest of the restaurant - the stairway and some open space allow a lot of noise to filter upstairs. The second presenter had to move away from the podium right up to the group so that he could be heard (microphone was not working).I'm not going to ding Aria about the meeting space issues as I had no hand in booking the space. Had I made the arrangements for the space and then had this happen, I would have dinged them a couple extra stars.
4	Fresh, flavorful lunch. Lots of seating, fairly cheap for lunch. good place to try.
3	Had dinner 5-10 times there in the last 2 months and without being fancy, it offers a consistent experience with what I consider "international food" but not specifically Italian or Mediterranean at all (I used to live 30 minutes from Italy). The menu changed last week and the new items are not bad. they dropped the short ribs which is sad because they were really good.I did not try too many of the wines, I always get the same one that is not bad but I just have to get used drinking it in a water glass! Staying at the Marriott downtown in Charlotte it is a good dinner option without hitting all the junk food joints around the hotel and without having to drive for alternative healthy options.
3	Went for lunch today for my first visit. The server was very nice and very patient with us. We had lots of questions about the menu since it was our first visit and she was very knowlegable. The bread and white beans came out immediately after placing our order. I am a true bread lover and was quite disappointed with bread. It may have just been stale but nonetheless it was disappointing. We started with the Caprese Salad which was very tasty. The tomatos were fresh and the argula instead of basil was a nice touch.For my main, I got the Salmon dish. It was server with veggies and pesto couscous. The veggies were cut into very small pieces and tossed in a tomato sauce. All I could taste was the sauce and tasted no pesto in the couscous. The salmon was good but portion were very small. It was ok but I wont be making a special trip back anytime soon.
4	Went today with a party of eight for a business lunch and I have to say Aria far exceeded my expectations.Service was quick and competent, although they never took a drink order so we all ended up drinking water. I'm sure if someone was really jonesing for a soda or tea they would have made it obvious, but instead we all just enjoyed the water and the frequent refills.My steak salad was phenomenal. The steak was served over arugula with fresh mozzarella and a balsamic vinaigrette with some roasted peppers. It was fantastic and I would order it again in a heartbeat.Everyone else really enjoyed their dishes too, from chicken parmesan to risotto. The first comments from the group as we started to eat were that the food was so much better than you usually get at lunch.I'm sure Aria has its ups and downs, but we clearly hit it at an "up" time. I will bring other people back for lunch again.
5	Excellent Italian food and a huge wine collection.  Anytime you're in Charlotte downtown.  Stop in.  You won't be disappointed!
3	was ok. service was ok as well. we did have a big group. the food wasn't that great.  they do have good drinks and a good atmosphere.
5	Love it when a expensive, hyped  restaurant lives up to the reputation.  We went during restaurant week, so expected the quality to take a hit while they were feeding the hungry masses...soooo wrong! Im stingy with my 5 stars but I just could not find a thing wrong.  The cauliflower soup was silky and delicate with interesting flavors, the lamb shank was so  incredibly delicious and flavorful, the desserts were AMAZING- blueberry upside down cake was warm, yummy soft cake with local blueberrys and ice cream, the almond brittle cheesecake was so good!. I didn't think you could make a cheesecake interesting but they did it, so kudos!  But my favorite was the scallops.  They combined it with a fabulous puree, young flavorful peas, butter beans some sort of jam.... and they were cooked perfectly- nicely seared and just barely crisp on the outside.  LOVED Aria, its now on my top 5 in Charlotte.
4	The portions here are ENORMOUS. Came here for restaurant week and hit up the price fixe.My first course was a pizza. It was delicious! Very good for a place that doesn't claim to specialize in it. The cheese and sauce were the best part: creamy/salty and sweet/tangy without being overpowering. Nice balance. It was thin crust, and that was okay, too. However, this "personal pan" could have served as my ENTIRE MEAL.My second course was the NY strip. Good. Tasty. Didn't knock anything outta the park but no complaints.Ended the meal with a slice of cheesecake which was awesome. However, it is not as good as the Palm's. Not as sugary, not as big, not half as good!Washed everything down with a red wine that was on a pretty good deal. Came here last year for restaurant week as well and I must say neither time have I been disappointed.
3	I went here for lunch with a couple of coworkers because we saw their $8.99 lunch special.  It was well advertised, and they got us to go.  The $8.99 special comes with a choice of Cesar or mixed house salad, choice of pasta (from 4 choices), and a dessert (with no choice).  They also serve complimentary bread in the beginning which is always nice.SO the funny thing is that they serve all 3 portions (salad, pasta, and dessert) all on the same plate!  It was cool in a way, BUT the portions were way too small.  So i had to eat extra bread to feel full!  I got ordered: House salad: I got the balsamic dressing (FYI, this was a thicker kind of balsamic dressing) everything about the salad was acceptable.  Penne Vodka pasta:  It was very good, but the portion was too small.  Cheesecake:  I am not sure everyday it is cheesecake for the lunch special.  It was great cheesecake, but once again a very tiny portion. I am not holding them against their tiny portions for their lunch special because we took a risk to try it.  The one thing that brought them down to 3 stars was their lack of service for refilling our sweet teas, and bringing our check just very slow during lunch time.  Other then that I would definitely go back for the normal large portions of food!  ENJOY!
3	So, it's 615pm on a weeknight and I am at 100 Tryon St but the restaurant is nowhere in sight!  Now if you don't know our city, you cannot legally turn off of Tryon at rush hour. Long story short, I park a block away and ask a cop for directions.  At 635pm, I arrive at the restaurant  whose front doors are on E Trade and the valet sits on the corner of Trade and College.In a fowl mood, I was greeted by a extremely nice and witty blonde bartender who calmed me down as she brought me my favorite OMB Copper, that I was happy they served and supported.Not knowing it was restaurant week, our business party of 6 were seated promptly at the Chef's table in the kitchen.  We all ordered off the regular menu which was  slightly extended than the RW offering but not by much.Our server was friendly but this table is very hard to serve.  It also is louder since you hear the restaurant noise as well as the chef orchestrating service. I don't think I would ever want to sit in a kitchen again.All of our portions were a good size a fare price.  My veal though was tough but had great flavor. Everyone said they enjoyed their food but it was not anything special.There is a good selection of wines  but our server was not very familiar with many.I would go back, now that I know how to get there, and give them another try.  Maybe they had the RW first night glitters.
4	Aria is typically not the type of establishment I would frequent. It seems like the type of place that people who think they are sophisticated go to feel like they are sophisticated. As I'm fond of saying when I see tables VIP reserved at the booty clubs here in Charlotte, "This is not New York City."Despite the Gattaca style ambiance that this troglodyte normally doesn't associate with Italian joints, the food was awesome. It does happen every so often that my ingrained, arbitrary, judgmental prejudices are incorrect.This was a restaurant week visit and Aria gets automatic kudos for offering practically the full menu instead of paring the choices down to three or four almost popular options.I did play it traditional with my meal, sticking to classic staples. The fried calamari was fresh, light and crispy, not greasy or oily at all, with plenty of tentacles, which are the best part. For my main entree, I had the linguine and clams like some kind of mafioso. Fresh clams in the shell and plenty of them served on a bed of al dente linguine and understated white wine clam sauce. The portion size thankfully is not overwhelming nor skimpy. All finished off with an amazing cheesecake, perhaps one of the best deserts I've ever had and I'm not a huge fan of cheesecake. Aria could be worth an end of the evening stop simply for desert. And I really don't believe in desert; it takes up too much stomach space that I need for meal gorging.This three course dinner was not heavy at all like a lot of Italian food, sitting in your gut some sort of fart bomb ready to go off.I did not get a drink, but the table next me ordered some refreshing looking cocktails. I'm comfortable enough with myself to drink pink. The wine selection is extensive. It's supposed to be, it's an Italian restaurant.If I had a special lady, I'd take her here. Yeah, it's that nice.
4	Had reservation on a Sat night at 8:15, the bar was full, the restaurant was about little over half full and the hostess tried to sit us at the worst table available.  That didn't work, but I will say she had an alternate table quickly upstairs which was fine because it's not as loud.  Our appetizers, the calamari and gnocchi were good and entrees were also really good and nice portions.  I particularly liked my paparadelle.  Pizzas were a hit too. Our server was excellent and attentive.  All in all a nice experience.  I look forward to returning to try other dishes.
4	Four different entres with four friends were ordered and all four were great! Cheesecake and Gelato are fantastic! Great setting and service is paced so you don't get stuffed. Best in Italian for Charlotte.
5	At first we were a bit put off that the wait was going to be over an hour but there looked like there were plenty of open tables. We assumed that there was a large party reserved. They offered us a table off the bar area that was better than most of the tables in the regular dining area. Great view of the people walking by and coming in to the restaurant. Our server, Dennis, was excellent. He was very attentive and courteous. It didn't feel like we were sitting at the bar at all. He even noticed when one of us dropped a utensil and came right over to check up on us. The food came out at a decent amount of time and was very good too. We hope to visit Aria again soon.
4	Ok.  I ate at Aria two nights ago for a girlfriends Bachelorette party.  We had a party of 20 or so ladies.  For such a very big table, I was BAFFLED that there was only one waiter, but he did a spectacular job!  We felt like everything came out in a timely manner!I had two drinks; "The peel" and the "DSL"... both were creative and delicious, but the peel was more grapefruit juice than cocktail... so I'm not sure the $8-10 pricetag was warranted for something that fit into a champagne flute.The arugula and pear salad was delightful and the Scottish salmon was buttery and perfectly cooked!  I cannot say enough about how lovely the food was!All in all - I paid just about $55 for two drinks, a salad, my meal, and a generous tip.  I don't think it's too much for a nice night out!Compared to some of the other "upscale" restaurants in uptown Charlotte, I'd say you could do MUCH worse than a visit to Aria.  I thoroughly enjoyed it, and would go again!
4	Came here for a rehearsal dinner.  Got the chicken parm - was good.  If you can make a decent chicken parm, you got my vote.  The establishment itself is nice - really large.  We had the upstairs for the party - the vegetable plate was good - fresh roasted peppers.  Service was good.
5	Went to Aria on Nov 8 for a girls night out. The location which is in the heart of downtown Charlotte and very convenient if you are going out on the town after dinner. The interior is chic and modern and had a very nice vibe when you entered the restaurant. We were seated right away upon arrival in a quite corner of the room with a view of the kitchen. We ordered several cocktails (can't remember the names right now...go figure) but they all were delicious. For apps we had the fritto misto and beef carpaccio. Both dishes were amazing, but I am still dreaming about the beef carpaccio to this day, it was that amazing. For entrees I had the lamb shank, which was so tender and simply perfection. My other two friends had the salmon and chicken. Both of those were pretty excellent as well. Overall we had an amazing time and I cannot wait to make it back to Aria.
3	Grabbed some dinner to go here after arriving in Charlotte a bit after most restaurants close (so early relative to New York!). Decided to order the Spiced Pork Belly and Pear & Goat Cheese Salad. After just 10 minutes, my food was done. True to Southern hospitality, the whole staff was incredibly kind.The food however was just okay. The Spiced Pork Belly was a bit bland (maybe because I am used to Asian-style pork belly) and the brussel sprouts could have used a little more flavor. The Pear & Goat Cheese Salad was equally unimpressive, though they did give a lot of it as just an appetizer. I tend to prefer fresher pears in my salad and the pears here had been marinated for longer or something. The goat cheese was a bit too much to my taste, but I did enjoy the nuts and tangy dressing. Winner of the meal goes to the massive chunk of bread, which I was planning on not eating, but after taking a bite, finished almost all of it. It was still warm and soft on the inside with a crunchy crust. Delicious!Nothing out of the ordinary about Aria, but if I happen to need a late dinner with friendly service in Charlotte again, I'd stop by and possibly try some of the entrees that my fellow Yelpers are raving about.
5	I have yet to have a bad meal here. Food is more than solid, great atmosphere and the service is consistent. Perfect for a date or a group. When in doubt, go to Aria :)
4	My company hosted their annual holiday party here recently, and I was quite impressed with Aria's staff for a job well done. The food was on point, especially the steak with horseradish sauce. Even though the meal was catered for a group over 140 people, it certainly didn't taste that way. We were told by management prior to our attendance that service might be slow since our group was a bit larger than anticipated, but I didn't get that sense at all. Bar service was very efficient, and empty cups and dirty plates were swept away by waitstaff as if by ninjas.There was tasteful live music at our venue. The space is a bit tight in some spots, but it made for a much more intimate atmosphere. Also, Aria offered us complementary valet parking, which was great as there was a football game in town that night.I'm not sure about the price figure on our party, but I think it was worth however much was spent. We all had a great time.I need to come back for dinner sometime.
3	Good meal, but the entrees, including the stuffed roasted rabbit loin I got, were barely lukewarm on arrival. Way too loud -- on a Monday at 8:00 -- to hold a conversation. Out of the wine we ordered. Solid service. Nice presentation.
3	It's hit or miss! They need to get their consistency correct and have their dishes become more uniform. When I come to a restaurant I want the menu items to be established, not completely different ingredients for the same dish every time! My favorite dishes become my least favorite dishes depending on how they decide to prepare them each night. That being said when they get it right it's amazing.
4	We are new to Charlotte, from California, and decided to check out the Christmas lights/decorations in Uptown and grab a bite for dinner. We stumbled upon Aria and decided to give it a chance. We didn't have a reservation and were be seated at the bar. since it was completely booked (a Saturday night). We were pleasantly surprised by the live guitar/singer who was very near the bar, lovely. The bartender. which was our server was outstanding. He checked on us frequently and recommended great bear and food. The food was tasty and very well priced. We plan to come back with a reservation to sit in the main dining area.
4	We ate at Aria last night for New Year's Eve. We sat at the bar, the service was great. They were totally slammed, and still managed to be cheerful, helpful, and efficient.  We just did some small plates and apps.  The gnochhi lacked any impressionable flavor, the steak carpaccio was my favorite, along with the yummy bread.  I enjoyed the ceasar salad served with kale and romaine.  I hope to go back and try their entrees. Overall, great experience and the location is great fir any event downtown..
4	I was at Aria last Wed during restruant week.  I started off with Eggplant Parmesan.  It was excellent.  I had the NC Trout for my entree.  I was expecting a small fillet but it ended up being a whole fish.  It was cooked perfectly with a side of mashed pdotatoes.  I had Fig, Pecan dessert and it was excellent.
4	Ate at the Chef's table and had a wonderful experience.  Very impressive wait staff; top notch suggestions with both food and wine.  Interior is very modern and has a busy happy hour. Started with the caesar salad; big for a starter salad. Anchovies gave it a nice fresh taste.  Had the short rib pappardelle with a bolognese sauce.  Fresh pecorino and rosemary and it was just perfect.  Everyone's plate looks amazing.  Osso Bucco was also a popular choice at the table and I had a taste of that. It was also very good.  I was stuffed after dinner so didnt' have a dessert but saw some leaving the kitchen; looked like I missed some good choices.  It is a corporate crowd for sure but it we had great service, tasty food and it had a nice wine list as well.
5	Had a great experience tonight wait staff excellent , food outstanding ... Plan to return soon
5	If you're going to a performance at Belk Theater, Aria is an excellent choice for pre-theater dinner.  We made reservations ahead of time, enjoyed a delicious dinner, and made it to the theater in plenty of time.  We skipped the appetizers and ordered linguine with clam sauce and the wild mushroom risotto.  Both were very good, and the server was excellent.  Dessert was salted caramel gelato, and you can mix & match gelato and sorbet flavors for a variety.  Aria also offers a 10% discount when you present your BPAC theater tickets.  If you're going to theater on weekends or matinees, check times and make reservations to be sure they're open.  Overall a great choice!
3	Nice romantic place!Pros?-Happy hour prices were good-Plenty of seating-Mood lighting makes it feel fancy-Good selection of foodCons?-Service was mediocre-Gets very busy
5	Went here for my birthday last summer. First of all the white decor in this place really sets it apart from other restaurants.  Very upscale, modern looking. It was a Saturday, so it was pretty crowded. The service & food was awesome. Will definitely be back.
3	For such an expensive restaurant I expected a lot more. I will say I was impressed with the service considering we were a party of 10. I got the roasted carrot salad and the stems were left on it, I thought out they must be edible - they might be but they do not taste good. MY finance got the the crudo which he enjoyed but his braised short ribs required a knife to be cut and  the brussel sprouts were under cooked. For dinner I had the gnocchi with mushrooms and fennel which was nice, but certainly nothing to write home about. Based on the price and sub par food I will not be returning.
4	New to the Charlotte area, my boyfriend and I walked into this restaurant without a reservation.  We were greeted with a not so welcoming tone, where we almost felt like a burden for entering the restaurant by the host. We were seated in the up stairs dining area, with a view of an indoor mall. Our waiter luckily was much more welcoming than our host, his service was excellent, checked up on us and provided us with our food promptly.  As for our meal, we ordered a margerhita pizza as an appetizer which was perfect, and had a light tomato sauce. We then ordered the slate grilled ny strip which was  delicious, and also ordered the pan roasted nantucket scallops which i found tender but a bit overly seasoned. Out of those 2 dishes i would prefer the ny strip. We also ordered the expresso cheesecake which had a perfect consistency. Servings are a decent size compared for these 2 dishes but is pricey. 4 stars because i felt host and hostess could have been welcoming and who wants to feel like your not welcomed?  Should visit if you've got the cash to spend, special occasion worthy? No.
4	I go down to Charlotte periodically for work and have been to Aria several times. The food is good and very well priced. Some of my favorites have been the potato gnocchi, the osso buco, and the sausage orecchiette. The food is also very consistent as well and services is speedy. Recommended is you're in town.
5	My husband and I visited Charlotte a couple weekends ago.  We  decided to try Aria for dinner.  We did not have a reservation but we were promptly seated because we arrived late in the evening. We ordered the eggplant appetizer and the mussels. Both were delicious.  I mean, delicious. I've never witnessed my husband rave over the mussel broth before, and I know had we been alone, he would have picked up that bowl and drank it.  For our main course I had the slate grilled new York strip and the hubs had the braised leg of lamb.  I don't really know exactly how much my husband enjoyed his meal... I know he ate every bite and seemed to enjoy it... But I was so focused on how freaking good my meal was, that I wasn't paying him or his plate much attention.  My mouth waters still thinking about this meal.  Do yourself a favor and order the steak! The only negative I had was the waiter was not as attentive as I'd like.  He was forgetful and lacked knowledge about what was actually in the plate.  But other than that, we will definitely be back to Aria!
4	I've been here 5-6 times now on business when I am in Charlotte. The food has always been very good. Service is very nice...especially for dinner one night we had a guy who was an actor...I forget his name but he was very attentive and friendly and outgoing. There is a gnocchi dish that is on the dinner appetizer menu... it may or may not still be there but it is off the charts delicious.
5	Loved the ambience and vibes in the location. Food was absolutely delicious and service was great. Would definitely come back!
3	Half portions of pasta make for a great dinner without being stuffed.  Travel to Charlotte fairly often for dinner, Aria is a reliable restaurant for a good dinner, nice wine selection, and overall good value.I would recommend dining here, especially if you are dining alone and still want a nice restaurant.
1	Initially we really liked Aira, but this is definitely not the case now. My husband and I visited Aria towards the end of May for my birthday dinner. I made the reservation two weeks in advance to make sure they had availability. Upon arriving hostess #1  whispered to hostess #2 that she wanted to seat us upstairs at the small table. Hostess #2 was initially hesitant but then said "fine by me". At first I thought perhaps, it would be a more quiet and romantic table. I was wrong, it was not just a small table, it was tiny. My husband's legs were crunched because we were sitting at right angles to each other instead of across from each other. Sitting across was not possible. The table location was facing the upstairs exit sign and right near the kitchen exit where all the servers come out with the food. We only stayed at the table because our server was so nice and we did not want her to miss out on a good tip. There was plenty of other seating available but the hostess seated us at the worst table in the restaurant. This definitely should not be given to people with a reservation or better yet, it should be removed. To give them some credit, the food was good and our server was top notch.  As we were leaving hostess #1 ducked her head and was laughing uncontrollably. Unbelievable!  Aria, you are only as good as your worst employee. You lost a repeat customer because you hired a ridiculous hostess. Good luck! Charlotte's population is growing, more restaurants are opening, people have options.
4	Four of us met for lunch at this centrally located Uptown restaurant.  Hospitality by staff, food and service are all very good.  Furnishings and carpet are a little tired looking and could use an upgrade, but that does not detract from very reasonable luncheon prices with a good selection and quality.
3	I went there for lunch and had the 'express meal' which is a combination of some of Aria's most popular items. I got the greens, pasta, and cheesecake. The food was passable, nothing outstanding. The service was good-fast delivery and pleasant staff. Unless I had to I wouldn't go back there.
5	We came here during restaurant week and had a great time. The pizza d'Aria was just delicious, wild duck breast was medium but it felt medium rare and a bit too raw for my taste.  My SO had grilled eggplant, a great appetizer as well. The service is fast and friendly,  would love to explore more on their menu in the future.
5	The cocktails, food and wine here is fantastic!  This restaurant could survive in any big city in the country and it's an amazing find in Charlotte. Service is always friendly and prompt.
5	We took a chance as part of restaurant week. What an awesome experience. I had the Calamari appetizer, crisp, delicious and perfectly done, Ben had the meatball sliders, also a great choice, Tony had the lamb and Marty had the eggplant... fantastic! For entrees, Tony and Marty had the duck, perfectly done and delicious, Ben had the slate grilled steak, also excellent, I had the lamb shank... out of this world! Desert was also spectacular... a Crostato, Tiramisu, Espresso Cheesecake and the Peanut Chocolate ganache tart... great coffee too! All of this was topped off by the wonderful service delivered by our server, Hope. Very attentive, made a fantastic wine recommendation. All and all another place on my list of places to return to.
4	We walked in during a very busy Saturday night and were seated at what appeared to be the chef's table by the kitchen. This was very interesting as we got to observe a bit of the hustle & bustle of the kitchen. We got the lamb pappardelle, the margherita pizza, the salmon, the chocolate gelato & the coffee cheesecake. Pretty much everything was perfectly proportioned and enjoyable. We also loved the attentive service. Coming from NY, the prices seemed very reasonable for what is an upscale italian restaurant.
4	I have been many many times with clients as it is very convenient for the and I am always happy with it. Service is always friendly, the food comes out pretty fast and they always have pretty good specials.
3	good food
3	Caprese salad and bruchetta with spicy salami spread were excellent.  Main course and desert were average, so was the service.  Pretty good, but you can probably do better in Charlotte.
4	Strolling around uptown, I came across Aria at street level of the Bank of America building. Through the windows I could see an inviting bar area so I decided to choose Aria for my dinner. I was greeted warmly by the hostess and then found a seat at the bar. The bartenders were quick to speak with me and offer me a beverage. I ordered the shaved kale salad and definitely recommend it. In addition to the kale, there were shaved Brussels sprouts and chopped hazelnuts. The salad was finished off with a hazelnut vinaigrette. Really nice. My main course was the carbonara pancetta - the pasta was done perfectly and the sauce had just the right consistency - not too heavy. It is obvious that attention to detail is a priority of the Aria staff.
5	My wife and I are here prior to attending a show. The restaurant was full and we were running late for our show and asked the hostess if we could be seated quickly. Not only did the hostess seat us immediately, our waitress recognized we were in a rush to eat and got served us with impressive speed! The food and wine were wonderful and we made the show with 10 minutes to spare! We'll be back here soon!
4	Classy italian, great atmosphere, a little loud when there is live music. Not sure if I prefer this or Vivace more. They are both pretty stellar places.Came here on a date. Wonderful romantic atmosphere. The interior is nice, the meal was also very good. I had the rabbit wrapped in spinach and it was very tasty. My date had the pork and I tried a bite, and it was very flavorful.Almost didn't order dessert... but I'm so glad we decided to try the tiramisu. It came in a jar, and was like the best thing I've tasted in a year. It was incredible and ridiculous. We loved it. Photo attached. I want to go back and order it 10 more times. The rest of the food could suck (it didn't) and I would still go back for that dessert.
5	The food we had here was incredible. The flavors were fresh, complimentary and amazing together. The atmosphere is intimate.
3	We did a last minute trip to Charlotte for our 18th anniversary, on the way down we did the "where to eat" Google search. After reading a few recommendations we chose Aria. It was okay. I called ahead to ask about parking and was told to park in the BOA lot, we found out that's different from the BOA plaza deck across from there from their front door, we discovered this 2 hours and 14 dollars later. Also we biked through the open table as instructed on their voicemail explaining it was an 18th anniversary, we got the table by the kitchen which was wide open and very loud, waiter wasn't aware. I wasn't looking for anything but an acknowledgement is a way to show you appreciate patrons. Food was good, not great but the apple crisp with cranberries was awesome!
5	Always great. The staff really does an awesome job.  The food, defintely 5 stars consistently.!!! I have had the Lamb burger, Salmon Burger and the Chicken Parmesan which they serve w/polenta...Excellent...ALL OF IT!! Their salads, flat breads are also a favorite. I recommend this place to everyone!!
4	I took a chance here my first night in Charlotte and had an awesome experience. Great atmosphere with a beautiful, romantic interior. I think it's a reliable restaurant if you're ever in the area and up for good food at good value. The flavors are complimentary and meals are also sizable. I think the staff could have been a bit more welcoming but my friends and the food made the experience for me so I would come back.
2	Crummy, snarky service. My coworkers and I ventured to Aria for lunch on a Friday and got there about 15 minutes after they opened at 11:45 a.m. We walked in and waited... and waited... and waited. Although three servers were literally leaning up against the walk talking to each other, not working, we stood at the hostess stand for a good five minutes before someone finally came over and greeted us - and I use the term "greeted" loosely.The woman snarkily asked if we'd been helped; we hadn't. She then said, "Do you have a reservation? You don't." The restaurant was barely half full, and she was a complete jerk to us and the other hostess who eventually wandered over to the hostess stand. They acted like us not making a reservation (there were 5 of us) was just about the worst thing that could ever happen. My coworkers and I were all looking at each other like "Is this seriously happening? Are we really being treated this rudely?" They were.Our food was fine - I got the grilled chicken salad - but it certainly wasn't worth the awful service we got.
5	Terrific dinner and the server was so helpful and friendly. I enjoyed the artisan cheeses to start and had the panseared North Carolina flounder on her recommendation and both were delicious!
5	Loved this place, can't believe I haven't been here sooner. If you are from out of town, this is definitely a must stop :)
