3	Not impressed with the "featured" greens drink- someone must have mixed up the ratios of cucumber and celery, because there's no reason for what I drank to be so overwhelmingly bitter. Not sure if the specific person who helped me is to blame or if their drink ingredients are simply a rough guideline to follow. I make green juices regularly at home, but clearly no attempt was made at balancing the flavors in this drink.In addition to fresh juices, menu also includes smoothies and a host of acai bowls- trying the peanut butter version is next on my list. Didn't notice until after I ordered at the counter that they have bottled cold-press juices (which I prefer) in the refrigerated case: I'll stick to those next time.Location is by the Macy's entrance, you'll know you're near if you see the Bath and Body Works or Brighton stores.
4	Stopped by the other day just before closing... Pink Flamingo smoothie was pretty  tasty!  We have been here twice... Both times we enjoyed the smoothie. The location might be a little off the main street but the sun shine WARM during the winter. Great to sit outside when its sunny. We like that its also very clean... We will be back for sure... I approve this message J K KUHL. saving the planet from bad food.
2	The juices are pretty tasty, but their customer service is poor and this is why they don't deserve more stars. Located in an upscale area they refuse hundred dollar bills.
5	DJ JAZZY Juice & THE FRESH Veggies LYRICSNow this is a story all about howMy diet got flipped turned upside downAnd I'd like to just take a minute Just sit right thereI'll tell you how I became the prince of a town called Las Vegas In west Los Angeles born and raisedIn the burger joint is where I spent most of my daysChillin' out maxin' relaxin' all coolAnd all eating some b-burgers outside on the curbWhen a couple of guys who were up to some goodStarted making smoothies in my neighborhoodI got in one little cleanse and my stomach felt greatSo I started on this diet and moved up to sin cityI whistled at this amazing employee and when she came nearShe had this tasty looking Acai bowl that had fresh strewberrys to the rear If anything I could say that this bar was rareBut I thought 'Nah, forget it' - 'Yo, homes I'll take oneI pulled up to the bar about 3 or 4 times a dayAnd I yelled to the same employee 'Yo homes another one todayI looked at my acai bowlI was finally happyTo add some exercise to my diet and sit on my throne as the Prince of Healthy
5	Tried this place out for the first time and it was great! Great place to get a healthy refreshing drink. Will be coming back for sure!
5	What a little gem!I don't always post the most positive of reviews but this juice bar is really as good as it gets!I had some time to kill in the neighborhood, so I was so glad I stumbled upon this Oasis (truly an oasis), with its myriad varieties of juices, smoothies and acai bowls...I got the peanut butter Acai bowel and it was amazing!!! It was so good and filling.  All the products are organic and great for people on clean diets.I ordered the 16 oz drink so I decided to get the Sublime Juice, which contains lime, orange, Parsley, Kale, spinach, and cucumber.  It was really good!  Has a bit of tartness in it which I like. You can even customize your drinks as well and add on other ingredients to drinks that are already set with certain ingredients.Friendly and fast service! This juice alone totally satisfied the craving I had been having. In fact, it hardly tasted like juice at all, more like a sweet savory dessert...The medium size wasn't too expensive either - less than $6. I felt sad that I couldn't get ALL the juices because they sounded so good.
