5	I needed my custom 4 link front suspension adjusted,alignment done and shock mounts moved they did a great job on it. He was able to work on it the same day I called and with a quick turn around. They were extremely reasonable on price and even came in on Saturday for pickup I would recommend them to anyone. They know their jeeps and diesels thanks again!
1	I was recommended this place through several Jeep forums for getting quality work done on a Jeep in my area.I called Jason, the owner, several times about getting me a quote for my Jeep. The first time I called he said he would call me back with a quote. He never called back. The next day I called again, with no answer. I called several times and finally got a ring where you can tell it's a cell phone and he's on the other line. He finally answer and I asked about my quote, and again he said he would get back to me. AGAIN, I never received a call back.If this is the kind of professionalism (or lack there-of) I'm going to receive from the OWNER. I refuse to use this business.If you number you list on your website is a CELL phone, you are not a very good business. I will not be recommending this place to anyone I know. They may do very good work, but if you want customers to come into your business, you better do what you say you're going to do.
5	I was referred to Absolute OffRoad by a fellow Jeep enthusiast.  I sustained total carnage to my LCA in Moab and took it to Jason after trailering it back to Phx.  I immediately noted a couple of boss Rubicon projects in his shop. I mistakenly thought he might not want to bother with a much smaller repair on my 14-year old XJ.  Without hesitation, Jason said: "No problem".  The repair was done at a very fair price and turnaround was fast.  I've also used AO to fix a death wobble.  Now my front end is tight as a drum!  AO is not a large shop, which I personally count on the plus side.  I'd rather wait a little longer and pay for quality work vs a rushed job.  He may not drop a wrench every time the phone rings.....but Jason always returned my phone calls. THANK YOU, Jason.
