1	Very disappointed but will give a pass.  After a phenomenal first experience two weeks ago at the new location in East Liberty, our second experience was the complete opposite.  I know its still in the soft opening phase but things need to turnaround pretty quickly.  The service was horrible.  It started with no wine glasses and went downhill from there.  the guacamole was almost inedible and the queso was also not very good.  My friends meal was missing two ingredients and they had to bring them on the side.  All of our meals were very dry.  Nothing about the meal was very good.  The waiter couldn't answer any questions because he kept saying he was "vegan".  He also ran the same credit card through twice.  I know they are still working out the kinks but things need to improve quickly for this location to succeed.  We will go back but will be waiting for this to happen
2	Had one of the worst dining experiences in recent memory here.  If they weren't claiming to still be in their soft opening I'd give them one star.  The chips and guacamole were embarrassingly bad.  The chips were some sort of store bought Trader Joe's crappy tortilla chips.  At least have the decency to give me Tostitos.  The guacamole may have once been green but I'm not so sure.  The portion was tiny for $6, but frankly it didn't matter because it wasn't worth eating anyway.  My rice was dry, my veggie taco flaccid.  Their salsa verde was delicious.The service was atrocious.  The place wasn't even full and our server was complaining about being swamped in the kitchen.  We ordered our entrees and waited...and waited...and every time a server walked out of the kitchen we hoped it was our food.  Our server headed for our table and let us know that she "just found out" that they were out of chiles rellenos.  This was at a time when we should have been finishing up our meal, but instead we're starting from scratch.  I explained that we were in a bit of a hurry as we were trying to get to a concert, so please bring whatever can be made quickly.  Again too much time passed and eventually our mediocre food came.  And it took forever to pay the bill, of course.  All in all it took over an hour to get 7 tacos in a not full restaurant.I am in no way a high maintenance diner and I understand mistakes happen, and I'm completely open to giving restaurants a chance to make it right.  But once I explained we were in a hurry (due to their incredibly slow pace) there was no sense of urgency on their part.  I won't be heading back.
4	Went in during lunchtime on Saturday and the place was nearly empty. It took a minute to get service, but once we did, things went great. We had plentiful refills on our water, a friendly server, and delicious food.The soyrizo taco I had was fantastic -- good news for vegetarian & vegan diners. (Lots of other options there, too). Great tortillas (tasted fresh)!My dining partner had the Carribean tofu and was also impressed. It came with plantains and mango slices. Not too many places in Pittsburgh you can get plantains.I'm definitely planning to return and see how they do when handling more tables!
2	I had very high hopes for this one: 500+ reviews and 95% likes is no easy task. (Urban Spoon)This restaurant has now moved to Highland Ave in East Liberty.First, the service was very good. Our server was a bit shy and did not appear to be really experienced, but that was perfectly fine by me: she was very sweet and attentive.The food pretty much sucked. The tortilla chips were very inauthentic and store bought tasting. It seemed like they just dumped them out of a bag. The salsa was okay. My jerk chicken burrito was okay but not all that exciting. The presentation left a bit to be desired: it was on a tiny plate with nothing on the side or on top or anything. More importantly, my husband had to send back his goat entree because it was very cold in the center, as if it had been frozen. When he got it the second time, it was hot, but didn't have the same spice as before and suddenly had a side of plantains but way less sauce than before. In the end, it was okay, but showed that there isn't really consistency in the kitchen.Keep your front of house people (although you probably didn't need FIVE people standing around...) but the kitchen needs to get their act together.
2	We dropped by last week to see what Casa Rasta is all about. Having read tons of rave reviews about their previous location, I was very excited to see that they had moved close-by.My wife and I had an unexpected afternoon off, without the kids. I pulled out my phone, and consulted it for lunch suggestions. To my surprise, I saw that Casa Rasta had moved nearby, and we decided to check it out. We rolled in for a late lunch and found the place to be quite empty - which was somewhat shocking. How could such a fabled place be empty? I admit we were a little worried... There was only one other table occupied there, but they seemed to be enjoying it, so we stayed.From the time we sat down at our table, to the time our orders were taken, it was at least 15-20 minutes. The waiter was friendly enough, but it just seemed like things were off at the restaurant. Not that I'm always in a hurry, but it would have been nice to get the ball rolling early with some drinks and an appetizer while we looked through the menu. Well, that didn't happen either. When we did get the chips and guacamole, they really did seem like Trader Joe's midlevel stuff. Would have been nice to have warm, salty and thin tortilla chips and guacamole that was freshly made table side, especially since the restaurant isn't too busy.We ordered 4 tacos to share. They do offer a broad variety of different flavor options... but... they pretty much all tasted the same. The best ones were the jamaican jerk and conchinita pibil. The seasoning was off, and everything was actually rather bland. The corn tortillas for the soft tacos were decent, and held up well to the fillings.I guess it's hard to move away from your original spot and end up right next to a tex-mex place across the street. I would have liked to taste more "fusion" between Caribbean and Mexican food, concentrating on really awesome new ideas, and tighten things up. I'm always looking for that next innovative spot which beckons my taste buds, but it has to be good, and it can't merely live off past successes.There are lots of "competitors" in this niche, with Patron just across the street and Smoke opening up soon in Lawrenceville - I hope Casa Rasta was just having an off day early during their soft opening days, and I wish them well. We will wait a few months to come back and see how things have changed, once they have had time to settle in.
5	We had a great meal and great service. No corkage fee on Tuesday. Would definitely recommend!
2	Another business across the street that I really wanted to like. The service was friendly.  They even had live music the night we went. But the food.We had both kinds of salsa. It was okay. Chips were a little greasy but better than being from a bag.  Whatever.  I ordered some kind of taquitos after having no idea what the server was telling me.  Unfortunately, they were just not good. I'm a picky eater, but even +1 had to agree with me.  It had a smokey flavor in the way that your pap's scotch or dog bacon would.. as if they just poured it on. The rice and beans were okay, but no better if I microwaved them myself.I don't even remember what +1 ate, so it couldn't have been great. We even had churros for dessert (told you I was really trying here!); good, but undercooked. After the rave reviews of the Beechview location, you'd think this would do just as well.  I'm hoping this might be that new restaurant trouble, but for now, I'd avoid it.
4	This is good new spot for Mexican or Caribbean influenced foods. The two star reviews aren't warranted, but a little constructive criticism might help. It's true the food can come out a little slow at times and maybe they need to tighten up the kitchen staff to get orders out faster. And I think the reggae music needs to play a little louder in the dining room. It should feel welcoming like an island restaurant and midday when it's low light and low music it can feel a little cold. Other than that, I think the staff is all very nice and the food is great with lots of options - curry, jerk, mole options, chorizo, vegan chorizo, shrimp, chicken, ox tail. If you want your food super fast go get Chipotle, if you want bad Mexican food go to Patron across the street. If you want to support a local restauranteur doing something fun and different and producing good results in two locations, then this is a great option.
3	I had been here once before, and today after walking to Chipotle and seeing a line out the door, I thought I'd venture here again to give it another try, and support a local business.Well, service both visits is OK. You kind of have to walk all the way into the restaurant to talk to somebody and get seated. While I understand that they're a small operation, I'd kind of expect that somebody gets up and comes to me when I walk in the door, not make me hunt around trying to figure out who to talk to.This time, I got 2 tacos - both vegetarian. I do appreciate their decent number of vegetarian and vegan options on the menu. One was Soyrizo, and the other was Rajas con Papas (peppers and potatoes). Sadly, the tacos didn't come with much more than that. The corn tortillas were great, slightly moist, and warm - and properly doubled up for structural stability like a proper Mexican restaurant would do. The ingredients were cooked just right. But, the mouth-feel and complexity were lacking. Overall, the tacos were quite dry, which I recall being an issue in my previous visit with both dishes we got, and kind of overly simple and limited in ingredients.I finished one taco, then asked for salsa for the soyrizo to see if it would make a difference. It certainly helped, but I don't think it was the right sauce for the taco. It could use something more - a bit more garlic, a bit more cream, perhaps some cheese (as an option, for non-vegans). I don't want it to be dripping, but I want there to be something to counter-act the dryness and blandness. I want a properly-paired salsa to come on them by default, not as me having to ask for it and picking the wrong type. I want some kick!I made my suggestions to the server, and I'm making them here as well. I think this place has great potential, and is still way better than Patron across the street. But, it certainly has room for improvement as well.
4	My husband and I had dinner last night at Casa Rasta and it was extremely flavorful and a delightful experience all around. We started with an order of chips and green salsa which was perfect. The chips were fresh and the salsa had powerful but not overwhelming flavor. For my main course I had the Jamaican Jerk Tofu that had a nice kick to it and was served with coconut rice, pineapple, and plantains. The rice was great because it helped to balance out the jerk-ness of the tofu. My husband had the Chicken Flautas which looked great and he was able to confirm their greatness. They take care to present their plates nicely. Well done.Keep in mind this is not traditional Mexican food - if you want that, you probably are better off elsewhere. This is a fusion restaurant with great flavors. If you're in the mood for something different, go here.
1	We haven't even received our food yet and have been told that they are out of the following:1. Kids cups2. Guacamole (!)3. Avocado fries 4. Quinoa and cilantro soup5. Red chorizo6. Red salsa (one of the two salsa options)When our facial expressions clearly registered disbelief, the explanation given was, "We had a busy night last night so we ran out." So this means they don't make fresh food for lunch when they run out of things?! We aren't here at an odd time either - it's Saturday at noon!In this era of instant online reviews, one would think that a restaurant (especially in prime real estate) would make more of an effort.Update: The food is not redeeming. Hard rice, salty beans, and lukewarm entrees (clearly just barely defrosted). They forgot to bring out the chips we ordered. It was awful all-around.
3	I've been here twice now and seemed to have had a completely different experience each time so I'm going to round it out to 3 starts from what would have been a 4-5 star experience and a 2-3 star experience I'll combine in this one review.So the first time I went was soon after they opened and I had the chile rellenos which were AMAZING, and I think the best chile rellenos I have ever had.  The goat cheese and pomegranate seeds were really a fantastic touch.  The service was also excellent and we enjoyed the salsa and cheese dip as appetizers.The 2nd time I went was today, several months after my first experience.  I decided to try the tacos this time so I got a beef taco that the menu described came with some type of chili chocolate sauce which sounded intriguing.  I also got the quinoa cilantro plantain soup which sounded really unique.  However, I was disappointed in both.  The beef taco tasted dry and flavorless like it really needed something else, and I couldn't even really taste any of the special chocolate chili sauce I was so excited about.  It felt like it needed some kind of slaw or veggie or cheese or something, as the only garnish I could see was the cilantro (and I guess onion in there somewhere but I could barely taste it).  The quinoa soup was quite bland and uninteresting even though it contained interesting ingredients.  My friend ordered the chorizo verde tacos and it came out as two plain ground beef tacos.  She went to report the error and they tried to argue with her at first then finally admitted that they were out of the chorizo verde!  Ridiculous! They finally brought her regular chorizo which they should've offered the first time.  My other friend with the jerk taco did enjoy it though and that one looked like it had more to it with the mango slices and other accoutrements.  Also, the service this time was just terrible despite the restaurant only having 2 other tables seated at the time.  It took forever for us to place our order, the food took quite awhile to come, and the server never checked on us and we had to find her a couple of times (such as to fix the error).  We also had chips, salsa and guac that were just ok, nothing that tasted super fresh or amazing and the portions were small of the salsa and guac (and the salsa was not free like most places offer). I was definitely disappointed after my first visit.It is BYOB so that's kind of disappointing to have no drink options but they said they would make margaritas if you bring the tequila but I think that was limited to a specific day of the week.  It wasn't completely clear.  The decor is really cute with traditional art, very colorful and lively, and a faux thatched roof look along the walls.I noticed other reviews on here talking about them having an issue with being out of things.  This time they were only out of the pulled pork, but it was a key ingredient of multiple dishes.  One reviewer noted that they were out of so many things because of a busy night the prior night, including key things like guacamole.  If you are a restaurant and you run out of a key app like guacamole, go to the freaking grocery store and buy some more avocados and make some more asap!  Even chipotle does this and that's fast food.  They really need to get it together or they won't last long.
2	Damn shame, this place. I had been to the location in Beechview a couple of times and loved it, but the widely reported startup problems here persist. Service was clumsy and slow. One of us had tacos, liked the pulled pork but didn't like the jerk chicken as much. One of us ordered shrimp burrito; it arrived cold, and was dry and entirely unappealing. I ordered oxtails, clearly pulled from the refrigerator and quickly reheated, gristly and not as flavorful as I expected, served with rice in a nondescript tomato sauce along with a couple of slices of good fried plantain. I'm just hoping I don't get sick. Maybe there is a Peter Principle operating here. Prospects of these folks succeeding in Eastside as they did in Beechview, where the operation was less ambitious, seem low.
2	You can pass on this one. This is a product of the gentrification of east liberty and should be treated as such. It's fake fake fake.Went here for takeout with a craving for jerk chicken. I would have been much better served to drive a little farther to Impressionz on Broad street. The food was hotter than it should be to be so bland.  I ordered the jerk chicken but got the curry chicken by mistake. It was spicy but overall bland and overpriced. The portion size was also smaller than you would get elsewhere. The jambalaya was also very spicy but without real flavor. I also tried the avocado fries which could have been good but were too greasy. I didn't try any of the "latin" dishes but I won't go back. There is really good Jamaican food in Pittsburgh but you will have to go to the "hood" to get it. Don't go here for it.
