4	Some of my team went to Papa Bear's today without me....much to my disappointment, cause I was excited to try this "new"BBQ place.Thankfully, they value getting their bonuses and brought me some after a little text message cajoling.In my Styrofoam goodie box was a plethora of goodness. Rib tips. While not my favorite sauce slathered delicacy, they were tender and enjoyable. Beans. BBQ style with bits of jalepeno in them for shits and giggles (no pun intended). Slaw, which wasn't really to my liking. A cornbread muffin which according to my guys, was yummy when it was warm. Mine was cold. It was not yummy. But, whatever.In general, 4 stars, maybe five if I actually eat there, instead of at my desk.
3	The food was good but, this where they lose stars, the food was obviously prepared ahead of time, refrigerated, heated up and served. The value was good fed my whole family well. Again the "leftover" nature of the meal left me wanting to know what fresh product would have been.
2	I didn't like the BBQ sauce on the ribs here.  While my ribs were passable, they certainly weren't excellent.  I'm not a fan of baked beans at all, so I skipped that.  I think they were barbequed which seems unappealing.  The cole slaw wasn't my favorite either, it was kind of blah.  All in all, I'd say go elsewhere if you are looking for delicious barbeque.
5	Amazing food.  Great family feel, I promise you won't be disappointed
3	Meh - didn't love it. The people were nice. The food was okay; it's a decent place to grab BBQ for a cheap lunch.That's all I have to say.
3	Good food served by a nice, friendly staff. I'm glad they are in my neighborhood. I wish they had potato salad, though...
4	In the neighborhood to do some business so me and my co-workers stopped in for lunch. Prices are reasonable, and the menu has multiple selections for lunch to eat in or to-go.  We selected the lunch/dinner for 4, beans, slaw, biscuits, ribs, chicken and tips! What a GREAT choice, everthing was tasty, hot, and large portions.  Service was very attentive.Give this place a try.
4	I had a great experience for lunch at Papa Bear's BBQ today. Nice people who custom made my sandwich. The food was very good. The sauce was tasty and the people were very nice. The prices were only okay for the portion. I think the prices would be more appropriate if the portions were larger. Overall, it was very good and I'll go back.
4	The location is clean but pretty bare-bones, but the staff is very friendly and the  food is awesome. The ribs are smoky, tender and not greasy or over-sauced. The garlic potato wedges are to die for, several steps above the usual fries. The beans seemed from a can and there weren't any greens on the menu but the food was affordable and very satisfying. If Momma was southern, this would be like home cooking!
4	I walked into Papa Bears for the first time and told the man behind the counter it was my first time. He said, "you will not be disappointed". He was right.I ordered a full rack of ribs (because I'm a fatty). It came with a side of homemade potato wedges, coleslaw, and a great biscuit. All To-Go.I enjoyed everything. It was a plentiful amount of food, giving me a day 2 leftovers on all.The BBQ sauce on the wet ribs tasted like Sweet Baby Rays, which I loved. They were pre cut making it so much easier to dig into this feast. The wedges were season and cooked to perfection, giving me the feeling like they had just freshly cut these potato's used to make the wedges.The biscuit was totally homemade, buttery, and moist. I wish I had been given two of them. Next time I guess I know to order an extra.If u like ribs, give this place a chance. I would recommend take out for sure. Just a heads up...it looks like they are not open on Sunday, which I found out the hard way on my first attempt to eat here.Happy I went back!
5	What?!? Can you say "true love"?I walked in and the smells that met me at my door were simply heavenly.  This was my first time and I need to find more reasons to go.  For $9 I ordered the pork shoulder (sliced pork, similar to pulled pork) with a side of cole slaw and garlic wedges.  He also had mac and cheese but I was trying to make a better decision.  I regret it.  I should have said to heck with calories!  OOH!  Now I have a reason to go back.  The meat was tender and seasoned well.  The sauce was strong without being overpowering.  The flavors were so spot on.  I could not finish what I was given.  It was just too much.  My husband ordered the combo of ribs and chicken.  Papa Bear was so generous with the sauce that you couldn't even see all of the ribs and chicken.  His combo was ONLY $12.  So for $21 we had dinner.  Wow.  You can order off of GrubHub, you pay more for the food but they will deliver.  And it is only about $1 more and TOTALLY worth it!. You can also call it in.  They are open 11a-9p.  Just amazing.  Can I please just talk more about tenderness of the pork?  Am I going off topic?  Am I in love?  Yes....
5	Papa's BBQ makes me so happy!  I keep going back for more and more. There is something just so great about the taste of each individual item I've had so far here. The ribs are great, chicken is smoky and awesome, pork shoulder is amazing, tips are so awesome! Biscuits are the best in Madison! Fresh cooked wedges! Amazingly creamy cole slaw! Ahhhh I just can't stop!!!!!Ok everyone.....go to Papa Bears! Some of the best BBQ I have ever had. I wish I could give it a solid 6 stars.
4	What a great lunch. I had a Carolina burger with BBQ pork, slaw and cheese. It was served with chips, a pickle and a can of soda. I can not recall a better lunch sandwich deal for under $8.00. The menu looks great and I will be back sooner than later,
5	Best BBQ sauce in Madison.Only place in the area to get genuine Chicago style (BBQ) hot link.Garlic potato wedges are an amazing meal all by themselves.Papa Bear's has the best overall BBQ meal experience in the area, when you factor the meat, sauce, and sides together.
2	Eh...  Nothing to write home about. BBQ was ok. Dining area was kind of bare/dirty. Service was uninterested when she was around, which wasn't often...  I'll go someplace else next time.
4	Thanks to the Yelp* mobile app I found this place while passing through Madison, always nice when you can avoid eating at a chain.The food was really good. Had the half rack of ribs, with garlic potato wedges and corn. Everything was delicious other than the corn which I wouldn't usually order but since it was September I thought it would be tasty in season. It was by far the worst part of the meal. Ribs were tender, smoky and I liked the sauce. The garlic potato was dynamite and the surprise of the meal for me.The dining experience itself isn't much to brag about. We were the only customers and we still had a long awkward wait for our food. The dining area is small and kind of dingy but I couldn't complain when I'm off the highway and elbow deep in ribs.
4	Stopped by for lunch on a whim and it turned  out to be a great decision. Everything looked good but we went with the special: a 'Po Boy sandwich. It consisted of sliced pork, shredded cabbage, onions and a bun. It sounds pretty simple, right? I mean, it's only a few ingredients but believe me when I tell you that all of that tender pork smothered in that sinfully delicious tangy sauce with the contrast of texture that the cabbage and onions bring all piled on a perfectly toasted bun that makes you wish you could shrink to a proportionally small enough size so that you can take a nap in it makes you feel like you're doing something wrong. Makes your mouth feel naughty in all the right ways. And don't you dare balk at the $7.50 price. You get a midget's-femur-sized sandwich with chips, a pickle, and a can of soda, which coincidentally is indubitably the best way to consume sugary acid-water. In short, eat here and bring a friend because the portions are big. Unless you are also big, in which case, you'll feel right at home here. Oh, and don't forget to tip. Pretty sure Papa Bear runs the whole show by himself.
5	How happy am I to have stumbled across this lil local gem?(Really happy. Really, really happy)I was recently out east and ravenous, and because I wasn't familiar I wiped out my smart phone, opened the Yelp app, and quickly landed on Papa Bear's page. It was nice to see some stellar reviews from folks I trust like Tim and Liz. I eyed over the menu, dialed the biz, mapped it, and felt like I was in a Yelp commercial promoting the power of social. Twenty minutes later had a car full of smells. Then twenty minutes after that, a belly full of food. And it was incredible. High praise for the wings which are finger lickin' good and have an incredible smoky flavor. The biscuit came in handy when it came time to soak up all the gooey sauce left behind by my ribs.
5	they are now closed and i am very sad.
