4	Lovato's was the first place that I ever went to spend more than $12 dollars on a haircut. They are awesome. The place is family owned, and Art and his son Scott both had their turn at cutting my nappy hair and made it look spectacular! I have since opted for someplace closer but often miss conversing with Scott about working out with his Ultimate Fighting friends. He often had the bruises to prove it. Art would generally blow dry my hair making it slightly poofy and not unlike his own Frankie Avalon style, but once I got home and styled it on my own, the cut was perfect.Mrs. Lovato, whose first name I really wish i could remember, always offered some ice cold lemonade while I waited and I always felt like an honored guest. Scotts kids can often be found sweeping the floors in the summer and they are about the cutest things you will ever see.For guys that like a masculine place to get their haircut, but want time and attention given to their look at the same time, this place is perfect.They do all that chicky stuff too including waxings but I can't say that I got experience from them on that end.
5	I am an out of tower in dire need of a haircut. Not only did I get a great haircut, but I got insanely good service. This is a family run store that treats you like a king.Haircut, shampoo(so I didn't have a scratchy neck), lemonade/water while I waited, and a great conversation. All for 15$. If I lived here, this would be my goto haircut place. They also recommended a great place to eat.Only disappointment is they don't do shaves.
5	I love Art and his wife. I used to pay $60 for a haircut, but after going to Lovato's about a year ago, I won't go anywhere else.  I brought my grown children there, who are rather picky, and they were thrilled with their cuts too!
5	I was taking my daughter anywhere cheap to get a haircut until someone butchered her long beautiful black hair....Then I remembered Lovato's Hair Salon a place I used to go when I was much younger.  I took my daughter in with her butchered hair and ARTHUR TURNED MY DAUGHTERS HAIR INTO A MASTERPIECE!!  I am so pleased with the service at this salon, I will never go anywhere else!
5	I was looking for a neighborhood salon that was comfortable, professional, down-to-earth and friendly...and I found that at Lovato's.  Art, his wife, his son Scott and granddaughter Sarah all made me feel welcome during my visit.  I received a cut, color, style and wax & was happy with the service, cost and results.  Go here for a great cut...and the nostalgic, laid-back atmosphere.
5	My friends and I were looking for a local salon to get my mother's hair done.  When we stepped into Lovato's, we were welcomed by the most charming family.  This family owned business was comfortable, professional, and well experienced.  They consulted each other and my mother about color, cut, and maintenance. Not only did they tend to my mother's special requests to make her feel comfortable, but she walked out of that salon looking 20 years younger!  She looked absolutely gorgeous!!! Her experience instantaneously made her a future regular at Lovato's.I can't wait to get my hair styled next ;)
