4	Quick service, I was in and out in 30 minutes for an oil change.  I like this location since it is new and less busy than some locations I have been to. It's tucked behind the 7 eleven so may be easy to miss or hard to find.  They were not overly pushy in terms of recommended services. The hours also seem to be extended compared to a lot of other auto care locations.  Free wifi and coffee while you wait as well!
5	Tried Firestone and am very satisfied with their service and pricing. Gozda who wrote me up explained everything they were going to do and how much it was costing. I had steering leak and the fluid damaged my alternator.   My fault, left it going too long Ouch!   They have or had a special going on and also a coupon special.  Saved me a lot of money, because I spent a lot of money....   I have more things to do to my truck. 156,000 miles on my truck and I want to bring it up to speed... Still runs great!
5	Professional, knowledgeable, and friendly. I had my brakes checked. They ended up needing to replace the rotors. Godze was very thorough about the problem and how it would be fixed. (She's awesome) They were honest and didn't try to swindle us (which is a nice change of pace from most other auto repair places). It took the exact time they quoted, the place was very clean, & it's located right next to the park so if you do have to wait it's not terrible. That and when we got the car back the brakes are amazing now. Thank you guys! You're doing it right.
1	Only go for an oil change, I went to get an oil change and my routers for my brakes replaced. Next thing I get a phone call saying after all the repairs it would be over $500! I mentioned that I just need the necessary items done so I can safely drive my car. I took the quote to another mechanic which they said only 2 of the 5 repairs were necessary. I will admit Firestone has great prices and discounts so I went back to this location to have the necessary items repaired, at that time they tried adding on other costs. Finally after much discussion I only had the items I wanted done fixed. The next day I drove on the highway and my steering wheel shook violently, which never happened before I brought the car into Firestone.I now am paying $50 just to get that shake looked at in my dealership because I didn't want to have to go back and get quoted for other "issues" my car supposedly has.Beyond Frustrated!
1	Since it just opened they are going to try anything to get u to come back.-they broke the emblem on the front of my car, said it was already like that. -said I had a coolant leak when my coolant was just low-insisted that I get my breaks replaced.(I already had them done months ago)-and apparently I have an oil leak. Took it somewhere else and there is no sign of leakage.Steer clear from this place
1	I went to this location yesterday (06/16/14) they say open till 8pm but had a sign they were closing early at 5pm due to a staff meeting which is fine I understand. They still took my car in and said they can look into my brake issue I was having. They brought me out to the garage and said my car would need two back new rotors and brakes as well as they would possibly need to replace the hubs on both back wheels. They could not diag the car any further and would need me to return tomorrow. They asked me when I would be back or if I would like to schedule an appointment, I said around 5-6pm tomorrow they said that's fine. I came back today at 5:15 pm and they remembered me. They started to write up a ticket but then the lady at the front said they only had one tech working till 7pm who would be able to properly "diag" my drum issue that is possibly bad, but they aren't for sure until they take the rotor and brakes off. She said if they do that and it's bad they can't fix it tonight even though they were open for 2 1/2 more hours because he leaves at 7pm and they would need to order the parts. Mind you I told them yesterday when I would be back and they said ok but never thought to tell me come earlier. So I said basically you don't staff qualified techs that can do every job your company says it can do until the close of business? After a round about conversation she agreed after that tech David leaves at 7pm no other techs can diag my car issue with the rear hub that I am having. I understand not being able to get parts tonight, but not having a tech able to diag my car as they say because they only have one guy named David working tonight that is capable of doing it? Not cool.While standing there waiting for the front desk lady to go ask the manger for answers to the multiple questions I kept asking her, there were two other customers with issues. One customer had his tire patched the day before by this business and it already failed which they told him they can't fix it again and he would need to buy a new tire. The other customer just left after having repairs and said his car is pulling hard to the right. I wasn't getting a warm and fuzzy feeling about this place. Mind you when the manager went to go pull in the car with the flat tire repair the upset customer asked the front desk lady what are all the reasons a tire patch could go bad? She responded with "a lot I'm sure, but I'm new here and only been here for about 8 days so I really don't know."I went down the street to Goodyear and the quotes were incredibly different. I was told by Firestone they offered 3 different types of rotors for $92 $82 $72 but at Goodyear I didn't even say anything I just got a quote and surprisingly their rotors cost $52?? The brakes are also about $60 cheaper. I was a first time and last time customer of this Firestone on deer springs and Aliante pkwy. I rarely ever leave reviews for businesses but when you go down the street for the same problem and get a quote for $100 some dollars less and your problem is fixed rather then paying possibly $1127.00 for rear brakes, rear rotors, and two new drums something isn't right. I see another couple customers reviews stating the same problem, this place tries to up sale and scare you into thinking your car is falling apart. Be careful folks and get a second opinion always with mechanical work. Thankfully I kind of got forced into getting a second opinion and I'm glad they sent me packing it worked out for the better!!
1	Place is a rip off, they over charged me for an A/C job when the machine did all the work while they worked on other cars. Place try's to find work so watch out for over charge and breaking things on vehicle this place is communist
5	I won't go anywhere else after receiving amazing service here from knowledgeable employees. They helped me quickly and didn't try and take advantage. I loved the honesty, I could tell they weren't out to get my money. The staff was all really helpful! Definitely recommend going here.
1	Horrible customer service. Even with an appointment, I waited 30 minutes to be helped, person kept taking care of people after me!! Then, they kept trying to add services telling me I needed things that I didn't. What a bad experience. Go elsewhere!!!!
3	Pros:  Very clean- on the level of a Mercedes or Lexus dealer repair shop.  Polite and likable employees that write up your order. Flexible hours, including Sundays.  If you like to read, they're right across the street from a public library, so you can browse through magazines while waiting for your car to be serviced (library is closed on Fridays and Sundays and doesn't open early).  Or you can cross the street into the Smith's shopping center to eat lunch.  Also, get the tire alignment with the lifetime warranty, as it's only slightly more than the cost of a one time alignment.  Make sure you get the coupon price, which is competitive with Walmart.  They sometimes run a $19.99 oil special.  With the oil change, they'll also check your fluids and tire pressure.  Plus, since they're new, it's easier to get in and out within an hour.Cons:  They shamelessly try to sell you services that you don't need.  They recommended me to change some hoses (they were fine), have a coolant flush (as per the owner's manual, it has another 40k miles to go), clean my injectors (not necessary), clean the outside of my 4 month old battery (seriously?) and some other unneeded repairs.  I believe they're trained to upsell  without even checking to see if the maintenance is needed.  This is my go to place for car maintenance but one needs to have a basic knowledge to avoid being sold unnecessary services.
5	Had an issue with the fuse block on my 6mo old 2014 Dodge Journey this morning. Called the Dodge Dealer (in the northwest part of the valley) that we purchased the car from.  Was told that the soonest I could get an appointment would be in 2.5 weeks.  Seriously, my windshield wipers and heater won't turn off and you can't fix the car you sold me for two weeks? Said thanks but no thanks and called the firestone people, who told me to bring it right in.   Didn't have to wait half the day, they took the car right in, diagnosed and fixed the problem.  It was fixed and I was out the door in less than an hour.   We had previously bought tires for another car from this dealer, and have always gotten super service from them.
