3	Food-4 Less runs some nice weekly specials and in my humble opinion, they are the most underrated grocery chain in Vegas.  I'm not sure if its location or just the name itself, but it seems most people I talk to don't regularly shop at Food-4 Less.  However, they have the same selection as a Vons, Smiths, or Albertsons, and sometimes better pricing!If you have some time, stop by and check them out..... you may find a new favorite place to buy your essentials.
3	I came to Food-4-Less because I had a coupon for $5 off my $30 purchase. The coupon was from my 2011 Entertainment Book. There are four of these coupons so it looks like I will be back to this store 3 more times in the next year. I don't shop regularly at Food-4-Less but here is what I can say about this location and my experience. 1. I found their prices to be VERY low on every day brand name dry grocery and dairy goods. 2. The produce department wasn't very elaborate, but for what they did have, the quality looked OK. I only bought some garlic and mushrooms and they had a shelf life like that of a Whole Foods or Albersons purchase. 3. They had a large meat department. Food-4-Less is in the Kroger Family, as is Smiths, so I would say they probably have a similar quality meat department. I purchased a pound of name brand bacon and a whole cut up chicken for my Christmas Eve dinner. Reasonable prices again. 4. Check out: my clerk was friendly and quick, and I did not have to wait in a long line. You are required to bag your own groceries, which I prefer since I bring my reusable bags and I find that SOME courtesy clerks have a hard time bagging efficiently in these. Overall it was a good experience. They have plenty of the basics at low prices. If you are looking for specialty items or gourmet, this is not your store, but for brand name basics it is worth the trip. I think I will save my other three coupons for stock shopping on items like: oil, vinegars, dry beans and rice, flour, spices and other pantry basics.
4	I always look for their section of coupons in the mail because they have the best sales! This Food 4 Less is not bad looking at all, it's very neat and organized. The only down side is that you have to pack your own groceries, but HEY with their prices why not?! The staff is very nice and if you have any questions they do help you. We always get our meat here because like I said before their prices are great. The name speaks for itself. I love this place!
4	I like Food 4 less in general as it has always allowed us to save money on the "staples". I am from San Diego and I am still in a bit of shock that groceries here (In Las Vegas in General) seem a wee bit more expensive than there given how expensive everything else is there. But I digress. My store of choice for shopping usually is Von's right after Food 4 less because we do by a bulk of our items here - Milk, Cheese, Bread, and so on. I have actually been pretty pleased with the seafood selection here. We have had some choice pieces of Salmon here a few times that were very good. The meat department is actually pretty nice as well. We had this one piece that we bought a couple of days before we cooked it. By the time we got to it, it wasn't looking quite right; so we took it back and they had no issues with exchanging with us. That was pleasant.The store is clean, the staff is friendly and its easier to find things in this store than other Food 4 less that I have been to (San Diego based I have been to only this location in LV).There are some things that I cant seem to get here at times - really good Balsamic Vinegar, cooking sherry, sometimes they are outta the Marsala wine. But each time we go, they tend to surprise us. I don't think we will be getting to kobe beef here anytime soon but the more we go, the more stuff they have that we might get elsewhere.
3	Food-4-Less definitely lives up to its name. I am one for a deal, but there is something unsettling about this place. Besides for some produce and occasionally meat, I find that other places tend to have better quality and selection. It is cleaner than other branches, but has that storage facility feel. Unlike Sam's or Costco, the dimmer lighting makes it feel less clean or cheerful.  That explains my run in and out policy.Be on the look out for cheap mangoes. If you ever see the three for 99 cents, buy them up because they are the best I have had in a long time. The larger selection of ethnic foods and spices are also a plus.
3	This is one of my go-to places for snacks or anything I forget to bring to las vegas. This is actually a well kept Food for Less. Much nicer than any of the others that I have ever been to. Employees (from the stock guy all the way to the manager) are very helpful and will point you in the right direction for whatever you need. My brother and I came in to grab a few things once we arrived into Las Vegas. Since we come here often, we already know that once you start traveling a wee bit north into the strip, these same items become what we would call "vegas prices." Food for Less is a huge store.. Every single one of them are about the same size. And again this one is well kept. (kudos to the staff!) Checkout was smooth (except for the shavers that were not priced and not suppose to be on the floor.. but that's ok. Ended up going with different shavers) and the clerk was friendly. (for it to be 11:45 in the evening)Just remember that you have to bag your own groceries.
4	After driving for 10 hours from Sacramento, and more importantly after spending twice the amount on alcohol on the strip, I just had to find a place to find some cheap "pre-game" booze!  On my way to Orleans, stumbled by this place and thought to myself "okay this place has to have a cheap bottle of vodka."  I was right.  We picked up a decent bottle of vodka (Sobieski) and a few mixers.Thank you Food 4 Less for getting my friends and I hammered for under $20 inside of our $200 suite at the MGM Grand!  Maybe next vacation we may actually get groceries here :-)
3	I'm not typically a fan of Food-4-Less. I'll admit it, I'm a snob when it comes to bagging my own groceries. On this occasion, I was in the area and needed to pick up a few items for home. I was so excited by the great prices and they had quite a bit more variety than I have experienced in other Food-4-Less stores.The aisles were pretty well stocked and the store was kept pretty tidy as well. I found quite a few deals on the prepackaged items I was looking for, which is great. I definitely wouldn't be opposed to try this place out again, since I work in the area.
3	This store is sometimes a bit unorganized.  It is sometimes hard to figure out where certain items are, but one thing for sure is you can find great deals here. What can I say, I'm a bargain shopper.  Here they do lack a little customer service but you come here to just get your items and leave...not chat. Yes you have to bag your own items, but  I do prefer to do that myself anyway. So I'm not complaining.  Great sales on liquor purchases, meat, and they do have a great selection in their bakery.  Plus they have their Asian and Mexican dedicated aisles.Lower stars because the carts are sometimes all over the parking lot versus where they should be for the shoppers.  Sometimes they should call for more cashiers when the lines are in the aisles making it hard for other shoppers to actually shop.
4	I love this place .. It's just near home and It always come true to me when I need it with a cheep prices and really nice staff ... I became friend with 2 of them .
4	I've been to this particular Food 4 Less numerous times... usually when I'm drunk. I'm from San Diego and I'm not used to stores being open till 1-2 AM in the morning.I love the cleanliness of this place as well as the customer service.
3	There's things I need to get here, that are harder to find at other places!  Just when you think Ahhhhh, it's not crowded, then you work your way to the check out stands and OMG, this place is freakin crowded!  Should I just dump the cart, or should I just wait?   Ok, I will wait, because If I try and do this again, it will be the same sanerio!  I think I'm done shopping for Thanksgiving, I hope I don't have to go back to the store until after Thanksgiving!  I'm thankful for that!
4	This is our regular first stop upon arriving in Las Vegas.  Right on the south end of the strip and inexpensive.  There is nothing like buying some necessities for your hotel stay.  This ensures we have some snacks with us and some bottled water so that we aren't paying for them while traveling the strip.We usually pick up a couple of bottles of cheap booze as well to have in the room.  We will then leave the leftovers with friends upon leaving town.All in all a great place to pick up things you need and anything you may have forgotten for your stay in Vegas.
2	Ok in a pinch. Manager is not very nice. Also some cashiers are pretty rude! Use it only because it is right across from where we live.
4	great low prices
3	Kinda dirty, I haven't been to a food-4 less in a long while but I didn't think it would have changed like that. Somehow the cleanliness of the store just wasn't there.
4	Big, clean Food 4 Less - doesn't have the musty warehouse feel that some of the ones I've visited back home have had. This place is excellent for fresh produce, affordable cuts of meat, pantry staples, and cheap alcohol - I was even able to find a couple bottles of pretty decent wine for around $5. Even if you're just visiting, I recommend picking up a couple bottles of your alcohol of choice to have in your hotel room - we've saved a bundle doing this, and the stores in LV carry all the cool flavors of alcohol you're not going to find at home. We even go so far as buying mint and berries at Food 4 Less and muddling our own cocktails. I know, we are so FANSAY!Already planning my next trip out and F4L, I'm lookin' at you.
5	cheapest grocery store I've been to here in Vegas.  maybe it's cheaper because you gotta bag yourself, nonetheless it's cheaper! I'll bag all day if I can save somemoney!It's never really crowded, and lines are usually long because people bag way slow.. [including myself.]vegetables and fruits are fresh.   There's a big veggie/fruit area... & I'm not exaggerating when I say it's fresh.  Other grocery stores gross me out with their produce section man.. Gotta give credit where credit is due.  meats, poultry, fish.. fresh! and CHEAP!they have the usual sections found in grocery stores:  dairy, breads, bakery, snacks, small hygiene section, small cleaning supply section, animal food, LARGE liquor area, and they even got toys!  this grocery store is a little colder thanmost.. as in decorative- but who cares! They have the best prices!
2	I'm really not a big fan of Food 4 Less.  I have been to a couple around town and just don't care for the place.  Here's why:1. Every store seems laid out in a weird fashion, so I end up walking back and forth a dozen times to find all of my items.  2. You rarely see employees on the floor.  Sometimes you need help and need to ask a question.  Well good luck here because you can't find anyone that works here except the cashiers up front.  What's the deal?3. When you do encounter an employee, they are not very nice.  Come one people, a smile every now and then is good for your soul, so smile!4.  I always forget about the self bagging.  Of course this is when I have a ton of stuff and a wiggly, into everything toddler with me.  It is like a stress heart attack just waiting to happen trying to get everything bagged and back in the cart.I do have to say that this location was super clean and the areas were displayed nicely, even if the aisles really didn't make sense.
5	I always stop here before I head into Vegas hotels because we can buy all of our drinks and grab a little throw away ice chest to take into the room. I save a ton of money an every one thinks I'm a genius lol.
5	The bargains here are innumerable.   Every isle of loaded with good name brand items that are valuable at any other store.  Not sure how they do it but they get er done.  I plan to frequent this place a ton in the future
4	I completely forgot about Food 4 Less since I live near 2 different grocery stores. So when it was time to stock up, I thought we would switch it up and come here. And I'm glad we did. So many deals!! A bottle of Tejava usually costs about $2. We found it here for 4 bottles for $5. A 6 pack of Bounty paper towels was $6, when it's the same price at Walmart for the Walmart brand towels. I could go on and on about the savings we had, but you get the picture. We didn't buy any meat, so I can't tell you about the quality. The few employees we did see were friendly. And when they saw the line was getting long at the cash register, they opened up another one. I do like the fact that you have to bag your own groceries and I get to use my reusable bags. The store was clean and easy to navigate. I wouldn't come here for my regular shopping, but it's a good place to stock up on the everyday items that we use. P.S. They have tons of snack items that aren't in other stores. It's just a reminder of how fat America is becoming.
