2	It's Subway.. not much else I can say except that this one has a real asshole working the cash register.. the guy who made my sub was nice enough but stark contrast to the cashier jerk off. When I was 18 years old I loved working, seems like this kid not only hated his job but didn't care for any of its customers either. The stars are for the sandwich, spinach and the guy who made mine. Otherwise Ill probably only go to the one next to work, if I have to.
4	Yes it's just Subway, but I like it for what it is. It's extremely clean, the staff is well-groomed and they keep their gloves on and the food tastes fresh. Subway provides a good option when I'm on the go, want something healthy and don't feel like steering out of my comfort zone in the interim. Subway also provides a economic option for lunch goers. I can get a six inch sub, large soda and baked lays for about $5. Not bad Subway! I will end on the note that this Subway is on the Chaparral Plaza. Star right there.
1	The staff is not friendly at all. When u ask them to toast the sub or to add toppings, u can see from there faces that they are burdened. I understand that I go early when they open, but that doesn't give them the right to act like the way they do. The don't really say hi at all, instead I end up saying how Ur doing. If I had a choice to not to go to this branch, I would totally avoide this one.
4	I don't care if it's a chain, Subway makes decent Sandwiches.  They're also all over the place, so it's normally in a convenient location for me.  I don't go to this location very often, but when I do, they serve up some good Sandwiches.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/subway-scottsdale-12?select=9J9Nbxl0A47SQSbdB8FnEw#9J9Nbxl0A47SQSbdB8FnEwI always get a 12" BMT w/Provolone, Lettuce, Tomato, Onions, Green Peppers, Pepperoncini, Mustard, Mayo, Salt, Pepper, Vinegar, Oil....toasted.  It fills me up for lunch and they make it right at this location.Return Factor - 80%
5	Super nice guys that worked there! Super patient with their customers! Usually you feel rushed and awkward, but the two guys working when I was there just now were awesome!
4	Quick service, friendly employees, line moves fast during lunch rush.
