4	Great tasting Barbecue.  The physical location seemed like it was recent and still being developed but the food was down right southern home cooking and barbecue.  Every item we tried had a southern smoked or spicy taste to it as if you were eating at your grandma's house in the deep south. The staff was super friendly however the order didn't come out quite right but they very quickly fixed it.   Price was good too!  2 stars based on location, setting, and service, but food taste added 2 stars.
2	In their defense, I will open this review by saying they have only been in this location for a week. HOWEVER, they ran a business at another location so that "learning curve" thing should not apply.  The atmosphere is not there yet and that is okay - they gotta get the furniture and decor going but first things first - food and drink and servers.We came after reading so many good reviews of their Phoenix location - and with LivingSocial in hand.It is apparent that they still need to figure out how to run the front side of their business - there were 6 tables occupied with 3 servers, a bartender, two management types - and i think it was the owner that came out of the kitchen and took our beverage order.  Really? And those servers were running like chickens without heads.We tried to figure out what the coupon covered but couldn't get a straight answer so we just ordered 2-meat combos with one side each.  The brisket was a $2 upcharge so we ordered pulled pork and brisket, one with slaw, the other mac and cheese.Unfortunately, I think they had to go chase that damn pig down (not the cow, for heavens' sake - those animals are slow and there is no chasing involved) because it took 50 minutes to get our dinner. 50 minutes. almost an hour. now, let's think about this.  that meat was already smoked. the mac should have already been made. and the same with the slaw. what would take 50 minutes? i have no flipping idea. When the meals came, they both had mac and slaw. I said something to the server who said well that's how they come. Sigh. If we had known they were coming with two sides, I would not have gotten slaw with my mac and my hubs would not have gotten mac with his slaw.  This is like the story of the Reese's peanut butter cup with not such a sweet ending LOL  And....no bbq sauce.  Hmmm. Let me see.  BBQ restaurant. Ordered BBQ.  Maybe you want to put some on the plate?In their defense, they brought it upon request.....in a teenie tiny little salad dressing cup...... bwahahahaha..... Pulled pork was nicely seasoned. Tasted like a shoulder to me.  Good and smoky. Moist. Little bit of charing on the outside.  That cow, however, did not fare nearly as well. If the poor fellow would have known that is how he would have ended up, he would have fought harder at that slaughterhouse - or at least tried to run a little faster. That brisket was well on the way to jerky-dom when we got it. And - it was tasteless. Seriously. No smoke. No rub. No moist. Just dry meat. So pork yes, beef no. Slaw? Meh. Very mayo-ish with not much else. I am a creamy slaw girl myself and still make it the way mom did at the restaurant.  I figured it for a southern slaw place but they apparently ran out of celery seed that day as there were maybe 3 seeds in a serving so it was a rather lackluster slaw. Mac was.......odd.  It was cheesy  No egg. Not a baked mac. But it was REALLY greasy. I know that mac can be that way depending on the cheese you use. Mine had a large puddle of grease in the bottom of the monkey dish - however, the hubs' didn't. Proof positive that sometimes the grass is greener - or at least less greasy - on the other side of the fence.Sauce? Not my favorite. I think it was a home-cooked sauce as it had that shiny cornstarch kind of look maybe - but it was perhaps too cumin-y for my taste and hubs wasn't so keen on it. So maybe that is why they serve it in a teenie cup cause that is enough. I ended up spreading the mac on my meat since I had nothing else.So now the bill comes. Here's where it gets more interesting. The deal was for 2 dinners with sides and beverages.  The value of the deal was $36.  Our bill came to $28.  The server presents us a bill where we are given $18.95 credit - so we owed $9+. Wait a minute. Let's do that math again. They must have gone thru the Common Core teaching program as in my mind $36 is greater than $28.  In their defense, after I said "no, try again" they decided that we were square. Sigh. What was that all about? Had I not opened my mouth, we would have ended up paying $50 for two $15 dinners plus sodas. Nice markup if you can get it.... here's a novel suggestion: if you are going to run a deal, then figure it out BEFORE your customers get there then teach your servers how to handle them. Don't offer a deal then go - duh, we have no idea what to do with it.I wanted to like this place. Really, I did. We have a meetup group and I am always looking for small businesses that we can intro our members to - but this, sadly, is not one of them. Off in search of local places for our next dinner......
5	So excited to find Stacys again. Coming back from Miami I miss a lot of the southern food. Not any more. This new location has an extended menu as well as a bar. They also have all of my favorites like smothered pork chops, fried okra, and greens. A must try
4	Stopped into this newly opened Stacy's at lunch time today to give it a try, joined by Robyn N.  Our server gal took our orders as soon as we were ready and  I went with a "3-Bone St. Louis Pork Ribs Dinner."  For sides I chose Potato Salad, Cowboy Beans and a Corn Muffin.  The ribs were of good size, tender, meaty and delicious!  The Potato Salad, spicy Cowboy Beans and muffin were good too, and everything was served at the right temperature.So, why not 5 Stars?  Thanks for wondering!  Yes, there were also a few negatives for me:*  I don't care for the look of the dining room.  To me it's more like a night club inside than a ribs joint, and I'm not a night clubs person.*  A paper "keeper" menu is brought to you at the table, and I found the layout to be helter-skelter, somewhat hard to follow, and not offering quite the combinations I had hoped to see..*  The food service was a little slow, especially with us being the only customers when we ordered.So, 2 Stars and we're out of here, right?  NO, because:*  The dining room and Men's rest room were clean.*  Pleasant Delta Blues music played.*  All the food was delicious!*  The table service was friendly and proper.*  All the portion sizes were excellent, not skimpy!*  Pricing was just right for what I ordered, not high!SO...  It's 4 Stars from here for this new Stacy's BBQ where the 3-Bone St. Louis Pork Ribs Dinner was $10.95.     :-))(Photos)
1	Let me ask you, Would you be a lil' confused if you went to a German Restaurant & the whole staff just about (or at least the front house; hostess, waitress, bartender) was all Black or Asian?OK, So while visiting AZ, I wanted to try some "Soul Food" (as advertised) and Stacy's was the only one open at this time that was somewhat close by.. so I decided to drive out to try it. When I walked in, it was almost like a culture shock! (No Lie) From me & the front house apparently because they just LITERALLY stood there looking (3 white women)!! I felt like I was at a Rodeo show & happen to land at this rodeo house type restaurant.Because the bar is directly the first thing you come in contact with when walking in, I walked directly to it since the staff probably didn't even have a clue where they was at,. They all looked spaced out & confused. I won't come back maybe just based on the staff they hired to represent this soul food restaurant really.  They seem reluctant to want to say anything. I asked was it there first day opening, explaining why they were acting so ignorant but she said that they had been open since July. The ribs were OK, the sauce was good I guess but the corn bread could of used some more time getting cooked & the corn bread also tasted FISHY!The Mac & Cheese was mediocre & could of been cooked longer too & my side order of beans were HARD. Good Riddance.
4	To start this review, we will be going back!! I read all of the reviews before going and when I walked in I was not surprised it was a plain dining room. But it is a bbq joint and so wasn't expecting anything more. We went on a Sunday for lunch and besides one guy at the bar we were the only other two customers for a little while.We had the Living Social certificate on hand but started by ordering the rib tips over fries in bbq sauce. It was a good size and the taste was good. We could have really stopped there and not ordered our meal. I agree with other reviews that the staff needs to be a bit more experienced and the waitress didn't know answers to simple questions about the menu. However, they did have a piece of paper outlining what you get with the Living Social certificate so it was clear.   He definitely knows how to bbq and our pork and rib tips were great! The sauce is excellent! We got a big side of sauce to take home. They did say he was working to have it bottled which I could see customers buying it once they try it. We had the spicy sauce. I would have a bottle of both regular and spicy on each table and that way the customer can put on as much (or none) as they like. We ordered four sides total and tried the mixed greens, potato salad, macaroni salad and BBQ beans. Everything was good except the macaroni salad was a bit plain, but all others pretty good! I would try the mac and cheese next time.If you aren't expecting anything formal but good BBQ then it's definitely worth a try. They have a TV at the bar (no cable channels). They plan on having live blues music coming in which would be nice. I just wonder how long it would take for the food to be served once the restaurant was full as well as having the experienced staff but all of that can be improved upon and they will be ready!!
5	Best BBQ I've tasted in years!!  Stacy's Smokehouse BBQ has the hickory smoked flavor that is one of a kind!!  This is a restaurant that is like a diamond hiding in the rough.  Don't let the strip mall location or casual restaurant/bar look fool you....Check it out!!
5	I came here after searching yelp for a good place to eat. The food is amazing, I tried the beef brisket and slaw with the fried okra and pickel combo. I have never tried beef brisket, or fried okra and now thanks to Stacys I will continue ordering them whenever I come. I had a chance to meet the owner, who is very nice and very helpful. I have vegans in my family and he helped point out a few options they have that are vegan friendly and corrected me on some I thought were. I will be coming back again very soon.
5	Really amazing BBQ in mesa a great find and a great treat! Not much to say with all the great exposure stacys has already received but the food but amazing and we will deff be going back! We got stacys platter and it was way more then enough food for two people and we added on two sides-- their baked beans were delicious!
3	I'm giving 3 starts because the food was good both times I ate there.  However the service leaves something to be desired.  I purchased the yelp deal and tried to use it.  The first time the owner andthe workers had no idea what I was talking about even though I showed them.  The owner spent most of our visit on the phone trying to get ahold of someone to find out what I was talking about.  He said he couldn't accept it that night,  but by Monday (2 days later) they would be set up to take it.  I went back a week later and tried to use it and was told no again.  This time they said sorry we aren't taking any coupons...I explained I had already paid for this and was told I would be able to use it on my next visit, but they wouldn't budge.  Today I again I tried to use it and was told no.  That's 3 strikes and they are out for me. Don't say you'll take something and then not do it.
1	Ordered here 3 times now. First time, ordered the brisket sandwich. Was good tasting but a terrible price for the amount of food you get. Second time, ordered some ribs and corn bread, ribs were good and bread was alright. Third time was the big problem, ordered a melody burger which comes with a side and bacon along with an order of mac and cheese. The burger came with ONE piece of bacon on the entire thing, the burger was not cooked all the way through and the mac and cheese was dry and as others said, seems like out of a box. On top of this, the burger was so pink in the inside, barely looked edible was so under cooked. Ended up throwing out the burger, barely touched the mac and cheese and the only thing enjoyable was that piece of bacon and the potatosalad. Looks like 3 strikes their out in my book.
4	Really good BBQ. Tried the brisket, hot links, tater salad, cowboy beans, cornbread and fried okra. Great hickory smoked flavor that is not common in AZ. Fresh, cornmeal battered okra fried up perfectly, Good sized portions and fairly priced.Said they have blues bands on Tuesday and Jazz/Blues on the weekend.
2	The food was good, the music was entertaining, but the service was really horrible.  The bartender was waiting our table - he forgot our food order, then brought us only part of the food we ordered, and didn't check back with us for our drinks. I was surprised how bad the service was, considering the rave reviews for the food.Beware if you order chicken by the piece.  Each piece costs $3.  Seriously, it is $3 PER PIECE for a wing, a leg, or a thigh.
5	I have been here twice & expect to be going back many more time. The rib's just melt off the bone and the fried chicken is also real good. The music variety they provide is second to none! From Blues to Motown & R&B to some tasty rock & roll, Stacey's is doing a great job of bringing it to Mesa. Not too loud so you can have a conversation yet loud enough to make you want to get up & dance.
4	Stacy's Smoke House BBQ is a Phoenix rising out of the ashes.  We enjoyed our evening and a variety of tastes from the menu.  Stacy really understands soul food.  The fried fish had a tasty, crunchy corn meal batter and was tender on the inside.  The fried chicken was well seasoned, had great crunchy skin and juicy meat. The collard greens had great flavor and texture.  The mac & cheese was creamy and cheesy.  Stacy even bottles his own BBQ sauce and its delicious.  Now for the bad news.    His BBQ although good texture, tasted of no smoke....how does that happen?
5	The brisket will melt in your mouth. Nice smoked flavor and the baby back rib meat falls off the bone. Delicious. Pulled pork sandwich is piled high with enough meat to fill your belly.Best BBQ in the East Valley.. A must try for anyone looking for GREAT BBQ..
4	Good food and fast delivery. Driver very nice. We had brisket and pulled pork. Sides of potato salad, Mac and cheese, BBQ beans and coleslaw. Sides were OK. Pork and brisket tender and juicy. Sauce very good. Ordered very spicy Hot links but not very spicy. All said would order again.
3	Tried for the first time last night with my husband, we had a Living social coupon.At first we were very hesitant.  When we walked in there were two people sitting at the bar, at that was it.  Dining area, not a single person.But when the food arrive we were pleasantly surprised, it was very good.  I really liked the pulled pork, BBQ beans and coleslaw.  The service was also attentive but not constant, perfect.  It appears that on Sundays and Tuesdays they have live Blues music.  We would defiantly go back, listen to some blues and have some BBQ.
4	Flew into Phoenix for a concert. Dined at Stacy's with a group of 8. The decor is sparse and the atmosphere is lacking a cool vibe. It feels empty in the place even when people are there. Service is average at best but our server seemed nice and that was good enough. So your asking yourself, why the 4 stars? The food was so well prepared and DELICIOUS, it alone was worth 10 stars. I had to average the entire experience hence the 4 stars. We had the pickles and okra for starters, It comes with a dipping sauce. Excellent! I had the fried catfish, greens, mac&cheese, and cornbread, SUPERB! The catfish was lightly breast, crispy, and flaky on the inside. Greens were seasoned perfect with vinegar and spice. The cornbread was just the right mix of cornbread and cake. Spongy texture but not too sweet. Mac and cheese was average but decent. To drink many of us had watermelon Long Island ice teas, AWESOME! If you need ambiance and over the top service, this probably is not your place. If you want the best Fish, greens, okra/pickles, and cornbread in Phoenix, you've found the right place.
2	I was excited to try this place, a new neighborhood BBQ joint.  I figured they must have a great signature seasoning/dry rub or maybe a great sauce - neither was the case. Disappointing.  When I walked in I thought I was entering a bar, since thats all you see at the entrance.  Then I looked over and saw the tables set up in a dining area.  I was greeted by a nice gentleman and he seated me quickly.  Good start, unfortunately it went downhill from there.  Eventually, my server wandered over to my table and took my drink order. I had been waiting a while so I already knew what I wanted to order, but ordering would have to wait.  I figured I'd try the ribs to experience whatever Stacy's claim to fame would be.  When the server finally came back, (there were only 3 other tables being served besides mine) I asked her how many ribs come with the half slab.  She looked confused and said "it depends." It depends?  Really?  I ultimately ordered the half slab ($14 and no side items come with that, BTW) and waited anxiously.  And waited.  (Guys, your ribs are already cooked, it shouldn't take a long time to get a half slab out.)When my dinner finally arrived, I found out that a half slab is 6 ribs (over $2 per rib - and no sides, remember?) - not a great deal, but that's fine if they taste good.  I will say, the ribs seemed to be good quality.  They weren't too fatty and you could definitely taste the smoked flavor.  That's where the positives end.  There was no great seasoning or dry rub.  So I tried the sauce - maybe that's where I'd be wow'd. Nope.  It wasn't bad, but nothing special. Tasted like a grocery store sauce.I finished my 6 ribs with no sides and waited again.  My server never even checked back with me.  When she finally came back I handed her a $20 and couldn't wait to leave.  My total bill was over $18 for 6 ribs and a soda.  That's seems a bit high for a "nice restaurant" much less a neighborhood place like Stacy's.  To be fair, I could have ordered side items at $3+ each - so I guess I could have paid even more and been slightly more satisfied.Bottom line - I only tried one entree so I can't judge the entire menu, but I don't think I will be back to try the rest.  The food was average at best, and the value wasn't there.  If the service was better, I probably would have given 3 stars, but this server basically treated me as a burden rather than a customer.  Disappointing.
