3	The bay is everything to everybody; just like Walmart. I must say it is great place to pick up cougars because the chicks in their 20s/early 30s all have kids. If working the crowd or dancing with your home-dawgs isn't your thing, then they have a separate room for karaoke.Tips:T-shirt and jeans.Skip the bar and flirt with the trough girls.Bring your best tramp stamp.Stop requesting brass monkey!
2	This place is hilarious.  It shows just how desperate the west-side is for bar.  If you can imagine the complete opposite of typical Scottsdale bars- Barcelona, Devil's Martini, etc. this place is that.  It reminds me of high school dance.  Most the people here are still wearing the same clothes since whatever generation they were in high school.  And the music is the same songs (actually, I think I was in middle school).  Ladies, if you're feeling a little down on yourself, go here.  You will feel gorgeous.  Seriously though, if you are just looking for a chill place to be stupid and drunk with your friends this is it.  Drinks are cheap and strong.  Just lower your expectations way way way down.
2	Somebody should tell the chicks in bikini's selling the beer that just because they aren't wearing any clothes doesn't mean they are not annoying.Let's see, while there I saw poor lonely older ladies falling down drunk, (I saw one old champ hit her head after tumbling over a step).  I saw people desperate for acceptance doing their best pole dance imitations.  And of course, every club has to have the old black guy wearing the golf cap and flower lai who dances with everyone at random.  Music was good and not so loud that you could not talk which was nice.  The decor was a tad on the ragged side and cleanliness is no doubt an issue when the lights are on.
4	There really are not many cool places to sing or dance in N Phx. Hurricane is a default and has gotten better with age. We usually get there before 9 for two reasons. 1. drink specials 2. cover charge If you get there before 8 there is zero cover, after 8 there is $8 for guys only. Ladies are free. The drinks are $2 before 9. We sat on the Solo's side which is the karaoke side. Ordered a few drinks, laughed at the staff doing the singing skits. Watched my wife do Love Shack and ordered a few more drinks. Talked with friends, laughed, and had a good time. There are always going to be the douche tards there creeping but that can be entertaining to watch too.
3	The remodeled this place...didn't really see a difference. I totally didn't know they had cabanas to rent out and what not. it was like 300 for one though and you get the cabana and a bottle. Little much considering its hurricane bay. I could get that in vegas for less and at least it's vegas! It's right down the street from me so I'll go if I have friends going. Its very casual and they have a dance floor and karaoke in another room. Mixed crowd. smoking patio. its a-ok. Parking sucks and there are tons of cops...so be careful.
2	I try NOT to go here for dancing, but they are GREAT for karaoke.  Huge songbook, good drinks and entertaining hosts.But the dance area is what kills the star rating.I typically get there early with a large group who wouldn't go anywhere else... before nine to avoid a cover for the men in the group and the drinks are cheap.  The bad part... bad music until like 10 or 11.Until then, you are stuck with people in their golden years listening to 70's music (which I absolutely DESPISE, thankyouverymuch) and wondering why the hell you agreed to show up so early.Then... as midnight comes on, it turns into a meat market and you have to be protected by your date in every move you make. "I JUST need to go to the bathroom, and I'm a flipping lesbian.  I know you don't believe me and you now suddenly believe you can convert me, but tough cookies sweetheart, now back off."Go for the karaoke... not the dancing.
4	I just went here last Saturday night and had a great time. You can't expect clubs to be 100% perfect, they are usually crowded and that causes problems. However, we arrived around 10:30 pm and the music was great, dancing was so much fun. I liked that they kept the bar area really cool, it was nice to go take a break after sweating up a storm while dancing. Nice looking people, the only thing I didn't like was the bartending girls at the front bar constantly asking me, "Beer, shot?" every single time they saw me. I said no the first time, listen.
3	We were in town for a wedding and decided to check this place out.  The cover was the cheapest around so we ended up here.  For a dance club it was a bit trashy but I guess you can't ask for much.  If you are looking to just have a good time I would recommend checking it out but don't expect anything classy.
2	Cheap and desperate.  Paying a cover charge to enter this karaoke dance club is somewhat embarrassing.  I suppose it can be fun if you are completely hammered and ready to let your inner douche bag out.
2	This place charges a cover charge and sometimes has a line to get in... are you serious? Hurricane Bay is like biting into a jelly doughnut without any jelly. You're sitting there in line thinking this place must be awesome it has a line and then your paying your admission fee thinking well if they charge me to even step in here it must be one fantastic place.. then bam your in and oh what a let down all you see is either a group of people with serious issues having an 8 way orgy in the corner (no its not hot its what real bi-sexuals and just dont give a crap exuals look like not that I have a problem with that I just dont want to stare at it) or a 50 something single lady dancing with a 21 year old dude. WHERE IS THE JELLY?I am not sure when Hurricane bay turned into an alternative life styles + older folks spliced dance club but paying to get in here is a joke.
5	I know ... I know... I really like this place for what I use it for. I do not go to dance, find a mating partner or to have a guys night out. I go to drink $2 captains until 9pm. Listen to some great karaoke and some bad karaoke. I can spend $20 bucks and be very drunk. As opposed to the foo foo places $20 get you in the door. The bartender Katie on the karaoke side makes sure you are taking car of. Thanks Katie..
3	Hurricane Bay.. Wow I have got to be honest.. So a friend invites me to go and I'm like, "Umm.. okay..". So we show up and the first thing that comes out of my mouth is, "WTF?" It's in a SHOPPING center next to a nail place. Also, it's in North Phoenix. I had no idea North Phoenix even had clubs. So we walk in and I'm like, "Wow this feels like a chessy banquet hall." The bar was very easy to get a drink from (plus!) And the drinks were seriously well made. After getting over the cheesiness (and taking a few shots) I made my way to the dance floor with my friends and had a blast. This place reminded me of partying with random co-workers. No one was really dressed up, which was actually cool. The music was surprisingly good and everyone there was very laid back. It was such a mixture of people from young to older and all ethnicities. This is a place that you are almost forced into disliking but just cant :) I wouldn't put it on my top hang outs but if a group decided to go, I'd go!
4	So they no longer serve Captain or any type of "highend" drink for the $2 u call it specials. It is now $2 Well drinks. The well drinks are still a decent heavy pour but your taste buds tell you go back to the Captain. #Word of advice for the ladies, watch your yourselves, watch your drinks and watch out for who buys you drinks. #
4	I love going to this spot. They've got great music and the karaoke spot is crazy! It's always fun to watch some drunk people perform. The host also does a great job entertaining the crowd. They have specials on drinks...they always mix them up. No cover charge for the girls...that's how it should be. =o) Sometimes there is a coverage charge if there is a special event going on.
4	Not a big fan of Karaoke or dancing. But I do like to occasionally hang out with a few buddies at a local watering hole. Jearel & Jeremy are Outstanding Bartenders! I have been going to them for years and I mean years! Good drinks, nice promotions, and fun on the Westside. Great remodel on the place. If you are hungry and thinking Jack in the Box...they lines can be wrapped around the building!
3	I guess there is a cover charge after a certain time for girls...whomp whomp! But it's not too bad and I would pay it.So...I went here again last night and I am just out of words. This place used to be filled with young people, but compared to the last time I went here (like 2 weeks ago), the crowd tonight was completely packed with ummm...cougars. Seriously, you had more women there who were 40 and above...up to like a senior citizen who was dressed in her ballgown. Then you had just a few wondering senior citizen men. I just don't know what happened. I must admit that it was very entertaining to watch the crowd. I always people watch and it gives me the greatest entertainment...for free!There are some decent people there. My friend and I did meet a group of guys and for the most part they were pretty decent. I'd go again in hopes that this place would turn back to how it used to be...filled with a younger crowd, but I'd watch them cougars for some good laughs.
3	great drink specials
3	Here is the good:Slutty girls that are not stuck up to dance, dance floor, ok music and huge crowd.And the bad.....  cover, pretty expensive drinks considering this is not a world class club. This club is taking itself too seriously. And maybe it can because it's the only club (with dance floor) in the west side. If you are bored out of your mind, feel like being stupid then check it out you might like it. If you are picky then this will not impress you. D-
1	The only good thing about this bar is the hot bartenders. The drinks are overpriced.  There are TONS of dudes there which as a girl wouldn't normally bother me but they are all ugly idiots. Most of the people in here think they are gangster but I am pretty sure they all live in that area. The first time I went there I told dude no in the parking lot and he pulled a gun on me... really?  I don't see how that would work out for you buy I burst out laughing and another ugly dude got in his face. The best part of the night was watching them fight with each other. More fun than this bar would be drinking a 40 in a dark alley somewhere.
1	Last night, I had the realization that I am a true Scottsdale girl and I'm quite alright living in my Scottsdale nightlife bubble. Here are some differences I noted: Scottsdale: If you look good and are female, you get in for free and probably drink for free. Hurricane Bay: If you look good and are female, thug looking dudes will stand outside of your car making sex faces, causing you to make your male friend come and get you for fear of what happens if you open that door and walk out there alone. Then you pay $10 to get into a not so hoppin Halloween party. Guys hump your ass without asking and without buying you a drink first. Dress code for males in Scottsdale: Nice jeans, button down shirt, shaved or carefully groomed, and they usually smell like nice cologne. Hurricane Bay: wife beater and jeans that haven't been washed in weeks. Hair that says I just got out of jail and tats to match. Standard cologne called BO. Drinks are strong but their well vodka has to be a step above Gordon's. Also, I think there may be dealers right outside selling rohypnol. Needless to say it is a creeper's paradise. I'll stick with Blue, thank you!
2	I'm a karaoke Diva and have been to quite a few places for karaoke. I wound up here because my new housemate invited me, and it was ok. I wouldn't have paid a cover to get in. Luckily I got there before the cover started (or perhaps it was the plunging neckline - I looked as good as I can look that night).The karaoke hosts are a bit full of themselves and will in fact take an opportunity to steal your spotlight while you are singing. NOT OK guys - I do just fine on my own. If I did not ask you to sing harmony then put the mic down until it's your turn. And stop telling everyone to drink more - you don't have to make it so obvious that you get paid a percentage of the bar tab. I don't drink alcohol - diet coke with cherries on top because I like to put on a show - please and thank you. Even the most killer drink specials don't make a difference to me. In fact, they make the drunks stupider even more quickly. Being sober and the designated driver, this sometimes kills my good time.The song selection is on a touch screen and not well organized. Trying to find a standard song was near impossible without help, and the help I got was from another singer, not the folks running the thing. I'd rather deal with a human than a machine fellas. Stop checking your prettyboy looks in the mirror and connect with your singers outside of when they're onstage. The machine does save your song choices from prior evenings and has them on a quick list, so if you sing the same songs every week, it does make it easier.I had to thread through the club side to go out to the smoking patio. Music was ok though the crowd didn't seem to be too enthusiastic. Folks were friendly enough, but I've experienced better karaoke, better atmosphere, and better crowds in several other places not too far away.Going back tonight because the roommate and his friends like the place. Update to follow.
3	So I found out last week that there is a 8 dollar cover for everyone on Saturday nights.  But wait.  the drinks are only 50 cents.  The well drinks are less to be desired so I stuck to bottles.  And for the first time in 20 times coming here I was not hung over the next morning.  I think it is probably something they put in the ice.  I  would definitely keep an eye on your drinks or watch whoever buys them for you,  know of a couple of people who thought they got drugged.  Another thing is I am married so coming here is like watching the animals at the zoo.  Good times.
2	I have been to this club a bunch of times with my friends. Its got ok music. A lot of guys are jumpy. Almost got jumped one time. The drinks are ok before ten. Bud lites are 4 for a dollar before ten which i like but they get pricey afterwards. Oh and theres alot of black people there. Wednesday nites are the nites i go cuz my girlfriends get in for free. Thats rite ladies nite. The nicest bartender there is the lady with the long dark hair. The girls at the entrance just sell beer. Theres karaoke on the far side of the bar. Looks fun. Its ur typical club i guess. If u want a guy threatening you. Wethere ur a girl or a guy.
3	Ladies and gentlemen, I have discovered the anti-Scottsdale! People are laid back and nice! Pay your $8 to get in. It's really steep if there's not much action, but consider it an investment in having a good time. I was here on a Friday, and so I was fortunate to indulge in 50 cent well drinks. Beyond that, they had bud light lime and three olives bubblegum, so I was in a happy place!Staff: Super friendly, and not pretentious. Even the bouncers were way nice, glad to see people having a good time instead of looking for trouble.Ladies: Quite a variety. I noticed a lot of cougars, but overall I must say everything you could be looking for is here. Guys: Not much of a variety, and the guys were a bit on the trashy side. *I* felt like I was overdressed, and I'm not even a fancy guy. They seem a bit ghetto here, but I guess that just makes me stand out more? I like that. This place really seems like a laid-back, no drama club. A place people can have fun and not be judged...well except for me. I get to judge; it's a Yelper's duty. :-p
4	This place has made some serious improvements over the years! ... renovations look great, but I'm very glad that my favorite parts of the staff have hung around!  If you need a drink and wonder why there's a line for Amber or Jeremy - it's because they're the best, and totally worth the short wait!  Chances are they'll still sling your drinks before anyone else!  These 2 always have smiles and know everyone AND they know their cocktails.  Not your typical Scottsdale scene, but always some sort of special going on!
4	WoW lots of negative reviews about this place.. well its been 2yrs ago since I've been here. Don't recall it being Ghetto, but than again People are what make estblishments ghetto. I'm going there tonight cause I was invited for a B-day party.. we got a cabana and a bottle, Sooo Ill post the results the following day! 'Keepin my fingers crossed' LoL** UPDATE**Well I have to admit i was expected to see these horrible stories that I have read from previous reviews, and I have to say that I was very impressed with the new set up that Hurricane bay has. My friend rented out a cabana there and it was nice, the waitress was SMOKING HOT and very nice, very playfull and gave us lots of attention. I wouldnt mind going again if it wasnt so far from me. The Karaoke room was small, but the people who sang were good and lots of interaction with those who sang. everyone seemed to be  having fun. So i have to give this another star and 1-up my rating, i was very impressed and had lots of fun with my date for the evening..    We all have to experience it first before we can just follow along with any "bad/negative' reviews..   I hope this helps, if your in the area check it out
4	I haven't been here since 2005, when it was dingy and ghetto. I took a trip back in time on Saturday, wow, pleasant surprise! It is definitely anti- Scottsdale, although the Valet price will make you think you are in Scottsdale lol ($7). I paid a $5 cover even though I'm female, but when I met up with my friends, I understood why. The remodel is beautiful. It's not "fancy", but it's nice. I support charging to get in, because it keeps a good cash flow to allow for enough quality staff, etc. I will never know for sure, but i am pretty certain I was drugged there at least once before back in the day. I did not have fear of that during this visit in the least. I didn't feel like I was hanging out with a bunch of riff- raff, just a bunch of people meeting up with their friends to dance, sing, and have a good time. I won't be frequenting nearly as often as I did when I was 21, because I can't keep up with that girl from the past, but I look forward to another visit soon. I had to laugh when I saw the same bartender from back in the day,  and just one thing- this is AZ- there are no shortage of girls with flat abs, so maybe don't have a beer tub girl who is wearing unfortunate fitting shorts.....
1	Nope, this club has gone way Downhill within that last couple of years.  Due to the location of the club is really the only reason I came here.  Friends feel like dancing and want to go to this club.  This will be the last time going for sure though.  This club is super ghetto.  Tons of security they have is needed. I'm not stuck up at all but it's a freaking dirty meat fest up in there.  I can't believe they even charge a cover, which they do.  DJ/Music is horrible.  I like to dance and will dance to almost anything when drunk, but I even had to sit out.  The one time my friends forced me onto the dance floor made me feel super uncomfortable because I felt like I was going to get raped. I'm so not kidding, guys stared you down like it was feeding time in the tiger cage at the zoo.  All the touching and rubbing on me made me leave right away.  I'm not down for getting impregnated while trying to dance here. Guys that went with us felt just as uncomfortable as the ladies did.  If I had to sum this up in one word I would have to say, Terrifying!
2	Not really my scene, but we went for a few friends' birthday and got a cabana/booth spot. The Pros: Our waitress was fast and courteous.The music was, for the most part, very good.The drinks were strong.The cons:The DJ kept talking about and to some girl he wanted to get with. Honestly, nobody gives a fuck. I hate it when there is a person in the bathroom handing out paper towels. It doesn't tell me that this place is high class if that is the attempt.The cons have me giving this place a two star rating. If the DJ is really good, girls will go out of their way to talk to them. I don't need someone to hand me a paper towel. I won't go here or suggest this place as a place to go, but I will go if a friend is having an event here and invites me.
3	Been going to this place quite a few times simply because it's the closest thing I know of to my location in Peoria (I guess all the fun is out to the East or South here) being a new person to Phoenix! PROS:Plenty Of ParkingGood Bartenders Racially Diverse CrowdMilitary Free On Saturdays Close For Those On The West SideNot Full Of The Pretentious Type (Scottsdale Anyone?)Decent Size Club And Nice Set Up For A Phoenix Club (Typically Small Or Poor Setting)CONS:This Place Is Hit Or Miss Alot; Many Slow Nights Mixed In With A Few Good The DJ's Don't Know How To Mix Correctly (Cut Out Of GOOD Songs Too Fast)Crowd Tends To Lean Towards Older Women (No Young People On The West Side?)So overall The Bay is the best looking, best sized, and has the best layout compared to the clubs I've been to so far in Phoenix (especially compared to Scottsdale which seems to be more hype than actually great). Scottsdale pretends to be Vegas but doesn't warrant that given their extremely small places (SmashBOXX, Dollhouse) or horrid layout (Axis-Radius which looks nice definitely but the dance areas are laid out completely wrong) compared to clubs I've been to elsewhere.The unfortunate thing with The Bay is that it doesn't draw the hype or the crowds like Scottsdale and Tempe I guess because of its location though it definitely deserves it over anything I've been to in Scottsdale (minus the DJ at this place)!
4	Ghetto fabulous!
2	We used to love there, since you could find a fun mix of young a mature people. Too bad they added gogo dancers now it feels like a cheap strip club :(
