5	I will resist the urge to make a joke about the adorable little name, because the staff is just too dang nice and the selection of fabrics too gosh-darn good to say anything bad about the QR.My first trip here was to accompany my mother while she bought a new sewing machine (this is a Bernina store as well). While she played with the machines, I perused the fabrics since I was getting ready to start a beginner's quilting project.First, I would like to give 10 stars for their fabric selection. Jo-Ann's is a joke if you're in need of contemporary colors, prints or a good selection of simple cotton blends. Yes, QR has set-ups of goofy cowboy-themed fabrics draped over an Old West display, and grandma-esque Halloween prints so you can make seasonal throw pillows, but they an equal number of popular (that is, popular outside the quilters' world) prints and colors that fall into the category of modern visual art - perfect prints for projects that you could envision in Urban Outfitter's home department or offered by modcloth. The fact that they take the time to pre-arrange these fabrics in complementary prints/colors displays to give you ideas and let you see the possibilities is my next favorite thing about QR. My main fault in being crafty is that I am in no way a visionary. It's hard for me to see the potential in one fabric or print or color. It's just incredibly helpful if you're not an art major or design student and just want to have fun.My third favorite part is the staff. These women are passionate about sewing and want you to be excited too. They have worked with every kind of material and done every kind of quilt pattern. Yet, they were patient with a total newbie and walked me through the long process of selecting fabrics for my project. They are quick with tips and advice and opinions, if you want them (and trust me, you want them - learning from your mistakes is expensive and frustrating). They were incredibly supportive when I felt overwhelmed with my project and helped me figure out how to wrap it up and make it look amazing - they were never ageist or craft-snobby toward me at all (not to single you out again Jo-Ann's, but...yeah). My mother was also very happy with her experience buying a machine from this store, they spent a long time with her, showing her all the new features (a lot has changed since my mom bought her last machine in 1975!) and let her actually use each display model to get a feel for them.They also offer classes on site, and given my interaction so far with the staff, I wouldn't hesitate to sign up for one - these ladies rock!
4	I found this place on Yelp while looking for another place to find fabrics since I wasn't finding what I wanted at JoAnn's. So, I popped in one evening about an hour before closing and the women working there were insanely helpful. I had just bought a sewing machine and was looking for some fabric to make my first "creation", a rag quilt. I went in not really knowing what I wanted, but I told them that I saw a video about rag quilts on YouTube and wanted to try one. So, she had me pick out a few fabrics that I liked together and she helped me figure out how much of each fabric I needed and even gave me some tips for sewing it all together. Way more than I was expecting to get out of my evening at the quilting store! The only downfall of this store (and reason why I don't go each time I need fabric or supplies) is that the prices are more than at JoAnns. So, I buy all the basics that I can there but will definitely go into Quilters Ranch when I need something special.
3	I am an avid quilter and moved here recently. I am on the hunt for a new quilt shop and I went here, despite the "grandma quilt shop" name lol. The staff was VERY nice and helpful and friendly. The shop a little on the small side, which made me surprised to find that they have a very decent selection of contemporary fabrics! My only disappointment is that that they don't have fat quarters cut of each of the fabrics, though they will cut fat quarters - but that's not something I want to have to wait around for. They carry a small selection of minky and home dec fabrics as well. I will definitely be back there!
3	No place to sit for husbands.  Staff friendly. Caught a good sale.  No regional fabric. Selection average. Layout was a little cramped and the lighting a little low.
