4	La Mediterranee is a fairly new Greek restaurant, having been opened for only a few months.  To promote the new business, a voucher was offered for a tasting menu.  If I get to pig out on a variety of food, I'm in!   My boyfriend and I were so happy to have tried this place! The blue and white decor is nice - simple and clean. Upon entering we were given the choice of two tables, and our hostess suggested the table farthest from the door, to avoid any possible draft (good call).  We were asked if we were there for the tasting menu or regular menu.  As we were there for the tasting menu, we were quickly brought a glass of Prosecco each and our waitress explained the Greek delicacies that awaited us.  We were brought a basket of grilled pita and bread, served with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  Fried eggplant, zucchini, saganaki cheese, calamari and tzatziki were first on the menu, and everything was delicious! Our server brought out each course on a large plate, and served it to us table-side. The calamari were perfectly cooked and tasted very fresh. The fried eggplant and zucchini were amazing - thinly sliced and crisp.  The tzatziki was refreshing and delicious.  We then had a greek salad, with kalamata olives, tomatoes, onions and green peppers, and the most delicious soft feta.  We then had grilled salmon (tasty but quite a few bones) with capers, grilled chicken and loukanikos sausage (good, but a little salty for my taste), grilled peppers, rice, potatoes and cherry tomatoes. We then had delicious loukoumades covered in honey and a coffee/latte.The waitresses and server were great - they were very friendly and seemed happy to be there.  The restaurant was filled with laughter and smiling faces.  Definitely a good spot for Greek food if you're in the downtown core.
4	Great restaurant.  They have changed it from Greek to more of an emphasis on Italian. The waitress was very friendly and helpful.  We ordered the lasagna and my husband said it was the best he had ever eaten.  He also had a glass of chardonay which he said was excellent.  We knew that the lasagna would be filing so we didn't order a first course.  We were served toasted pita slices with tomatoes. It was excellent and the pita was done with herbs and butter.  They also give you warm bread with olive oil and balsamic.  We were very delighted with the evening and would return in a heartbeat.  The price point was very reasonable especially for it's downtown location right off of Rue de Catherine. The decore had just been updated and was very tasteful
5	A+ service A+ food A+ ambiance.
1	Closed for renovations.
