3	This AMF is pretty crusty and could definitely use a face lift but it does the job.  The counter staff and waiting list are a bit chaotic and once you finally get to your lane, there's less seating than most alleys which was probably the most annoying thing about it.  You also really have to hunt for the right size ball because they're scattered all over regardless of what direction the staff point in to go look.  But a few drinks into your first game you'll forget the details and end up having fun anyway because, well, it's bowling!
4	This place looked old school and it was pretty old school inside too.  Not the place to take a date bc this is a bowler's bowling alley.  I guess you could though, if she's a bowler - then she might appreciate that it's a bowler's bowling alley.  Ain't nothing fun about this place, no disco ball with strobe lights and 70's music.dmo out.
3	Oh, poor AMF lanes on South, you look so downtrodden from the outside, if only I had taken the time earlier to stop in and actually give you a chance. (Well actually, I had, but I always end up trying to bowl on league nights)Weekday afternoon is apparently the time to get the place to yourself, and I have to say the place is pretty clean and organized. You check in and all the balls are behind the counter with the shoes. They'll let you take more than one, but it's a little inconvenient if you aren't 100% dedicated to your choice.The computers are older, so there are no fancy graphics when you get a strike, or a split, or a turkey. The lanes are in good shape but I swear the approach area is shorter than other lanes in town. (And I wasn't the only one who noticed this) It's probably only inches but if you have a somewhat set step as you walk up to the line, you're going to notice the difference (creatively adjusting was like a whole other fun game in itself). Clean bathrooms, really nice staff, definitely a decent option that's close to home.
3	I'm new to town and looking for some fun things to do in my spare time and decided to try a bowling league.  I called around and found that AMF Centennial Lanes has a bowling league every Thursday for all skill levels for just $11/week which includes your three games for the league, shoe rentals, two free games to come in any other day of the week and a bowling ball at the end of the 16-week league.I'm not very good at bowling, but enjoy it and want to get better at it so this seemed perfect.  The bowling alley itself isn't anything special.  Still a bit outdated, but has new computer systems and I haven't had a problem yet with any equipment or slow lanes.  The staff here is also super friendly and are really helpful.  I am looking forward to coming here weekly over the next few months!
3	Solid spot to throw the rock when you're in the mood. Nothing too fancy, but they've got all the usual suspects in here, some video games for the kids, some brutally unhealthy snacks to eat while you pretend you're exercising, etc. They have some deals, but I don't remember which one we used, but it wasn't overwhelming. But we've bowled here a few times when Ten Park Lanes was packed and never regretted it.
3	If you're looking for a league, this is probably the most economical place to do it... If you get on their list, you get coupons for free games on a pretty regular basis... If you want to get out of the house and can't think of anything else to do, this is a great option that won't break the bank... The food is standard fare and the beers are pretty basic as well... I used to love the mudslides here, but they haven't had the ingredients to make one for a while, so I just stopped asking... No worries, though... It's not a super fancy place by any means, so go ahead and kick back while you sip on a brew... They finally got around to updating the computers, so they're on par with pretty much all the other alleys in that respect now... And if there's no one in the lane next to you, they'll put the television on an actual channel if you want to catch a game or something... My favorite parts about this place are the prices (cheapest bowling I've seen in the city), the employees (everyone is extra friendly and will help you with anything) and the clean restrooms...(They also have a pretty sweet Groupon for 2 hours and shoes for 4 people for $25 right now...)
5	After deciding to reintroduce myself to the world of bowling after abandoning it as a teen,  I came across this as my local bowling alley and have been here on a few occasions in years past few months.  I find this to be a typical bowling alley,  not all the frills as some of the newest ones,  but I came to bowl, the light show is not necessarily needed, old school guy on that note.  Importantly,  lanes are well maintained,  great spot for families,  and I especially admire their children emphasis during the summer break. Kudos for that alone....
2	After dinner, we decided to put the kid in bed (along with his grandmother) and go out and do some fun stuff.  I remember the bowling place (I think it was TEN park lane or something) we went to last Thanksgiving, but when we arrived it looked like Cam Newton was there signing autographs.  The place was mobbed.So we decided to look for another bowling alley, and this place came up.  The nice thing was when we arrived, it wasn't crowded like the other place was.  There was 10 or us, so we needed 2 lanes.Now here is the interesting thing.  The pricing.  I know it was Saturday night, but I thought it was somewhat pricey.  For $20 PP, you got 2 hours bowling, and shoes- that was it!  No food, no drinks, no massages in the back, no nothing extra!  To me, that was pricey.  I would only expect that at a boutique bowling alley- but cmon, this was an AMF.we got set up in lanes 6-7, which kind of sucked- as we didn't get two lanes together (2 separate returns- 5-6 are together, and 7-8 were).  I mean we were next to each other, well shit- I guess you have to be there to understand what I am talking about.You could choose theming on your machines, that was interesting.  We kept ours on medieval theming.  It was then time to bowl.  Finding the oil patterns were tough here.  In fact- it was the worst bowling I have done in years (I am not saying that either to be funny- it really was).  I couldn't blow the pins over to get a 100.  It was embarrassing.  In fact, it was so bad, I needed a drink.Speaking of drinks, I noticed when other members in our group were gone, they were gone for a while.  I was not sure why.  When I went to get a drink, I noticed why.  The bar area was tended by one person- but he wasn't swamped.  This lady in front of me ordered a huge drink that looked like a urinal cake with pineapples and a maraschino cherry.  6 minutes later, I just wanted a damn pitcher of Bud Light.I couldn't wait any longer.  At this point, I didn't even want a glass- I was ready to drink the pitcher on its own.  When I had my first sip- I damn near spit it out.  The Bud Light really did taste like Bud Shite.  And you know the worst part?  I ended up drinking the whole pitcher- I knew it would not get any better.  That night was one of those instances that thankfully I was with wonderful company to keep my mind off the negatives- because when I bowl badly and drink bad beer and high prices, that makes for an angry Tom.  Thankfully the place was clean.  I will give it 2.5 stars.
3	Let's be honest, bowling has become super expensive compared to what it was 10-15 years ago. And it does not look like there have been many updates to this place in that span. Heck, they don't even have a water fountain! (they are happy to bring you a pitcher of water. But seriously, who doesn't have a water fountain?!?)It does not appear a whole lot has changed in the game either to really justify the massive price increases over time.However, it is still a fun way to kill two hours.With Park 10 Lanes really stepping up their game, it is nearly impossible to get a lane without being told there will be a two hour wait.Thank goodness for this place.While trying to pull in and out of the parking lot with cars flying over the hill situated blindly right above the lot entrance, one must be very careful or a $20 game could cost hundreds more in car repairs and medical bills.However, if you want a fun afternoon/evening, bowling is always a great throwback and never a bad time.
5	Brought my department here to celebrate a record sales month.  Had a great time, service was wonderful.   Would definitely come back.
3	AMF is one of those places that I think will always fit into the "Bowling alley" category I have in my mind. I don't think the smoke smell will ever go away, and this alley (and most AMF's) has not changed since childhood. They do however have new fun screen graphics that make fun when you miss pins. My work hosted a fundraiser party here for Big Brother's and Big Sister's of Charlotte. They provided pizza and soda, which for a bowling alley, the pizza was ok. The upkeep is fine, and the prices are around what you would expect. We had the whole place to ourselves, but I think they only had a couple of employees there, whom I didn't interact much. They have a Summer program for kids to bowl free on their website. Overall, what you would expect from a bowling outing, nothing too fancy.
4	Had a great time with the kids. The lanes are really nice. The beer is expensive. Has new pool table and air hockey table. Spent 2 hours playing pool and have no complaints what so ever. The building looks old from the outside but the inside is top notch. I heard that the Tyron location was awful compared to this location.
1	Nice house.  But like all AMF houses.  Dry as heck. They're are bowling complaints and than there are bowlers legit complaints. AMF please think about the bowlers verses saving money. I stopped biwling leagues and tournaments held in your alleys because one needs to be a Iron Man to literally bowl in your lanes. And coming here today just proved my theory.  Yeah yeah a good bowl adjust to the lanes. I am not the best. And I have my flaws. But when my speed is consistently 14mph. And I need to get to 18 to stay on right side of head pin. That is just to darn dry. This facility pit plan is horrible.  I got to step up nearly 5-6 inches to get on approach. That is horrible for the knees. Especially for bowlers with bad knees and older folks. It is a very clean house. I give them that. And for open bowling they will find it decent enough to have there family and friends fun. But spend some money! Get you a real oil machine and spread some real oil in all your houses.
2	Terrible. All AMF locations are terrible. High prices, old equipment, no or little tv's.
