4	When I got in my accident I was referred here.  I needed a new grill and front bumper. (didn't that totally just sound like one of those Hasting's and Hasting's commercials? lol! Now picture me without a few teeth)They somehow lost the emblem so my emblems were all mismatched. I guess the one I had was discontinued, too. They called a trillion different places to find one without any luck and eventually the manager just paid to have one custom made for me.
5	I was raised to be skeptic of all used car dealers, mechanics and auto body guys but this place met and exceeded my expectations. I came in on a saturday to get an estimate, and figure out a rough time table to get the mangled rear quater pannel and bumper of my car fixed. I was told roughly 2.5 weeks but they won't make promises because if they see a quality issue or anything unseen they don't want to rush (i figured this was a prelude to an almost certain delay. I dropped my car off on the following monday and was offered a ride home and had arranged one but i was able to get my gf to take me.Ron helped me through the paperwork answered all my questions about how the paint would be matched (it was a blue with flake from factory which is hard to match). He told me again the time table but wouldn't rush quality if something came up.He called me the following day to let me know the damage was a bit more extensive once he took things apart but thought the time table would still be ok. I recieved another call about a week later and he said things were going smooth and the car was going to paint in a few days (right on the time table if not a bit early).I called him the following week to ask if the car would be ready on Wednesday (the earliest day he had said it could be done). He said he would check and after a bit of confusion he said yep and i was able to pick it up.All the paperwork was simple as a few signatures and they handled everything else with my insurance i just had to pay the deductible to the.As for the body work it was amazing you can't even tell the car was damaged or repainted at all unless you look really hard (i.e. some signs of repainting/welding on the seem on the trunk ledge (not a common spot to be looking at unless your trying). The paint (my concern) was flawless and matched the rest of the car perfectly. The car was returned cleaned (even my dirty rims and tired were cleaned up).The price was reasonable too from what i can tell, just over $3k to replace a rear quater, correct rear bumper and inner fender well, and to paint the car. I know the other car involved with my accident was 2k at another shop just to fix a dent and paint 2 doors.Top notch service here and a state farm preferred body shop. I recommend them to anybody.
5	As a very tough but also very honest customer, I need to be sure that I recognize how pleased I was with the service provided by Penske at their South Scottsdale location.We recently moved to this area, and it was a very hectic time for us.  I needed help with 2 problems - both of which were last minute things, and both were handled flawlessly by Ryan and his team.  (1) We lost our key, and needed a new one.  It was provided with no wait time, and no charge. (I understand this is not always possible, but a nearby Penske site was able to provide it.)  (2) Due to circumstances (rain, as well as other things) we needed to extend our 2 1-day rentals into a continuous 4-day rental.  No worries at all, he revised our contract and we were back to dealing with boxes and furniture with no hassles and no wait.In addition, the truck was in great shape, the Penske people (particularly Ryan) were friendly, and in general we felt that we were among friends.  They helped make a hectic move into as pleasant an experience as could be hoped for...  VERY good work.
5	I was refered to Scottsdale Paint and Body from BMW North Scottsdale.  I was told by my insurance company the repairs should take approximately five days for two dents but Lee said it would only take them about two days.  They had the car done in on time and under budget.  I couldn't have been more happy.  I admit I was a little skeptical about what it would look like when I picked it up but you couldn't even tell where the two dents were.  They did a stellar job!
5	My experience with Penske Auto Collision has always been first class. I was never worried about the Escalade looking like new after I was hit, the primary concern was having to spend time dealing with the other insurance company and their adjusters. Instead Lee Morgan handled literally everything and did so professionally and timely. Thanks.
5	I had my first ever collision when I got clipped in the rear right wheel.  The suspension was messed up, and I had to get it towed to a collision center.  This place came up as recommended both by Volkswagen and my insurance carrier, State Farm.  That made the tow free and price negotiations for the repairs headache free.Repairs were done rather quickly (within a few days).  There was a bit of an issue with the suspension, still - so I brought it back in, they made some adjustments, and it was good to go just like that.  They were very professional and easy to work with.Side note: I can't spend a ton of time on the phone during the day as I have a desk job that requires me to multitask and keep shifting my attention from one thing to another. They are great with using email to communicate status, estimates, etc. If I'm ever unfortunate enough to get into another collision, I'll be calling these guys right away.
5	Our Lexus sedan got hit by a truck backing up, and the whole front of the passenger side was caved in. Couldn't even open the door. I heard good things about Penske because they seem to work on a lot of high-end cars. They did everything perfectly except a slight adjustment on one headlight that made it not work till we took it back. Otherwise you'd never know anything happened. Paint match was perfect, and they redid the clear bra too. The same car got hit by a huge tumbleweed last week that scratched the entire passenger side top to bottom, and we are taking the car back to Penske, even though it's 45 miles from our home, because they simply do a really great job and are total professionals about it. If you want to be treated like an honored guest instead of a run-of-the-mill customer, go to Penske, they'll treat you really well. And there is a car rental place right on site.
5	SO i had JUST had my Audi for 5 days when.........yup some idiot backed into me and hit the rear right side of the car by tire and left a huge dent! worse day ever......well i called Audi right away and referred me to Penske because they are Audi certified so i requested my car to be taken there and turned it in on a Monday and received it on a Monday SPECTACULAR is what i said definitely RECOMMENDED!!!
5	They did an awesome job on my wrecked X5-.. worked with the insurance company thru completion and was clean and detailed  at pickup.
5	I was rear ended a couple of weeks ago in my brand new car. I called up the dealer where I bought the car and they recommended Penske Automotive Collision, which was also certified by my car's manufacturer. Having had a really good experience with the dealer, I took their recommendation and made the appointment. I dropped the car off on a Wednesday after getting it appraised elsewhere. Even though Penske wasn't an authorized repair shop for my insurance company, they had no problems authorizing the additional repairs needed with the insurance company. The person working with my car, Bill, advised me that it would most likely be the following Weds or Thurs before I got my car back, so I was pleasantly surprised to receive his call on Tuesday letting me know all was done!The bottom line is that these guys were professional and did a great job, while being very nice and informative every step of the way.
1	Horrible customer service. I had my car there 2.5 weeks for a paint recall. I was originally told 10 days. I called multiple times and left messages with no response. I went in personally and was told another week. I finally got it back Christmas Eve minutes before closing. A piece of car then flew off driving down freeway, no call back yet (shocking).  I am never using them again!!!
5	After a few hiccups with the first paint job (communication and malfunction), your company has made everything better. I appreciate the manager communicating to me every step of the way to make things right. Your company went above and beyond to make me happy and my car looks brand new again. Thank-you!!
5	After a few weeks of working with Tim at Penske I am recanting my previous remarks and have found a new appreciation for the level of customer service with Penske Automotive Collision.Since my previous review Tim and the staff at Penske not only made things right, they demonstrated the upmost effort, diligence and care anyone could possibly expect and I thank them for an outstanding job!The vehicle looks outstanding now and is proof that one can expect quality, respect and customer satisfaction.  They went above and beyond on the completion of the body work to the vehicle.  The attention to detail of the body work, paint and final preparations restored not only my vehicle to its like new luster, but my appreciation for their customer care and abilities.Thank you Tim and Penske... I would absolutely recommend the company for anyone needing vehicle repair, I have no doubts they will deliver favorable results and will exceed expectations.
5	After an accident, I had my BMW brought here.Although I started with one contact, I happily ended up with Michelle who made sure my car was completed to my satisfaction. Lets face it, accidents are no fun and, for me, Michelle made it easy. She returned my calls same day and checked in with me often to update me.It took a while but that was because of insurance difficulties (long story). My car was repaired and my kids happily toured their repair facilities twice. Thank you Michelle.I would use Penske again.
5	Car was delivered ahead of schedule, on budget, and looked great. Very easy to work with.
5	Excellent experience with Penske Automotive Collision. Came in for minor bumper damage and full detail. My vehicle was done in 3 day. My bumper is flawless and the detail made my 10 year SUV look brand new inside! My only regret is I did not have my car detailed by Penske sooner, it truly looks incredible.I coordinated my collision repair with Mark Castleman. He made extremely convenient to evaluate the repairs needed. I was able to email him a camera phone pick of the damage and he emailed me back same day with the time it would take to repair, the cost, set up an appointment time, and gave me detailed directions to the north Scottsdale location. I also worked with Jen when I dropped off my vehicle. She was professional, friendly and set expectations. I could tell she cared about her job.In addition, Penske does excellent mobile windshield replacement service. If you're looking for auto glass replacement, detailing service or collision repair, I would highly recommend Penske.
