4	Love their pizza. They used to have a great takeout special on Monday's, not sure if they are still doing it. Something like $6 for a large!
3	My experiences with this location is their service is usually really slow. Although, the pizza is always good, and they usually have some good deals.
4	Decent pizza, even better when it's only $5 for a large.  Even with Dominos new recipe, I'd still say Papa John's wins hands down.  The slightly sweet crust and garlic butter dipping sauce is amazing.  They've been running the $5 large one-topping pizza deal for the last few years at this location, which is perfect.  You generally have to go through eatcu.com for it, but I've also just walked in and asked for it and they've given me the deal.
1	Placed an online order for delivery  but an hour later, we decided to call to check the status of our order to only find out they never received it.  They said they would get right on it and have it delivered in 45 minutes... Screw that we said, we will pick it up (we would have canceled if it wasn't prepaid)  The employee said that would be fine, it will be ready in 30 minutes.....  Starving and upset, we decided to drive to Papa Johns early to give them intimidating, grumpy looks so perhaps we can get our pizza and bread sticks quicker.  Imagine our surprise though when we showed up 10 minutes later and our order was sitting done at the bottom of a pile of other finished orders.  We took it home and it was almost ice cold....   It probably had been sitting there for the last hour and a half...Most laughable though was our breadsticks.  They were literally balls of bread, and not even two were consistent in shape.  Small were tiny meatball sized, while others were like long sausages, and over there was another that was square in shape.  They also had literally no seasoning, were burnt, and just dough that had been baked pourly in a pizza oven.  I have had Papa John's breadsticks before, and this was a joke...  I will not be going here again.  Pizza is average at best anyways when the service actually manages to be good.
1	While there pizza is good and the location is right down the street I will no longer be going to this Papa John's. On Saturday night at around 9:15 I placed an order online. My girlfriend and I arrived there about 20 minutes after I ordered and we signed for it and were told that it was just being cut and have a seat. About 10 minutes after that we heard some of the employees saying that some of these pizzas got messed up and that they can't find them. Another employee said something like our pizza was already gone. I then spoke up and said no we are sitting right here, all he said was OK. 15 minutes after that and being completely ignored by the 6 or so workers we were handed our pizza and the guy said he threw in an extra garlic sauce for our trouble. Needless to say I was angry, not with the fact that they messed up but the staff did nothing to correct it. The girl at the front said nothing, the additional staff did not either and the least they could do was give us a coupon or throw in some bread sticks, just some token to show that they cared about their mistake. But no, so I will no longer be giving them my business and I encourage you to do the same.
1	Terrible service horrible delivery and service takes forever for them to deliever and the pizza is always cold and bread sticks are burns and taste like crap if i could give 0 starts i would
3	Good, cheap Pizza. To me, way better than Dominos.If you make a online profile, you get promotions every week, and  they are all great promotions ($5 for a two toppings medium pizza, $10 for a large specialty or five topping... things like that), such that paying the regular price sounds almost a dumb thing to do (to be honest, if I had to pay the regular price, I probably wouldn't eat here).I live right next to their store, so I always order to pickup, and my orders were never late (they say between 15 and 25 minutes, I always go by the 15th minute and the Pizza is always ready).The best pizza I've had in Champaign is Papa Dels, by far, but to the everyday-pizza, Papa Johns is my personal favorite, no complaints whatsoever.
4	They have consistently good pizza, not super spectacular, but soft and flavorful enough to satisfy any cravings. They always have promo codes that you can use to get pizza for cheap. Also, I called to order using a promo code once and then I read the fine print after I hung up, and it said I needed to order online...Whoops! It was very nice of the employees to let me use it on the phone without making a fuss at me!
5	After calling Papa Johns on Springfield and them constantly ignoring or not taking our order we called Papa johns on green street and Ashley was able to accomodate us right away. Thank you ASHLEY!! Great customer service!!!! Will not be ordering from papa johns on springfield again... Papa Johns on Green Street all the way!!
1	Phone guy was RUDE!  Should probably consider providing better service when you have epic Papa Dels to compete with.
2	I want to start off by saying I eat so much pizza that my mother would not be proud. I can guarantee you that I have ordered from this location more than any other person that has reviewed this Papa Johns.I'm iffy on this location. They offer stellar deals on pizzas through their website and websites that they advertise on. They usually have medium one-topping pizzas for $5, and sometimes you can get a large one-topping for the same price. But their service is really lacking! The only lady who works there is really cold and is always on her phone when I walk in. Some of the drivers are nice and others are rude. I'd say about a third of the time they get the toppings wrong or use toppings that are old (one time I got a pizza with spinach that was starting to brown). Tip 1: This place ALWAYS stiffs you on the pizza sauce. Sometimes my pizza is basically toppings, bread, and cheese. I recommend always ordering extra sauce with your pie or you might be disappointed. Tip 2: If you try to place your order for some time in advance, for example if you order a pizza at 8:30 pm and set the delivery time for 10pm, about half the time they will deliver the pizza ASAP regardless of the time you ordered it for. Write in the comment section the time that you want the pizza delivered so that the delivery guy won't get pissed at you when he delivers an hour early and you aren't home (happened to me twice).
2	I really enjoy Papa John's pizza but this location is the worst. I always have to make sure to add 15 min to the time they said the pizza would be ready. Sometimes the large pizza is $6 and sometimes it is $11. The crust is burnt half of the time. The pizza is sometimes warm and sometimes they give you garlic sauce with your pizza. Every time I order pizza from this place it's always a guessing game on to what will be wrong with the pizza. The management and employees don't seem to have great communication with each other.
3	I've ordered from them a few times . When I picked up the food was considerably better . The delivery was awful . The pizza was barely warm and wasn't cooked all the way . It was really gross . I had to cook it in the oven longer for it to be done ! So I was disappointed . The upside is they always have really good coupons available and always have deals . As a college student it's a plus that the pizza is cheap . The ones in the Chicagoland area trade way better ! So I'm not sure if it's just this location or what but I'm not sure if I will order again from this location .
