1	I would stay away from this office!! The owner of this dental office was going to overcharge me on my dental work. Luckily I called my dental insurance plan and they gave me the correct prices and said dentists cannot go over the insurance limits; that will be considered fraudulent activity. The front office person was very sweet and changed the prices back to what it should be. The dentist and hygienist were great too. BUT I could never trust the owner of that office again! Anybody who has a dental plan, please make sure you check your plan co-payments vs. dental office co-payments! You don't want to be a victim of insurance fraud. I am sure this is not the only dentist office who does this...so just be aware.
5	Had a amazing experience in this office! I was on a work trip and had crazy pain in my tooth. I called West Valley Dental and there office took care of me right away! The doctor and staff were very sweet, they made sure I was comfortable and to take care of the pain I was in. can't thank them enough! Very reasonable prices and quality service!!!!!
1	I went to this place because I had purchased a Groupon deal that included x-rays, a cleaning, and teeth whitening.  After an hour and fifteen minutes there I am with x-rays, a dental hygienist telling me I need to floss, and no cleaning.  I expected the whitening to happen on a different visit, but not even a cleaning? After over an hour?
1	I would give them zero stars if I could. The office is almost impossible to get on the phone, and they are only open an obscure spread of hours. When I showed up there was a man fighting with someone on the phone in the back of the office and it made everyone waiting very uncomfortable. The office was a complete disaster and filthy to boot. Even the dental tools they wanted to put in my mouth didnt look clean! The tech didnt know how to use her computer so it took her at least 10 minutes to enter my info and set up the computer for my service. Then she asked me the same question at least 5 times! Finally the dentist showed up I had been there about a half hour by now, took a look at my teeth and said they were "beautiful" and to "keep doing what I was doing." When I went to check out (they WONT do your cleaning and exam in the same day!! I have never heard of a place that does this) they said I "needed" a more intensive cleaning than usual. My Groupon only covered a basic cleaning and they wouldn't perform just a basic because I needed the upgraded cleaning and that was going to be $200. I've been seeing a dentist yearly my whole life and never had a cavity and have never heard of this special "upgraded" cleaning. Why weren't they willing to at least perform the service that I had already paid for?! Isn't a basic cleaning better than no cleaning? And I refuse to believe that I needed it, especially considering that my past health history is excellent. Not being willing to perform the service that I paid for unless I upgrade to a more expensive one? That is shady! These people are just out to gouge you for as much money as they can!! Stay AWAY!
5	I have been to this dentist twice in the past year, the Groupon deal was what originally led me to their office.  I don't think I had ever gone to a dentist before that didn't tell me I needed something done until this one.  Both times the dentist said everything was fine.  Makes me wonder if I really needed fillings at some of the other offices I went to. I hate having dental work done, but what's worse is not knowing if you can actually trust the dentist that you need to have it done.  Love having a dentist that I feel like I can trust!
5	I have been terrified of the dentist my entire life. The staff at this office is unbelievably fantastic. Made me so comfortable and were so great at everything they did. The owner is so wonderful and very awesome. Thanks again!!!! Will definitely be back and recommend this place highly!!!
5	This place is amazing! Great people, great prices and the service was fast! This is my new primary dental location for sure!!!
5	Best dental Office in the valley by far! From the minute I walked through the door I was seen within the next three minutes after filling out my paperwork. Which never happened at any other dental office. I usually don't take the time to write yelp reviews but I honestly believe they deserve a good one!! I Initially came in for a filling on two of my teeth, (was in extreme pain and couldn't eat on my left side of my mouth) took  five minutes to get my x-rays done and  found out I had a hole in my wisdom tooth. That was the reason why I was having so much pain, it wasn't the cavities. He numbed me up, 15 minutes later pull the tooth out in five minutes and patched up both cavities and 10 minutes I was in and out of that office within 25 minutes I've never been to a dental office that was that quick and professional!! You're probably thinking 15 minutes to get your teeth done and pulled out? (ZERO PAIN) Believe me they did a outstanding job! The dentist had me impressed from the beginning to the end!! And this review is from a month later! (And I am now completely healed by the way) And they are now my new primary dentist office! LOVE THIS OFFICE
1	WARNING, WILL ROBINSON! DANGER! DANGER! Avoid at all costs! AVOID! AVOID! AVOID!One star only because Yelp does not allow ZERO stars...or negative stars!The positive ratings you see virtually MUST BE employees of this company, posting false reviews or people who were sold a bill of goods. BUT...the ratings you see where the user mentions the Groupon promotion? Those are VERY REAL. I too, purchased one of them...and recommended it to a friend who purchased one, too. I figured for $29...why not get a cleaning?My dental history is literally boring and without issue. I never (and I mean NEVER) have cavities. In fact, I was once told by a dentist 20 years ago (after not having had my teeth cleaned for a few years before I went to see him) that he would, "never have known it had been so long, had I not told him, because my teeth were so clean."But THIS PLACE? This place is ripe for an Attorney General investigation for fraud.BOTH my friend and I were given the EXACT SAME SALES PITCH that others have reported herein. Our teeth were supposedly SO BAD that they required between $1200 and $1600 worth of "deep cleaning." In fact, they were supposedly so bad that. "We will not be able to clean them today," using the Groupon promotion. They simply offered to "polish them" and sent us both on our way with a strong recommendation to schedule the deep cleaning to prevent further gum disease from spreading.Odd, don't you think, how someone with a lifetime of virtually NO dental issues (I am over 50 years old) would suddenly require such a major cleaning because I was in advanced stages of periodontal disease, etc.?So just to be sure, last week, I went to my family's regular dentist (a well-known Scottsdale dentist who I don't visit very often...because I never have teeth issues). In fact, that dentist always comments that MY ENTIRE FAMILY HAS SUCH EXCEPTIONALLY HARD ENAMEL, which is why we virtually don't ever have problems. I didn't say a word to him about the visit to West Valley a few months ago. Got my teeth X-rayed, checked, etc. His only recommendation: "Everything looks fine. All you need is a cleaning." He pointed out two areas on the X-ray and said, "You just have a couple of areas here that have calcified a little bit." I SPECIFICALLY ASKED, "Does this mean that I need one of those deep cleanings or something complicated?" He laughed, and replied, "No, it's no big deal. It will just be a bit of a challenge for the hygienist but, YOU DON'T HAVE ANYTHING SERIOUS GOING ON AT ALL." Note: NOTHING SERIOUS.ADDITIONAL EVIDENCE OF FRAUD: There is another dentist who I have seen several times for cleanings, etc. who is out of town. I visit her only because another friend occasionally sees her and when I visit her, I give her a ride there, so I figure, "What the heck, I'll have my teeth cleaned while I'm here anyway." Nothing but excellent comments about my teeth from her, as well.READERS: It's your call. I have a virtually perfect dental record. But according ONLY TO WEST VALLEY, I need serious and expensive work done. So did my other friend who purchased the Groupon deal...and oddly enough, that friend needed virtually the exact same work done that I supposedly did...all very expensive. So have the others who reported this issue here at Yelp.Are you going to take a chance with your teeth, given MULTIPLE WARNINGS from multiple users or do you instead believe the positive ratings, which I am almost forced to believe must be fake posts from the company itself..or people who just had the wool pulled over their eyes by an excellent sales pitch? These guys are EXCELLENT SALESPEOPLE, by the way. There's one guy in particular (not the dentist, not the hygienist...but a SALESMAN) who presents your dire case to you and explains that your teeth are just so bad that they are simply unable to clean them today...without the $1200 "deep cleaning" procedure, of course. He will make you think your teeth are about to rot out of your mouth by the time he concludes his presentation, yet my regular dentist just last week once again praised just how exceptionally good my teeth really are...and am experiencing NO ISSUES with my teeth, as usual.WARNING! AVOID! AVOID! AVOID!
