5	I found these folks on Google, and just walked in the shop to check it out to ask about their services. They are THE nicest people. It's a family-owned business, and I felt like I made new friends.I had a simple repair to the brake light system that needed to be done and it was done very fast and at a good price...far less sticker shock than the dealer. They are from the SF Bay Area, and Charles the lead/owner worked at some of the big Mercedes places back there, so that factoid gave me lots of confidence.Am definitely taking my car back there for service again. It's so nice to go to a place where they treat you like you're from the neighborhood :)
5	These guys are great!I  Even though they specialize in Mercedes, they never have a problem with my BMW X5. The owner, Charles, knows what he is doing and never tries to up-sell you on unnecessary work.  Mary (Charles' wife) is a really sweet lady who always gives me a ride home and picks me up when the car is ready.  While Aurohaus doesn't have loaner cars like the dealership, they are extremely competent, trustworthy, and charge reasonable prices for their services.
5	Amazing shop! Owner and his team including the nicest office lady have been amazing to deal with.  Very friendly and great feeling experience and treaded me so well.  They went over and above for me and my vehicle.
5	Been here twice. First time to fix a broken window regulator and the second time to get a checkup. All the techs have been extremely honest and I've never felt taken advantage of. I spent over a grand on updates to my car there and I could've spent more but again, they're honest and didn't pressure me to do everything that they said. It's family owned & run (they're originally from the bay area so of course I've got a soft spot!) If you have car problems, need a check up, or need a second opinion, they won't steer you wrong (pun intended).
5	These guys are terrific.  They do quality work at reasonable prices.  They have done complete services for us and also dropped everything to solve a minor problem for which the total charge was $5 for the part. If you live anywhere in Scottsdale find their shop.
2	I brought my car in because the check engine light came on stating it was a small vapor leak in the fuel system. They quoted me $60 to find out what was wrong with it. Brought it in, and they couldn't find the problem because they needed to a more extensive smoke test to find where the leak was which costs $200. However they said they would deduct the first $60 from the cost and credit the total diagnostic expenses toward the repair. I brought it back for the smoke test and they stated a gasket at the fuel sending unit needed to be replaced which was a $25 part. Total cost was around $240 with taxes. As soon as I drove home, the check engine light came on again for the same problem. Brought it back for the 3rd time, and they stated there was a clamp the mechanic didn't tighten properly which caused it. Great. Soon as I drove home again the light came on again. I went back again for the 4th time and they redid the smoke test. They discover the fuel sending unit itself was leaking and was hoping it was just the gasket. They quoted $270 for the part and 4 hours of labor to change it out. They stated they would only charge me 3 hours because of the prior diagnosis. Unfortunately, I had already paid for 2 hours of labor not 1 hour, but they wouldn't give me the credit as promised initially. In addition, I found out on the mercedes forums that the problem is very common, but it only takes 2 hours to do the job. I confronted them with this and Charles denied it stating it would be a minimum 3 hour job. I went to Schumacher Mercedes dealership and bought the original part for $230 from their parts department and changed the fuel sending unit myself. I followed the instructions posted on the forums by other members and finished the job in an hour and a half easily. In addition, I also inquired about a burning rubber smell coming from the engine. They said it was the expansion plugs at the back of the engine that were leaking oil onto the exhaust - easy fix 1 hour job $200. I found out that the plugs were just plastic caps that costed $25 from the dealer and took 10 minutes to change out - simply pry off with a screwdriver and pop back in. This is what happened when I went there. Wouldn't recommend going there even if their labor rate is $98 or whatever compared to the dealership's $139 - seem to be quoting more hours to do work and not crediting what they're supposed to on diagnosis time or taking credit for screw ups.
5	I am SO incredibly grateful I found this place!!! Jeremy is awesome as is everyone that works there. Ive had some issues with my recently paid off Benz....perfect timing of course, and theyve been nothing but accomodating! I would much rather give my money to this family owned business then some big dealership. They're the best!!!! I def reccomend checking them out!
5	This is the place to go if you have a BMW, especially an older one or one out of warranty.  Twice I have taken my 2007 3 series there and they have not charged me to take a look at it.  Jeremy is extremely knowledgeable about BMWs, honest and straight forward. I have saved thousands by going to them instead of a BMW dealership that wanted to charge me thousands for unnecessary repairs.If you need a loaner, they work with the Enterprise on Scottsdale Rd. & Shea.  Enterprise will even pick you up.  They have nice rentals and their staff is nice as well.
5	This is definitely the place to take your BMW or Mercedes. My fiance has a Mercedes, and I have a BMW... both are a little older, and need some belly rubs here and there. My fiance has been here on multiple occasions, and has had nothing but Top Notch service... I finally got to experience how great these guys are on Monday, especially Jeremy. Of course over the weekend I had a couple of issues with my BMW, called Jeremy on Monday morning, and he got me in within 30 minutes, diagnosed what the issues were, and had it all fixed for me later on that afternoon. I really appreciate how helpful and friendly Jeremy was, as well as all the service techs too (sorry I cant remember the name of the nice guy who showed me the cool BMW computer stuff). If you have any car issues, you need to call Jeremy, and get to Autohaus of North Scottsdale. Thank you for everything you guys!
