5	While I've used Complete before, I felt compelled to write a review following my recent experience.  I have a Toyota FJ Cruiser, and have been waiting for the day that the windshield finally cracks from being so vertical.  Well, last week was the week!  I called Complete and spoke to Dean, who I've used in the past for chip and crack repair.  Within a few short days I got a call back from Jason, the owner, they had the replacement glass in and I'm on the road like new!  They handled 100% of the insurance papers and everything!  Highly recommend this team!
5	Very impressed with Complete Auto Glass!  I had a chip in my front windshield from a recent trip and Jason did a fantastic job fixing the problem.  The cost of the service was VERY reasonable.  So I didn't have to contact insurance to make a claim.  I called at about 8:30AM and Jason came to my house by 11:30AM.  He came to my house at no additional charge.  And he was very courteous and professional.  Great job!
5	I am so impressed.  They were able to do a window replacement for $100 cheaper than anywhere else.  It only took about an hour as well!  They have wifi, coffee, tea, M&Ms, magazines and even a kid's kit of things to do.  Very hospitable.While I was waiting, another customer walked in to get a chip repaired.  He was able to help her as well as me and still beat the hour I was estimated.  When he took my car into the garage, he looked it over and brought me in to point out that part of my headliner was gouged.  He just wanted to let me know it was there in case I later thought it was him.  I totally appreciate these types of precautions and alleviates any hassles later on.I can not say enough good things about my experience.  I might just punch another hole in my window just to go back.  Well...maybe not, but you get the point.
5	These guys are locally owned and amazing. I don't completely recommend using them for all of your auto glass needs new cars or old cars, customer service is outstanding. At one point I showed up very last minute call my my way home with the big dingin my windshield and they got me in right away you can't ask for better people. Don't waste your time going to the big-name guys when complete auto glass is in your backyard!
5	They were amazing! Cost was half of what dealership was and I had no trouble getting in quickly. They did an amazing job and I highly recommend them!
