5	The food is so awesome and the staff is so friendly and you'll have a wonderful experience at this restaurant it's definitely one to try in fountain Hills you won't regret it.
5	The food has greatly improved so much I love it there every one there are so friendly and the chef Charlie is always coming up with new items for guest to try the Sunday brunch is AL ways a hit they have a wonderful salad bar and there breakfast buffet is always served hot and fresh
5	Listen up Fountain Hills and those traveling through to Rio Verde or hiking the McDowells: You need to stop here and grab a bite to eat! Say you are in for an early morning bike ride or and you are ready to have brunch afterwards--it is right off the major bike path and enjoy their delicious breakfast with an assortment to please..Or even lunch after Church? The pizza is a smoking' deal, the crust is great and the atmosphere super comfy. Monday foot ball is Italian with peppers and Brats with sauerkraut, and the TV will have football! Friday is Guiness battered Fish FRY--Yes all of you midwestern folk--Come and Geti it! Live guitar playing will start this Friday! So pass on the same old long wait at the Fountain and forget the other guy on Palisades, this place is  the next hit!Any other day there are an assortment of sandwiches and of course, PIZZA!PS: A Groupon is currently available
3	We decided to try Mojo's  and purchased a "groupon"....Went tonight, a Friday night, and  our table needed to be cleaned off from the previous customers, and our wait time was longer than we would like.  Other than these two negatives, the overall experience was good, and our server Chris, was very nice and pleasant.  Our Pizza was fresh and we could taste that the entire pizza had been hand made with fresh ingredients.  The sauce was outstanding as well as the cheese!  We would go again, if they could speed up the service time, or perhaps offer some kind of bread and sauce to keep you from chewing on your arm while you wait for your dinner.
4	We have been here twice and we intend to go back.  The first time, my daughter and I split a pizza and my son had a sandwich.  All of the food was incredible.  The next time we went we had burgers and although they were good, they were a bit too thick.  They took a long time to prepare and then were a bit underdone.  I highly recommend having the pizza, it is one of the best I have ever eaten.  The sandwiches are also good, and the burgers would be good if they were a bit smaller.
3	The pizza used to be very good here from what I've heard but I guess they changed something about it. It wasn't very good at all when I ordered it. I also got a meatball sub and all the meatballs were a little cold even after the waitress said multiple times that they had JUST come out of the oven, there's no way in the world that was true. It wasn't the worst of places but certainly won't be going back. They said that they are famous for their meatballs but they really just aren't that great.
5	NY/NJ Italian comes to Fountain Hills!Best NY Style pizza in Arizona!!  Under new Ownership! Run don't walk to the great little Neighborhood Gem!!!!
5	SO good!
4	My family and I went here for dinner and it was great! We have been driving by it for months and finally stopped in. We got the caprese appetizer, garlic knots, margharita pizza, cheese pizza, and a calzone.  Everything was awesome. The actual restaurant is adorable and the owners son Vinny is a wonderful person. I hope this place sticks around!
5	This great little pizza and pasta place has a new owner as well as the BEST pizza in town. We had the NY style thin crust with extra cheese and it was amazing. The price is right for good quality pizza with real, fresh mozzarella cheese. They have other great Italian dishes as well. We tried the Antipasti salad and loved it. The owners son Vinny is very friendly and accommodating. They also have a nice bar area with big TVs for sports fans. They are family friendly and you feel like their family when you come here. We'll come back next time we're in town!
4	I just had dinner here with my wife.  We started with ice teas (didn't see it listed on the menu), fresh tasting and served quickly.  I had the lasagna, one of the best I've ever had!  The couple at the table next to us saw it and said how good it looked and the gentleman decided to also order it.  My wife had the eggplant parm, she liked it and said while it wasn't greasy it was just a tad dry but good.  Both dinners came with salad and bread.  The salads were very good, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, black olives with a choice of three dressings.  The bread was the only real downside of the meal, warm but tasteless.  No room for dessert but we will be back.  I saw the pizzas being ordered by other tables and they looked good and I didn't see any leftovers at those tables!The two young guys serving the tables while we were there were very attentive to all the customers and very friendly.  Both thanked us and wished us a good evening as we left.I would not hesitate to recommend Mojo's as a place to dine at.
5	New Owner !!!  And it is wonderful..It's a family affair. .And we wish them all the best ..!! Wonderful addition to FH..My husband has lunch here at least 3 times a week and always Great..!!!
4	Growing up in NY, I know pizza. This place has great pizza. Authentic. Jimmy the owner is super nice and was genuinely interested in what we thought of the food. I recommend you go for the pizza. One of the two best in Arizona.
5	We went here today for a late snack and a drink. Very surprised at the high quality of food. They make pizza dough from scratch and boy you can tell the difference.  Had pizza, took lasagna home and had cannoli that was the best I have ever tasted.Place is a Gem. Owner had very successful restr in Mesa. they are still building the wine menu and martinis and open to suggestions. family Italian family restr that knows what it should be. Try it.
5	The NEW Mojo's... NEW Ownership.. thank God !  So great to have such a good restaurant so close by.  Outstanding Chicken Parmesan and Lasagna.. The Pizza was very good also.. fresh made from scratch dough.. The owners son is one of chefs and is culinary Institute trained.  Svobatelli.. I sure hope I spelled that right.. just come close and they'll know ..  WONDERFUL little clam shaped, flaky pastry with a mascarpone cheese filling that has a hint of lemon.. Absolutely delightful with the chocolate drizzle and powdered sugar..  speaking of powdered sugar.. Order the Zeppoli's.. OMG.. not since walking down Broad St. in Manhattan have I had such Zeppoli's... So simple but so yummy..  Very Reasonable prices.. Very good service and great decor.. made me feel like a real neighborhood Italian Eatery in NY/NJ.  They're building their wine list... This location has seen many restaurants come and go in short time..  This place is so good.. it has got to stay...  We're doing our part.. we've eaten there 4 times in the last 2 weeks.. (plus take out pizza)  what can I say.... we're fans for sure..
5	We are so grateful to have an authentic family owned and operated New York little Italy style restaurant here in Fountain Hills.We had to wait 16 years for this to happen. We come from Brooklyn, just returned from a trip there and found Mojo's as good if not better than any local neighborhood Italian restaurant there. They have real veal parm, not the typical AZ pattys. Their lemoncello/mascarpone pie will knock you out of your seat. Can't wait to get through the whole menu, their pizza is real deal, not the typical high priced personal size. You will absolutely be pleasantly surprised.
5	This was our first time at this resturant and we were not disppointed.   Our waiter was vinny and his serve was above and beyond.  We had just returned from a trip from cabo and my husand really wanted a pepsi.  All you can get in cabo is coke.  Mojos also serves coke but vinny offer to run next door and get us a pepsi.  What great serve and with a smile.  The food was very good and the prices were reasonable.   We will certainly go back.
5	Love the white pizza!
5	Great service, friendly staff, and great food! I had the mozzarella bread-- it was very fresh mozzarella, and my friend's pizza looked terrific. Will be back!
2	Thought we would try this place, they have new owners and they are originally from Jersey. The side salad with 2 huge slices of tomato, red onions and about 1/4 cup of olives made with nutritious romaine lettuce was a hit at only $3.50.. So were the endless cups of soft drinks for only $1.50... We decided to try the pizza, but well it was very very salty not sure if the salt came from the sauce or the cheese but way to salty also very very greasy, we used three napkins to get all the grease off just one slice of pizza...Not a favorite place for pizza, nice and thin like NY but way to salty to eat.  there are much better places to go for non-salty pizza... We will come back and try the pasta and other dishes, but for the cheese pizza we will not return...way way way to salty.
1	We called in to have a pizza delivered and we were told the delivery guy called off. No problem, we will pick up. Thirty minutes we were told. We came in thirty minutes later to be told the kitchen was a little backed up, it will be another five minutes. We sat down and waited, and waited, and waited. 30 minutes went by. At no time did anyone offer us an explanation as to what was taking so long. Finally, a customer walked back in, returning a pizza. I knew right away what happened. They gave our pie to the wrong guy! We went up to the counter and confronted the gal. She admitted that it was her fault, and that they were making us a fresh pie. Why not tell us that up front? We would have ordered a drink and waited. In the end, no attempt to appease with a discount on our next order. In fact, the gal got kind of snippy with us when we confronted her. The pie was good when we got it home, but they should have been honest with us from the beginning. They should have attempted to take care of us while we waited, or offered us something on the back end for our troubles. Completely mishandled!
5	I signed up for Yelp! because I was so blown away by Mojo's white pizza(plus mushrooms and chicken)  that I HAD to get an account and let the world know its greatness.  Not only is the service extremely welcoming, prompt and friendly but the prices are out of this world as well.  It's places like Mojo's that make you wish there was a 6th star to highlight in the reviewing process!  If you haven't tried Mojo's yet, its time!  We will definitely be back soon, and often!
5	Took a trip out to Fountain Hills and decided that I was in the mood for some pizza. I came across Mojo's and I was not disappointed! Even though pizza is one of my favorite foods, I tend to be picky about my pie but this place has to be one of the greatest pizza places I have ever been to! It's hard to places with genuine NY pizza and I got it here! Fresh toppings with a great tasting crust. In addition to having a pizza I also ordered a salad which was fresh and tasty as well. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to have a delicious meal in a friendly environment. I will definitely be returning soon!
5	Mojo's white pizza with chicken and mushrooms ticked my entire family to the core!  So much so that I created a Yelp! Account to alert the fountain hills and surrounding area's citizens that they need to go and see for themselves.  Not only was the service extremely welcoming and prompt, but the menu items are dirt cheap with sky high quality!  We all know how rough summers can be around here, let's help Mojo's get a chance to show everyone their greatness!
5	Great Pizza,  I would rank there pizza in the top 5 in the valley.  Great customer service.  Have ordered several times in the last 2 months and even when they made a mistake the more then corrected the problem.  Thanks Keep up the Great Pizza
2	Disappointed and we will not be back.  We thought we would give MoJo's another try.  I called and spoke to the lady on the phone.  I asked about the ravioli and lasagna entrees.  She said you get only 5 jumbo ravioli in the entree and last week when I called the man said there were 8 not sure who is correct.  She also stated the lasagna dinner was enough to feed two people.  I asked about the salt and said the pizza was almost inedible last time because it was too darn salty and she said the chef makes the sauce in the morning and a new batch a sauce can not be made for a customer. so much for the customer is always right.  So, the lasagna was awful not enough to feed one person very very thin not even one inch thick and inedible way way way too salty. The frozen lasagna in the grocery section tastes better and is way thicker without the added salt. The pizza was also inedible and way way way too salty, I threw it away.  I really expected this place to taste better and have better quality of food.  There pasta is NOT made from scratch they buy it, this might make a difference.  Maybe the chef can learn that lots of salt does not add but take away taste. The off cuff comment from the hostess about making a new batch of sauce for customers was odd and pretty much tells you, this place they do not really care about the customer or there concerns.  Maybe one day, Mojo's will be worth the drive but not right now unless you like over salty inedible low quality store bought pasta...I am not a fan
5	I love Mojo's! The food is clearly made fresh and in ample portions. My friend and I went and were able to split the lasagna between us quite easily. It was clearly made from scratch and reminded me of home. For dessert we got a cannoli that like the lasagna was delicious and quite big, well worth the calories! All in all we were more than satisfied and will definitely be back. Great food, fun atmosphere and good looking guys for the trifecta girls night out!
5	I love Mojo's! I live in FH and it is hard to find places I really enjoy with a vegetarian diet. They are very flexible on their menu. They've made me yummy cheese-less veggie pizzas and the eggplant parm wedges without cheese are to die for! They've also made us spaghetti eggplant (instead of meatball) with eggplant in little pieces. I could eat here everyday if I could afford it! The hours in the summertime are wonky because fh is so slow during the summer. Can't blame them for that.
3	Born in NY and raised in NJ so I think I know pizza.Until tonight the only thing I have tried was their pizza.and it is always great! Great crust and reminds me of the east coast.Eventually I'll try some of their sandwiches because they hit it out of the park with their pizzas.Unfortunately I tried the breaded mushrooms tonight.Over breaded,mushy and just plain awful! The mushrooms tasted like they were way past their prime.It was a togo order and the ranch dressing included with my shrooms was placed in the container with my shrooms and was hot by the time I got it.Nobody wants warm ranch dressing,maybe consider packaging the dressing separately....or not offer breaded fried mushrooms on the togo menu because they arrive mushy .
4	Best pizza in fountain Hills.  I've lived here for 25 years and this is the best pizza place since the old Volare's.. The zeplolis were delicious. I've also had the lobster raviolis on a separate occasion and it was great.
1	The first couple of times there the food was great. I ordered a pizza to go, and when I got home it was burnt. it was too much trouble to go back and get a new one so we threw it out. I decided to give them another chance and ordered a pizza again. I was told it would be ready in 35 minutes. After going to pick it up 40 minutes later, I had to sit and wait another 30 minutes.  I was told that the dining room got busy and they had a lot of orders for pizza. I guess dining in takes priority over take out. I will NEVER go there again.
5	You have to go here.  Pizza melts in your mouth.  I will go back
3	Saw the sign out of the corner of my eye on my way down Fountain Hills Blvd one day. Decided to give it a try. Read the reviews here on Yelp first, of course.The pizza was really quite good. The sauce was fabulous and had great taste - the cheese was plentiful, and the price point was good. The crust was a little chewier than I usually like it, but I will definitely go again! In their defense, we ordered our pizza at an 'off' hour - it was like 4 or 4:15 in the afternoon. Or maybe that's what you do with New York pizza!? Either way, we'll definitely go back. Location is convenient and we did love the pizza!(UPDATE a few hours later - they Messaged me and told me to ask for a crispier crust next time and they'll accommodate. Awesome! I love Yelp!)
4	Yay for being able to tell them to make the crust crispier!Meant to update this on Saturday when we ordered again - apologizes to the Yelp gods.I love their sauce and this is definitely my new favorite pizza spot! Will be back soon.... partly because we are boring and never do anything new and different, but mostly because it was really good.Hmmmm - maybe we'll dine in one night and try something other than pizza . . .
4	Ordered again on Monday and forgot to update. Last 2 orders have been pepperoni pizza. This time we changed it up and got sausage pepperoni. gasp... yeah, we lead a dull lifeI gotta say we LOVE that it's sliced sausage instead of those little meat blobs that may or may not be hamburger, you can't be sure. So much better taste when you get the sliced sausage.Not disappointed at all! Love this pizza. So glad it's near our house!
4	My wife and I enjoyed a great lunch here yesterday. Good fresh salads and shared a mushroom, onion, arugula pizza with a balsamic reduction. It was excellent with great crust. Thank you.
