2	It's old and smells off!  Always have to wait in long lines to check out AND NO SELF CHECK OUT!  Never been impressed with Basha but this is one of their low end stores.
4	Very good customer service, place was spotlessly clean, wide aisles.  Really nice store.   I have to admit, I was somewhat surprised by this.  I guess I shouldn't be, as I never shop at Bashas.  I will definitely go back to this one.
4	I visited this store as an out-of-town visitor and was a little annoyed to find that they have a loyalty program where you must be a member to get the discounts they mark on in-store products. (We have no Bashas in OR as far as I know.) However, the cashier was nice and put my purchases on someone else's account, which was very kind.Overall, I found it well stocked and pleasant to visit with acceptable pricing and personable, helpful employees.
2	Went here because they were selling ground chuck for $1.99 a pound and wanted to stock up. Did notice the parking lot was packed so I thought it must be OK inside. WRONG! It said they were in the process of renovating the store so I let a few things slide. What really stuck out to me was the fact that the place seemed cluttered and unorganized. The butter was near the beer while the bread was all the way on the other side of the store. Also when the employees stand there and make  loud and nasty comments about customers that should tell you something right there.I spoke to someone in customer service and they seemed unfazed, like oh well!! I know if someone was talking crap about my grandma I would be taking care of that issue myself. I do not shop at this chain and for good reason. Over priced and the stores always seem to be dirty. I suggest saving your money and going some where they really act like they want your business.
1	Terrible terrible selection! It's like a west side circle k. All I wanted was Philadelphia Cream cooking cheese. Nope. Also no help in the store to even ask if they had it or direct me to the right place. Absolutely horrible they need to shut down and open a frys or walmart there hell a food city would be better!
2	I go here all the time since its the closest store to where I live.  That being said, their prices are not great, the store is VERY run down, and their produce is worse than Walmart.  With so many good Fry's grocery stores close by - why do I always end up here?!I do want to mention the customer service isn't bad.  Just not the place you wanna bring your wife and little baby to...
2	On average this store is more expensive then Safeway or Fry's. Examples. Afrin Nose Spray 2/3 fl oz bottleBashas' $8.19Safeway $5.99Fry's $6.27Aquafina 1L sizeBashas' $1.99Safeway $1.09Fry's $1.19
