4	Been eyeing this one bag and surprise surprise, they have two left! Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Great selection but I was just informed that the US collection is made in US and not France. Sigh....so their prices is definitely a lil lower compared to Gucci, Dior, Chanel, etc.
3	I might be the only guy to write about LV, but who cares, it's good shit.  Well at least the EPI line is for guys, the rest can be sent to the moon for all I care.  Some people don't understand why someone would pay $500 for a wallet when you can get the same thing of lesser quality for $5 or for free somewhere else.  When it comes to leather goods, LV is one of the best, and I don't mind paying a premium every now and then (within budget of course) for something I know is functional and will last me basically forever (then again, I have grown quite fond of TUMI goods....).The LV in Caesar's has been remodeled twice and is kind of a weak layout in my opinion.  It may look big from the outside, but it's pretty small inside.  They don't stock anything out of the ordinary like the one at the Wynn (much better!).  The staff I think is what really separates the stores, and I haven't really had any good experiences with the people here.  However, the Forum shops offer so much, it's only fitting that LV has a store amongst them.
5	there is this guy who works at this store who is just amazing. he's real attentive and pays attention and recognizes each person's preferences in hand bags. i thought that was pretty awesome. after spending about 1 hour in the store, two hand bags were purchased. both were speedy's. one of them is the standard white and grey checkered box print while the other is the demi, black canvas with dark chocolate brown LV monogram throughout. they are real cute purses. the total, it was about $1400.  i thought about purchasing a tie for walter from here. he didn't see anything that he particularly liked. maybe next time he'll take more of a look. the guy who was helping me continuously complimented me on my fashion sense and on how sensible i was being in the purchase that was being made. he seemed impressed. the one bag that he showed me that i still can't get out of my head is one that is made of a beautiful snowy white leather, studs along the metallic framed corners, and a variety of different pockets and closures. i love it. the only problem is that is was $3700. who knows. the employee was awesome. the security guard was real friendly. the floor was spotless and there wasn't a single finger print on the glass cases. it was like being in a museum. so pretty. everything was in its place. SO PERFECT
3	I was here a few months ago buying a cherry-red Monogram Vernis bag that I've been lusting after.  I'm not a big fan of the Monogram Canvas or Multicolore lines, but I do like the Vernis.  The "Pomme d'Amour" color really pops on the patent leather!  It'll be a great four-season bag.As for the store itself...oh, you know....it's an LV boutique in a mall.  That means it's smaller than a flagship, and it's crowded as hell.  Shopping here is not terribly special.  The woman who helped me was pleasant enough, but had limited command of the English language.  In all, it was a surreal experience.
3	There's nothing here that you couldn't find at any other LV store. However, it's crazy crowded, and I didn't find the SAs to be that helpful.
1	Woe to the unknowing tourists who step foot in the Caesar's Shoppes LV store: the sales assistants are hella snobby here. I've been to LV San Francisco, Bal Harbor, New York, and found Las Vegas's sales assistants to be quite rude to the point of astonishment. Mind you, I wasn't dressed like a scrub, I figure looking like a Japanese tourist would have given me some points -- nope!After waiting expectantly near the display counters, I had to flag this disinterested Asian sales assistant to hunt down a damier Speedy 30 bag. After he plunks it down for me to inspect, he asked: "So...how many Louis Vuittons do you own?" Uh....does that matter? I decided to be honest and tell the truth: "Just one but I plan to grow my collection. I have the  pochette and, on the side, I have a Marc Jacobs venetia bag I love."He stares down at me: "Marc Jacobs DOESN"T COUNT."Realllly? Despite the fact he's LV's creative director? Wow. Talk about dissing your own company's top designer. Congratulations.Says I: "Well, he is their creative designer and alot of his designs criss cross."  Urgh. I had my personal Julia Roberts / Pretty Woman moment in Caesars of all places. The SA was clearly uneducated about Louis Vuitton's catalogue -- I had to correct him after another tourist asked him about the summer pattern of  another Speedy bag I had looked at earlier-- yeah, that's right its DAMIER AZUR mister.  After my personal experience, it wouldn't matter if I had won a million dollars in black jack, I wouldn't spend any of it at Louis Vuitton Vegas. As Julia Roberts said, "Big mistake!"
3	I give this LV 5 stars for visit #1 and 0 stars for visit #2, the following day.when I first entered the store to browse, I was dressed for the evening in a beautiful, simple dress and amazing shoes.  the next thing I knew, I had four salespeople bringing me clothing and heels.  I made an astronomical purchase.  the next day, when I returned to visit a piece I was considering, I was dressed down for the daytime.  no salespeople approached me.  I looked at the gown I had been seriously hoping to buy, then walked due to the disinterest of the staff, who took inventory of my clothing before mentally dismissing me.  big mistake.  I took my cash to Chanel instead.
3	I'm simply not a huge fan of LV bags etc, so I just can't bring myself to rate them higher...  but a good friend is... so I accompanied her on her shopping expedition.She picked up the LV dog tags necklace and I gotta admit, it's pretty damn cute.     The salesperson who helped my friend was top notch, even when an older, significantly hairsprayed, overly made up woman barged in... rudely interrupting my friends questions about her prospective purchase and yelled at the salesperson ....  "Excuse ME, I'm here to pick up my bag!"We all looked at each other in a brief moment of disbelief before our salesperson gently excused herself for a moment, was VERY polite to this obnoxious tart....finding someone to help her...   and then slyly looked at us upon return and said "yea, like I should know who she is."LOVE her.  Give that girl a raise.
1	piece of shit LV shop. they had falsely advertise the price of a scarf that my mom wanted to purchase. there excuse was that they did a price adjustment and this item apparently wasn't adjusted. i was already going to purchase the item for $410. and then i realized that the item was a bit defective. the guy went inside to get another scarf and found a new one. the only problem is that the new price was $450. he wanted me to pay $450 for the exact same price when it was priced @ $410. WTF? kiss my ass. the manager came and said she couldn't honor the price. so i asked for her card and asked for the corporate number. i also took a picture of the price tag. consumer report here i come.
5	I was looking for a huge wallet to fit all my receipts and ended up here at LV. This place is nice but not too much selection showed. The sales people are friendly too. After looking at the wallet I had to purchase a purse that would go with it...lol...im such a sucker for bags...lols..Anyways to end this short I purchased a Monogram Vernis Amarante Zippy Organizer and a Rosewood Amarante handbag. With all the excitement, i didnt even look at the receipt when i left.When I got home from the trip i decided to look at the receipt. They had charged me 2 handbags instead of just one. So I immediately went to the LV at the Beverly Center and informed them of the situation. The salesperson was very nice and was able to help me. He ended up calling the LV @ the Wynn hotel and everything was settled. They immediately credited my credit card for the mistake.
5	This is my favorite Louis Vuitton store on the Strip.  Biggest selection, and they have the most employees.  I shopped here twice on past visits, and the associates were always helpful and accommondating; even if I was browsing.Oh and if you guys didn't know, the sales associates in this particular Louis Vuitton don't get paid on commission, so they really have no incentive to approach or not approach you based on how you are dressed.
4	Drunk twenty-somethings like to video tape their vacations in Vegas, it helps them remember what the heck they did while they were there. Our group of 20+ was no different. When we split into smaller groups, guys and gals, and while the boys went to the tables to learn how to play craps, we girls headed out shopping, yard-long margaritas in hand, toting our video camera, film rolling (well. digital, but you know what I mean)Imagine our dismay when we entered this store and were told we could not video tape our experiences in the store. Why? Well clearly to deter knock-offs of their merchandise being made, but honestly, they're already made. A couple of girls drunk off their butts wanting to video tape their vacation aren't in here to knock your stuff off, we're just here for a good time. So we shut down our filming and meandered through the store. They have some great stuff, great quality, with great big prices that we can't afford as we spent all our money on booze ;)
5	My favorite Louis Vuitton boutique! I am surprised I haven't written a review yet. They have lots of selection, many SAs around the store, and by far are the best SAs at a Louis Vuitton boutique that I've been to. I came there on three occassions, once with my mom and the SA helped my mom find a nice bag from their Epi line and that took an hour. The second time I was with myself and purchased an Abbesses messenger and a billfold wallet and was helped by a SA, she was very helpful and compared other messenger bags and helped me find the right one. The third time I was there, I went to get my sunglasses' screws tightened and the SA showed me some of the new pieces that came in and did not pressure me into buying anything which was a plus for me. I've experienced pushy SAs trying to make me buy things they were showing me but the SA was very understanding that I was there for a small repair for my sunglasses and I was wanting to see some new pieces from their collection. When I want to get some Louis Vuitton, I always hope that service would be good as this location. If I'm ever in Vegas, I make sure I come here.
5	This place is like heaven. Not only is this my favorite Louis Vuitton boutique because it is in Vegas, but the people who work here are the nicest people ever. Definitely nicer than the people at the Hollywood and Highland store. I've commemorated two past trips to Vegas by purchasing Louis bags here but this time I was hesitant to enter. I went in after my BF practically dragged me in.  I was not expecting to buy a Louis on this particular trip due to our trip to the Coach store in Vegas earlier that morning. But my very generous BF insisted we go in "just to check it out." I had been eyeing a Damier mongramed canvas Louis for months, but with a $650 price tag, it was a purchase I was rather hesitant to make. My bf asks where the bag is and just as I am telling him that I don't see it, a sales associate approaches us and says "Oh we have that. Its just put away, but let me show it to you." As she brings it out of the heavenly butter colored dust bag, I look over at my BF with tortured eyes as the sales lady insists I try it on. I try it on and its beauty was overwhelming. Just as I am sadly ready to put the bag back, my Bf is looking at the larger version of the bag that I wanted and announces that he brought me here to buy it for me. I almost pass out and the sales ladies quickly bring me a glass of water and an ottoman to sit down. He buys me the large Damier monogram canvas tote with a ridiculous price tag and a satisfied smile on his face. I gave this LV five stars, one for service, one for it being open late for those late night shopping trips, one for it being at the Forum Shops, one for them letting me bring in my footlong margarita, and one for the fantastic memories I have here.
1	i hate this one. i only walk in here to see whats new. the sales people here are stuck up and they dont care about the customer. i would rather buy at the wynn....i will go all the way to wynn and buy with them before i give this place business.i know forum gets alot of traffic and people come in and out of here all the time... but damn.. do ur freakin job. lazy asses man!
4	I give this Louis Vuitton Five Stars just because three different sales associates approached me.  This place is nice, I got many friendly smiles, they even showed me one of the latest bags that was encased in a glass display.  During this last visit, I didn't purchase anything, just browsed, I went to the Louis Vuitton at Wynn instead and bought from them.  In the past, from this Louis Vuitton boutique I've purchased a Multicolore Speedy 30 and a Multicolore Trouville both in white.  Both times, received good customer service.
3	Eugine "Guchcub" Y. would be proud. Louis Vuitton is his steez.Although the help here wasn't the greatest on my initial visit, I returned the next day to find better help. The first dude that helped me out acted like he had more important things to do. He didn't try to sell me on anything, just gave me the price and proceeded to do something else.I left this spot and went to the bigger, two story Louis Vuitton store located at Crystals shopping area at the City Center. Although that location is bigger & has a lot more of LV varieties, it didn't have the product I specifically wanted. It was apparently sold out at that location. Side note: the girl who helped me there was awesome. I would've gladly bought something from her rather than le douche' at the Forum spot.I relunctantly returned to the Forum shops the following day. This time, I approached a sales lady who was more than happy to help me out. About ten minutes later, I was sold. Sometimes a little persuasion, friendly and prompt service can go a long way. I'm glad my commission (if they receive it) went to someone else who deserved it. So remember, although you may already be sold on a product, don't give credit to the lazy bum who did nothing for you. Buy from someone who actually helped you out and smiled throughout the transaction.Don't trip, I won't rock the L.Vuitton stunna shades at night or in a club. If I do, I promise to sock my own eye out for attempting to be a douche bag. That's just not my style.
3	Nice new Louis Vuitton at the city center. 3 floors I believe. They have ready to wear. Their staff was very nice. All in all I would reccomend it.
1	The service in this LV store was lackluster. I walked in asking if they had the Neverfull because I didn't see it out. All I was told was that they were sold out. They didn't even bother to check to see if another store in Las Vegas had it or if they could get one sent from somewhere else.Speaking of soldout, this store should request more stock or something. They only had one of the purses I was interested in, in stock and it wasn't even the right size. And to be honest it didn't seem like they had that much selection available.
1	Poor customer service. I'm local and everytime I've entered this store, I've felt that the employees could care less about the customer.I've inquired about the luggage before, and the associate answered me with "You can find the price online."I'm sorry, what makes you different from the other 7 Louis Vuittons here in Las Vegas within a 3 mile radius of each other? Yeah.. So next time I want something Louis, I'll just order online.
5	If this is for Caesar's Palace, GREAT SELECTION. I don't really browse the bags (because everyone thinks they're so boss with them, they're overrated, I go for the luggage) but the bikinis and dresses they had in MY size! Can you believe that? It's bigger than Gucci, but then again, most people want an LV than a GG, especially tourists. I always return.
3	A nice store with great, quality items and a pretty friendly staff.  The layout is okay, but not necessarily that impressive...this is one of the smaller stores and not a flagship so not all items are available here, although one can find most of the items one would expect here.
3	This is the LV store at the Forum shops. I have only browsed here, but I can say that the salespeople are generally helpful and nice.
1	This store has the Worst Customer Service of any LV store, that I have ever been into. I was on vacation with my family and I told my wife she could buy a new purse if she wanted one. My wife was pretty excited and decided to go look for a purse after the kids finished swimming. We were dressed pretty casually and there are a lot of people dressed for the extravagant night life there. As soon as my wife walked through the door the two sales women gave her a dirty look. My wife owns several LV and Burberry bags, but while on vacation she wears a backpack. She does not want to damage her nice bags. My wife was so appalled that she turned around and walked out. She was very upset at the way they were glaring at her and trying to size her up. They were so busy judging her that they did not even notice her Rolex.I do not understand why sales people are so rude. These people are so quick to judge. Why spend so much money in a place where they treat you like crap? Normally we buy purses at the LV store in Maui where they are very helpful. I would not go back to this store they are just too rude and full of themselves.
3	Mom came in to look at bags and I came in to see what other styles this location carried to see whether I would exchange the bag I got as a gift.The store is clean and was busy with lots of customers. The lady who assisted my mom was showing her all kinds of styles and even said that she can bring them to the mirror so that she could see it for herself. I think they could only show a certain amount of bags at a time since she kept asking my mom if she was finished looking at the bag she currently had on.Overall, service was ok. I feel that the associates prejudge the customers who come into the store based on what each customer is wearing or carrying, as do most of the high end stores in Ceasar's.
2	This Louis Vuitton store had a great layout and was located in a great area; however, I felt the sales associates here to be very arrogant and snobbish.  The sales associates in the San Francisco store were far more personable and knowledgeable than the ones here and had no attitude.  The arrogance of the associates made it very unpleasant to shop here, so I decided to go next store to the Gucci store where I bought a few items for family members with the help of their sales associates who were far better,
3	The biggest Louis Vuitton store in North America! Every girl loves her Louie, but I definitely wouldn't get anything engraved here. We came in and wanted to get a duffle bag tag engraved. They told us the guy that does it doesn't come in until 6 so we can come back at 6:30. Well we came back at 7 and they said it wouldn't be done until 8.Super disappointed because we were on a crunch to get to downtown Vegas so we ended up not picking it up until the next morning.
5	I always say I can cheat on louie V. But I'll always come back to him!!!!!!Best times , great service. Dropped 3k here for my birthday, got sick ass heels n a limited bag! Love it & will be back!!
5	The Forum Shops at Caesar's are just beautiful. I've never been into a LV store, nor do I own any of their pieces.  Dressed casually, I wandered in. I was greeted by at least three people; other people were shopping at the counters.  I looked at some of the handbags, but didn't ask they bring them down, as I knew I was just "looking." I did end up buying a lock and key to appease myself in anticipation of someday owning one of these fine handbags.  Since I didn't win in Las Vegas, I will be putting off that handbag purchase for another year or two. I'm also a Rebecca Minkoff fan.I have to say though, that the S.A. were very gracious and the store is maintained in an excellent and beautiful manner.
5	My boyfriend decided to spoil me and buy me a new Louis Vuitton purse since I'm such a WONDERFUL and AMAZING girlfriend.. haha just kidding.. well not really ;ppp  Walking into the store I had a few in mind that I picked out from online but actually seeing the purse in person is so different. We were helped by a very pleasant sales associate named Aimee. She was very knowledgeable, friendly and she wasn't pushy at all. She showed me all the purses I was interested in and gave me her honest opinion. I went in thinking I was dead set on a specific purse but she helped me change my mind and it was definitely for the better.. I ended up getting the Speedy Bandouliere in the LV monogram in size 30 (the leather strap is worth the extra $$$).. And I couldn't be happier with it.. While finalizing my sale a few Korean tourists fell in love with my purse and wanted to get 1 too but I got the last one sooo BOOOYA haha If they don't have the purse you want they will call around and ask for you.. There are 6 LV stores in Las Vegas so you're bound to find your perfect purse at one of the locations. Anyways they wrapped my purchase up all pretty and out the door I was on my happy way to lunch~ Love this location at the Forum Shops and thank you so much Aimee for all your help & of course thanks to my man hehe~ HOT TIP: Definitely keep your receipt: If anything goes wrong with your zipper they will repair it for you free of charge for the first 2 years and also if you find a defect in the stitching they will exchange your purse for you... But they say they 100% stand by their products so that shouldn't happen.
5	I visited Vegas in February for a conference and decided to shop a bit before my conference started.  I was so pleased with Louis Vuitton's service in this location.  Melissa T helped me out and she was extremely friendly, courteous, and professional.  Made my overall experience fantabulous!
5	I went to LV to try-on the Hortensia sunglasses. (I would have purchased them online, but I have never worn square sunglasses and was totally unsure of how they would look). Needless to say, I was nervous to invest the $620.00 (now add tax) sight-unseen. I popped into the boutique at the Forum (while we were in vacation), tried them on, and was soon greeted by a sales associate. She was total sweetheart. She said the glasses suited my face-shape and was wonderfully polite without an ounce of pressure. The glasses were so odd, that I set them back ... and regretted it the instant I arrived home. (And, purchased a few weeks later at the LV shop in Boston's Copley Square.)I know some people have felt uncomfortable shopping here ... but, it seems (to me) that they are warm and accommodating (but this may also reflect the specific staff there when I was shopping). Unlike even some moderately priced shops, there was not an iota of guilt (for "wasting" an associate's time without making a purchase or failing to buy the item one asked to view). I genuinely think they want a customer to be confident in his/her purchase ... and really, truly happy.I wish I could send the commission "some chick" made in Boston (for an easy-sale) to this woman. She's probably the reason I never forgot those glasses ... and simply had to have them. Love this Forum LV!
5	Came in to exchange a belt for a bigger size and was helped by Yisther.Even without the physical receipt she helped me find the order information and exchanged the belt for me.The store is bright, beautiful and filled with premium goods!
5	Excellent customer service. The store can get quite busy but  after waiting for an employee, she thoroughly helped us with what we needed (hot stamping on a previous day's purchase). She said it will take 3 hours but it was done in 40 minutes.
5	This LV store is in the Caesers Forum Shops.  It's a pretty large store, especially compared to the other ones on the Strip.I had been wanting a purse I first saw at the Incheon Airport in Korea, and they didn't have the color I wanted in Paris either, and low and behold, it's in the first display case here.  Gah.The saleslady was super nice.  I kept coming back while I was in Vegas and she was very patient and attentive to me.  I finally did go back to buy the purse after looking at a bunch of other ones and going back and forth on what I wanted to do. I've been to this store every time I'm in Vegas.  I've bought items several times.  The service is always impeccable and they have a large selection of items.  I usually end up finding things here I haven't seen in the other stores.
5	I've been coming here now for about 10 years and I still use the same salesperson and she is the best her name is chikako so if you ever go go see her she'll treat you well
5	Came here not to buy for myself..... (I personally am not an LV fan..I even sold my Speedy 30 coz EVERY SINGLE *insert whatever you want here* has it.)But to check out a kind of bag my cousin wants and to see how much it was...Lemme just say I didn't come as rich-lookingly dressed.. I was wearing Rainbow flip flops, short shorts and a tee.But... The service was impecable. The lady was very helpful; and even checked the catalog..(only to find out that the bag i was looking for is not available anymore).Great Service. No Snobs.
5	Love, love, love this LV store ! The people were very friendly and helpful, not snotty like you might find in other LV stores. The sales associate went out of her way to help me find the perfect wallet . Sssooo pleased with my purchase !
2	What can I say at least have better   service  I did spend 2k .... To bad Karen wasn't there she help us the week prior to buying the purse she's really nice .... The last who help was a bit boring and awkward didn't  really talk to us
5	Ryo you're AWESOME!! Definitely ask for him if you're coming to this store. He gives you his honest opinions, doesn't try to up sell you, and really goes out of his way to make you happy. I'm a pretty picky person and he made sure I was happy with my purchase. And I am (= I also called in to put something on hold and their service was great. Do this if you want something in a certain size, because they don't carry too many sizes of the same product, like belts. Even the security was nice here, haha. A really nice store in the Forum Shops at Caesers. Big selection, great service. There are so many on the strip, but I would come to this one.
1	This review is for the LV store in Cesars Forum. If I could give 0 stars I would. This went from DEFECTIVE  product to DAMAGED product in THEIR HANDS.  There is no accountability or sense of urgency. Not what you expect from a luxury goods company or for my 18 years of client loyalty. Everyone is nice when making their sale but what counts really is how they treat you when you have a issue.   This luxury line should stand for quality  on all levels starting with their employees. What prompt this long review is the lack in quality making this bag, their damaging of it during repair plus the poor customer service during entire process. They still have my purse with no update. I want my purse back undamaged- new or same one.  I want to love this company because of my heavy investment.  I want to believe this will never happen again. My story:Purchased a purse here summer  2013 because I wanted a light, small, hands free purse to use in Vegas. Now,  fast fwd to my recent vacation in July 2014 I walked back in to shop and to point out the fact that the gold hardware  is fading to silver. Now this Eva purse has only been used several time and owned less than 1 year.  When I packed for this trip I litterally grabbed the duster bag encasing this purse out of my closet into my luggage.  While wearing it there I noticed a discoloation on the loop where the strap attaches and the zipper pull. This tarnish is a defect in product. I own key chains from LV that are 10+ years old that has not tarnish to this degree. They agree that that should not had happened. So here's where my frustration begins:-  The sales associate name Ryo asked that I come back when his repair specialist Melissa is in. We were there on vacation, leaving the next day. So we rearrange our departure.- Melissa called and said to drop off the purse so she can send it off to repair. When we went in to drop off the purse she wasn't there. Another associate took the purse and handed me a receipt showing the take in and issue.- 4 days later ( I'm at work and back in Ca) I get a call from Ryo saying that Melissa wants to know when I was dropping off the purse. What??!- Melissa called, saying they found it. Saying that corporate is not willing to pay, but the store will "eat the cost". Really? - 3 weeks later I get a call that repair is done and on its way to me.- I received my fedex box, open, inspect purse. The ring replacement took place but now the attaching leather is TORN!!!!! DID MELISSA NOT SEE THAT? My guess is this happened when they had to take the old ring off and add the new. Where was the quality inspection ?? - I called right away and spoke to a manager name Navid. He said he would email a shipping label next day and that he will take a look at it himself. - I had to call a few times the next day to finally get that email with label. I also replied back with my dissatisfaction.  Do you think I got a reply?  NOPE.- tracking shows the package was received at 9am so I called to speak to him at 6pm. He said he was waiting to speak to his store manager and that he would call me. This was Friday.- today is Tuesday. Still no call. - I am done dealing with that store. I just called their corporate now waiting on update.This entire experience is horrible.  Usually my shopping experience is pleasant with any LV store in both CA and NV.  Then again this really is the first time I've had an issue and I now  learned this is how I get treated.  At first my thought was I will stick to my Bloomingdale's in South Coast, Ca. That this location is the bad apple.  I am anxious to see how this will all unravel.  Will update soon.
4	I love this store. The product s great. But it seems like everyone working this store is superficial. I have come in and been welcomed like I was the Duchess of Cambridge. Last week I walked in with my girlfriend from Wisconsin wearing street clothes and I was not even welcomed nor offered a bottle of water like other visits. It saddens me but its the world we live in now. Again, everything they carry I like and wear but making your customers feel like Julia Roberts from Pretty Woman just lost you $5,000 in sales on just 1 purse.
5	Every year when I am in Vegas for a convention,  I make it a point to visit Lonna (sp?) at the Forum LV store.  I buy a bag every year when I come out,  I don't gamble or drink so this what I do in Vegas!!  I had my heart set on a particular bag that I had looked at the year before,  but didn't buy.  I had been thinking about it for a year.  I called to make sure Lonna was there and went in.  She actually gave me some sound advice not to buy the bag I had in mind and I ended up with the monogram Tivoli GM and I LOVE LOVE LOVE it.  Sadly,  she has to leave the country for a couple of months and she is not sure if she will have a spot at this store when she gets back.  LV would be crazy not to bring her back on,  I love this girl!
