5	Not only am I from California, I'm from San Francisco. I try not to be a food snob, I really do. I can grub on pizza, nachos, and fries and wash it down with a lite beer. But sometimes I just gotta have my foodie food, and most recently I got it at River Moon. The greek appetizer was generous and fresh, the halibut was beautifully done. But the cannolli was the best I've had. Pure rapture. We had the pleasure of meeting chef Josephine, and she's as warm and welcoming as she is talented. This is a great place, so good you might want to save it for a special event!
5	Hey, Sunday afternoon and I'm thinking what's for brunch?  River Moon Cafe!  Anyway, this is a tiny little place located basically in the middle of nuttin.  They have nice choices for brunch.  I opted to start with a nice glass of mimosa that was served with a yummy cinnamon pastry.  Next came super fresh fruit.  I picked huevos rancheros with chicken chili.  This was a nice break from the ordinary.
4	As good as this place is, it seems like once in a blue moon that i have talk to someone who has actually heard about River Moon Cafe.  What is also curious is the place is always packed, maybe its the same people always going just wearing different clothes or maybe my mind was waning.  The first time i went the Tex Mex rolls were recommended.  I have never tried such a concept so i gave it a whirl.  It wasn't the greatest appetizer ever but it was something different and worth the gamble as i left other desiring appetizers in my hand.   For entree, the fillet and the crab cakes were both winners.   On the dark side i wasn't crazy about the wasabi mashed potatoes.   Now I am a big fan of wasabi and mashed potatoes and was eager to try them, but was overwhelmed by the root.   Not sure why chefs try to mess with mashed potatoes so much, just like hamburger helper they do just fine by themselves.   Here are more reasons to grab an arm and head out for a moondance, BYOB, everything is made fresh to order, chef comes out often to check on customers, and they have prefix menu specials during the week.
1	Ok, I don't know where Tosca F. ate when she wrote that review, but it could not possibly have been this place. I actually trusted that review, and went here with my mom and my sister while I was in town. All three of us are TRUE foodies, and we had a very different opinion.Bleck, the food was so bad, we didn't even tell the server because it was so inherently flawed that we didn't see the point. Chicken was so salty that it tasted like canned tuna, and seafood that should have been tossed out a few days ago. All three of our meals where underwhelming, at best, disgustingly over-salted or spoiled at worst. The menu is all over the place with Italian, Asian and American "influences". I don't think that a place has to pick a focus to be a good restaurant, but at least a theme would help. I feel like they are trying to do a lot of things and the food turns out at a mediocre level. The only positive point was that the server was truly friendly; I will give them that. I feel bad because this is a part of town and a city that needs good restaurants, but I couldn't keep quiet. Don't waste your money here.
4	This is one of my favs. Tucked away on a quiet street near the Allegheny River. I'm a vegetarian and i've always enjoyed the meals there although they don't have a ton of choices. It's byob which makes this an inexpensive albeit unpretentious and elegant restaurant. Most of all, I enjoy the pace of the restaurant. Everytime i've gone, I spent about 2 hours there, dining slowly and enjoying. Afterwards, a walk to the river. Nice.
