5	Maybe healthy is not quite the right word for frozen yogurt, how about "healthier"?  As in healthier than the usual scooped ice creams of say Coldstone, Baskin Robbins, Ben & Jerry's, etc.  Nitpicking aside, shouldn't the review section be used to, I don't know, review the food that's served at said place?  What's the point of rambling about how bad frozen yogurt is for your health while saying absolutely nothing about the taste / quality / service / etc you experienced?  You might as well turn into a vegan or something and completely shun any and all junk food in existence.Let's ignore chitchat about ethics and get down to the food review shall we?  Golden Spoon is a pretty nifty place for a healthier alternative to some other ice cream places previously mentioned a couple of paragraphs up.  They have tasty frozen yogurt at reasonable prices.  I'd suggest trying 4 flavors in one cup since they have so many different variations to choose from (not to mention all the toppings you can pile on).  And let's face it, if you're heading into a place to stuff your face with some sort of ice cream, you probably know that it's not entirely healthy.  You probably need some common sense to figure that out though, which many people seem to lack these days.
3	It's dairy base. It's creamy for nonfat frozen yogurt.You pick your size, the flavor , then the many many toppings. It's about 3 dollars a cup w/ toppings...Their flavors change weekly, i think. Or monthly. I do like how the employees wash their hands each time b4 waiting on the customers. It's ok. good enough to satisfy the cravings.
1	Until this weekend I thought this particular location was okay.  I had gotten used to employees washing their hands here upon taking your order and I liked that.  Not this time.  After waiting a few minutes and finally yelling "Hello," to get whoever was in the back to come out front and serve me, a young girl comes out fixing her hair into a ponytail.  She proceeds to take my order, and I assume she is going to wash her hands.  NOPE.  Some might say it's just soft serve and she isn't actually touching the food product.  I might agree if I didn't see her thumb on the inside of my container.  Sorry, call me picky but I asked that she wash her hands and start over.  She tells me she usually does but the sink in front is not working.  What?!?  Anyways, she did go in the back and I heard water running, who knows, she probably faked it.  But at her second attempt I saw no fingers inside my container so I accepted it.  I need to use up my lasvegashalfoff.com coupons for this place so all future visits will be highly scrutinized.
1	I stopped by for the free 8 oz froyo today. I got the orange 50/50 w/mochi. They charged me $0.97 for the mochi. I asked for a lid and the guy said lids are not available for the free yogurt. I paid for the mochi so I think I should have been entitled a lid. The yogurt was ok. I didn't like the fact that it was not a self-serve joint. They had many flavors and since the line was long, I didn't want to hold up the line by asking for samples. I wanted strawberries and mochi but the guy already put mochi all over it.While waiting in line, I saw one of the workers drop a couple sour gummy worms into the topping container next to where it should be. He used his hand to pick em up and put them into the correct spot. I don't know where his hands have been. I wouldn't want to be the next person ordering sour gummy worms to top my froyo.
3	I give the place about a 3 1/2. I like u-swirl a little better. I had the cake batter/red velvet yogurt. For toppings I had cheesecake, strawberries and banana chips. the red velvet was so-so, the cake batter was excellent.  I prefer the self serve joints a little better. but this one was good
4	Nice selection of flavors. They seem to have more dry toppings then fruit toppings which they should have a balance. And A nice strawberry syrup would of been nice as well. Its cheaper than Yogurt land and U Swirl so thats a plus.
3	I go to Golden Spoon for frequently than any other frozen yogurt place for two reason (1) Promotions and (2) I think it might be the only frozen yogurt shop in NLV.. at least close to my house.Golden Spoon is nothing special if you're riding that frozen yogurt train. They rotate about 8 flavors daily, and have a wide selection of toppings. My fav is the fat free brownie. It gives you the cake and ice cream experience without the guilt.Like I mentioned, they're pretty good about promotions. They're on KSHP, Groupon and about once a week they send out text promos.It gets my seal of approval with 3.5 stars.
2	The Golden spoon isn't so goldy. Hate to give this place a bad review but I really didn't enjoy it at all. I think I prefer the self serve places where you put stuff in your cup you like and as much as you like. I kind of felt rushed to place my order and she ended up giving me chocolate mint instead of chocolate and it was awful tasting and way too much. After only one minute the whole thing started dripping everywhere and just wasn't enjoyable for me. Won't be back. Love U-Swirl a lot better.
4	I like this place. It's far cheaper than the self serve froyo places which is a plus. The staff is always accommodating and have never had a bad experience.
1	We were so hot and craving something cold so we decided to go to frozen yogurt. We drive 7 miles in the heat to find out that this place is closed. It should be taken off this list!
