4	Much better style frames than the bigger chains offer. I get my frames here and have my own eye doc put in the lenses.
4	I had a good experience purchasing my new sunglasses here - the lens shape wasnt correct the first time and they were both helpful in resolving the problem and understanding to my, admittedly, fussy nature when it comes to glasses. Friendly, knowledgeable and easy to deal with, i will shop here again.
2	This store has wonderful 'non-traditional,' dare I say 'cool' frames.  The customer service has been very good in the past, but the last few times I've been in the store, it has not been good.  The trouble seems to rest with the owner/manager (I think) who is a rude, sneering french-speaking woman.  This is not the cultural divide, this is just plain old nastiness! If you have the stomach to handle it, go for it.  Otherwise, find another high-end optical shop.  You'll be happier.
1	I've never been treated worse or felt more deceived than I did at Paris optique today...purchased non-custom sunglasses last week, specifically asked salesman about return policy as I paid cash, and was told I had 10 days. I even commented that that was kind of a short time period compared to other places, but he said not to worry Bc I would love the sunglasses...he then had me sign the receipt without saying anything else. I went back to return them yesterday, and had my head chewed off by a French lady that claimed to be the owner of all Paris Optique locations. I simply said I wanted a refund when they asked if I wanted store credit or an exchange...I explained what had happened and the lady continued to cut me off, talk down to me, and be downright rude beyond anything I have ever experienced from anyone in retail or the service industry in my life. I found plenty of stories like mine online when I googled Paris Optique, including one that said how the French lady made her 9 year old cousin cry in the store!Do not support this wretched woman or Paris Optique!!!!
5	We have bought glasses for our entire family at Paris Optique since 1994. Fannie (owner) and her entire team have been wonderful over the past twenty years. This is THE only independent optical shop in the Phoenix area, and they sell lines that Luxottica owned stores don't.We have sent many friends to Paris Optique over the years and all are still long term customers.
5	Outstanding Customer Service ! I had a problem that turned out to be an incorrect prescription. The staff was only concerned that i was happy with my glasses and went to great lengths to figure out my issue. In fact, if it hadn't been for their diligence and caring attitude my problem would have taken much longer to fix . i will be a long term customer.
1	I am an attorney visiting from Denver who went into this shop to purchase a pair of glasses I saw online. I didn't like them once I saw them in person so I decided to buy a different pair, but the sales girl (long brown hair) was so snobby and rude that I left the shop after a couple of unpleasant minutes in her company.  I hope she doesn't work on commission.....
