5	The Owner, Mike gave me a GREAT deal on my car wash for being a 1st time customer! They did a great job, towel dry and offer FREE vacuumes! Great deal, great service from start to finish! Will definitely go back there from now on and recommend to anyone in area. This is kind of service that's rare these days.
5	I've been going to this car wash for the past couple of years now. I go almost every weekend because the guys their are do a great job, are simply awesome and very easy on the eyes. For $5 I can't complain and I get some nice eye candy too!
5	Great customer service! Low price. Totally worth the drive/extra $1/whatever your excuse is for not coming!
1	Ive been going here on/off for as long as this place has been open. I always went for the self service especially the engine degreaser. It USED to be a potent bright green detergent that worked. Until the other day that is. I went in put $5 in the machine and turned on the degreaser, wow only a very pale tint green, smelled more like water, almost no soap. I asked the guy working to check on it, he said it was working, quote " look there's product in there". Which I replied not enough to clean anything. so lost my $5, could clean my engine, won't be going back here again.
1	I should washed my car with newspaper that had been prepped for paper mache... I would have had less spots afterward.  I feel like they add calcium or something to the water.  Theoretically this was convenient, but there is a reason why people pay for a quality wash.
5	The owners of this establishment did reach out to me in reference to the issues that I had with the wash.  Most of the time, and effort to make things right is all that is needed.  I will continue to go to this establishment as I make it a point to support small businesses, especially those who serve their customers well.
4	Great customer service, and my car came out nice and clean. I would only suggest fixing some of the vacuums. Also note that they only take cash, but there is a Chase bank and Bank of America right across the street in the Fry's parking lot.
