3	Seafood Station caught my eyes just by one word "Seafood" Since I am a seafood fan, I decided to try it out. When we walked in we were greeted by a friendly welcome. We noticed that their were no tables to sit which was fine because we wanted to take the food home since we don't live very far. The worker explained the menu and also mentioned that they only been open for almost a week. The menu was very simple they offer fried oysters, fried clams, fried shrimp, and anything fried seafood. My bf ordered the fried oysters which came with french fries and Cole slaw. I ended up ordering a soft shell crab roll since I wanted something on the healthy side. The roll was pretty good nothing too special. I did try a bite of the fried oysters, it was pretty good and a decent size.
5	Finally fresh great seafood on this side of Vegas!
4	If you're looking for a nice place for a romantic dinner, I'm afraid you'll have to buy your food here and take it home. No tables. However, the food is cooked fresh to order and the menu, while simple, is reasonably priced, delicious, and satisfying.
4	Went there for dinner the other day. Have been wanting to try this new place for a couple weeks. Would be better if they had some tables. By the time we got home, food was starting to get a little soggy. The fried shrimp is excellent, definately order those again. Wasn't too crazy over the fried oysters though.
4	The soft shell crab  was so delicious .The french fries  were a bit over cooked . The service was good. I will definitely be back .
4	Ok, You know how many times you see a random place to Eat, Drink, etc as you walk around...how many times do you stop? I found this little gem just grabbin a slurpee at 7-11 next door and decided to check it. I have been back several times since and now my friends go too.From the fresh calamari, or the clam strips, to the soft shell crab, or the oyster po-boy. It is all great. Good price for fresh seafood and you also support a mom and pop shop. Its a to-go style shop so grab your grub and head home to enjoy, Very good... If you're are in the NW or just want to Yelp around come check these guys out.
5	Searched through yelp while trying to find something different around my house to eat other than the usual pizza or burgers that are so prevalent in the centennial/providence area and found this gem. They have been open only two months and already have a solid 4 star rating and now I know why.It looks like it is just the owner, Warren, that works in the shop and it is a to-go place with no tables which was just fine with me. Since he makes everything fresh it is true that there may be a wait for your food, but it is worth it. While I was waiting for my sandwiches he fried up some free clam strips for me which was not only nice, but they were delicious- perfectly fried.Speaking of fried, keep that in mind when you come here. All of the fish and shellfish is fried, but is cooked to perfection.All I can say is that Warren picked a great location (right next to retro bakery) and I hope he is successful because he is a nice guy with a great product that is rather hard to find here in the desert.
5	The shrimp poboy awesome!!! Will be back soon !
2	I really wanted to like it... but everything was underseasoned. The batter had a great texture (but again, was very bland) and the rolls were fresh but honestly, but the best part was the frozen fries.  We had the oyster entree, the catfish sandwich and the clam strips.... wouldn't return for any of them. :(  I may give them another try in a few months if I hear they improve, but for the price it would take a lot of convincing.
4	I like to support local businesses. Since I was in the NW, I chose to eat here.This is a small, takeout place. Since I live across town, I ate my food there before the long long long drive home. Soft shell crab entree was fresh, crispy and good.Green beans sub'd for fries were fresh. They trimmed off the ends and flash fried them while I waited.Cole slaw came with the meal, I added a little of the pink house sauce to it.Good selection of canned soda & teas in the cooler.Both men working there were friendly. They plan to expand soon so there will be more tables to dine in.
5	If you're looking for a good local seafood restaurant, Seafood Station is definitely a good place to start.  It's a small (mostly take-out) restaurant that makes everything fresh after you order.  I've had their fried shrimp Po-Boy sandwiches and New England Clam Chowder two times and they're some of the best I've had.  The slaw is not drenched in mayo and is not overly sweet.  The chowder is not too creamy or dairy and has plenty of clams.  Their fried oysters and fish (cod) and chips were great also, although once they have additional seating, the fries would certainly taste better eaten there when fries are crispy.  The owner says he is working on getting additional seating soon.  Once that happens, the restaurant should quickly gain popularity.
4	This place is literally a hop skip and a jump from my new house ... so i had to try it.    As most of you have seen my review for Shucks tavern which is a bit farther down on Durango , you will be pleased to know that Seafood Station met my expectations. I ordered a 1 Peice Fish , 5 Shrimp , Fries , Coleslaw and Soda plate.   You can choose between Cod and Cat Fish , i chose cod.   Now to the meat .... The shrimp were Huge , bigger than i expected.  They were light on batter ( a good thing ) and very very moist and tasty.  I will definitely be back for the shrimp alone. They serve some sort of red mayo type sauce somewhat close to 1000 Island , but not quite with it , delectable. The cod was very flaky , and tasty , but was unfortunately .. not crunchy.  Not sure if i just got a bad one , or it took too long for me to get home ( 5 minutes ) .  I was praying for crunchy , but alas it did not go my way.    I ENJOYED it though and the flavor was very good. The fries were still crunchy , not quite half the size of a good steak fries. They had good flavor and were not over slated. The coleslaw was , eh .. but im not really a fan of coleslaw.All in all for the money , its a little pricey , but if the shrimp continue to be as good as they are , im willing to pay a little extra.  Keep it up guys !
4	I dropped in and grabbed some spicy fried catfish to go.  It was as good as any catfish I've had at restaurants in the south.  I'd like to get more condiments and napkins in my bag however.
3	So I was debating between 2 and 3 stars becuase while the shrimp Po Boy was good the service was lacking....What customer wants to walk into an establishment and see the cashier asleep on the counter. It was uncomfortable to say the very least....Now, like I said the Shrimp Po Boy sandwich was good - the shrimp weren't tiny - the texture and breading of the fried shrimp was good, the cole slaw wasn't overly swimming in mayonaise and the bread was soft enough.However, I personally feel that the price is too expensive - maybe if a side was included - like fries or chips or even a fountain drink....IDK something!!!I luv to support local establishments but I also feel that in order to survive especially with the economy right now people need to feel like they are getting "bang for their buck" cause $10.00 nowadays should provide more than just a good sandwich.....
2	all average fried food. I don't think its much to write home to mom about.
5	Small, friendly and GREAT Seafood. Stopped by there for lunch with my wife, had a catfish PO-Boy...too big for just me (had to share it). Had some shrimp, lightly fried in batter, um... east coast style...LOVED IT! Highly recommend it and can't wait to go back again.
4	For a quick fried sandwich po boy, and a taste of the south in Northwest Vegas, you have arrived.   Its a small retail shop behind walgreens by the 7-11 , next to the most famous cupcake shop in the NW, Retro Bakery.  I had the shrimp poboy, delish!I also had an oyster poboy, silly good!I give it 5 star on food, the only ding was how small the place is, not super hospitable, but remember this is great takeout.  Prices are just right for seafood, cheap really.Recommended, and super glad I stopped by, It reminded me of the mow-downs I had in New Orleans drunk and needing food really bad, this place saves your life!Owners cook your food, you roll out.......I will return soon.
4	Shrimp po boy sandwich.....amazing!Bread was super soft and fresh, shrimp were large....wonderfully cooked and tender!  I HATE coleslaw....this was GOOD coleslaw...I ate it all on my sandwich (not the side though).  This sandwich is a solid 5/5 at a great price too...$7?Ordered the cod lunch special....There was a nice thick 1in+ fillet of cod, lightly breaded and cooked perfectly, sitting on a group of fries.  Very good fish, just wish there was a little more fish there....but it was the lunch special, so maybe the regular order has more fish.So why are we missing a star?Fries are boring.  Very lightly salted, with nothing going on.  Wish there was some sort of herb, oil, parmesan, season salt, anything to add depth to it.  Not bad, don't get me wrong, just wish they paired well with the rest of the awesome food above.Clam chowder came up lacking....it was more of a clam soup.  The consistency was watery, and not thick and hearty like I am accustomed to.  There was nice chunks of clam in there though, and it tasted fresh, but I didn't like the overall side....wouldn't order it again.I was told 20min for my order.  It took 35-40min from order to pickup.  This wasn't a huge deal to me, since I didn't have anywhere to be at that time.  But if you order this for a lunch break or are in a hurry, beware of the extra time it may take for your order.  That was considerably longer than I thought it would take, since everything is fried.And as I am sure you have read already, there are no tables and chairs to eat (only one set), so you gotta take everything to go.  Not a huge deal to me, and it did not affect my rating, but it WOULD positively affect it if/when they expand or add some bar stools and mini tables to eat.Just glad that the food was NOT rushed, and most of it still came out well.  I will be back again for the sandwiches alone!
5	I was visiting my parents here in Vegas when they suggested a place for GREAT fried oysters.  They took me to a little place that was unassuming from the outside, inside was neat as a pin with menus written on chalkboards, reminiscent of the fried seafood joints they used to eat at in City Island growing up in the Bronx.  The owner is the nicest person possible, chatting with us and even giving us some free shrimp to taste while we waited for our order.  The oysters are HUGE, the breading is light and crispy, the seasoning is perfect.  The house made sauces and slaw complement the crispy goodness perfectly.   This is the place to go when that fried seafood craving hits you, its the real deal,  As close as you will get to city island without a plane ticket.  All thats missing are the seagulls.
4	This place is great! I've eaten here a handful of times and I'm a big fan of consistency. Seafood Station has been consistent with their food every time.They have a great selection and for seafood, the prices are decent. I've had a couple different po-boys, a few of the "entrees" and tried pretty much every side item apart from the salads. The po-boys are my favorite! They use a nice soft roll, the slaw is delicious and I love the "pink" sauce. Their shrimp are large and juicy, the catfish is giant with great crust and the meatloaf with bacon po-boy is full of flavor. I usually grab a side when I'm down there and they have a good variety. Everything I've tried has been great. The fries are always cooked just right and not too greasy, the green beans have a nice crisp to them and their fried calamari and clam strips are awesome. I wasn't a huge fan of the clam chowder as it's a bit "watery" to me but it still has good chunks of clam and great flavor. I absolutely love their 'single item' menu where you can order just one shrimp, crab cake or a couple other items. I'm giving them 4 stars for a couple reasons. Out of the five times I've been there over the past couple months, the fountain soda machine has always been out of order. While its nice they offer cans of soda and bottles of water, it'd be nice to grab a fresh fountain drink with my food. And the only other reason being the seating. There isn't much there but what they do have is always tidy and clean. Seafood Station is one of my favorite spots out here in the far NW!
4	Came back for another quick lunch!  This time I phoned in the order....I was told about 10min, and it was done on time! Since I was a huge fan of the shrimp po boy, I went with the fried catfish po boy.  It was good, but not nearly as good as the shrimp!  Still, the bread is amazing, the slaw makes me eat it (even though I don't like slaw), and the fish was yummy.We also went with the tilapia fish and chips lunch special.  This was the complete opposite of the cod fish and chips special.....This fish was HUGE!  It covered the entire plate of fries.  The cod was a nice thick fillet of fish but small.....this tilapia put it to shame.  The tilapia was cooked perfectly, perfect breading, just a little too much salt added for our tastes (we prefer very little salt, you will prob like it).  I would def order this again!He was out of the clam strips, so the calamari was a good second choice.  We tried the calamari, and I am happy to say that it was very good.  Tender and delicious!  The cocktail sauce is very good and pairs perfectly with the calamari.Be back soon :)
4	We noticed this place as we were picking up cupcakes next dooe at Retro bakery. It is a hole in the wall, but their food is very tasty. The owner is very nice and even offered us tastings as he apoligized for the wait, which we weren't bothered about anyway. We ordered a fried catfish poboy, crabcakes and calamari with fries, The catfish was tasty, but the bread was the star. The coleslaw inside was a good addition as it did not overpower the rest of the poboy. Crabcakes were very flavorful. And the calamari were great. I prefer to see tentacles in my calamari! Overall a place I would highly recommend. I deducted a star as there is very limited seating, that's all. Let us support these local eateries more as they add flavor to our communities, We will be back!
4	Looks like they closed down!Is it for good?  I didn't see any relocating notes....so I am not sure if they are opening elsewhere in town. Hopefully they update their website or facebook soon.  Crosses fingers!
5	Wow had the cod and shrimp.  Excellent!  I'm glad I found this place on yelp.  I can't wait tell they add the seating next store
5	Excellent traditional fish and chips, take out. Catfish, Cod, Shrimp, Calamari. Clean place, fresh oil in the fryers, cole slaw was fresh, french fries were good. Owner is friendly and chatty (in a good way).  Much luck to you Warren. You have my respect. I'll definitely come again.
