4	I scream You scream We ALL scream for ICE CREAM!!! Any 2 scoop sundae & a bottled water for $4.99 get a FREE mini basbeall helmet!!!My FAVORITE Ice Cream place since I was a kid. Always the best hand-scooped flavor selection plus I almost always fill up just from all the sampling ;) Still my favorite: Rocky Road
5	My wife and I came down here for .31 cent night and glad we did. They have an abundance of flavors. Would definitely recommend to everyone. Great icecream and great customer service.
4	My husband and I came here on .30 cent scoop night. The wait line wasn't horrible, there were a bunch of people waiting but the line was moving pretty fast. I ordered the strawberry cheesecake which was BOMB!
1	worst costumer service ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Customer is king, so when you choose the wrong cake for this customer, make it right! I ordered a cake and pointed out the largest one for a big party for my nieces and nephews and had it inscribed "HAPPY BIRTHDAY RYAN!" When I went next door for coffee, I  come back to find the smallest cake possible waiting for me. The owner refused to give me a new one since she already put the inscription there. I reluctantly paid for the small cake and bought another one at Costco instead. Oh well, way to ruin a little boy's cake!
3	You know that feeling you get when it's 9 PM and your only meal of the day was brunch with friends at 2 PM.  Your stomach is saying, "Feed me, feed me now."  I succumbed and went to Baskin Robbins instead of one of the frozen yogurt places I normally haunt.I got two cups of hand packed ice cream - chocolate truffle and chocolate peanut butter.  My chocolate PB was very good and my wife informed me her truffle was equally good.Service was quick and the price was right.  I got a fix, quieted my stomach, and enjoyed some ice cream without all the toppings I'd add if I'd been for yogurt.
2	I had gone in here at about 10pm one night when I was craving cookie dough ice cream. I got one scoop of that and also decided to get a scoop of their new green cheesecake flavor. Their flavors are really tasty. Ill never downgrade them because of this. But the prices....omg! Since when is a scoop of ice cream $2.50?!The kid who scooped my ice cream was nice, but was talking with the other girl who was there and not paying much attention to me. I thought it was rude and bad customer service. Anyway, I paid almost 6 dollars for 2 scoops of ice cream and a cake cone....ridiculous. He did, by the way mention to me in small talk that his owner is cheap and doesnt let them even have a little free ice cream while working....which is the only perk of working there, im sure!I got some coupons for "Buy one scoop, get the 2nd for 99cents", so I got another craving a few days later and went back here. Where it went wrong:When I walked in, I noticed the pre packed quarts. I stooped down to look at them since they were at the bottom of the display freezer. Suddenly, this older asian woman walks RIGHT up on me, stands there and goes "Um, Hello"....and continued to stare at me. I thought it was weird but then realized she was thinking she would come watch me since apparently I look like someone who goes into baskin robbins, bends down out of sight of the people behind the counter and stuffs quarts of ice cream into my small purse! I asked her if everything was okay, and she replied coldly, "Yeeesss".  I then asked her if the ice cream in the quart was the same exact thing as fresh scooped, and OF COURSE she replies "NO! Its slightly different formula!"....of course it is. Becsuse one scoop of that stuff is almost THREE dollars and one quart of THIS stuff is $4.50. Makes perfect sense!So I walked over to the counter where I patiently stood back waiting to be acknowledged again by either that snarky woman OR the other person who worked there. There was another guy who walked in right when I did, but he was still asking to sample every flavor...and I was ready. Trying to obviously project the "Im ready" look....FINALLY after about three minutes of not even being looked at, the old woman asked if I was ready and I told her what I wanted. She scooped two VERY small scoops of cookie dough. I asked her if the cones were included, and she said yes, but only the plain. I usually got chocolate dipped cake cones, but I declined this time and opted for a cup. When she put my ice cream on the counter for me, she VERY quickly rung up a total of around 5 dollars for the two scoops while she clearly saw me holding out my coupon to her. I had to actually say again, "I have a coupon". She grabbed it, and literally took 1/2 a second before saying "No...no but...." and I knew she was trying to get out of accpeting this coupon, I KNEW she would give me a hard time with this.....so I said "No...its NOT expired". She continued scrutinizing the coupon with a fine tooth comb and DARN...found NO objection. She reluctantly entered the coupon and gave me a correct price. Then just since she was so pleasant about it all....I asked her if I could actually have a cone...and she replied "No..you get a cup OR cone, not both"....funny because every time i have EVER gotten ice cream, they put it on a cone for me, and then upon checking out I ALWAYS rethink that it will probably end in disaster in my car while im driving home and I ask for them to toss is in a cup for me. NO problem,...usually. So I was denied a cone. Wow...I asked her "Okay, well how much for a cone then?"....."THIRTY FIVE CENTS!"....Cool......(not cool)*Digging through my purse for 35 cents*   Oh no, I am actually only able to locate a quarter in my purse....I looked at her and said "I will be right back...I need to get a DIME out of my car..." She said nothing and stared at me. I went and got the dime, came back in and tossed it on the counter along with the quarter.Yes - I COULD have just summed everything up with "Horrible customer service, CHEAP owner, Rude staff, Tasty overpriced ice cream"....But I think that explains the fight she put up with me just because I had a coupon and decided to get a 35 cent cone....picky franchise owners. ;)
4	I only go for the ice cream cakes, which they always have a nice selection of in their store. Im in and out within a few minutes and the store is always clean.
1	I'd give 0 stars if I could. Rude, rude, rude. It's as if we should be lucky enough to be served a scoop of freezer burned ice cream. Every flavor has a coating of ice on it. The mint chip was so icy, that she was using a spatula to pry it out. We canceled our order mid scoop and left. Do not bother with her terrible attitude and old ice cream.
1	Employee just came from the bank holding rolled coins and some bills. He then went up to the counter put the money away and asked  for my order. I asked him to wash his hands which he did. The owner who was there asked me, what's wrong and I told her and she gave me a nasty look. I asked her what's her problem and she said his hands are clean. I told her he never washed his hands and to mind her business. The owner is the old haggard Asian woman behind the counter.
1	Employee just came from the bank holding rolled coins and some bills. He then went up to the counter put the money away and asked  for my order. I asked him to wash his hands which he did. The owner who was there asked me, what's wrong and I told her and she gave me a nasty look. I asked her what's her problem and she said his hands are clean. I told her he never washed his hands and to mind her business. The owner is the old haggard Asian woman behind the counter.
1	Just had the WORST SERVICE ever!  When I walked in, no one was at the counter.  When she turned the corner from the back room, the woman employee was on her cell phone, talking to someone in Korean.  I waited for her to get off the phone...but after a few minutes of ignoring me, she asked what I wanted.  She didn't get off her cell the entire time she was making my order!  She's on the phone laughing and smiling...obviously not such an important conversation to be that rude.  She only got off the cell when more guests came in and started to ring me up.  I offered a coupon, and was about to ask about the cakes when she told me my coupon wasn't good for a small cap, only a medium or large.  She told me "next time make sure you read" - wtf?!?  I was so angry, I was shaking, and I told her that next time she shouldn't be on her cell phone.  If she wasn't, she could've simply told me that at the time of the order.  I could care less about the $1 coupon not being valid.  It was her illiterate comment to me, and the fact that she wouldn't have gotten off her cell if only I was there - she only did that when more guests came in.  Truly rude.  I don't know if she thought she could get away with being that rude because I'm asian also, but that was completely uncalled for.  There's a lot of options for ice cream / yogurt - and I am definitely going elsewhere from now on!
1	I'm completely dissatisfied with this locations Customer Service! Im usually in here once every two weeks or so, I normally just buy the pre pack quarts. I love Baskin Robbins ice cream, but this locations customer service is horrendous ! this past week I went in there to buy 2 cakes. I had 2 coupons, first the girl wouldn't take the second coupon because it was identical to the other one, next she gave me a hard time because it was printed on Birthday stationary instead of plain white paper! I ran out of white paper and didn't think it was a big deal since normally retailers enter a code or scan it! She was very rude and made me feel like she was doing " me a favor" by excepting it! After I left that evening I realized that I needed a larger cake, I called to change it, again I spoke with the RUDE girl that gave me a hard time for changing my order! What happened to Customer Service? It's not like the cake was made that night! I even offered to pick it up a day later to give them time and I apologized! She was rude and bothered by the  change order! I picked up the cake on Friday and took it to my friends party! When we cut the cake we realized it wasn't Jamoca almond fudge ice creme instead it was Jamoca ice creme! I was disappointed,  but didn't think there was anything I could do about it, and I was CORRECT! This evening I decided to call them and let them know what happened. I had the pleasure of talking with that RUDE girl she told me if the cake wasn't  eaten they could of made me a new one and that I could of brought it back! I told her that I have half if it and she said there was nothing she an do! I explained to her this cake was for a-birthday party, and  what was i supposed to do after it was served tell people not to eat it? ridiculous!! She was very argumentative and Rude! She claimed I told her Jamoca, I never even knew there was such a flavor?!?!If I ever order a cake I will make sure to get it in writing, to avoid situations like this and I will go to a different location!!!
1	I was in Vegas on a vacation and went to this Baskin Robbins.  There was paper in the ice cream, service was terrible and the bathroom filthy.
1	The ice cream here tastes old and funny.  That semi-melted, semi-freezer burnt almost gooey and just plain old wrong texture.  One bite and I tossed it out.  The store is filthy.  The customer service is horrible.  Save yourselves and go to the gelato place down the road, or better yet inside one of the many stores that line Sahara or Charleston and grab a pint of Ben and Jerry's.
4	Not sure why so many bad reviews, ice cream is great and the service was expected (just a young kid serving ice cream).
1	An employee made a mistake and over charged me $8.00. He was not allowed to give me a refund and got the store franchisee owner on the phone. She was rude and nasty and said, I would have to come back at 10:30 p.m. if I wanted my refund? Is this even legal?One of her employees says she gets a lot of complaints, and that she forces her employees to go online to give fake positive reviews.
5	I come to this location about 3 times a week for a Cappucino Blast. Most of the employees in the day shift know my order by heart, which I really appreciate. The product is prepared well, with excellent consistency, better than other locations where it sometimes ends up thicker than a shake. I like to drink my blast, not spoon it like a scoop of ice cream. When I come in I am greeted well, even by new employees that I have not met before. Not sure why others are having issues. I do my best to treat people well and they seem to reciprocate. I have also met a lot of cool and interesting customers here as well. Great place to sip a refreshing drink and meet locals. If you like Frappuccinos  from Starbucks, try the BR blasts. I think they taste much better...and they cost less too.
1	Wow - who's in charge??? I guess scraping ice & making sure when u close u can go out and party is the priority. Don't want to have to clean AFTER the customers have all been helped. 8-10 people waiting in line and 1 kid is scooping while the others are finding anything else to do but help a customer!! Wake up OWNERS - You have a responsibility in representing such an American icon as 31 is!!!
5	TOTALLY REMODELED. The place looks awesome and very much contemporary. More flavors than ever...about 40 as they added an extra display freezer. A tall guy was training a new girl. He was very good and patient. Did everything by the book. They were both very polite. Product tasted just right! (Cappuccino Blast)
5	Love BR My husband & I visit at least 2 or 3 times a month. The customer service is always great! Everyone is attentive & friendly. Despite, what other reviews people have given, the owner is nice & accommodating -- Come visit & see for yourself!
3	I've only been to this location once, but it was a good experience. We went to get a free birthday ice cream cone for my son. He was thrilled about the ice cream (what 3-year-old isn't?) and gobbled it up. I love their chocolate fudge ice cream.
2	First and last time..... I ordered a vanilla shake and told the lady that it didn't taste like a shake, it tasted literally like a glass of milk. She was rude when she made me another one, & the shake was no better. Never again
3	Walked in and it wasn't very busy. It was a little on the dirty side, and unkept. The service however was great and she was very friendly which I  appreciated. If I could give a tip I would just say it needs to be kept up a little more. Will be back I'm sure because the ice cream is excellent!
1	Worst customer service I have ever experienced in my life. My mother lives in Summerlin and this is the closest location to her and having her pick it up, I live in Henderson. For my birthday, my mom ordered me a cake as a steady tradition I've upheld since I was 5, specifically for a baskin Robbins cake. My family was all in town and we picked up the cake, and it had no writing on it. The explanation I was given was that "another person with a similar name, cancelled their cake, and we thought it was this one". So much for your professional organization skills. After my mom informs me that she's not able to take it back, I drive all the way back up to my moms in Summerlin to pick up the cake, drive to your location and stand with a melting cake in my hands waiting for it to be fixed. Keep in mind, I called earlier and explained my situation to Cassie, whom of which told me she herself would write what I wanted on the cake. I asked after 10 minutes of waiting if they could put my messed up cake now melted in the freezer. I wish I could put a picture in here because of the way this POS cake looked. The scariest thing of all is that these "associates" who lack courtesy of greeting customers, customer service skills, organizational skills, after seeing how this individual wrote on my cake, WRITING skills, and basic communication between co-workers, these associates were ALONE. Was I offered a free dessert while waiting? No way, these "children" working starred at me when I even asked for what I wanted written on the cake. I am so DISTURBED I was handled in such a way. If I was a parent and I had family FLY IN for a child's birthday, picked up a cake after dinner, took it home and had no writing on it, take it back to have it fixed and be treated in such a way is APPALLING and I would be infuriated, much as I am now. I will never EVER return to this location. I will continue to call the manager until I hear back and I am calling corporate. Train your staff better and take pride in your business, based on your reviews, you clearly have no intention of putting effort and basic customer service into your workplace. Because of this incident, my family left town and my mom works all the time and I ate my birthday cake alone. Thanks guys.
3	I have always loved Baskin Robbins! My fave has always been the cappuccino blast, and it's kinda hard not to want to have a drink and an ice cream at the same time, what can you do? decisions need to be made.... sigh... This is a nice treat for the kidies and yourself as well! Classic flavors like Jamoca Almond fudge, mint chocolate chip and old fashioned butter pecan never fail! But if you are in an adventurous mood, you can always try out the new flavors they are always coming up with like spider-man 2 and cotton candy, and the great thing is that you can always taste before you buy! One point that needs to be improved on though is cleanliness and customer service, the employees need to smile a bit more :)
1	worst customer service ever they ripped me.off and.messed up on my order. the stupid fat Chinese women needs to know how to speak English and should treat her customers better this is it in China
1	If I were able to, I would give this place 0 stars. From previous experiences of going there a lot, I have learned A LOT. I learned that the owner (grouchy asian lady) SAVES EVERYTHING. The last time I went there, I ordered a single scoop of cookie dough. When I got it, the texture, smell, everything about it was wrong. I couldn't help but ask the server why it was like that and she whispered, "It actually expired in 2013 but we have no choice but to serve it because of our boss." Has she (the owner) no decency?! THAT'S DISGUSTING. It made me think that if the owner did it with this ice cream, she most likely did it with others. After this stunt, I never went back because this isn't the first time it has happened. I was going to purchase pre-packed peanut butter and chocolate quarts from the freezer, only to find out they were TWO YEARS OLD. If you didn't know, the quarts do have expiration dates listed on them. DO KEEP IN MIND ICE CREAM EXPIRES. BE CAREFUL. Also to my understanding, the cakes (not factory cakes) that are on sell have an expiration date. Where? You might ask. On the box itself, they do "show" the expiration date. For example, it would be shown as "K16" K corresponds to a month and obviously 16 is the date. K16=11/16. I remember seeing a cake that was THREE MONTHS OLD. The owner definitely cares more about her MONEY FLOW than her own customers. Lastly, stay away from the ice cream cabinet that holds all the sherbets and fruity ice cream. Luckily I don't like sherbets but on MANY OCCASIONS I found FLIES just chilling in the ice cream tubs. I'm surprised no one has reported her to the health department and closed this place down yet.
4	This chain has been around for a long time, and they are very consistent; large variety of flavors, gallons of ice cream to go, the place is clean, no frills, polite servers, reasonable prices, and if your wife can't decide which flavor to choose (which is all the time), then she can sample as many flavors as she wishes before she makes her history changing choice.Am I the only one who knows what flavor they want before walking into an ice cream place?And as a part of their consistency, there are always a couple of ice cream flavors that have a little freezer-burn, which I don't mind in the least.They're not perfect, but I'm a fan.
1	I ordered an ice cream cake and it looked like a 4 year old decorated it ! It looked NOTHING like the picture shown on line and they didn't even follow the special instructions on the colors I wanted . When I called the store 4 different times to speak to the manager , the manger is never in . I gave up . Don't order a cake from this location.
1	This place has the worst customer service ever. I was asking about the cakes and while I was talking to the boy he started hugging some girl and was not even paying attention. So I picked a cake on my own. Not one that I wanted but it will work. I then went to the counter to pay and I asked for my military discount that I have received at other Baskin Robbins. My question was returned with a standoffish no from the cashier. We don't do that here. Okay. My bad. I will never return again. I highly suggest the owner works on the customer service at this location. I'm okay with being told that there is no military discount, however when I am made to feel disrespected because of a question like I am bothering you, that is when I get upset.
1	Horrible service! Period. We watched as other customers were helped and then two of the three employees disappeared. We were never greeted and we left!
1	I have been going to Baskin & Robins since I was a young child. They always had the best ice cream and ice cream cakes.I love the chocolate peanut butter ice cream from Baskin & Robin's. That's usually the only flavor I eat there. I also usually grab an ice cream cake from here when I am in need of a birthday cake. They write whatever you want on the cake and you are out of there quickly.The problem I have is this particular location is that the lady here is not very pleasant. I'm not sure if she is the owner, but I am thinking she may be. I'm sure an employee would not be able to be so unpleasant with the customers. Also, they are very cheap when it comes to the size of the scoops of ice cream on the cone. I tolerate it though because of that damn chocolate peanut butter ice cream..lol.The customer service is very poor here. The one star is for the management not the ice cream.
3	Got mint chocolate chip in a chocolate dipped sprinkle cone; just one scoop.  My sis gets a single scoop sundae and wife a single scoop sundae.  Finished in a few minutes; good tasting.   Dirty Floor guys!!!
1	If I could, I would spit on this business. ZERO STARS even though I have to put ONE. You all make me so mad you exist in this world. Do us all a favor and close. Go the hell away, or get new management. That owner lady is, for the lack of a better word,  "bitch". I drive 20 minutes to go to another location and this is now down the street from my husband and I, and as well as a few blocks over from my grandmas and mothers. We all hate you :) GO AWAY.
2	Took my kids for ice cream midday Saturday and they were already out of my son's favorite kind - the Spider-Man. Should have at least stock up for the weekend. Service was ok, but both salespeople wore super DIRTY shirts. Just disgusting. Not my favorite place to go.
1	As a former regular customer then former employee of this location, honestly this place is horrible. Not the employees who try to be as friendly as possible and help the best they can but the manager, she's rude and only cares about how much money she's making and not her customers. As I said, I am one of her former employees, when I went in for my interview she never asked me why I wanted to work there or if I even had a health card (which I of course did, but she still should have asked) until a month into my employment. After only two days I was appalled at her customer service and couldn't wait until I could find a better job (right next door). Not only does she have no respect for her customers but for her employees, when I worked 8-9 hour shifts she never gave even a 10 minute break to eat, and when I called (because I was out of state at the time and didn't have another choice) to put in my two weeks she said, and I quote "We will talk about this later. 'Kay bye." And hung up on me. I really could not wait to leave this place it was dirty and very poorly managed. I refuse to eat there again.
