5	If Hello Kitty and her Sanrio gang were life-size, they would hang out here. They would all shout "KAWAII!!!" with their nubby appendages sporting peace signs as they filled the pastel colored dreamland of the JuJu Berri store front. The frozen yogurt, including toppings, is only 37 cents an ounce. They would grab either a green or pink JuJu Berri frozen yogurt tub and fill it with as many flavors that suited their fancy; piling on an assortment of fresh fruit, candy toppings like graham cracker, gummi bears and chocolate chips and garnishing with sprinkles and a sauce. Even Badtz-Maru's saucy and annoyed character would find joy in the bottom of a JuJu Berri tub.
3	So, I have to first confess that I recently went to Santa Monica and got suckered into the Pinkberry phenomenon, to the point where I actually woke up one morning dreaming about it and ate two large tubs (actually requiring a second tub just to hold the toppings...) in a 24 hours span. So naturally I immediately got online and searched for Pinkberry in Phoenix, thinking it must have made its way across the border by now. Sadly, Pinkberry will remain a dream just out of reach. Juju Berri tries hard to be a Pinkberry knockoff, but it really only succeeds in the knockoff part. The yogurt was icy, not the smooth tang I came to crave at the Pink. The decor was cute, pastel and geometric, but the place smelled like disinfectant, the restrooms were subpar, and the floors were dirty. It was missing the air of polished snobbery inherent in a Pinkberry. I give an extra star for the toppings, though, which included all of the colorful fresh fruit, mochi, and Cap'n Crunch I've come to expect.Also, it's located in a strip mall rather than a cute beach town within walking distance of the ocean. But maybe I'm being picky?
5	A friend turned me on to juju berri and I'm hooked! The yogurt is yummy, especially the regular and green tea flavors. The toppings are awesome, lots of fresh fruit and decadent candy goodness too. I've tried some of the other yogurt places in town but none I have tried compare to juju berri.
5	By far, the best fro-yo in the Valley. The flavors taste natural and not overly sweet. My favorite flavors are the green tea (real matcha powder), original, and pomegranate-blueberry.
4	Okay what's the deal with the serve yourself places having family size salad bowls for individual servings? I mean really. Do I need 32 ozs of yogurt? ..probably not.  Okay I am exaggerating but the cups are big and there isn't another option.For two of us we filled our two bowls to the tune of 12.00 ! Oops ..you can't really put that back.The good news is it does have a great cool summertime taste. Not the best taste I have ever  had but certainly worth stopping by once in awhile or going to on a hot day and you need a  cool treat. Right across the street from Arrowhead and on the way home from Peoria Complex or theHarkins Cinema. They had about 10 flavors nothing earth shaking , your standard fruits and choc, vanilla, Reeses, cheescake and Green Tea? .I thought it would be very tart but it really wasn't very tart except my oldest said she thought the cheesecake was tart but liked it. The Reese flavor was good however I have had better.  The decor is modern , cheery and it feels fun. I will definitely feel good about bringing my family back  but first we will go get Gelato.
4	How can you not love a place that offers at least 10 flavors of soft serve fro-yo and has a light up topping bar?  Now add in the fact that you get to make your own sundae creation for only 37 cents and ounce- heavenly!I was so excited to discover Juju Berri!  I love having cute places in Peoria!  Juju Berri is decorated quite nice and all of the employees have been friendly as well.  Juju Berri offers both tart icy flavors like green apple, kiwi, and pomegranate berry and smooth creamy flavors like cheesecake and peanut butter.  Their topping selection is amazing as well!
4	Coming from California where fro-yo places are a dime a dozen, Juju berri is a gem in this desert! Your standard self-serve yogurt, with an equal ratio of tart and creamy choices (kiwi/blueberry tart my personal fave), don't forget to ask and try their flavors before you begin your escapade. Toppings are endless, don't overdo it though because you'll be surprised how much 37 cents an ounce will break your wallet. Neon colors on the walls that gouge your eyes out are a bit too excessive for me....I'm here for fro-yo, not a rave!
3	I agree with Rebecca J.  - the yogurt here is nice and tart but way too icey.  I had the green tea and the original.  Both had good flavor but the consistency just was not there.  The topping selection was pretty normal - mochi and fresh fruit on one side of the topping bar and a whole bunch of dry sweets on the other side of the bar.  I think the fruit was previously frozen.  Nothing so special about this place. I probably won't go back since it is a good 20 -25 minutes from my home.
5	I looooove fro-yo. Not just regular tangy yogurt flavor. I like to change it up once in a while, and that was my main issue with Pinkberry. There weren't all that many yogurt options.And then the fro-yo craze really boomed, and places like Cantaloop, Yogurtland, Red Mango, and the like popped up all over LA. Now, a few months ago this lovely land named Menchies appeared down the street from my house in Culver City/LA. Though I live out there in Cali, I come out here to Arizona all the time to visit my mother, sisters, and stepdad. One day on my break from work my mom and I wanted a cool and lo-cal treat, so we busted a mission to Juju. Amaaaaazing! It's really clean, and very cheap, only 37 cents per ounce. They also participate in the buy x-amount of yogurt, get one free, which is really helpful since I only get paid twice a month and so the free one is always welcome!
4	I once went through a phase where I ate yogurt at least 3 times a week. I was obsessed. It doesn't help to get over your addiction when you have one so conveniently located next to you, and one where you can pile on as much yogurt and as many toppings as you would like. Thank you Juju Berri for being the west side's go to yogurt place.I am in love with their green tea and original flavors. Probably because I am a tart girl. If I want a creamy/tart combo they have mango which is tasty too. If I want creamy, their Reese's flavor is a very sweet dessert treat. Their toppings are fresh. They have all the basic fruits, strawberries, blueberries, kiwi. Their candy toppings are also plentiful. All in all, I heart Juju Berri.P.S. I have seen a few coupons in the Valu-paks.. so keep an eye out for those!
4	The closest froyo place by me...and I just discovered it lol which goes to show how much I get out! Anyways I've been a fan of fro-yo since my aunt took me to yogurtland in HI. JuJu Berri is cute and always friendly. The texture varies once in a while, which was odd. I always get my green tea with mochi and blackberries MmMMMM. But I am sad to say I found a yogurtberry on my way to my parents house out in goodyear soooo I might not be going as often :(
4	I wanted ice cream, but not quite and some mochi with strawberries... well what do you know? This place had all three!Cute little place, got my fro-yo fix and I was in and out like a scout!
4	Really good frozen yogurt.  Interesting and different flavors.  Good local place, but expensive if you don't have coupons.  Even with coupons it's about $10 bucks for 2 people.
3	I'm disappointed that this place isn't holding up to what it used to be. It's still pretty good but not like it was. The service has become pretty dismal. They have discontinued certain toppings, which I miss. And one thing they have started doing, which is kind of silly but annoying, is before they weigh your yogurt, they pick up a spoon and put it in your cup, to make sure you are paying for the weight of the spoon. Cheap.
4	I'm a bit of a froyo addict but this place is my favorite!  I love, love, love their plain tart flavor and my favorite combination is plain tart, cheesecake, and chocolate with granola, coconut shavings, and a tiny bit of chocolate chips on top of the cheesecake.  Their strawberry yogurt is pretty tasty too.  I only wish they'd switch out some if their flavors more often.Edit:  Since my first review, I've knocked my rating down to 4 because it seems that pretty much every time I go here now, their yogurt isn't as cold as it should be and comes out in a bit of a sloppy mess.  I also miss the Red Velvet! :(
5	I love this place! Way better than Desert Swirl. They always have eight different flavors on tap, and they change a couple out every month. Their newest one is Red Velvet Cake, which tastes EXACTLY like cake. They are a welcome treat in the summer and are open late when I need them. I usually don't get the toppings since their flavors are sooo good the way they are, but they have a nice selection.
5	This place is great. $0.37 per ounce. I have been going to desert swirl for years and this place just kicked the crap outta them in one visit. Highly recommended.
3	If I hadn't been to a self-serve yogurt place before I might've been more impressed. The options of yogurt and toppings were very basic. And it sounds cheap, (37 cents an oz) but two cups that were about half full came out to over 10 bucks. But all in all the flavor was pretty good.
3	This week I went to Pinkberry in Los Angeles. When I came home I found out there were none in Arizona. Thought I would try Juju Berri. They are only a couple of miles from my house. Juju Berri charges by the weight this includes the toppings. I had the original and put on strawberries, chocolate chips, and some sprinkles. They do not have as many toppings but they have more flavors of yogur than Pinkberry. I vote for more toppings. The total was less expensive than Pinkberry but it was not near as good as Pinkberry. Will I go back? Probably. There are several other yogurt places that do something similar. I will try others first.
5	I LOVE their froyo! It's about the only place in Phoenix where I can find green tea froyo. And it is out of this world! I love their other flavors here too because they are not as overly sweet as other froyo places. Their strawberry and chocolate are so flavorful and creamy. Love that they give you a stamp card, so you can accumulate them in order to get a free one on a future visit.
4	This place is definitely a staple in our dessert file.  We enjoy the flavors -- although they don't seem to switch them up.  My favorite is a mixture of vanilla, red velvet, and chocolate.  I've also tried and enjoyed their cake batter flavor.  I agree with another reviewer, who noted that at times the yogurt doesn't come out as solid as it should... maybe it should be kept a bit colder so it isn't on the verge of melting from the moment it leaves the spigot.  The toppings cover a range from the chocolaty sweets to the berries -- though my absolute favorite is the mochi topping.  I only wish there could be more outdoor seating.  Don't forget to ask for the stamp card so you can work toward the freebie!
4	This place is so good! It's all self serve so you can get as little or as much as you want. They also have a good variety  of toppings.
5	I love Frozen Yogurt, Especially this place,if you are in the mood for tart, they have, the blueberry pomegranate is the best. Not to mention the green tea, is really, really good. I don't see any other yogurt shops that actually have green tea.At this location, they change out at least one flavor a month.Which I like because I hate when other places get rid of a flavor that I love, after only having for a short while.They offer stamp cards, you buy 8 and get the 9th one for free, up to 20 ounces which is a lot if you think about it.and the minimum purchase is 3 dollars before tax.They have fresh cut banana when you ask.All sorts of goodies, reeces, fruity pebbles, cheescake bites, 3 different kinds of nuts, and a lot more.
2	This place is **CLOSED**.
