3	Nice local diner. Serves breakfast all day, which is what we had. Nice sized portions. The link sausages are much larger than normal restaurants serve.Served mixture of Italian and Greek style dishes.(My price vote is for breakfast. didn't look at the lunch/supper prices.)
2	we had breakfast here yesterday the service was good ,the place it self is old school decor early american  and could use a good cleaning, I had two eggs over medium w/hashbrowns that really had no umpf  Im not sure if they were from a bag but i have a feeling they were and a slice of bone in ham the size of texas ......delicious my wife had two eggs over soft and when they came they were over HARD ???? the wait person apoligized and brought her 2 eggs over soft in a timley fashion.greeks are usually known for running great breakfast joints but this bunch have been catering to the old school mesa crowd to long.
4	This little diner is fantastic. The food is delish, the portions are huge, the service is great and you can't beat the price. I will ask for my favorite servers, Ronya and/or Caryn. I love the fact that every time I visit, the owner is always around making recommendations on what to choose, sharing specials and just making sure that all of his customers and fans are  berri happy. The Friday night fish fry is also great. I would recommend to anyone who wants a hearty, home cooked meal!!!  See you soon!
4	Had breakfast here the other day with the fam, great selection and to my delight, many items had a Greek twist to them.  On top of the food being tasty, you can easily share with a spouse, friend, relative or foe as the portions are huge!  I will definitely be back soon with friends.
5	Simply amazing!! Such a cute and comfortable diner makes me feel like I am back home in my small town! The food was really delicious and very large portion size! My boyfriend eats a ton and this place filled him up, also inexpensive. Although it's not a place you would drive by and think we should eat there it's definitely a hidden gem! Will be returning here! They serve breakfast all day and have homemade biscuits! Yuuum!!
4	We've been coming to this place for 3 years - each year we hold our breath that it will be as good as last year.  So far, so good.   Nothing elaborate, just good basic comfort food with a friendly staff and friendly owner.   We love breakfast here and keep coming back.   And the prices are good.   Highly recommend giving them a try.
4	I've been to this diner for breakfast and now dinner... Love the breakfast not so hot for dinner..I had the patty melt which seemed to have a whole onion on it and very little meat. Service was really good.
4	Good home cooked breakfasts, I had the Southern Benedict, comes with home made sausage patties, eggs, smothered in sausage gravy.. and hashbrown as a side! Can't get better than this for $7.99..YUMMYThey have a board that they turn around for you when you sit down with all the daily specials, they always have a good variety of them.OK one thing EVERYONE has to try is thier bread pudding with a vanilla cream sauce.. OMG I thought I died and went to bread puddin heaven!  I really like that most everything you have there is made fresh... usually the owner is the one cooking or getting after the staff to get food served quickly.Nice family owned place, its a place everyone can go to for a good meal!
4	I would love to give a 5 star rating except my mashed potatoes and vegetables come to the table cold. I haven't said anything and even though they are cold they are still good.Service:The staff is friendly and they are great about waiting on you. They are very helpful when your wanting to know what the specials are, which changes on a daily basis.The Food:For me I love a down right good home made chicken fried steak dinner. I'm one of those good ol texas boys that loves to eat meat and potatoes. The potatoes are really good and seem to be real potatoes. If they are fake, then they have fooled me. The brown gravy I usually ask for on the side is really good. You can also get a homemade biscuit and that by itself is a meal of it's on. You can tell its homemade. The best part of all is the chicken fried steak. You can look at it and tell the batter is from scratch and nice and crunchy and very flavorful when it goes down the tube. If your looking for a really great chicken fried steak dinner thats homemade with all the fixins......this is the place to go to. Got room for desert? You are crazy if you do. Be prepared for an all time mini pie maybe a 10 incher or less. Either way it's big and they have plenty of different homemade pies to chose from, just ask the waitress. I ordered the Banana Cream, let's just say it was bananas.....no way could I eat it all. Needless to say I brought mom here before and I'll continue to go here.
4	Great breakfast joint and cheap. Try the southern Benedict...sausage patty, eggs, biscuit smothered in gravy. Mmm delicious. Try their pancakes and get a side order of sausage and bacon. It is a nice way to start the Saturday....warning you will feel sluggish after eating....I suggest taking a nap.
4	Love the soup appetizer.. delicious!!I was concerned about my AARP card ofr lack there of, but then remembered it was only 6 and the dinner crowd is made of all types. I believe this spot is located in the center of RV mecca Mesa, beautiful or not its not a late dinner crowd if you catch my drift. HOWEVER!! The staff is more than friendly and welcoming. The food is good and priced very VERY wel.. I love that they still have blue plate specials and menu boards complete with desserts in the cold case at the front door. Local mom and pop would be all encompassing, however located on a dark poorly lit road, this place would scare me... good thing its got good location and obviously local patrons. . good choice! CANT WAIT to try breakfast, which BTW is served all day. .
3	Good food , good service. got my moneys worth.
3	The prices here are great - the customers are usually seniors are a fixed income - you can not beat the prices, they are amazing and the food is pretty good.  It is not organic or healthy for you and they do not use the best ingredients - they sell atlantic salmon which is all farm raised and linked to various diseases. so be careful about ever eating atlantic salmon.  the meat loaf was very salty, the chicken soup was okay also lots of salt..  the rice pudding was terrible very bland, the pies were very sweet but the Bread Pudding was great...If you are looking for a place with some great food items which not exactly healthy ingredients for great prices then this is it - plus the staff is awesome - it is a great place to catch a burger or pancakes plus the bread pudding is great.
5	Awesome food, great service, friendly staff!
5	Great service..the owner noticed my 4 year old daughter was carrying a purse with nothing but a stuffed bunny inside so he gave her $10 to put in her purse to go shopping..we have been here before and always get great service and the biscuits are amazing. They are also very accommodating for someone on a diet! Will be back soon!
5	Everything was fresh and good. Like one of thse cool old diners they filmed swingers at
5	George is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We eat here all the time NEVER had bad food or bad service. The staff is great, friendly, and very patient. The food is always large portions (we share a lot), delicious, and looks appealing. It's a keeper in the "go to" place for us.
5	This place is awesome; we have had breakfast and dinner there and have never been diss appointed .
4	Went with the hubby's family for his bday for breakfast.  Found this place on yelp!  Service is true diner friendly, portions are huge, prices seem good.  My daughter and hubby split the greek omelet and I had a bite, then wished I had gotten that instead of my eggs benedict.  Mine were okay, there was nothing wrong with them, just weren't the best I have ever had.  They could also use a better credit terminal/computer system.
5	I honestly don't even want to review this place because I like it so much and it's crowded for breakfast already. This is definitely my favorite breakfast place! You can easily tell that everything is fresh! It's a family run place, they are so nice and welcoming, I love it!
3	Service is friendly and efficient. Our breakfast was ok.  Think I might have been more impressed if I had tried the huge roll in the pastry display case. Coffee was hot and I didn't have to drown it with cream to be drinkable. Everything was ok, Not much more I can say.
5	Four of us stumbled upon the great eatery. The Food was very good and our server was outstanding. We all live in Tucson and all look forward to our next visit to Mesa so we can eat at Wild Berry Diner.  Just writing about it has made my mouth water.
5	Great food.  Great service.  A nice experience for a very reasonable price.  A definite recommend.
5	Love this place. Second time there, the food was outstanding and Vicky was a great server.  Will try lunch sometime but if it is anything like breakfast it will be great.
4	First visit for breakfast. Great food. Eggs cooked perfectly. Will certainly return for an encore.
4	Great fare on the menu. One thing I enjoy is having the option of ordering breakfast all day. I would recommend the gyro omelette. Good home cooking is how I would describe the cuisine. Great atmosphere for family. The owner is very generous and compassionate with children.
2	The food is good and the staff is very nice, but don't eat the toast!  I sat and watched the servers handle money, menus and cleaning towels then rummage through a plate of toast at the pick up window to finish their orders.  They didn't think twice about handling the food without washing their hands.  I was so disappointed because the bread is amazing.  I mentioned it to our server and she quickly told the other ladies to put some gloves on, and she had fresh toast made for me and my husband.  Probably won't go back there again.  Sorry!  Nice people.
5	They have great service here and everyone is so friendly.  I had the chicken souvlaki over rice pilaf and greek salad it was delicious.  Hubby had pork chops mashed potatoes mixed vegetables and a salad. We both walk away full and happy
5	To know me is to know what being a foodie truly is. I just so happened to be in the area and we hungry and this place turned up in my search results. Being that I live diners and the reviews were good, I thought I would give it a go. All I can say is WOW! . I love the food! . I was in search for breakfast and I found it. Man did I ever. This is the kind of Diner I have been looking for since moving here! I had one of their specials that came with 3 eggs, double bacon (you can get half bacon and half sausage or all sausage or all bacon), hash browns, choice of toast, and since my son was with me we added one of their Belgium waffles as we were sharing. Everything was wonderful. It was way more than enough for both of us and I am looking forward to going back again and often.
5	I have been going here for years. They have large portions at good prices. Traditional American food and they always have daily specials. The owners are Greek and great people. Jimmy is the father and George is the son. One of them is usually there. They take great pride in thier restaurant and food. You have any problem they correct it immediately.  They are friendly and will crack jokes. The restaurant has older decor, but clean. Some of the waitresses are not very professional especially once the owners go home at night. And sometimes the cooks have thier music on so loud that you can hear it in the diningroom. They have Mexican cooks but they can make great American food. They wear hairnets and gloves. I got a peak in the kitchen one day while talking to the owner and it looks very clean. I like that! Soup is made daily and usually they give you a cup of soup complimentary if you want. I would recommend the chicken fried steak for dinner. All of thier breakfast items are wonderful. I dont care for thier homemade personal pies. They are made with just a top crust.All in all this place is the best in the area when it comes to portions, taste, service and quickness.By the way, if there is ever a problem with food or service please let the owners know. If they are not there, call in the day time and let them know. They are very good about correcting issues and very serious about it. If they dont know, they cant fix it.
5	YOU MUST TRY THIS WONDERFUL PLACE!!! I can't say enough great things about this place but here goes... Great friendly service and staff! Food is crazy delicious! Portions are large and very filling. This is a great place to bring family, lots of options, breakfast served all day. Kids meals are on the bigger side which i love because my kiddos actually got full for $2.99!!! We cant wait to bring family in from out of town so they can be impressed!
5	The staff here is super friendly, the food is marvelous (and such huge portions), and the menu features a wide variety of dishes from various places in the world. The dessert case is full of really good stuff that's all made fresh! The price is hard to beat, too. Today I went here for breakfast and got a plate bigger than my head full of yummy food for just $4.99. For two people the bill was only about $10.
