3	How this place survived amidst all of the strip mall Rocky Rococco's and Chilli's, one will never know. An excellent west side stop, especially if you work over there. Definitely a fun place to be a regular. Typical bar fare, but not too shabby.
3	The Old Town Pub has been a fairly consistent option for a beer and a sandwich when you find yourself on the west side beyond West Towne Mall.  Over the years I've been to the OTP numerous times, mainly because I found myself in the area and could think of nowhere else.  The bar is tucked away in a strip mall across from Woodman's.  There is very little else in the area and the OTP kind of comes off like a place that has never really worried about competition.  The overall feel of the place skews toward the regulars parked at the bar, but it never seems too unfriendly, just a bit insular.  There is a element of west side townie to be found on the weekends too.  This can lead to the usual aggravations like waiting at the bar for a drink while the bartender serves up all the people he knows, or the waitress engaging in long conversations with the tables around you when you desperately desire another beer.  Conversely these type of things must seem warm and welcoming if you happen to be a regular, which explains why there are so many of them here.The food at the Old Town Pub is fairly standard bar food.  My father used to swear the chili here was the best in town, but I think the recipe was changed a few years back.  Don't get me wrong, the chili's still quite good but I believe they switched from shredded to ground beef and he says it's just not the same.  I've had a few decent sandwiches here over the years and everything is usually pretty good, but I stopped getting burgers because they never seemed to come out as ordered - either too well done or not enough.  The last few times I've been I've gotten the chicken wrap with the fries, which is perfect with a couple of bottles of Capital Amber.  I recall that when I first started coming here with my parents in the mid-90's the "house beer" was New Glarus Edel Pils, which was impressive since most places didn't carry micro taps back then.  I don't believe they still have this on tap, and I've had a few unpleasant experiences courtesy of unclean lines so I generally stick to bottles.  The tap selection isn't that impressive by today's standards but it is serviceable.There is a nice set up of boothes along the back wall that gives you a little more privacy than the regular tables closer to the bar.  There's several flat screens throughout the OTP and the last time I was there it appeared that they have the MLB package.  I even didn't get any dirty looks cheering for the Cubs during the last series with the Brewers.  The weekday lunch and dinner crowds seem to be a bit more laid back than the weekend set, and the fryers are usually on pretty late into the night for appetizers.  The Old Town Pub is not usually the kind of place you actively seek out unless you're a regular, but I'm happy it is there.  Plus, the murals in the mens' room are worth a visit by themselves.
