3	When you first walk in the smell of cake is overwhelming, I personally wanted to eat the displays. There is a small table if you want to stay, but this is more of a grab-and-go shop. It is also VERY PINK.I ended up getting 4 cupcakes, a vanilla, pink champagne, and 2 red velvets. I am sad to say I was not impressed. I'm not quite sure what "Pink Champagne" is supposed to taste like, but it reminded me of Betty Crocker @ home in my kitchen. Sure, the cupcake was moist, and the frosting was tasty, but there was nothing special there. I felt like I could whip out my hand mixer and do just as great a job. I got a similar verdict on the vanilla cupcake - good, but not great. The red velvets were also good - but again, I made better ones using a mix...Suffice it to say this was disappointing, especially since it's the closest bakery I've found to my house (which may be a good thing...). But, I would rather drive a few more miles, pay a few more dollars, and come back with something delectable as opposed to paying for something that wasn't AWESOME.I might go back and try again, but for now, not my favorite cupcake location.
5	I got my son 1st birthday cake and not only it was delicious, it was beautiful! It was made in the shape of a number 1. I brought one of the dessert plates that had the theme of his party and they added those details to the cake.Everyone raved about the cake:) The cupcakes are very good too. The only negative was that I got a brownie when I went to pick up the cake and it was hard as a brick.  I don't think that was intended, maybe an old one? Regardless, if you need a cake for any ocassion, please go to Sugarlips Cakery, you won't be dissapointed.
5	I have ordered all of our Special Occasion cakes from the Sugarlips Team! Wedding cakes, anniversary cakes, birthday cakes, everything. THe last one they did was my son's 1st birthday. We had a monkey theme and I gave them a copy of the invitation we sent and they designed the cake and smasher that PERFECTLY matched! Everybody here is super helpful and have some incredible ideas. So whether you know exactly what you want or need ideas on how to put it all together, this is the place to go. Their prices are completely reasonable and their cakes are beyond delicious. Every raves when we get a sugarlips cake that it is the best cake they've tasted. And their cupcakes are just as good!
5	I've been hearing good things about this place for a while now, but it wasn't until I saw and tasted my friends cake at her birthday party that I was convinced of these ladies' talent and skills! So, when my  daughter asked for a custom Twilight Saga themed cake for her 9th birthday, this was the only bakery that came to mind.My daughter and I printed up photos of features from each of the novel covers to incorporate into the cake, and we thought it would look great, but what we received the morning we picked it up exceeded all of our expectations of a two-tiered Twilight cake. We received tons of compliments on both the originality AND the taste during her party. In fact, the kids even ate the fondant covering the cake which shocked me (it actually tasted good, which often times isn't the case). It was the hit of the party - so glad we came here.In addition to the cakes here, I've also tried at least half a dozen various cupcake flavors and I've never been let down. Their cupcakes are consistently moist (a definite plus, since a lot of shops I've tried around here tend to have dry cupcakes) and have the perfect cake to frosting ratio. Plus, as if that's not convincing enough, their cupcakes are BOGO on Fridays. Do yourself a favor and visit Sugarlips - you can thank me later! :)
2	Giving two stars instead of one only because I think it's unfair to make such a dramatic review on such a short experience, but...We stopped by here on A Saturday last December to inquire about wedding cupcakes. We made a day of going to ~5 places as sort of a scouting mission. We showed about around 11:00 and they acted surprised that anyone who be stopping in. On A weekend. The front case was almost completely empty, when we inquired about wedding cupcakes the woman, who I assume is the owner/baker was extremely disinterested and handed us a small album of a few unimpressive sample pictures. We were told they had no cupcakes ready for us to try. When I pointed to the lone tray of sad looking cupcakes in the case (wrapped in saran wrap), she hesitantly sold me one. I wasn't expected much based on our experience up to that point, but the cupcake tasted like it had been sitting in the fridge for several days and had just been put in the case. It was stale an altogether unappealing, not to mention tiny. Luckily this was our first stop and it set the bar nice and low for the rest of our visits. For what it's worth, we ended up going with the awesome Let Them Eat Cake bakery.
4	Sugarlips, i am a fan.While you're not exactly 5 starts (due to falling short in my much anticipated pink champagne cupcake--it tasted much like play-doh would...) you are almost there with everything else you provided me.After going to another cake shop, i was very pleased there there was a) more than one person taking orders/making cakes and able to actually serve those who would come in, in a very timely matter b) there were a copious amount of photographs of all of their cakes and c) any questions that one might have was graciously answered without making me feel as though i was an idiot or wasting their time.It's the first time i'm doing any sort of custom cake.  No sheet cake from the local grocery store, no cake from a box, but a beautiful, tasty, can't stop thinking or talking about kind of cake.  Besides, the one i love deserves it :)  But with that being said, i had no idea where to start on the flavor of cakes.  As i mentioned, i had been to another cake shop and when taking their cupcakes home to try the cake flavors (without having to purchase an entire cake) i was very disappointed. The flavored ones tasted just like white sheet cake. I did the same sampling at Sugarlips, 2 red velvets, 2 pink champagne, and 2 strawberry...I could rave for days about the red velvet and strawberry...not so much on the pink champagne...sorry. But even so...DE-LICIOUS! Most, flavorful, and the coloring was perfect.After i decided which type of cake flavor i wanted it was back to deciding the design.  They were incredibly helpful with giving me ideas, telling me to do the less colored buttercreme frosting b/c the dye tastes bad, or telling me to do fondant and airbrush instead--just very knowledgeable and i never once felt as though i was being taken advantage of. Friendly, delicious, creative, and just an overall great vibe! I will be back Sugarlips!!
4	We ordered a cake for my daughter's baby shower, and provided them an invitation and some ribbon.  They did a fantastic job matching color and imagery... and the taste was great!Yes, they are somewhat expensive, but the Wow-Factor they provide is well worth the price.
4	Loved the cupcakes! I only got one for me and one for the BF, and a gourmet treat for the pup! Wish we would have gotten a few more :) Will be back for more soon!
2	I had possibly one of the best birthday cakes at a friend's son's birthday party last spring - so I asked my friend where she got the cake and she directed me to Sugar Lips.  I decided to splurge a little and have Ironman cakes made for our sons' joint birthday party.  Wow, I'm not sure what happened between last spring and this month, but the cakes were both such disappointments.  To begin with, there was clearly a HUGE miscommunication about the cake design.  I should have drawn it out instead of verbally explaining what I wanted.  It was supposed to be cartoon style.  I had asked for the caption box to be completely white with black lettering.  While they followed the directions for one cake, they did not for the other.  I had asked for the cake to be in "landscape" orientation.  It was not.  I had asked for the gray background on the red ironman cake to match the grey on the grey ironman cake.  They were two different colors. I did not ask for "girly" embellishments on the side.  They were put there without notice.  I had asked for solid background, it was not completely solid  And finally, the cake was DRY.  Very dry, actually.  I would have been better off a grocery store cake.  The cakes together cost $100 which is not too bad for custom cakes, if they are good.  But since they were not, I really felt like I wasted a lot of money and time to drive out to this bakery which is very far from where we live.
4	These are so much better than Sprinkles! Go on Friday and each cupcake is only $1. The chocolate cupcake is out of this world!
2	I've decided to chime in with a review although the first cake I bought was two years ago and the second cake was a year ago at this time of year. Both times I got a pink champagne cake. The cake was dry and not very good at all. When I lived in Des Moines, Iowa in the 70s and 80s, there was a bakeshop called Barbara's that made the best champagne cake I've ever had. Maybe that spoiled me. However, at the Cupcake Love-in held a few months ago at the Valley Ho Hotel in Scottsdale, I had a pink champagne cake from Victorian Cake that was every bit as good as the one I had in Iowa. So I now have two comparisons and Sugarlips fails miserably. The first cake I had done was for my six year old granddaughter, and it was a princess cake with a crown and was very beautiful and very expensive (I think it was an 8 or ten inch round and was close to $75). The 2nd champagne cake that I had made last year was over $50 and had red and purple buttercream roses and it was quite beautiful. So they get good reviews in their decorating but stay away from the pink champagne cake. I may use them again but I'm going to have to try a different flavor, or maybe I will just go to Cathy's Rum Cake because they never fail to deliver.
2	These cupcakes were ok, but they taste just like they are from the grocery store. I dont know what's up with the frosting, it just has a strange taste. When I got there, there were hardly any cupcakes left, so my selection was limited, if they wouldn't have been buy one get one free, I would have never paid the prices they want for those cupcakes. It's ok, i would eat them again, but I don't think I will ever be going back. Sprinkles wins, hands down, anyone who says otherwise is nuts!
1	Terrible. Period. I was in a rush when another cake shop lost my cake order due to mutual miscommunication. Sugar Lips was able to service me with a $10 short notice fee. (Is 4 days even short notice?)When I came to pick it up, the 6 inch top cake DID NOT match the cupcakes.They realized that they undercharged me and decided to change my order instead of calling me to ask for more money. Unfortunately, with a house full of my guests and my grill working overtime I couldn't wait the 30 minutes to have them fix it which I am sure they counted on.  The taste, quality, and design of the cupcakes were the same as from Safeway or Basha's. (For grocery stores I suppose I consider them good) Additionally, the recipe was not what they had sold me which would be a major issue by it's self if this wasn't such a wreck. The 6 inch top cake looked better than what I would expect for a cheap cake but, again, the taste was painfully average.  When I picked it up I rented a glass cake stand for $50 (half refundable) which I feel that they should not have charged me for at all due to their error. There was NO attempt to make this right by me unless I was able to spend more time or money and an overall rude attitude while they explained that this was somehow my fault. I will be keeping the cake stand as it was the only good thing I got; you can keep my $25 deposit. My wife liked it better than the cake anyway.I was stuck, they knew it, and took full advantage of me.All together I think this travesty cost me $170.00 not including the $25 which I incurred myself. I just wanted to 'WOW' her for 3 years of hard work at Law School. I feel ripped off.  This is the first review I have ever posted.
2	I was disappointed.  I had been meaning to go for ages, and was actually embarrassed that I hadn't gone, as I'm a big "buy local" advocate, and it's only a block from my house.  However, the establishment wasn't really that well kept up, I wasn't greeted warmly, I felt as if I were intruding on something more important (someone had to come out front from the back.)  The most important part- the cupcakes.  I went on a Friday, which was buy one, get one free.  I have to say, they all looked delicious, albeit small, and it was tough to choose.  I went with my standard red velvet (sort of the cupcake by which I judge all cupcake establishments by) and the coconut).  They were both ok.  The cake was not dry, but it wasn't really that moist, either, on either of them.  I went at about 3:00 p.m., so maybe they had been sitting out all day?  The frosting on both was good enough, but truthfully, there wasn't nearly enough of it.And did I mention that the cupcakes are small?  Good if you're on a diet, I guess, which maybe I should be, but I was in the mood to indulge.  Cupcakes are small enough as they are!In the future, I'd rather go to TopIt in Gilbert or Mind Over Batter in Tempe.  I found both places to be cleaner, the staff to be far friendlier, and the cupcakes to be bigger, moister, and with more frosting.  With that said, though, I will give them another chance.  They ARE local, and maybe it was just an off day.  I'm guessing the size of the cupcakes are pretty standard there, but the other items might be improved upon.  I like to see local businesses make it.
2	Been looking all over the Valley for someone to do cupcakes for a wedding.  This place is So So.  I liked the stuff here,  they have a good selection on any given day compared with some of the other places I've been to recently.Honestly, If  I'm going to buy cupcakes rather than just make them myself, I want them to be larger than average, decorated nicer than I would have been able to do myself, have interesting flavors, and be a little bit fancy.  This place don't fit the bill.  If your willing to leave Mesa I would recomend Caketini (in the San Tan).  If you need a place closer to Mesa...go to Mind over Batter.
4	Walking in to Sugarlips on a weekday, you are greeted with an awesome smell of cake! Their case is cute and everything is PINK!  I LOVED the pink champagne cupcake with it's cute little white sprinkles. They usually have some sort of deal going on with their cupcakes and they are yum! Holiday flavors are creative and fun. Their cakes are absolutely beautiful, it's obvious that is their specialty. I'll definitely be going back.
4	I recently ordered a custom bridal shower cake from here, they did such a great job!! It looked amazing and tasted just as good!! The one bad thing is the price, I paid $90 for a cake that only fed 20 to 25 people. But overall I had a great experience with Sugarlips and would definitely purchase here again.
3	I visited the shop and thought they had ver nice pictures of cakes they did in the past. I was referred here by someone who bought a wedding cake from this shop and said it was nice. I just wanted to try it out so we bought a few cupcakes. The cup cakes are cute but they don't have any "wow" element regarding the flavor. I think they also were a bit dry and I would like more moisture in the actual cake. They are good, but have had other cupcakes that were more moist and more unique flavors.
5	I can't say enough how impressed I was with this little hole in the wall bakery. I think it's funny that most of the reviews on here are not about cakes but cupcakes, that are EASY to make your self! Anyway,AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!I called in a frenzy because the last bakery i had booked would not deliver my cake, due to have  to drive down a dirt road. I called Sugarlips in a frenzy, an hour before closing, I got there at 1:30 pm and  one of the girls from the staff sat down with me and took all of my information, and understood everything i wanted for my wedding cake clearly. She was upfront, honest, and didn't beat around the bush , and didn't BS me. within 30 minutes, they had the picture of the cake i wanted, and a picture drawn out with the flavors and exact icing, and i paid my deposit and was out the door. SUCH A GREAT QUICK, FRIENDLY, EXPERIENCE! Plus they only charge 50$ for a deposit, vs. half the cost of the cake like other bakeries do. I could not be more happy. They made my horrible day turn upside down! thank YOU!
5	What can I say, I LOVE this bakery.  The flavors are wonderful and the cake is always moist.  As if it were baked this morning.  The staff are amazing and so helpful.  Several friends of ours use this bakery too.  I will go no where else for a special cake.
5	I have ordered a birthday cake from here every year for the past 3 years and I love it every year. If I was having a huge party this year (sadly, I am not) I would have ordered as well. The pink champagne cake is moist and OH SO DELICIOUS, and the custom cakes always turn out exactly how I want. Let me just say, to anyone bothering about price...the same cakes I get from here for about $70 are upwards of $200 everywhere else! That is how I originally chose this place 3 years ago. $70 for a cake that feeds 20 is nothing, especially for a custom cake design and fabulous tasting cake.
3	I read about their cupcake happy hour (Wed. 4-5pm and Sat. 1-2pm) where their cupcakes are only $1 (down from $2.50). I thought it was the perfect way to try out a local bakery, so I bought a half dozen assorted cupcakes (they had 9 flavors that day). First, they're regular size (not as big as Sprinkles or Let Them Eat Cake). Second, I wouldn't call them fancy (these aren't gourmet flavors--they taste like box mixes, and I don't mean that to sound insulting). At all. Read Sarah I's review from 2011 for the same impression.All in all, we were disappointed by slightly dry cakes and frostings that were bland (you know that slightly waxy taste?). The lemon cake flavor was good, red velvet disappointed, salted caramel was pretty good, vanilla was not... The best was the chocolate one. It was rich, moist, and had tons of chocolate flavor.Don't get these for a special event--instead, pick them up for your kid's soccer team.
5	Found this place on yelp & wasn't to sure what to expect but we ABSOLUTELY LOVED our cake! I had a surprise bday cake made for my husband & it was a huge hit! Literally celebrated with it today and we loved it SO much my husband said to make sure to write a review!Everyone was very pleasant & created exactly what I had in mind! Thanks so much!
5	We LOVE Sugarlips cupcakes!  Such a wonderful variety of flavors and the staff is super friendly and professional.  The frosting (salted caramel..oh my!) and newest creation we've had...Churro, are amazing!  I highly recommend this bakery for any private event, or if you need a dozen or two of a variety of gourmet cupcakes that will not drain your bank account.
5	We used sugarlips for our custom wedding cake and they did great! The whole experience was awesome from beginning to end. The girls in the bakery are all so nice and passionate about what they do.  We were on a tight budget and the sales associate provided several options to stay within our budget. We had a simple three-tier cake with fondant hand-made succulents and a sheet cake for serving. They were exactly what we asked for! All our guests complimented on how delicious the cake was... we agree! DELICIOUS!! We found our new place and will defnitely get all our cakes here!  Great job!!
1	I am really sorry I came to your store and inconvenienced you so much. I really just wanted a few of your stale refrigerated cupcakes. But don't worry, since you went out of your way to let me know that you were angered by my audacity to patronize your business, I will be sure never to make that mistake again.
5	I love this bakery. They are quite different from the traditional places. The frosting is smooth and slightly sweet, not whipped cream but similar in texture. They also have tons of cake  flavors to choose from and they can design anything you ask for. Give them a try.
5	I don't understand any of the so-so reviews. This place is delicious and far surpasses any of the other cupcake places I've had in the PHX area. So much better than sprinkles. The first time I experienced SL, I had almond raspberry, red velvet, and salted caramel. The sc was SO good. Today we went for happy hour and got brandied chocolate truffle, lemon rose buttercream, and chocolate covered strawberry. It was happy hour so we got them each for a dollar. Holy crap! The chocolate covered strawberry was the best cupcake I've ever had. I love this place. I hope SL keeps happy hour and the ccstrawberry forever!
5	I love this bakery. I stop in here on a regular basis for cupcakes, and all of their flavors are amazing. My favorite is the red velvet. I'm getting a cake next week, so I'll update with how their cakes are after that.
5	Whoa!!! We went to the chandler BBQ festival and we had they're chocolate covered bacon!!! Talk about so etching so wrong being so right!!!
3	I stopped in for a cupcake and choose the salted Carmel - it was alright. I like my salted Carmel a little more salty. The cake was nice and moist. The frosting was good, not too sweet, although I think it could be a little thicker.
5	I love all of the cupcakes!  They are so pretty and ridiculously delicious!  I am so happy they are so close to my house.  If you have not tried this place you definitely should!  You will not be disappointed.
5	This is my go-to place for any occasion cakes.They truly have the best in design, service, and they are SOOO good! I've ordered numerous custom cakes, and I always receive rave reviews from party guests every time. Cakes are moist, never dry or un-flavorful. The fondant is not too sweet, not too thick, and also tastes great.
4	Sugarlips made my wedding cake earlier this year. I went to them with only a few weeks left until my wedding. I had another Baker setup but they ended up moving out of state. I downgraded Sugarlips because of the price. My original Baker was much less than Sugarlips. Sugarlips does make great cake. For some reason when I did the tasting the cake tasted super sweet. On my wedding day the cake was a hit! I got a four tier with three different flavors. When I tried it on my wedding day it didn't taste so overly-sweet. It was very good. We have the top tier in our freezer for our one year... see how it'll taste then. Overall, very good flavor, not heavy frosting, great decorating but definitely a bit $$. I recommend.
5	I love Sugarlips!  They're definitely my go-to for cupcakes-which is saying a lot, because I buy a lot of cupcakes.  I've also gotten some custom birthday cakes from them which have all turned out adorable. Love the new location! It's so bright and cheery!
