5	I can't believe I'm the first person to review Marilyns Make-Up Magic. She costs a little more than some less professional competitors, but you absolutely get what you pay for - true artistry and a pain-free experience. I had gone to someone else for my lips and besides not coming out very well, I was one of the most painful experiences I've ever had. When Marilyn re-did it, what a difference!
5	Marilyn is a true artisan, the BEST in the business! I have been 100% satisfied with every procedure and how painless it was! You will be so impressed with Marilyn's professionalism and warm and caring personality, a truly genuine beautiful person! I will be a customer for life!!!
5	Marilyn is the best in the business, hands down. She has been doing this for over 30 years and is an expert color-mixer and artist. Her procedures are all 100% painless, her pigments are organic so they won't change colors or be harmful to your skin, and her eyebrow shapes, lip shades, and liner colors and thickness are precise and gorgeous. You will not regret paying a little more to come here!!
5	As an esthetician I have seen lots of really regrettable permanent makeup and when a friend told me she was getting permanent makeup done, I was skeptical until I saw her amazing results.  She had gone to Marilyn for lips, eyeliner and brows.  I later became a client of Marilyn's as well and I have been thoroughly impressed with her commitment to the highest standards of sanitation, education, honesty, customer service, and the right service for her customers.  She draws on her 30+ years of experience to make sure that you get the most flattering result and that you are never surprised by the outcome.  She also insists on a free consultation with each new client to make sure the client is comfortable with the procedure and has had all questions answered.   And perhaps the best compliment I can give Marilyn is that people constantly ask me how I do my makeup and tell me how good it looks, and when I tell them it's permanent eyeliner, they can't believe me!  And yes, she does cost more than some competitors you may see advertising around town, but is it really worth it to save a little money on something that will be on your face forever?  Don't chance it.  Marilyn is the best and would be a bargain at twice the price.
5	Marilyn is an artist, skilled technician and professional.  Her pigments look natural and last a very long time.  Look no further if you want permanent cosmetics.  I have wasted a lot of money  with other permanent make-up artists, only to return to Marilyn.  Her techniques and pigments are absolutely the best in the business.  Marilyn also has another extraordinary skill in her repertoire that I wish more people would be aware of:  scar remediation.  I have some bad forehead scars from an accident and plastic surgery, which Marilyn has worked on with dry needling, dermal rolling, and skin-colored tattoo.  She has been able to break up the scar tissue and, for the first time in years, I can wear my hair without bangs to hide the scars.  Little hairs are filling in at my hairline that used to be scar tissue.  I am thrilled and wish that Marilyn would market this skill more so that people wouldn't have to suffer with scars.  I know that some scars would not respond to these techniques, but she will tell you frankly and honestly whether or not she can help--just one more thing I appreciate about Marilyn:  she won't waste your time or your money.Also, she is the most hygienic person around.  That's important, too, in such a business.
5	First, Marilyn does beautiful work...leaves a natural look yet you wake up in the morning with eyes and lips done!  I like it especially when traveling...regular lipstick disappears quickly and the new stuff cakes...but with Marilyn 's lip color, you just add gloss.  Finally, she is pleasant and friendly, yet professional.  Found her at least ten years ago..have done a couple of touchups due to sun exposure...best beauty secret ever !!
5	Marilyn's Make U Magic is AWESOME! She is a true artisan. The customer service and office environment are great. I would highly recommend Marilyn for all your PAINLESS permanent makeup needs!!
