5	Woohooo! It was as good as it gets! I met Amanda a while back and fell in LOVE with her & her studio immediately. The decor is darling, she actually has the same furniture as I do! Everything is mirrored, white, clean and classy. Not only was the decor beautiful her facials are amazing! Amanda did her signature "Hot Date" facial on me and it left my skin looking and feeling great. I would recommend Amanda for all of you skin care needs. She is kind, gentle and is extremely knowledgeable.
1	Amanda calls the day of the appointment (Saturday) and abruptly cancels on a girlfriend and me after we had been anticipating this experience for weeks (due to Amanda's highly booked schedule). I tried calling her back but received her voice-mail. Finally two hours later her receptionist contacts me and is unable to provide a resolution to the scheduling conflict. I was told Amanda would contact me on Monday and despite it being President's Day I fully expected her to follow up so we could perhaps reschedule as quickly as possible. I am still waiting for a call from Amanda although the day is almost over. My girlfriend and I purchased our facials through on of those "deal of the day" websites and I feel that because the service was already paid for Amanda did not consider us a priority for rescheduling. I have since received a refund through the website but I wanted to warn those out there who may take advantage of any special offers through a third party website in the future. Buyer beware. Situations may arise that you have no control over and you get bumped to the end of the line by the vendor.  I will be taking my business elsewhere and be more careful the next time I use one of these deals.
5	Great facial great customer serviceOne Love Boutique Spa consists of the waiting room/reception area and the services room.  Its small, cozy but super cute and inviting. I love the way it's decorated which is what drew me to buy a Groupon for a signature facial after looking at the website. The decor is white, clean, girly and classic.I was disappointed at first when my initial appointment was cancelled two hours before I was scheduled due to Amanda coming down with something that was contagious, I guess I was thankful too.When I came in for my facial I explained that I was one of the appointments that was rescheduled due to her illness and she upgraded me to the anti aging facial for free!  She also includes eyebrow waxing with every facial which is awesome! The facial was AMAZING and Amanda is very knowledgeable about what she is doing and the products she is using. Before my facial started I had asked her to mess up my hair as little as possible since I was going somewhere right after, she kindly obliged  and when I left my hair looked exactly how it looked when I came in.Amanda is great and I will definitely be back!
5	I've been going to One Love for a little over a year now after I discovered Amanda through a Groupon for a peel. As someone who has struggled with skin issues my entire life I cannot thank Amanda enough for transforming my skin through her extensive knowledge of skincare. I can finally say at age 29 that I am acne free! I've been to dermatologists as a teen and as an adult and they always diagnosed my skin as oily/acneic  and prescribed expensive prescriptions topical creams and pills. I've tried countless skin systems as well. Amanda immediately identified my skin as sensitive and attributed the breakouts to the harsh acne medications that made my skin irritated. She suggested a mild skin cleansing and moisturizing routine and since then my skin has been amazing. I was also able to virtually eliminate my acne scars through regular treatments such as peels and facials.I'm a graduate student and on a limited budget so I am able to capitalize on Amanda's monthly specials. The mini facial is an excellent way to save. For the quality of service I believe her prices are extremely reasonable. Amanda has also done my make up for my engagement photos and will being doing it for my wedding. She went above and beyond to find someone to do my wedding updo as well. I received so many compliments specifically on my make-up from friends and family.I like that she uses PCA, a locally made product. The staff are all great as well. I recommend One Love to all of my friends, some of whom have also become regulars.
5	Great experience! I tried a facial using a Groupon, and it was one of the best decisions I've made regarding my skin. The owner recommended a product that helped clear up my face over a year ago, and I have benefitted from the results ever since. Just wanted to share my experience for anyone interested in trying this place out.
5	I originally found this gem through groupon and have been coming back consistently for what seems to be for years! I love Amanda and what magic she can work! The girl has fixed my skin along with using her product recommendation, I can do it easily at home! She has the best line of local made products (PCA) and always has what my skin needs! The atmosphere of her facial room is super relaxing and feels very luxurious. Her prices are extremely fair for the service she provides and if you get on her email list, she often sends out monthly specials that cannot be passed up! One of the best things about coming to see Amanda is that she remembers her clients and can pick up conversations from the last time you were with her.I love that Amanda likes to give back to the community! This gal does it all! She is truly an asset to the community and is genuinely a beautiful person!  I plan to continue going back to her for as long as possible and I make sure to tell all my friends about her and her boutique! Do your skin a favor and go see Amanda! Your skin will thank you!
5	I originally found this place from a living social deal and have been coming here ever since. Amanda is amazing! I'm always weary about how I'll be treated when getting a living social/groupon deal because i feel like I won't be taken seriously as a client, but Amanda made sure to give me quality attention. Her facials are unlike any that I've received before and it's so worth paying a little more to continue being serviced by her. The people that work here, especially Amanda, are down to earth and very friendly. She also gives monthly specials that keep her prices competitive with the groupon deals out there. All in all I highly recommend one love boutique as you will not be disappointed!
5	Since coming to Amanda there has been a world of difference with my skin care! She is incredibly knowledgeable.  She has helped me with skin tone, faded dark spots and given me much advice on the impact of the enviorment on my skin.  Her product recommendations are always right on.Devin and Leah have done make up for my daughter for special occasions, such as homecoming and Prom, Senior pictures, they listened to what she wanted and have always done a wonderful job!Everyone has busy lives these days and Amanda is fully aware of this.  She is always on time for her appointments.  Which is definitely something I appreciate! Amanda and her staff are such sweethearts and are an absolute delight to work with!
5	Have had 3 facials here and all of them have been amazing. They are very good about customizing the facial to meet your skin's needs. My best facial was with Amanda.
4	I had a really good facial. My girl was very informative and professional. I would suggest updating the staff info on the website, as I couldn't find her so I can't give a specific name.
5	I found Danielle last summer and my skin is truly the best it has ever looked!!!  Every month I get my eyebrows waxed and tinted, facial, peel and dermaplane.  The Four Layer Facelift is my favorite!  I also love the PCA and Jan Marini products that Danielle uses.  The salon is beautiful and very welcoming.  Trust me, you need to treat yourself to a facial with Danielle!
5	Ok, so this is my first "beauty" review as I am a usual foodie Yelper, but  after two amazing facials at this salon, I felt obligated to write a review.  I am recently engaged, and I wanted my skin to look fabulous for my upcoming engagement photos.  I originally came in for just a normal facial, but my aesthetician Danielle suggested a 4 layer facial, which I had never had before.  Holy wow my skin has never been so dewy and glowing.  I have been to other salons around the valley, and a couple at top resorts, but I never feel like I got personalized one on one service or advice.  She really listened to my needs and personalized my facial to what I needed.  I always felt like just another "in and out the door" customer at some of the other places.  I received so many compliments on our Save the Date pictures....I couldn't be happier with the results.  I will now be going to Danielle for more treatments leading up to my wedding day, and I can't wait to see those pictures!
5	I was lucky the day that my friend referred me to One Love Boutique as it taught me the difference between waxing at a nail salon and waxing by a trained professional.  WOW.  I regularly book facials and waxing with Amanda, but have also used others when she is out of town.  First of all, the place is CLEAN and trendy.  Everyone is welcoming and it is an organized business.  The owner, Amanda, actually has a Business degree as well as her other training.  She is savvy and knows what she is doing to meet the needs of her clientele.  She carries Jan Marini products, has a small boutique of clothes, and all kinds of other little perks.  I HIGHLY recommend this Salon and know that fellow Yelpers will not be disappointed.  QUALITY QUALITY QUALITY!
5	Awesome boutique spa!!  I had a wonderful facial by Danielle. My skin was literally glowing after! It was so relaxing and my skin felt amazing for days after!  I can see an improvement in my skin even after just one visit. If you're looking for a great boutique spa with a customized experience, I recommend booking a facial with Danielle.  I will definitely be back!
5	I just had a great first time visit with Lori at One Love. I've driven by it a thousand times but gave it a try with a Living Social deal. Awesome! She did a meticulous dermaplane treatment with other facial things to exfoliate and moisturize. She offers other services that I'll probably check into. Great experience!
5	Went to One Love Boutique through a Living Social special.  They offered a dermaplane and facial treatment for an unbelievable price.  I can honestly say that Lori P. did the best job out of all the facials I have had.  Such a relaxing atmosphere. She never tried to sell me on products. I have spent double the price and more at other facilities and none compared to my experience with Lori.  She gained a new client!!
5	So sweet and knowledgable, and clean! Thanks can't wait for the next one!!
5	I found One Love Boutique Spa and Salon through Groupon and I can honestly say this was the best facial I've ever had. My skin was glowing after my appointment with Lori. It looked and felt so refreshed. Lori was so nice and knowledgeable about skincare. She took care of all of the concerns I had about my skin.  I've already booked another appointment with Lori and can't wait to go back to One Love. I would definitely recommend booking a facial here. Your skin will thank you later!
4	Danielle was amazing! She did such a great job on my face! She was extremely knowledgable about skin and facial products and how they work together. Throughout the whole facial she made sure I was comfortable and taken care of. I will definitely be back!
5	Saw Danielle for a pumpkin facial...she suggested derma planing and it is amazing!! My skin looks smooth and glowy.  Service was great and the spa is really quaint and cute! Prices are very reasonable too!
