5	Ok so I haven't started reviewing McDonald's yet...but this rendition of Starbucks deserved it. A huuge space above Princes Street, giving a view over the city with a comfort of a biscuit and tea. Tons of space (think Tottenham Court Road London Starbucks times two without the creepy church people and tramps). Do it.  Tromp up those stairs and rest. No really. Edinburgh is the best at everything.
5	Ok, so everybody knows what Starbucks is, and you might think there's no need to be reviewing it. But you haven't been to this particular one.I've lived in Edinburgh for four years and I'd never even noticed this branch before, as it's just a tiny little doorway leading up a flight of stairs, dwarfed between Currys and HMV. I was out of bed far too early for my liking when I happened to be passing it and I was in desperate need of some caffeine, so I dragged myself up the stairs and it was a very pleasant surprise!For starters, it was huge. As in, probably the only Starbucks I've ever been in where you not only find a seat every time, but also have a choice of where you sit! I perched myself on one of the bige comfy leather sofas by the window, and the view of the castle was so good I actually took a picture of it through the window (have a look at it for yourself).Every coffee place I ever go into for the rest of my life is going to be a massive anti-climax after this...
5	this is one of the most amazing Starbucks I've ever been in - and I've been in a few.You would never really notice it unless you were looking for it - so look up. The view is amazing, it's second to none in the city. The staff are good too!
5	Five stars for starbucks - wow. I am taking for granted that everyone knows the Starbucks chain so I don't need to go into detail regarding the usual coffee and cakes on offer. I wouldn't come here for a good java, but I would definitely come here for convenient fun coffee with syrups and sugar galore, and the cinnamon swirl (mmm).But I was actually blown away by this branch. You need to walk up some stairs from  Princes St. to get there, which in itself is a first for any Starbucks I've come across. And what a difference it makes. This branch is like a grand hall, a temple even, for those in need of their java fix, catch up with friends, or even a hide-away to spend half a day working, studying or reading. It's big, very big. There are comfy sofas galore, there are even dedicated lap top desks up the back.And the view. Wow. Huge, ornate windows that look directly out over the castle. It almost brought a tear of joy to my eye it was so pretty, but that could have been the caramel-laced espresso shot hitting my slightly hungover and sleep-deprived system.As I've said in a review previously. Starbucks is starbucks is starbucks. The coffee and cakes are the same as always, but this branch really is one to be experience and enjoyed, time and time again. I think this is my new favourite hotspot for whiling or working away.
5	I know what you're thinking, 5 stars for a Starbucks, really? Yes it's true. This is actually the best Starbucks I've ever been to, and trust me, I've been to quite a few. The baristas are super friendly and efficient - if there is a line, it disappears quickly. Wonderful views of the castle. And I don't know how, but the standard pastries, food, and coffee of Starbucks actually taste better at this location. Is that even possible? Apparently it is. Maybe it's some kind of Edinburgh magic that is only specific to this particular site. haha. Nonetheless, a fabulous Starbucks. Wow, now there's a sentence I never thought I would say.
2	Things I dont like about Starbucks   - The crossants - plasticy and bleh   - A latte has 1/5 of the caffeine of a latte in an artisan cafe   - The "Im cool I work in starbucks" staff   - The attitude to dare tell me that i cant have my coffee in a mug as they are closing in 30 minutes!! I am a customer......if I am paying and paying to stay I am having my coffee is a mug! especially when you are going to try and charge me the "sit-in" price!!Things I like about starbucks   - The espresso   - The mugs & the tools to go create your favourite cofee at home   - The few decent long term staff they have that remember your orderIn my experience the smaller Edinburgh starbucks tend to be better than the huge ones! The best being the one on Lothian road. The are undoubtedly though a vitim of their size.Overall....... I would go to Peters Yard or Werllington coffee any day given the choice!
4	WTF. A Starbucks with an awesome view. Bet you the store on George Street is pissed.W.T.F.
1	Great views over Edinburgh castle but that's about it. I'm only here because it's late on a Sunday and raining outside. There are so many independent cafes in Edinburgh with better coffee, cake & atmosphere there should be no excuses for going to Starbucks
4	AMAZING VIEW and thanks for the WiFi.  Otherwise it's just your typical Starbucks...but it's clean, convenient and close to everything.  Loved it
4	A Starbucks is a Starbucks is a Starbucks... That is the whole point of an international franchise. This location, however, has an amazing view and is the perfect spot for this tourist to duck into to take advantage of free wifi and check email. The place is huge with tons of comfy couches and a second story view overlooking the castle and old town.
4	Views of the castleLots of room to sit, studyService hit or miss
5	This is it! It's my favourite Starbucks in Edinburgh! From Prince's Street, the entrance may look slightly odd and not overly inviting as signs try to lure you one floor up for your coffee but, once you do come up the stairs, you look around in awe. It is beautiful, inviting, light, airy, and welcoming. The views of the castle are amazing and there are so many great seats along their plentiful windows that everyone can bask in the views and enjoy them here. The coffees are excellent (my praline mocha today was absolutely fantastic!) and this is a perfect refuge from the crowds of Prince's Street.
4	I'm a Starbucks junkie. This one wins with the view. You have a perfect view of Edinburgh Castle! The only issue is the stairs. It is not handicap assessable. I was fine, but I immediately wondered how they were able to build a location like this.
4	Holy Guacamole! This place is huge! Easily would seat 150. And to add to the cool factor  it upstairs and the large bay window looks out at the castle on the hill. Staff was friendly and efficient, had a really nice "biscuit" (British speak for cookie): a shortbread cookie dipped in chocolate and caramel. If they had this in the states, I would eat it every day!They were quite busy so the the dining room really needed attention. Other than that, a nice place.
3	i'm a starbucks fan, it's reliable, you always know what you are going to get, and literally there is one on almost every street corner in the centre of Edinburgh.  that said though, i find this starbucks branch only A-OK.  as it's right on princes street it's generally fairly crowded which means hard to get a seat.  although it's a fairly large open space, i found that the savoury selections on offer were a bit lacking.  they did have a fair number of paninis, but only one of their salad box options which i find are nicer than the paninis.  the cake selection looked decent but i was after lunch not cake so i didn't sample any of it.the plus points for this place are with a large space and loads of tables i was able to find a seat and service was quick.  there was only one person in front of me in the queue so i was served right away, but paying took a bit longer than needed as the barista was trying to convince me to use my starbucks card instead of just paying in cash.  i also found the place was incredibly cold, but that could have been because i was still wet from getting soaked by the rain on my way there.  either way, this place is good for a quick coffee stop to catch up with a friend or just get out of the rain.
