5	A locally-owned art supply store, gallery, & record shop (they also sell some local clothing). Along with your standard art supplies, this is also one of the few (only??) places you can buy On The Run markers, Montana spraypaint, & various other goodies. They cater mainly to a student/indie/graffiti crowd & have friendly staff. On Final Fridays they have gallery shows with live music, drinks & snacks.
5	i love this shop.  i go for the marker pens, screen ink, sketchbooks, brushes...general awesomeness.  if you buy "art supplies" and you haven't been to wet paint, you're livin' wrong my friend.
5	I love Wet Paint, the store itself and the actual thing.This is my 'go to' store for all my legal and illegal art supplies. I picked up a grab bag of tips there...30 tips...really? hell yes I will take it!I once saw a perfect black bag near the front window, I was willing to drop whatever the cost to get that damn bag. The only downside was that the employee could not locate the item in the catalog and therefore was unsure if it was even for sale. DAMMIT!It is the place to grab those overseas graffiti magazines for a mere $6 a piece! haha.Speaking of $6, I cant resist splurging on Montana Hardcore paint either...it may be an addiction.I got my friend one of the painted toys they sell in the display case for her birthday, of course she loved it.In the end, I always seems to spend 1/3 of the paycheck, but I dont mind it at all.
5	They are fully stocked with all the colors of paints I need. I frequent the store as much as possible to help support their family owned store. Not only are they helpful with specific mediums they also help out in the community. They make positive changes in people's live and in the community. Highly recommended!
5	Seriously, best place to get graffitti supplies Ive come across!  Paint markers and spray paint galore!!!  Awesome family owned store, they pack a lot into a smaller space, and have always been very friendly and helpful.  The spray painted walls are awesome and they have a little space for live painting!  They also carry all sorts of collectable toys and art magazines.  Good location right next to ASU and next to a comic shop!  ;)  Overall an awesome place to get supplies that i frequent.  Thanks Jess for having a badass store!!!!
5	This place is awesome.  I like to go here before Utrecht just because I like that they are a locally owned store and sometimes have amazing deals and sales.  I appreciate that they are involved in the art community and have a great selection of supplies to choose from.They may have a small store but they have a wide range of stuff to choose from.  The staff is also super nice, helpful, and work with you.Recommendation: To any art non-art aficionados.
5	Wow! This place was so great. I've been searching for a way to seal a mural that I inked in permanent marker and then painted with acrylic paint for over a year now. Every place I went sold me things that they promised would work but they all made the marker bleed. Of course they wouldn't take them back either. I came into Wet Paint and the girl was SO helpful. She didn't look at me like I was retarded because I used markers in the first place and she actually opened up something and tested it on her own piece of art to make sure it wouldn't bleed. I couldn't believe how helpful she was. I was going to buy two big bottles of the sealer but she told me that I would be fine with just one. I really appreciated the honesty. I will be coming here for all of my future art supplies.
5	This probably was a great little store and I would have loved to shop in it but sadly it was gone as if about six months ago and has become a comic book store now, a pretty cool looking store actually, just no painting supplies.  The owner of the new store couldn't have been nicer though and cheerfully told me where the next closest art supply store was, Utrecht Art Supplies just a couple blocks down University at Rural.
