5	Great food, tea, excellent service, decor,fresh flowers (so many fresh flowers, you feel you are at a flower store!)live music nice and romantic atmosphere (a little formal and fancy)lovely china set.I already booked my next visit for next month. :-)A great place to take out important visitors/clients/dates$32 per person, but really great time gauranteed.### stopping by doesn't work very well. They ask for reservation. It's a pretty small place. - They have dozen tables perhaps? I booked a week in advance for Sunday afternoon. ###Could somebody tell me how this place compares to Fairmont Queen Elizabeth? Their afternoon tea is $25 per person.http://www.yelp.ca/biz/fairmont-the-queen-elizabeth-montreal--- I just tried Fairmont Queen Elizabeth as well. I think Maitre Chocolatier is better :-) though more expensive, more cozy, and personable atmosphere, and perhaps better food. (more choice of jam, + fig jam, and more delicious cream, and more types of food)
4	pinkies up!Nothing makes me feel like a fancy shmancy lady like having high tea, and Le Maitre Chocolatier knows how to do it just right. Coming in for 4pm reservations, almost all tables were full of ladies (and a few gentlemen) of all ages, sipping on hot tea and relaxing in the cozy tea room. Opposed to other tea houses I have been to, this one had a more modern feel, not packed with antiques, lace and frills like one might expect. It was just the right setting, not one where you feel as though you have to whisper or like you might get in trouble for touching something valuable. The high tea starts off by picking your brew and they have quite an extensive collection! The best part is that they give you a tray of individual tins which house a tea bag, allowing you to smell all the varieties to best pick your favorite tea. No picking from a menu here!  The waitress, who was serving the entire room but paying great attention to each table, recommended that my friend and I start off with one pot, which was my choice of a peach apricot blend, and then brew my friend's English breakfast pick when the first pot was done. We never made it to the second pot though, even after plenty of refills for the both of us, so if you are set on having your choice of tea, I would say ask for both pots from the get go.After the tea is served and you have a bit to sip and enjoy, the yummy petite food is served up beautifully and our waitress explained that what we were about to indulge on was typical English high tea fare, with some french twists, such as the Foie gras. The bottom tray had 4 cucumber sandwiches, 2 polenta, 2 smoked duck meat sandwiches, 4 egg salad sanwiches and 2 Foie gras on crackers. Might I add these are mini sandwiches, not full size. The second tier held delicious rasin scones and a variety of cream/ jams. The top of the platter held decadent chocolates and petite desserts. Everything I ate was delicate and delicious and the desserts rich. The services was leisurely, as is the nature of high tea.A very nice afternoon activity and highly recommended.
5	I've been a fan for years since Shawn & Nada's early struggles.I'm still a fan since it's been taken over by a group of energetic, hardworking youngsters.Saturday, I went to indulge in their new offerings of patisseries and ice-cream. As with their tea service and the chocolatier everything is of the utmost quality and looks marvelous too.I started with the subtler flavor of the Market Spices tea ice cream; I found luxuriously gratifying. Then onto the Molten Orange cake, which was enveloping of all senses, buttery cake, the orange fragrance, wonderful presentation, it was near a religious experience I had goose bumps. To say so.o o . o .o o. o good doesn't say near enough. "Hoper I." had to of accidentally posted under the wrong business; everything here has always been hand/home-made and super unique.I know that Shawn made several trips to Africa, Asia and Europe to source his ingredients & teas.The  patisseries and ice-cream menu will change often depending on the freshest and finest ingredients available.I indulge at Le Maitre Chocolatier no less than 5 times a year.
