4	This comfortably elegant restaurant is well worth the trip to a somewhat isolated part of Ste Catherine, well beyond the buzz of the Village. We were group of twenty who sampled all over the menu, from arctic char to black pudding. Food was consistently excellent and beautifully presented. Servers were somewhat overwhelmed, but I'd guess that with a smaller group or a slower night, they'd do just fine.
5	Lovely little gem of a restaurantGrain De Sel on St. Catherine east of The VillageStill undiscovered but not for long. I organized a dinner here for twenty and I was amazed at the chef's ability.His menu is market driven and very creative without being too far out there.In the 10 years I have been coming to Montreal I have never been this far east on St. Catherine. A cab is suggested-but it is only a 15 minute walk from the subway if you choose.VERY fair prices for the quality of the food. Dinner began with good bread and an lovely assortments of spreads/condiments.Then a slice of house made saucisse en croute as an amuse bouche My entree was Calamri cooked two ways=flash fried and cooked 12 hours sous vide.A very clever pairing along with a sauce picante drizzled on the side.My main was a boneless quail with a stuffing flavored with its liver and apples seved with curried lentils and broccolli rabe-a great combination of flavors.My dessert was a white chocolate creme with rubahrb-ordered this after seeing the gourgeous Quebecquios rhubarb in the Jean Talon market the day before-it was amazing.Our waiter Patrick took wonderful care of us and the chef came by to say hello and offered to listen to any advice we might have. Jean Francios is a wonderful chef who is following his passion.This place is going to be the next hot spot IMO
4	Excellent service.  Excellent food. Cozy ambiance. Reasonnable prices.  Will be going back for sure!
4	my buddy, my fiancee and i came here for dinner recently.. i usually plan everything on my trips but since my buddy did all the research on montreal.. i let him steer us around for dinner.. needless to say.. his choice in cuisine is quite impeccable.. we grabbed a bottle of beer cultivated by the master chef  (ferran adria) and my fiancee got a glass for wine.. we started off with a wild mushroom pie and the escargot.. both of which were quite good.. although there could have been more escargot.. my fiancee got the duck confit which came out looking like a fried duck burrito.. it was pretty disappointing.. i got the surf and turf black pudding.. it came with 3 large scallops which were cooked perfectly.. the black pudding was really rich and definitely one of the best things i had during my montreal trip.. i forgot what my buddy got.. but i believe it was a beef dish because i remember it not being as good as the beef cheeks i had holder the night before.. for dessert.. we got the sugar pie which was really really sweet (yeah.. go figure).. i wasn't exactly a fan of it but we finished it pretty damn quickly.. of note.. this place is about a 10 minute walk from the metro
4	I go to Montreal twice a year for the day for shopping. As much as I love the city and the shopping at Simon's, I love to source a new place for an indulgent lunch. This year I stumbled on this place, and with a $12 CA cab ride arrived here, alone, ipad in hand.    The owner seated me and offered apologies for the all french menu. He returned for an interpretation, but alas while I don't speak french, I do read food french.    The setting was neat and small, it's obvious that the "in crowd" has found this place. The patrons were as neat and pretty as the setting. The menu is a plate composed of choice of starter and entree. I had the salad fraiche which was like a healthy slaw of fresh greens. Marvelously fresh and nice. The bread and 6 choice condiments, served along side, crashed my slow carb diet. Awesome touch.   My entree was the lamb chili of sorts wrapped in a chard leaf. It was served with broccoli, carrots and a mustard parsnip mash. The entree was ample and nice, though the leaf was hard to cut through, had it been steamed it might have been better. Service was very European, and the wine selection was nice and my Alacante was awesome with the lamb.     Nice job, love to try the fish and chips and the fries on the table next to me looked awesome.
4	I dined at Le Grain de Sel with some friends to celebrate my birthday last week, and it sure did not disappoint! The food was lovely. The waitress brought us fresh bread with an array of condiments including an orange pesto and a caviar jelly. So yummy! I shared the seafood bisque as an entree and it was good- but not quite hot enough. The mains at our table ended up mostly being the wild mushroom ravioli and the veal spider steak. I had the wild mushroom ravioli (it was the only vegetarian option) and it was delicious! My only complaint is that it was a little on the salty side. I was told that the veal was excellent as well. As with a lot of fancy restos, the portions were reasonably-sized but not generous. The guys were still hungry after the meal. All that aside, the service was quick and friendly. The chef even came to our table to make sure we were enjoying the food. Prices were reasonable as well- $17-30 mains. I would go back again to celebrate another special occasion :)
3	Sometimes it pays to be in larger groups when the bill will be larger and provide bigger tips.  My wife and I seemed to be overlooked, especially towards the end of the meal.  Took 16 minutes to order dessert.  Way too long.The ravioli was great and pork belly was tender.  Ther prawns were a little over done.  I would try going here again to see what happens.  I was not going to cause a scene, but by the end, I was just trying to get out of there.  The food was a 4, but the service seemed slow.
5	I can't recommend this place highly enough.We had reservations for one night, but there was some problem in the kitchen and they didn't open. They tried to call and let me know but couldn't get through, so when we arrived at the restaurant there was an apologetic note on the door written to me. It was so nice I took a picture of it, and then the chef came out and said he was sorry and asked if we could come back the next day (he gave us our choice of times on a busy Friday night).I have to say it was worth the wait. We started with the lobster escabeche, spicy beef tartare, and a cherry tomato/bone marrow dish which were all incredible. And because of what happened the day before, the chef bought us each a glass of cider. For mains we got the stuffed squid and the surf and turf (scallops and black pudding) which were delicious. For dessert, it was a pastry filled with hazelnut and a cold grape soup with sorbet and cake. The whole meal was fresh, perfectly seasoned, and just looked pretty. The servers were great, attentive but not in our faces and we definitely did not feel rushed.If there ever was a meal worthy of a 5-star review, it was this one.
5	Worth the trip. With foodie culture popping up in every major city, it's hard for me to walk out of a place and feel compelled to go back. The service is great (ask the owner about his story!) but more importantly, the food is somehow novel, yet classic, and unpretentious. Think classic French (yawn) but with twists and turns. I had steak and escargot, but we were in a big party so I sampled most entrees and apps and all desserts - blows away most bistros in the States. They also lent us an umbrella as a torrential downpour started when we were leaving, and told us to keep it. I'll be returning some day, with said umbrella.
4	Went with a party of 5 people. Got the charcuiterie plate which was so much larger than we thought but good value. Had a rabbit dish and various others along with panna cotta dessert.  Saw that the kitchen had a charcoal grill which gave great flavours in the dishes. Staff were super nice and atmosphere was casual and upbeat. Never felt rushed and were actually left alone to eat and chat. A bit on the pricey side however creativity and flavours were above average.  Worth a visit if you are seeking a relaxed atmosphere yet good food.
5	Great food, exactly as expected because of other people reviews. Very tasty! Great lentil soup and salad, pasta was delicious, fish and chips just good...
5	We were staying in the area and found this place by chance. What a treat! We ordered the the lamb leg and mushroom ravioli. They were both priced very fairly and tasted even better than they looked. The presentation was classic French and spot on. The bread that was served with dinner had 3 different condiments; a delicious hummus, amazing fennel-mustard and a delectable anise-tomato relish. The wine we had was also tasty and reasonably priced. It's well worth the trip to this quaint restaurant just north of the downtown area.
