2	Five Guys is a burger chain from Arlington, VA with a plethora of awards, a cult following, and a firm endorsement from President Barack Obama. I must have walked by the Tempe location of Five Guys about Five Times and never felt inclined to go in. I was either not hungry, didn't want a burger, or was turned off by the appearance of the place. White, red, florescent lighting, loud "classic" music, stacked bags of potatoes, and huge crates of peanuts. It's like Fuddrucker's died (actually fuddruckers did die... RIP) and In N Out had relations with it's dead carcass and created Five Guys.Their prices are definitely not fast food prices. I had a "little burger" with fries and a soda and my total was just shy of $10 which is about $5 less than the same thing from prime burger joints around the valley. The girl behind the register did a nice job of explaining the menu to me, but was texting I think at the same time so her concentration was not there when I had a question, and it still wasn't there when she made my burger (yes, she made it) because she forgot some of my toppings. I found the burger to be about in line with Denny's or Five and Diner. It was better than fast food, but not by a huge margin. The fries were God-awful soft messes. This may be personal preference here, but I want my fries to be crispy and NOT TASTE LIKE POTATO.I wanted to enjoy my experience as it's a place to walk to from home, but honestly, for the quality to price ratio, I'd rather get in the car and drive ten minutes to Fez, Delux, or Richardson's for that Green Chile Burger, which are all $10. They don't include any fries, but c'mon, with a really good burger you don't need any sides. Overall, it just wasn't good, and I'll be asking Barack for a stimulus refund for the cost of my burger.
5	They say they open at 11 AM, but they were already roaring busy when I arrived at 11 today.  The service was friendly, & there are free, tasty peanuts in the shell to help yourself to, to hold you over while they fix your burger.Their regular burger comes piled up to the sky with two meat patties & your choice of as many of the FIFTEEN add-ons that you want.  I ordered mine with mayo, lettuce, pickles, tomatoes, grilled mushrooms, ketchup, relish, & diced raw onions.  I also ordered a regular fries, Five Guys style.While you munch on a few peanuts, FOURTEEN people run around behind the counter making your burger (while still others scurry around the in the nice dining area keeping everything in top shape)!In a little while my order was ready.  It comes bagged up to go, with your MONSTER burger wrapped in aluminum foil, & the big order of fries way overflowing the cup it is served in.  I started on the fries first.  They come well browned, with peels on, & they're 5-Stars, straight up!With its terrific tasting meat & everything else, this big boy beat even the Smokehouse Burger at Bobby-Q ($10) to become the best hamburger I've ever eaten!  I think it's absolutely worth the money:(Double) Hamburger $5.09, Fries (plenty for 2 people) $2.59(Enter the restaurant from near the corner of Washington Bv. & 1st Av., arriving between 10:30 & 11 AM if you can, as by 11:30 this morning the line was WAY out the door!)     :-))
4	Awesome burgers and HUGE portions. The fries were not "all that" and I sure do wish they served shakes/malts. And the WORSE part is that they don't validate your parking garage ticket (which is directly below the venue). Hell even CVS validates tickets (after you buy a .50 cent candy bar or something).All of that aside the burgers are top shelf (and full of calories).
4	I had only eaten at a 5 Guys twice before.  Once was lunch on Mill Avenue, the other was breakfast in National Airport near DC.  (Breakfast items are not on the menu at most locations.)This is often compared to In-n-Out and I think that the comparison is fair.  The burgers are comparable, but there are so many options that it takes a while to figure out how you want it.  The standard hamburger is actually two patties, so one might want to order a "small" hamburger or cheeseburger if they are not accustomed to ordering a double meat burger.  The fries are, in my opinion, much better than In-n-Out.  (The fries at In-n-Out have always been a week point unless you order them Well Done or Well Light off the secret menu.) The Regular order of fries is huge.  Next time we will order one Large for two people.As a Dbacks season ticket-holder, this place will be handy before games.  My first visit was to get carryout and the shortcoming there is that they don't validate parking.  Your choices are to street park (I got a spot on Adams at First Ave) or to park in the garage and pick up something at CVS, which does validate.For carryout, we will definitely be back.  There is no In-n-Out in the vicinity, Lenny's Burgers are somewhat inconsistent, and there is a slight edge over Whataburger.
3	This one is an easy one for me.  A solid meh.  The Burger itself is so so.  A little overpriced in my opinion.  It's not great, it's not bad.  It just is.  The fries were either too soggy or too crunchy.  Complinetary peanuts do nothing for me unless I am at a bar.  The decor is pretty cheesy.  White with red accents and the music is too loud.  I could barely hear my number being called.  All in all I wish a Fatburger had gone into this location instead.
2	Solid 2.5 stars.....3 for the online ordering system and 2 for the food. While I usually round up I decided to round down. If I had waited in line for this I would have been even more disappointed in the quality of the food. I placed my order in online through a very user friendly process. They sent me an email confirming the pick-up time and I walked on over to pick it up. Past the early hordes of lunch time downtowners. The website says they cook your fries once you arrive. Hummm...I doubt that...these things had been sitting around for a while, some soggy, some dry and others slightly burnt. The small serving is HUGE and good luck finding your burger in your greasy bag under all the fries. I finally tore open the bag along its side and dug everything out. Tried to salvage what was good from the fries, I choose a few soggy ones. I finally just got grossed out and tossed the fries. Now the burger, wrapped in tin-foil, looked like someone tried to force it from hamburger shape into a round ball before putting it in the bag. When I opened the foil that is what it looked like too. A soggy mess. It was all edible with a fork. I enjoyed the thick sliced pickles and the fresh ingredients, but I thought I ordered bacon...oh wait there it is....paper thin and burnt. Over hyped YES. If I ever get a burger craving at work again, I would rather go to the Burger King on 1st St.
3	I knew Five Guys back when there was only one in the DC area, so the chain concept really doesn't work for me.  Don't get me wrong, the food is good, but just not as good as Five Guys used to be.  So glad to have them downtown at Cityscape though and hope they do really well!
3	So after reading some not so hot reviews, it took me a bit longer to check this place out than I normally would. I decided after a great workout at Golds, what better way to reward myself than a cheeseburger and fries! So I sauntered into 5 guys, and got down to business. I ordered the "small" burger, which just means that you only have one patty instead of two. They have an enormous list of toppings, I ordered it with everything. That included mayo, ketchup, mustard, pickles, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions and grilled mushrooms. They had a bunch of other toppings too, but what I had was more than enough. I decided to go with the regular fries as opposed to the cajun fries, that they're supposedly known for. I do have to say I'm always impressed when burger joints have the hand-cut fries. They were good here, not the best I've ever had, but good. (That honor goes to my fave spot back in Washington, Burger Express). The burger was good, it seemed better than most people's experiences I think. it could be that they weren't crazy busy, as it was just after they opened on a Sunday. It was just what I wanted in a burger. Juicy, messy and a decent price. I still think Lenny's burgers are way better, but the fries here get the nod. Overall a cool little spot in downtown to get a decent burger and fries.
3	Good burger but they don't do the best on getting orders correct.  There were 3 of us and only one person had their order correct.
4	It was good....
2	Blech. ~$5 burger that I could hardly differentiate from one of those things wrapped in foil for 3 days at AM/PM. Didn't even finish it.Also, the employees laughing and goofing around while some seriously fucked up, tripping, bloody homeless guy traipsed through the place purposely smearing his blood and sweat all over the people and the equipment didn't exactly wet my appetite. If he tried to touch my daughter I would have killed him with our stroller and then started in on the staff.Extra star for the now bloody pile of peanuts and potato in the middle of the room. That's pretty fun.
3	I tried out this place when I was in Baltimore last winter.  It is good, but not the best burger for the money.  The price is right for what you get for the money.  Once you add fries and a drink you are at $10.00, still not too bad.I ordered the cheese burger.  I enjoyed have grilled mushrooms and onions on my burger, but the overall taste was bland.  The fries did not really have too much flavor.  The place is crowded, but they move you along in an orderly manner.  It can be a challenge to find setting during lunch hour.  However, I was able to find a place to sit quickly.I do not have all that much to say.  The menu is limited and they provide free peanuts.
2	Tried this in Tempe but in a quick moment of haste I asked for the works and it came that way - my mistake as I hate ketchup and Mayo on burgers as it disguises the flavors and both were included, but that was my fault.Vowed to try it again and when I did I omitted those offenders and it was great.  Came out promptly, result was good, tasty and far better than the competition (In-N-out ).  Mid priced burger was good value and the burger seemed of comparable caliber for price.  The meat was flavorful, the bun soft and they sported crisp veggies.  Order was exactly correct on delivery. A bit pricey, but not that bad overall.Free peanut starters are a real plus as you wait - somebody was thinking on their toes for both client's hunger and preoccupation.PS - Note on comments that compare this place to In-N-Out , I do not consider them competition as I have seen In-N-Out as a filthy, dirty place where fries are scooped across the counter and back into the serving bin.  I searched on In 'N Out's website and it doesn't allow you to report it (like they don't care.  end of rant).
2	After a cool night of sampling drinks and treats at the very first Yelp Helps event at CityScape (downtown), I thought I finally try this place since it's so conveniently nearby.  Well, with mediocre expectations actually, I was not impressed with their BURGER.I was really, really hoping that it would be better than this! Really! :)I ordered their "Little" cheese burger, which is a single patty burger.  I added my favorite toppings, mushrooms and onions, no extra cost (btw).  For sides, I ordered their Regular Cajun Fries that came in like a 16 oz. cup.  Excellent, seasoned very well and soft and tasted very, very POTATO-ee.  I would go back just for that.The two problems to me were the BUNs and the PATTY.  If I didn't know any better, the buns were made of saw dust or card board! During the process of them compiling the burger, I did not see them toasting or buttering the buns like most places would.The patty was not juicy or had that beefy flavor, I tasted mostly the DRY buns.  Same applied to my toppings, the mushrooms and onions. I felt the buns overrode everything!Victory to the FRIES.
4	Awesome burgers for a "fast food" place. Best fries! Quite the stereo system!
1	This place was a total waste of time.  My friend and I did a long bike ride, and found ourselves craving burgers.  We considered our options, and decided to go with Five Guys because it was close to my house, would give us  a chance to check out Cityscape, and our president famously ate there shortly after taking up residence in the White House.  I am SO not impressed.  I ordered the little burger, which is a single patty, and the fries.  I got way too many fries, and there wasn't any ranch dressing evident into which I could dip them.  So, I was not inclined to eat my fries at all.  The burger was ok.  The big sacks of potatoes in the middle of the restaurant was not appealing (pun intended).  The place was noisy; the music was too loud for conversation.  And the Cityscape development is lame.
4	Fatburger and In-N-Out move over!It was the weekend of CityScapes grand opening, and one of the busiest places was this burger joint. I came here with a friend between concerts, and was amazed by how great the burgers were! Here's the rundown:The place: nice and clean (however, it was opened for only a few days when I went). They have boxes of peanuts sitting out for you to scoop a bunch and eat while in line, or sitting and enjoying your burger. I'm not a peanut fan, but I thought it was pretty cool! However, they make a mess, even with the crew cleaning the shells up constantly.The service: friendly and fast. Now, when I went, about half of Phoenix was in the area because of CityScape, so it did take a while to get our burgers, but that was expected with a line out the door (that formed in a matter of minutes). I'm sure on a normal day, the service would be much quicker.The price: it's...pricey. Yes, you get a good burger, and a "Small" is the size of a normal burger anywhere else, but almost $6? I felt like it was just a tad but too much. However, you can get almost anything you want on the burger for no additional charge. I didn't get fries or a drink (because of the price, and I already had a Pepsi in hand). Overall, I'm impressed. So far, Five Guys wins my vote as the best burger in Phoenix.
4	I don't know what the other reviewers are talking about, but for a "fast food" burger I think Five Guys rocks!  I went here with my Husband, who has been raving out Five Guys ever since he had it a month ago.  He has been begging me to go, but I don't eat fast food very often, so it wasn't on my priory list.  Well, we went here before a Suns game last week and I must say, it blew me away.The burger is, by far, the best fast food burger I've had.  It was made to order and I had all the toppings I love.  I got the "little" cheese burger with hot sauce (oh so good) and grilled onions and mushrooms.  We shared regular fries and they too were sooo... good!  So, for what it is, Five Guys is great!  I know my Husband and I will be back when we get a craving for a good, cheap, fatty meal.
4	My mom lives in Arizona and we went to visit downtown Phoenix. I was apprehensive eating here being a vegetarian and all. In-N-Out is less vegetarian friendly, but I was so happy to find that for me, I liked this place slightly more than In-N-Out. Don't get me wrong, I will always defend my Cali roots, but come-on All The Way Veggie Sandwich with Cheese. It was pricier than In-N-Out, but it's a good sized sandwich. The fries are larger, thicker, a little greasier, but good and they give large portions even for the regular sized fries. Will come back to try Cajun fries and the grilled cheese. I was with my family and it was nice to see there were kids sized items too. Vegetarian friendly and on my list to re-visit.
4	I've tried 5 guys on Mill. *waits for dirty minds to work* and now I've had 5 guys at cityscape. I had the veggie sandwich ...it was good but I didn't feel any more veggie than usual, and I'm sure it was just as unhealthy as the burgers.  4/5 because outside seating sucks and it's hot as heck outside 90% of the time.
4	This downtown location is almost always busy.  In a very nice corner of a nice new shopping/dining/pedestrian mall.  Outside seating nice, inside is nice.  It's new, so shiny, bright, clean.I live two blocks way, and dine here about once a week.  A regular double cheeseburger with back and "all the way" topings and regular fries will feed two modestly hungry people, say a skinny woman and man, with fries to spare.   $12.  Get two regular burgers and fries, add 3 or 4 bucks, and you've got a rich meal.  The burgers are great for fast food.  Better than in n out, better than any other fast food burger.  Fries are $2.50 but they serve like the equivalent of 2-3 extra large McDonalds fries portions, so it feeds me, the wife, and two small kids and we are stuffed.  They serve peanuts in the shell for a fun, messy way to pass the time waiting for the burgers to cook, and you can easily wait 10-15 minutes for your food to be ready.  Overally, the only negative is that these guys make such huge margins... charging $12 for a burger and fries in a fast food setting feels like highway robbery.They get away with it because the quality is outstanding.  But honestly, I could get a better burger and fries, for about the same price, at a great restaurant.  So you be the judge.  If you are a quality over quantity person in terms of bang for your buck, then come here and endulge.  But this would be an expensive lunch habit if you work downtown and eat here often.Of course you'd likely drop dead from a coronary far before you went broke.And for the love of god don't order online.  They just hold your order until you arrive, as people have complained otherwise that the fries aren't fresh.  It maybe saves 5 minutes off the process, and of course waiting in line, but unless you are going during lunch rush hour, just head down there with a book or a companion.
4	Ross and I moved to Arizona from Arlington, VA. We use to walk to the original Five Guy's burger stand. So, you can imagine our excitement and concern to see Five Guy's become a "chain" and start popping up all over the valley. Frankly, I was worried that quality would suffer. Five Guys is still exactly how I remember the experience: Long lines, simple burgers, and tons of french fries. It's a great treat and, in my opinion, surpasses In and Out Burgers.Some tips for visiting: 1. Unless you are a big man or extremely hungry, stick with the "Little Burger" (one patty). 2. ONE small order of Fries should be enough for a table of four. They give you a serving and then they dump an additional serving into the paper bag. 3. Don't visit during lunch hour during the week (anywhere between 11:30 and 1:30) -- the line and wait for a simple burger is outrageous. We love Five Guy's -- mostly for nostalgia, but also because of the freshness and taste of the burger!!! I think your own experience and opinion will vary depending on how long you have to wait ...it IS after all only a burger.
2	The buns were pasty and not toasted enough and the meat was overcooked and dry.  Just a notch above Carl's Jr.
3	Not great, not awful.  I just wasn't terribly impressed.... everyone keeps telling me how great their fries are but I didn't think they were anything special.   They do give you a TON of them.... my husband and I split a large order of the Cajun fries and only finished about 1/3 of what they gave us.    I did appreciate the large array of toppings available to customize the burger to your liking, especially fresh jalapenos.  Next time I'll skip the fries and stick to the single burger, which for a "fast food" burger was pretty tasty!
3	3/5 gluttonousthe burger is good. and by good, i mean it is fat-ful and greasy and loaded. you get to choose a bunch of toppings on it, then it comes with literally a cup of fries that's about 2 whole potatoes. yeah think about it.anyways, it hits the spot though. and hard. you'll be comatose afterwards, but you know that sometimes this is exactly what you're looking for. be careful with the toppings though, you could accidentally mess up your burger (mustard and bbq sauce are not too great together). i like the fries though, and overall it's a very substantial meal.the atmosphere is also fun, and i like the workers whenever i come by.
2	This place is just ok. Long lines and waits do not bother me because downtown we are all used to that. The burgers are not bad but I do have to say that In-n-Out blows thisplace out of the water! And by a long shot. The actual patty has minimal flavor. You have to hope the toppings are flavorful. The fries are ok but not spectacular. The only thing that was awesome to the fullest was the peanuts. but you can't mess them up!
5	Little high priced but so much of such great food. Will definitely go back soon!!!
3	Pretty good burgers, great fries, and a chain feel. The burger I had (bacon cheeseburger) reminded me of a burger you'd find at your friends BBQ- nothing "amazing", but a "fresh" taste to it.For what it is, it is over priced. Lower the prices and I'd give another star.Better than Smash Burger and just plain different from In and Out Burger.P.S. They validate for one hour of parking in the garage.
5	They do validate parking now.
3	Sadly the burger tastes a lot like Fuddruckers burgers.  Not that this is bad, it just seems like there is too much sauce going on.  Part of the problem is that you get to build your own burger and I tend to go overboard.  It is a very limited menu, the burgers come in various sizes and the fries come by the bagful.  The fries are delicious.  The lines can get really long in this location but you can order ahead on-line.  Overall, it's a good burger, but I'm not sure its worth the calories.
1	I seriously cannot recommend the food served here. I was enticed to eat at this new downtown location because I had been so impressed with the french fries served at their south Phoenix restaurant.The fries served here were terrible. My dining partner commented on how soggy and unappetizing they were and took them back to only have them replaced with equally depressing pile of soggy, soft fries. His experience in fast food restaurant management told him all he needed to know by watching them cook the fries. They overload the fryer baskets and never account for time required to bring the oil back up to the proper heat. The result is a soggy fry that tastes more boiled than fried.A real disappointment and an expensive one at that. Most of my fries remained uneaten and the burger was greasy and flavorless. Quality control is not a priority here, but they are quite efficient at taking your hard-earned cash.
2	Sorry, but we don't see what all the hype is about! We've gone twice now & the burgers seem similar to Carl's Jr. Okay I admit, the fries ARE great & they give you a LOT, but I sill LOVE IN-N-OUT's Double-Double faaaar more!  Five Guys doesn't even have shakes! IN-N-OUT's shakes ROCK, as they use real ice cream & they're thick! ...They are also pricy, too!  ...A double cheese burger & a reg order of fries was over $9! We will most likely not return to Five Guys....IN-N-OUT...here we come!  :)
1	This In-N-Out wannabe is not worth the money.  No specials so you have to buy the burger, fries and drink separtely.  Food was not worth the $12 you end up paying.  They DO give you a lot of fries, but quantity is not worth the quality...greasy and soggy.  They also don't tell you their burger is a double burger.  That would've been nice to know and I would've ordered a "little burger".Will NEVER go back.
3	Good burger, awful fries, high prices. Since I appear to be the only person I know not on the Five Guys bandwagon, I decided to give this location a try. I'm still not jumping on board. There's nothing wrong with the location. Cityscape is a great spot in downtown Phoenix. Perfect for the busy lunch crowd, and Five Guys is open for dinner and on weekends. For a fast food burger in this area, it pretty much is as good as it gets. The location is very clean and the staff was very friendly. My walking distance options are Five Guys and McDonald's; Five Guys is always going to win that fight. As I stated earlier, the burger itself is good. I learned my lesson from the Scottsdale location, and ordered the Little Hamburger this time. It's a good size and not too unreasonably priced, but still more than I want to pay for a quick service meal. The huge amount of toppings are wonderful (but I cannot figure out how all the toppings are free yet cheese is an additional 60 cents). It's also a little too messy and greasy to me, but that's probably what appeals to others. The big problem I have with Five Guys is the fries. Why is there no small? The amount that comes in a regular order is way too much. While you certainly get the value of what you pay for in the quantity, there should be a smaller and cheaper option. You also do not get the value of what you pay for in quality. This time I experimented with the Cajun Fries. Just awful. Way too overseasoned and soggy. I left out the cup so my coworkers could finish them off. Not too many people seemed interested. A little more than seven dollars for a burger and an unnecessary amount of fries. No drink (had water back at my office). More money than I want to spend on greasy fast food. But (if you didn't get enough food), there's also complimentary (very salty) peanuts you can gnaw on, too.
4	I love Five Guys! Their burgers are always fresh along with everything else. For first timers I must warn you that there are no combos, so everything is separate: burgers, fries, and drinks.When I had came with my boyfriend there was no line and I orderd a little bacon cheeseburger because their regular hamburgers come with 2 beef patties and 1 is way more than enough for me! Although there weren't a lot of people there it did take a while for us to get our food. And 1 thing that I will admit that I don't like about Five Guys is that they wrap your burgers in foil, which tends the make the bread soggy and by the time you're finished enjoying your bombtastic burger it can be a sloppy mess and not really appealing to look at. Plus there is no free parking nearby.Besides that Five Guys is a good burger place, it might not be the end all to all other burger places but it definitely has potential to be in anyone's top choices!
4	Yes, their burgers are great!  There, I said it.  I'm not a burger lover.  So, take that with a grain of salt.  I'd usually stay away from chains, but on a long drive through Phoenix, I just wanted to drive by and see what downtown looks like.  It's a Saturday after all, and the usual crowd I figured would be away.Come for the burgers; made in different ways the way you wish.  The fries are great, too.  I didn't get a chance to read Yelp before hand, so we ended up ordering two small fries.  The brown bag was so heavy with about 2 lbs of fries.  The good part, they are good, too.I liked that they served several types of tea.  Plus point for that.I was worried about the signs posted all over the restaurant, though.  Is this really their ambiance else where?  Someone join me in telling the chain to get rid of the testimonials by newspapers and magazines on the walls.  It's okay to be good, but tacky to use clippings all over your walls saying so.
4	In 'n' Out, I don't know how to tell you this, but . . . I've found someone else.  No, no, it's not like that, it was nothing you did!  Your burgers with their fresh toppings are delicious... but sometimes I just need a little change of pace, maybe something with grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, and bacon... mmm... bacon.  Oh, sorry.  You want to know the name?  I don't see why that...  You insist?  Okay... it's Five Guys.Oh!  You're upset!  YOU'RE upset!  Well let me tell you what - Five Guys' fries are delicious, whether they come in Cajun OR regular!  And I NEVER liked your fries, In 'n' Out!  I just pretended to like them, but they're skinny, kind of limp, never flavorful, and you don't get very many.  Five Guys cuts 'em thick, salts them up, and pours an extra scoop into the bag, how do you like that!  And they give you FREE peanuts to munch on while you wait.  You never give me anything!What?  No... you're right, Five Guys is a more expensive taste.  That's true, it is over $10 for a burger, fries, and drink, as opposed to your $5.  And I do have to park in a garage that loosely resembles a labyrinth designed by Escher.  But if you eventually make it up to the restaurant, they VALIDATE.  You have NEVER validated me!  Oh, that's right, you have surface parking, but don't try to pretend that's a feature with the temperature hitting 100!  You're ridiculous.What's that?  Does Five Guys have milkshakes?  Uh... hm.  Milkshakes.  I never thought about that.  They don't.  Would you mind if I got my burger and fries from there and then came to you for the shake?  No?  Fine.  You're so overprotective and hyper-traditional sometimes.  Live a little.I hope we can still be friends, In 'n' Out, but I just think I need to see other burgers.  Please don't pelt me with limp fries when I turn my back.
2	With Lenny's and Lucky's being so close, the burgers here are a late night compromise, only. I'd rather have a side of peanuts over the soggy fries; that is, if they'd let you. And really, their burgers are really just an expensive version of something you'd expect to get from a campground grill or the high school cafeteria.
4	In my opinion, a Five Guys burger is nearly as good as an In-n-Out burger. The only real drawback of the Five Guys burger is the mediocre bun. That said, I'm happy to have a Five Guys burger at any time.Oh, and the cajun fries are delicious!
5	We absolutely love going here prior to a Rattler's or D-Backs game!  Location is great, burgers are fresh,hot & yummy!!  A small order of fries is more than enough for 2 people to share...especially if you get the double patty burger.  Fries are cut fresh there.  We feel it's a great deal for the money!
4	Fan of Five Guys and adding all the toppings you can have on your burger without paying extra for it. Also love the fact they fill your bag up with fries, some of you neat freaks may not like this but re heated in a toaster oven they are even better. My recommendation is to share an order of fries because they really give you a lot. Also the drink machines are very futuristic at some locations don't be afraid to call for help if you don't know what you are doing. This is good burger. I think it is better then Applebee's or Chile's and half the cost.
1	I wanted a good burger at a decent price. Here I got neither. A burger, fries and coke = $17!!!?? fine, if the meal is great I'll begrudgingly buy it. But! their service at this place is appalling. They have a punk kid who doesn't really want to work there (it shows) and they have a cashier that likes to call their customers liars if your order was wrong. I know what I ordered, I don't really get how I cannot know what I ordered. Besides this, once my order was completed it just sat there for a long time. I waited and waited to be called. I finally decided to ask and they said.."oh, here's your order." At that point I didn't want it. I was so fed up with their service. They offered it to me for free but I said, no. I got my refund and left.
4	Awesome burger and fries.
5	Great Food! Great Service! We packed the place out with students/parents attending a conference at the Convention Center and Five Guys whipped through the crowd in lightning speed! Great atmosphere and an abundance of fries!!!
2	Wasn't impressed....my first time at Five Guys and not sure if it was the chain overall or the location. Service was good, so I'm thinking I'm just an In N Out girl? Ordered a bacon cheeseburger, fries, and drink. Burger was just ok (way too big for me with the double patty, but I thought it'd be a single), fries were not good...just too expensive for what I got
2	I finally got to try the alllll so famously awesome Five Guys, I mean it has to be good if the president loves it.... meh! So, here I am stuck down town on a particularly HOT Monday enjoying my mandatory jury duty. So not fun! I have found myself faced with 2 hours for lunch, where to go. Well, I saw Five Guys on the corner and get 'em a try. It was a zoo, line for miles and people everywhere, no ones fault but the location. The menu is very simple; burger, cheeseburger, bacon cheeseburger, grilled cheese, hot dog, plenty of fix-ins to choose from, two sizes of fries. I ordered a cheeseburger and a regular (the smallest size) order of Cajun fries (spicy seasoning). The quality of the burger was good, however it normally comes with two patties of meat, which I do not care for. The fries were the most disappointing. They weren't cooked enough, and the bag they handed to me with full of fries, I had to go fishing for my burger. Messy and irritating. I might try them again, but I will skip the fries and ask if I can get only one patty.
5	Take Five Guys for exactly what it is and it earns all 5 stars in my book. Despite what other reviewers think, THIS IS A FAST FOOD CHAIN! They just happen to use FRESH, quality ingredients instead of the crap you find at McDonald's or BK! You wanna compare it to something? Try In-and-Out. Which I also love. But being an East Coaster, my allegiance lies with Five Guys. I love the Bacon Cheeseburger with fresh cut jalapenos and grilled mushrooms, accompanied by the cajun fries!! YES, the regular burger comes with 2 patties! If that's too much for you to eat then order the Little Burger. Or eat as much of the Regular as you can and throw the rest out. It's not something to whine about on Yelp and deduct stars for. The same goes for the fries... yes they give you a lot... why is that a bad thing?If you're looking for a fresher version of a fast food burger with plenty of FREE toppings to choose from, then Five Guys is right up your alley!
3	Tasty Americana - "Everything On It"   -  Oh, they mean business - I'll be back
5	Find out where your little potatoes came from! That was so fun.   This is the place you come to enjoy a good burger before you head upstairs to enjoy a comedy show or a night of bowling with the pals. The fries come is  a huge paper bag underneath the juicy burger. The peanuts were the only thing I did not undersand about the GUYS menu. Well the peanuts are not on the menu but they were available. I felt like I was at the game again...   The price is right when you make it a combo night. So spurge and know your little french fries were once from Sugar Sugar City, ID! well not every night but mine were. Haha
3	I don't really get what all the buzz is about. Coming from SoCal I think In N Out has this place beat. I can get a small burger and small fries from Five Guys and I am beyond full the rest of the day. The Cajun fries are OK but I kind of freak out when the bag carrying your food gets stained from all of the grease.Why I'm giving three stars instead of two is that I JUST discovered their hot dogs and those are FANTASTIC. I never need to have another burger from here, I'll stick with my double doubles......but the hot dogs???? VOILA!!!!And their soda machine is really cool too. It's touch screen so once you pick your soda, you then get to add flavors. It's really cool. If they had a soda machine on The Starship Enterprise, it would be the soda fountain from Five Guys....except that it would have to be voice command.Anyway, I'll be back for the weiners and to play with the soda machine
2	I had a hankering for a better burger than typical fast food, and Five Guys was in the neighborhood and worthy of a first time check out.And it is, if you haven't been before.  But despite the rave restaurant reviews utterly plastered on almost every open space on the wall, this place is totally overrated.    The burger wasn't bad.  I dig all the fix-ins you can put on them, but it makes for a pretty messy eating experience.  Unfortunately, the burgers are way overpriced for what they really are--as another reviewer put it it, it really is a step up from Carl's Jr.    I ordered what should have been a "pretty big" burger and it said I got two patties on the receipt, but in retrospect I think I got shorted cause the second one was much bigger.   Whatever the case, after two $6 burgers, I was still hungry.   That shouldn't happen in fast food places like this.  In-N-Out is twice the good deal this place is.    I did not try the fries... I thought I ordered them, but in fact did not because I didn't shout that I wanted fries.  Five Guys is annoyingly loud.   Some day I will understand the onslaught of overplayed classic rock played in practically every eating establishment these days.  It's getting annoying, especially when it causes order fuckups. The service was quick and really friendly.   And I like the free peanuts.   It makes me think my two-star rating is a little low, but the soda machine tasted like soap and some bedraggled man took his sweet time in the *one* bathroom they had available.    And ultimately, it is an expensive burger that would have been forgettable if I didn't have a particular fondness for A-1 sauce and 'shrooms.I could only see myself going again if I were stuck on the corner, needed to eat quick, already ate at Chipotle's, and had some money to burn, all of which are a stretch for me, but probably not  the upper middle-classed downtown lunch crowd.   And that lunch crowd must be exactly this place's target market--with all of the above being said, you're probably not going to find a better, quicker burger within a short walk from the Washington St office towers.  The plethora of fast convenience stores on the ground floor of Block 77, brought to us by CityScape's cynical over-commercialism, is not without its utility to some people.  For anybody else, I wouldn't bother a second time.  3/10.
4	Since relocating offices from our midtown branch to our downtown branch, not only have I experienced a dramatic decrease in stress (begone, Dragon Lady!!), but I've also been able to expand my lunch dining portfolio. One that I was eager to add is Five Guys. I've stuck with the Little Bacon Cheeseburger with mayo and hot sauce (yeah, I'm weird) and tried both regular and Cajun fries (go with the Cajun). Aside from it being so busy and spending an average of 8 minutes in line and 9 minutes waiting for my burger, I've been very happy with Five Guys.
3	Meh, it's just a burger and soggy fries. What's the big attraction? Menu reminds me of In-And-Out.
2	Today I chose Five Guys for lunch. I believe this place is a chain burger place like In-and Out. At least it has that feel when you enter the restaurant. My choose was a bacon burger with lettuce, tomato, pickle, onion,mustard. No fries as I don't need the calories. The burger comes with two pieces of meat. From all appearance it looked like a very good burger. To my surprise it had very little taste. All the makings was there but no taste. But then I have been spoiled from eating at Rocket Burger.
3	pretty decent. guy behind the counter was super cool. the burger was good...i've had better. i like the fact you can put a ton'o'toppings on for no additional charge. got a large cajun fry (tasty!)  and it was too much for 4 people to finish. i do really like the classic rock...i'd go back if i was in the mood for a pregame burger.
3	This place is A-OK.  My burger was good and the cajun fries were good.  Why do they not offer the fries in a small or junior size.  The regular is huge!  I feel the price is a dollar or two too high.  If the bun was a fancy bread I might feel differently.  Overall good, but won't go out of my way to eat here.
5	This was our first visit here, and I couldn't find anything wrong with it...hence the 5 stars.  We decided to head downtown on a Sunday afternoon to try out their burgers.  Good idea, since the parking garage was empty (plus free).  We were greeted warmly when we walked in, and explained about their ordering system.  I decided on a little cheeseburger with grilled onions and light on the ketchup/mustard.  My husband went with the regular cheeseburger with lettuce, tomato and ketchup.  We ordered one regular fry for the 2 of us (we were told it would be A LOT), plus 2 drinks.  The restaurant was practically empty, only a few other patrons already in there, and it was nice and cold (which I love!).  The music was blaring, and had a fun vibe to it.When our food was ready, it was steaming hot and delicious!  He wasn't kidding when he said there'd be a lot of fries!  They prepped my cheeseburger perfectly, the ketchup and mustard added lightly.  I love when a restaurant listens to how I order something...thank you for that!  We both really enjoyed the food, and everything was cooked to perfection.  I read some other reviews, and a number of people complained about soggy fries.  We didn't have those at all.  I like crispy fries, so I pulled out those first, but I'll admit, there wasn't a bad fry in the batch.  We both enjoyed them immensely, and finished them off...not too salty and not soggy at all.We'll definitely be making another trip downtown on a weekend when we want burgers & fries.  Five Guys deserves five stars!!
2	Had a hamburger. Overcooked.  Scorched.
2	I just don't get the fascination with this place. They don't do a bad burger but they also don't do anything special either and still charge too much for it. I don't think their quality is that much higher over say jack in the Box or In N Out yet it's $10+ for a basic burger and some fries.Sorry but if you are going to charge premium prices don't make a sub-par burger, if I am paying $7 for a basic cheeseburger don't tell me the only way you will make it is well done. The fires are good but they aren't anything to write home about either, I do suggest them with the cajun seasoning though as it does add a little something.The one plus they have going is free peanuts in the shell, not exactly sure how that ties into a burger joint but I still like them.
4	The first time I tried 5 guys was here, downtown Phoenix! I had heard a lot about this company and their burger and fries. If you don't know what's up, this place charges a decent amount for a couple of patties because they don't charge for the toppings.Fries are to die for, had the cajun ones and loved them. The burger was juicy and hot, and filled with all the flavors I love. The soda machine has endless possibilities for the soda nerd! I loved that, too!The people at this location were nice and amazingly caring, even if they didn't know I had just come from the court and was a bit upset. That was a nice touch.The only thing I wish I had was a cheaper menu, well and a little bit quieter of a radio.
3	I am not the biggest fan of fast food ever. But I really like Five Guys and this location is superb! They have really yummy fries and they give you so many! Like your bag overflows with the greasy buggers. Say what? Yeah they are really greasy. But good!The burgers are really quite the bang for your buck too! Not the best burgers in the world but it is fast food not gourmet burgers. Be considerate for what you are eating and enjoy it for what it is. The pop machines are radical. You can pretty much have flavoured any beverage you like. The staff here is really friendly and that is a plus anywhere you go!
3	Five Guys is Five Guys.  Simple, friendly, delicious, inexpensive.  Perfect for a quick burger and fries, and the staff is always friendly.
4	This Five Guys was significantly better than the one near my house in California. I got the little cheeseburger "all the way" or something like that. I forget the actual language. Anyway, it was tasty! We also got both the cajun and regular fries, and I have to say that the cajun fries are where it's at.
2	Ok so my friend was hyping this place up because he said he tried it on the East coast and I was excited to make my own burger. At first when i went in it was pretty cool with the whole peanuts on the side, but I wanted to taste the burger to see if it was better than an In N Out burger. Then my burger came out and now it was time to taste it. My burger was a double cheese burger with bacon and onions. Sounds really good but to tell you the truth it wasnt anything special. Just tasted so so.My fries were super salty and was hard to eat. I probably drank about 6 cups of water because it was so salty. Maybe it was the location that I ate at but it wasnt that spectacular that my friend told me about, and even he wasnt too impressed with it. The burger was pretty thin and just tasted like a burger and nothing special or anything. Just another simple burger place that you could make your own burger.
3	Stopped by while I was downtown working. It was busy, lunch hour and downtown = busy, so to be expected.They actually messed up my order. Instead of a double bacon cheese burger they just gave me a cheese burger. I only realized it once I was sitting outside. I just took that as a sign I shouldn't really be eating this unhealthy stuff so I just ate it, as well as the couple dollars.
2	It was okay...more topping choices, but no better than In and Out Burger. Twice as expensive. The fries were unique but i didn't care for them too much. It was cold and loud inside. Meh whatever.
2	Not impressed...I'll stick to my fave - Smashburger.
3	The location of this Five Guys was great, as it was right downtown amidst many other great places. The service was splendid. The food was good; it was better than a normal fast-food burger, but definitely not worth the price I paid for it. The cajun fries are great; you get well beyond the price you pay in fries. I got a "little fry" that I was told "feeds one person". I could have fed two guys off of those fries (and I can eat a lot of fries). I am so glad that they have the Coca-Cola Freestyle machine! I have used this machine in another restaurant in Tennessee and became fascinated with it. You can pretty much make some crazy drink combinations; I had a Peach Mello Yello. Overall, the food was great but not worth the price I paid. Would I go back? Sure, but not often. Would I recommend it to other people? Yes, but with an indication of the prices.
1	I got asked for money 3 times by homeless people between the curb and the door. Once inside, the music was so loud, the staff was actually yelling to be heard and take an order. A bacon cheeseburger and drink (no fries) was $10.70, and was really bland. I don't understand how anyone likes this place or it stays in business.
4	How can you not like Five Guys. Great hamburgers. Great fries. Grilled hot dogs. The new Coke machines that allow you to mix your Cokes how you want them. Oh, and you can't forget the free peanuts. Every Five Guys I have eaten at is the same...great.
4	I was in the area this morning and couldn't think of anywhere to eat It was 10:58am and I was craving something that would fill meI almost went across to Chipotle but a huge burrito in the morning? There was a couple of other people waiting to have lunch at 5guys when I was there and we were let in right at 11:00amThe cashier was nice and friendlyShe made sure that my order was correct and was very friendlyI got a cheeseburger with everything, minus the mushroomsI also got a little cup of friesand a sodaI love that the Coke Freestyle machines are popping up all overI was happy to have Cherry CokeMind you, this was all at 11:00am, don't judge meThe burger was really good, and so were the friesI sat near the window and I was amused by watching the Jimmy John bikers make deliveriesI never knew they had so many people on bikes for deliveriesNevertheless I was entertained
3	Overly hyped. Not really that good, but not too bad either. Very very long wait at lunch 40 minutes!Pricing isn't bad and munching on peanuts while waiting really helped. The burger was definitely fresh and the ton of fries I got makes this place a solid lunch option.
3	Everything is nice and fresh but the only down fall is their prices for a hamburger, way overrated. The staff is super nice...so so nice that they messed up on two of our burgers and I wasn't upset with them...very polite and fixed it but I'd rather stick with IN ~ OUT...sorry five guys :-)
4	Excellent burgers but they have a tendency to undercook their fries. I'm not sure if it's because they don't change their oil often enough or it's just plain undercooked but too many fries come out soggy. Work on that and they're good.
3	LOVE the food here. I work downtown and often go in around 1:30pm, when the lunch crowd has died down. No complaints about the food at all. Would like to see them start offering delivery like Jimmy John's does to downtown businesses. I can tell you I would order from this place a lot more often. But....TURN THAT MUSIC DOWN!!! The music is always way too loud. I should not have to yell at my lunch companion to have a conversation. Would have given 5 stars if the music wasn't causing deafness.
1	WORST BURGER EVER!!!I'd rather have a .99 burger from McDonalds. For $10ish I ordered a burger and little fries, no soft drink.Blech. No flavor what-so-ever even though it was loaded with all sorts of stuff.The bottom bun was soggy and turned to mush so it was impossible to pick it up and eat. I had to use a spoon. The beef was not seasoned at all and had ZERO flavor. The fries were fine. No... These guys don't know how to make a burger not to mention a pricy one.No...no... no... never ever again. I was robbed!
4	I don't get to Five Guys as often as I should, mainly because they started out my way on the east coast and are pretty much everywhere.  So I basically ended up with a case of burnout.  But since it was National Cheeseburger Day, and we were on a tight schedule for lunch, we decided to stop in since it was only a block or so from our hotel.The thing to realize about Five Guys is that a "little" cheeseburger is actually a normal-sized burger anywhere else.  A regular burger there is actually two patties.  So from there I went with a little bacon cheeseburger, with all of the fixings.  And I immediately realized my mistake in overlooking how good Five Guys is.  It was just a delicious burger, perfectly moist, and bursting with flavor.  Hotdogs have always seemed to be a weak spot and that was still the case at this location.  For as complex and delicious as the burgers are, the dogs are always plain and one note.  Even loading them up with toppings doesn't help.Note that an order of fries is a massive portion.  You can choose between regular or cajun, but either way you'll have your fill of carbs for about a week.But don't make my mistake and overlook FG.
5	FIVE STARS for FIVE GUYS!!! Awesome customer service, they'll make your burger however you want it, although burger only well done, you can choose ANY TOPPING FOR FREEEEE :3Best part is the selection of burgers, hot dogs, and BTW free all you can eat peanuts!! Specially if your on a budget, five guys is dedicatedly affordable and under priced for the quality of service and good they gave to us:)
