4	Cake Designs did a great job for my wedding.  First off, their prices can't be beat.  Secondly they really listen and care about making you happy.Important things to know about them: their cakes, fillings and frostings tend on the sweeter side.  Some people love that, I do not, so I had to be careful to pick something I was happy with.Their buttercream is more sugery and less creamy.  Again this is a matter of taste.Their standard "whipped" frosting is DELICIOUS!  I admit, it didn't sound very yummy to me, but it really was lovely.We ended up choosing a marble cake with whipped frosting, bavarian cream filling with fresh strawberries.  It was a nice combo of flavors.
1	I wish I could give this place a -50 stars. Granted this dates back to 2006, but the event was a very big day for me, as it was our wedding day. Cake is one of my favorite foods in the entire world and I knew this cake had to be perfect, it was my wedding day after all! My husband and I tried cakes from all over and we found the perfect cake at a French bakery, but the price was way out of our range. (If I knew what I know now, I would have splurged!) Cake Designs by Ruth was recommended to me by a coworker that was married a few years before. We met with Ruth and I had her make a small cake that I could take home and share with some family to see what people thought. It was a white cake, with fresh strawberries inside and white buttercream on the outside. The cake was delicious (there were 6 of us that tried it... all family) and the price was right, so I called Ruth and placed the order. I was so excited! But when I showed up to my reception, the cake wasn't there. I got on the phone and Ruth said the cake should be there any minute. (I had set a time before the wedding for the cake to be there probably 2 hours before our arrival). The cake came, the guy set it up and the cake was LEANING like the freakin TOWER OF PISA!  Everyone just stared at it. Such an eyesore. When we cut into the cake, it had a weird taste. It turns out they separated the layers with CARDBOARD! WTF?!?!?!?!?!? So the entire cake had a slight taste of cardboard. Disgusting. No one ate the cake and I was embarrassed. The reception place said it was extremely hard to cut the cake because of the cardboard. I went under my table at the reception, called Ruth and I left this horrendous message (I shouldn't have been saying some of those things while in my wedding dress!) I was so angry. Of course, she never returned my call. So the next day I called Ruth and she did NOT want to give me a refund after all of the things. After about an hour and a half on the phone with this horrible woman, I was finally able to get a refund. Maybe they have cleaned up their act since 2006, but I would never recommend this place to ANYONE!
5	Dawn and everyone at Cake Design were total life savers for me when I needed a cake last minute due to a mishap at a different bakery. They went ABOVE and beyond my expectations and replicated a photo I gave them so perfectly, along with adding some great custom touches for me. I was so happy with the design, taste and experience! My little sister LOVED her surprise (the cake) and it was the best part of the birthday party. Thank you SO much to everyone at Cake Design, you are all amazing cake artists! I am a forever customer and will recommend them to anyone!
5	I ordered my cake on a last minute decision to have a wedding cake for my wedding reception in Las vegas. I ordered the cake over the phone and it was delivered to the restraunt where we were having our reception. The cake turned out amazing I couldnt be happier
5	My husband decided about a month before our wedding that we needed a different cake from what our venue offered. I was hesitant but am so happy we ordered from Cake Designs Las Vegas. My husband worked with Dawn, who was amazing. The customer service and quick response time was wonderful. Prices are very reasonable too. We ordered a three layer cake, each a different flavor with different fillings. It was delicious!!! Every single guest loved it and I heard several times it was the best wedding cake they ever had!!! Thank you so much for making our perfect day even more special!
5	I've ordered cakes for two big events so far...my daughter's sweet 16 and my dad's 60th birthday. Both times the cakes looked and tasted amazing. All you have to do is tell Kim your vision and she comes up with great designs. The cake is delicious and prices are very reasonable. I just got engaged and I am going to be using Cake Designs without a doubt!
5	the best! the cake tasted great and the design is awesome! and oh! the price is no comparison! =)
2	How do I start with my experience, let's start with the cake, it was the sweetest (overly sweet) cake I have ever had in my life :( uhhhhhh I did not like it at all. we had placed an order for my son's first birthday party and I paid all in advance, I tried the cake after I paid and realized her cake was way too sweet!!! I called her to ask for money back and she mentioned IF I CANCLE MY ORDER, I WILL LOSE 50% OF MY DEPOSIT, so I had to get my cake from them:( It was very dry and very very sweet
