5	$180 for 4 hours of insane offroad fun......can't get better than that AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME the TOMCAR is insane fun in the Sun and sand
5	Great company me Thomas and Scotty had a blast with the Tomcar only problem was the diff lock would not work we got stuck and it made us late returning it ontime they understood and didn charge us a late return fee ! great company as a owner of a offroad shop and many UTV's the Tomcar was very impressive power streering would be a plus only because I am handicapped and found the bump steer to much for me to handle. Next time im in Arizona I will be renting from this company again!
5	Again, this is me best memory of Arizona EVER!!!!I will forever be grateful for putting smiles on our faces.http://www.facebook.com/crazyczech?v=app_2392950137#!/video/video.php?v=409760827811
5	Rent a Tomcar - awesome experience!!!  Best offroad fun you can have with the family short of dirt bikes or fourwheelers.  Drove on the road to Tonto National Forest - plenty of trail riding to do.I would HIGHLY recommend renting for the day, as 4 hours goes by way too quick.  We got back 30 min. late but they didn't charge us.  Can't wait to do this again next year!!!
5	I've rented jet skis on two occasions.  The equipment was great...perfect condition and no trouble.  The guys that run Extreme Arizona are awesome!  They put effort and efficiency into everything from making a reservation, checking out equipment, fitting gear, instruction on the ski operation, to  tips for trailering and where the best spot on Bartlett Lake is to put in.  They go the extra mile and give the customer almost anything you ask for.  We wanted to travel together so they moved my friends ski to my trailer...lifting it by hand!  They have done this twice with a smile and a great attitude!  It would be fun to own a jet ski, but why bother when you can call up and rent one, trouble free, for the day and leave all the maintenance and storage, insurance, trailer care, etc. to Extreme Arizona.  Definitely have more jet ski use in my future thanks to Extreme Arizona.
