4	I had the pleasure of relaxing at this spa on a lazy Sunday afternoon in the middle of the Phoenix summer.  I can't think of a better way to spend my free time and I just wish I had the funds to do it more often.  This spa is tucked away on the south end of the JW Marriott Resort at Desert Ridge.  The entire spa changing area was very clean and organized and there was always a friendly staff member close by to assist you with anything.  I had the couples massage (gift from the guy I was dating).  It was my first couples massage and probably my last.  I enjoyed the actual treatment but the idea of two other people in the room made me feel a little on edge.  I'm not quite sure what the deal is with the couples massage anyway.  It's not like you are looking at them (the room is dark).  After the massage we changed into our swimsuits and went down to the pool to relax and get a bite to eat from the spa bistro.  I had a veggie burger and "spa chips".  The spa chips were basically veggie chips but they were yummy as was the burger and much needed after the treatment.  The pool area was very relaxing (no children) and you can even reserve the cabanas if you would like to have more room to lounge.  I think more locals don't frequent this spa b/c it's quite a drive (unless you live in No. Scottsdale/No. Phoenix) but it's well worth the drive.
4	Having been to Revive Spa once before, I was excited to treat my pregnant friend that came to visit to a spa day... We were really looking forward to spending a few hours being pampered, perhaps working out a bit, sitting by the pool, etc... and we did all that - it just didn't WOW me as much as I thought it would for the price I paid.First of all, I was very clear when I made the appointments that my friend was pregnant and so I requested a prenatal massage for her.  I requested a deep tissue massage for myself.  I was pleased that they called the day before to confirm our appointments.  We checked in about an hour before our scheduled massages and the lady looked at us both and asked "so, you both have prenatal massages, correct?"WHAT?  NO!  I looked down at my belly and said - nope - she has a prenatal massage and I requested a deep tissue massage.  Not a huge deal and probably not the girl's fault, but that is not a mistake to make to someone who is weight-conscious and far from prego!No big deal... we're here to enjoy and relax.  Deep breath, Gabi... :)So we are given a tour of the facility (which is beautiful, peaceful, tranquil, etc...) and we decide we have time for a walk before our massages.  So, we go outside and make our way around the hotel a bit.  There is a bunch of construction, so we turn around and go through the hotel and try to go to the back pool area to check it out.  Nope... the pool attendant says that spa guests cannot enter that pool area (not even for a walk) - you must be a hotel guest to enter.  OK then, we turn around and head back to the spa.With about a 1/2 hour before we need to be ready for our massages, we decide to get in a quick workout in the fitness center.  It is clean, spacious for a hotel facility, and has all the equipment you need.  This was a positive, as was the actual spa pool and jacuzzi, sauna, etc...Once we are in our robes and slippers, we head upstairs for our treatments - the waiting room is very well-done with comfy couches, chairs, blankets, plenty of magazines, relaxing music, and lots of treats (fruit, tea, water, trail mix, etc.)The services didn't blow either of us away and for what we paid, we each could've gotten 4 massages each at Massage Envy instead.  But, again, it was about the day as a whole and the spa experience.  So, we enjoyed a lovely lunch from the Spa Bistro and sat out by the pool in the afternoon.  Not such a bad day after all - I just really wanted a 5 star experience for what we paid, and I can't give more than 4.  However, it is hit or miss, so I encourage you to check it out yourself.  As for me, I'll happily return if someone else is paying.  Any takers?
4	Since moving to the Valley three years ago, my favorite passtime has become "test-driving" valley Spas.  Revive Spa at the JW Marriot at Desert Ridge has become my favorites.If you've never had a Table Thai Massage - this needs to move to the top of your New Years Resolution to "Try New Things in 2009."  Revive is one of the few Spas in the valley to offer this treatment (I've also had it at the Phoenician Resort).You can read  the official description on the Web site: http://spa.jwdesertridgeresort.com/phoenix-day-spa/Spa-Services.asp?service=Massage.   But I describe the massage more like assisted stretching.   You are gently pulled, pushed and kneaded, stretched.  I always leave feeling invigorated - instead of lazy.  You actually wear loose fitting clothing for this.  At $190 for the 80 minute treatment it could be pricey (or in some resorts a great deal).  If you've ever been lucky enough to have a personal trainer stretch you after a workout - that's what this feels like -- only 80 minutes worth.  It's a little heaven on earth.
4	I've been to a several Valley resort spas and this one doesn't disappoint.  I guess rating and reviewing spas can be a bit tricky as not only treatments depend upon the staff but expectations and use of the facilities varies from person to person.  I'm a massage fan and love to use the steam, sauna, pool, and workout facilities.  Plush lounge areas and well-stocked shower and locker rooms are pluses.The pool and pool area at this resort spa was the biggest that I've experienced.  Plenty of lounge chairs and a swimming area larger than average.  I also enjoyed 1 of the 2 outdoor showers.  Can't explain it but you'll know what i mean when you try it.  Made me want 2 get one for my home.But i digress, the spa also has a decent cafe overlooking the pool area and the upstairs lounge area was very comfortable.  Need to go back soon!
4	The Revive Spa at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge is a gorgeous and relaxing place.  The facilities are as to be expected of a high-end resort.  My only complaint is that the massage room started out much too cold for me.  A couple of my co-workers had the same complaint.The star of this spa, though, is the spa bistro.  One of my female co-workers and I managed to convince a couple of the guys to join us for breakfast at the bistro.  They were worried it would be too "girly," but once we sat down by the lovely pool in the lovely sunshine and were served our lovely food (fruit smoothies, whole grain waffles with goji berries, omelettes, granola and fruit parfaits), even the boys were in heaven.  It was such a peaceful respite from the rest of the chaotic conference going on at the time.Oh, but actually the true stars of this spa are the resident owls that watch over you from the palm trees!  They are the coolest creatures and you can get awesome pictures of them if you have a zoom lens!  Just don't sit on the lounge chairs directly beneath them...
2	The spa is a bit out dated. The men's locker room was not very well maintained. Trash bins overflowed with cups and trash, the sink basin needed cleaning and supplies needed to be restocked. Not a fan and unless I have free pass I likely won't be going there again.
4	This is an excellent spa choice. I've visited enough across the US and love that this one is in our hometown. One of my favorite elements is the waiting lounge on the second floor. I love the uber-plush furniture, dim lighting and shaded windows (it helps you forget how miserably hot it is outside!). You'll want to move in and never leave. Treatments have always been top-notch. This spa has a private pool and cafe service, which is another great perk that a number of spas out here actually do not have.
4	I thought that this spa was excellent, however I guess it depends on what  the expectation and goals were.  I went to revive for a massage and a bit of relaxation after a long day in meetings.  Did not spend a day there and partake of all the offerings.There was a discount offered by attending the conference the JW Marriott. I popped down for a massage and some time in the steam room after.The massage was great, nice rooms with adjustable height tables.  So if you masseuse is taller and you are shorter you don't have to hop up onto a table.  Not really a problem for me, but considerate of the spa for others.  The rooms were well insulated so noise was not an issue.  The locker room is fairly standard and was in good repair and cleanliness when I was there, granted it was toward the end of the day with low traffic.  The masseuse was polite and reserved.The shower facilities were well maintained and clean with large individual showers for after your massage. There were a large stock of towels for use.  There was liquid body soap and shampoo/conditioner available in each shower in large dispensers on the wall.  A disposable loufah would have been the only thing that could have been added to round out the experience.The steam room was great, large area with room for lots of people.  I got to enjoy it alone.All in all I enjoyed my brief and focused visit at the Revive spa.  I thought that it was reasonably priced for a resort spa, especially with the discount from my conference.  I would return if I am at the Marriott again, but not sure I would travel to the spa if I was just in the Phoenix area.
5	Located at the JW Marriott Resort this is a Beautiful spa with every service offered imaginable. Every detail of the fitness center, spa and pool area were well thought out when they constructed this facility. You'll definitely pay for the pampering and luxury treatment you'll receive -50 minute Swedish massage start at $135.00 for a 50 minute treatment not included a gratuity of 20% added up front (you may adjust after your treatment). Price of any treatment includes  a locker, slippers, use of the spa pool, steam rooms and fitness facilities. I elected to go with the therapeutic or deep tissue massage at $150.00 for 50 minutes. The massage tables are heated and the massage was pure bliss - I had to catch myself several times from falling asleep! After my treatment I took advantage of the outdoor pool, steam room and lounge area were I enjoyed a cup of hot tea. I'll would return here in the future but next time I'll spend the entire day here!
4	I checked into the Marriott Canyon Villas located on the same property as the JW Marriott on a Saturday evening.  What better a way to start my vacation off right then a relaxing massage? I booked the special they were offering for Swedish massage for $99 for 50 minutes.  When I checked in on Sunday am and received my locker I noticed that the men's steam room, Jacuzzi and saunas were all closed for remodeling! I booked a 10;00 am appointment so I could relax and enjoy the extra facilities and was totally bummed out. This was never mentioned regarding closure when I had booked my appointment.I mentioned this issue to my masseuse and she advised me the manager said they would resolve it at the front desk on my way out. The massage was very good but 50 minutes went by way to quick! After showering, sipping on camomile tea and relaxing in the lounge for about an hour I went to the front desk and they advised me that the service was complimentary! I wasn't expecting that and even advised the receptionist that a discount was sufficient but she said it was on the house since I was vacationing from out of state.I was impressed with the effort that management took to make things right! I would definitely return here again!
5	Spa bistro. Best. Pho. Ever.It's that simple.
4	My family owns a timeshare at the Marriot Canyon Villas and we come here every year. We usually make our way over to the JW for golf, Roys or the pool but this was our first time at the Spa. It was a ladies day and we got massages. The staff was very welcoming and the spa itself is very, clean and peaceful. There is a large locker room, a hot tub, sauna, steam room, showers. Along with shampoo, conditioner, soap, razors, hair dryers, lotion etc. Basically you can come here with nothing and get ready for the day after your treatment. My massuse was Lisa and she was very polite and did a great job. I wasn't sore after and it felt great. I was very relaxed and comfortable with her.After we took advantage of the steam room and showers which just made us feel even better. Overall a great experince, very relaxing and a nice treat on a weekend get away.
4	Revive spa at JW Mariott is one of my guilty pleasures. I have only come here for facials but have always left feeling very satisfied. The check in-check out is seamless, the staff very courteous, the facilities very good and the facial very rejuvenating. The prices are of course resort like but thats what you work hard for, right?
5	My Favorite spa in the Valley. Words cannot describe how happy this place makes me.  I checked in for a facial and was greeted with warmth and kindness.  The wonderful smell of this place is something that I look forward to in between each visit.  I want my entire home to smell like Revive.  I was staying at the resort with family for a special occasion so I didn't make an all day event out of my visit to the spa but god knows you can - the private pool, cabanas, and women's locker room make it so comfortable that it's hard to rip myself away.  The facial was so relaxing and my skin felt wonderful for days afterwards.  The esthetician spoke in a very calming voice and gave me a step by step introduction to everything she was doing to my skin.  Everything she did felt so good, it was difficult to stay awake, very enjoyable.  Afterwards, there was no pressure to buy all of the products she used and I really appreciate that, the facial is pricey itself.  I can't wait to come back, I LOOOOOOVE this spa!
1	I went to the spa last Saturday 4/20 with a group of friends.  I chose to get the "too sexy for your shoes pedicure," because I was pretty sure it was on Facebook as their pedicure special for April $55.  The facility was nice and the locker rooms very nice as well.When I went to get my pedicure, things started to go wrong.  Instead, of coming into the salon area and asking if I wanted a drink or magazine before I started I was rushed back to choose a color and begin.  They didn't confirm the kind of pedicure I was getting or anything.  The woman who did the pedicure started right away with a bit of small talk and then pretty much was silent the rest of the time, which is fine by me.  The pedicure was ok, nothing great and not work the $ for sure.  It was basically a cheap pedicure.  When she was finished she pulled back the arm and left... never come back?  Guess I am done?? One of my toes is totally crooked and she didn't ask if I wanted them cut or filed and they are bit shorter than I prefer as well.I have been to several higher end pedicures ($50-$75 each) and this was by far below average.  I would say it was more like a $30 pedicure.  When I checked out they said it was $60 and I questioned the price  since I thought it was on special.  They responded no and that was pretty much it.With the mandatory grat it came to $70.. again totally not worth it.  I would recommend the Spa at Gainey Village if you are looking for an higher end pedicure for sure!
5	I am a heavy spa user, and this one nears the top of my  list. I love the pool area, that is is grassy and lots of trees. The spa itself is nicely appointed with steam and dry. The waiting room is a great place to read with comfy loungers and a fireplace. I like that the pool and spa is just for that area- no walking around all over, like at The Sanctuary. I have found pool service to be rather slow, but it still is a lovely facility. Wonderful treatments, although I do wish they had a vichy shower- so I would avoid body wraps here since it isn't the same without that amenity.
2	The place is definitely in need of a face-lift.  The spa had missing tiles and lots of old gunk.  The women's facilities needed some cleaning up- the showers were pretty filthy- I didn't much feel like I was getting clean.The steam room lacked some major steam and there were no ice towels outside of the room to cool you off while you were in there (something that I think is essential).  Outside, the pool is nice- but requires more pool chairs.  I ended up having to use one in the back corner under a palm tree- which while shaded and nice, had a fair share of bird poop on it :(My massage was nice- no complaints there although the quiet room where you wait for your service was quite a few levels above quiet but that's due to how busy the place was on a Sunday afternoon- lots of chatty women.  Also, the iced tea may have been the culprit for my food poisoning that I experienced a few hours after leaving.I will probably not be going back to this spa- there are too many amazing options in the area to give this place another shot.  P.S. Another big bone to pick with the whole experience- when I first got there and checked in they told me how much gratuity was and charge it up front.  $30!!  I was not pleased with that at all.
4	I came here on a travelzoo deal ($71 for a 50 minute massage, glass of champagne, coconut oil scalp massage and access to the revive relaxation pool).  After changing in to my robe and relaxing on one of their lounge chairs, I was called back in to one of the massage rooms - my therapist was named Jessica...or Jennifer I think and she was very nice and accommodating.  My massage was great and very relaxing.  The 50 minutes went by so fast but it was still great.  Afterwards, I took advantage of the jacuzzi, steam room and pool.  I definitely made the most of my day there and then proceeded to go back home to face my reality of a 5 year old and the husband! :)
5	The Revive Spa at the JW Marriott is by far one of my favourite spas to visit. It is absolutely beautiful. Peaceful and serene, with very attentive staff. Any time I'm in the area, I try to come for a pedicure.  It's nice to have lunch around the pool, and enjoy a day of relaxation.  Their services are on the pricier side, but they use quality products and take their time, so it's definitely worth the extra cost to me.
1	The staff & management were rude made me feel fat, and then bad for feeling that way. They are seriously lacking in customer service & general professionalism. I will never be back.
2	This place gets 2 stars because of the amenities!!! The pool area was worth a lot more than our massages. We got a 50 minute couples massage which was $300, they automatically add your 20% tip in (which I don't agree with considering I am in a customer service based occupation) the spa is beautiful, but there was no area to see each other prior, men's and women's areas are separated, and it seemed very rushed. We both asked for deep tissue and got nothing of the sort. The massage was lackluster and frustrating. I have very bad knots in my shoulders and she never even rubbed my shoulders, so I walked away with so sense of relief?!?! I would not go back to this spa, even if we come back for future trips with the timeshare. I will likely find another spa in scottsdale off of the JW Marriott resort.
1	Was going through my old reviews and realised I never came back to update my review on this place and why I dont go back here anymore. This was Feb 2013 and after multiple visits to this place previously , I had to cancel one of my appointments last minute due to a work emergency . The person on the other end of the phone made me feel as if I did a huge crime and was talking of charging me the full price. I mentioned to her that I was not aware of their cancellation policy and even so this was a last minute emergency and not something I could have known about sooner. I was surprised at the way I was spoken to after having visited there multiple times. The lady ended the conversation with not charging my card but mentioning that she was making a " note in the system about me"... which was polite talk for " you better not try to pull a fast one again". I have never felt more humiliated and have since then taken my business elsewhere. I will never return to this place again.
