4	This restaurant opened up where Country Glazed Ham used to be in the Hilton Village shopping center.  They remodeled and brightened up the interior.On the menu it says they serve breakfast all day.  It looks like I'll have to come back again to try the pancakes, waffles and omelettes another time.I was here for lunch and had the Triple Decker Club sandwich and fries.  I ordered 1/2 regular fries and 1/2 sweet potato fries.  When my order arrived I immediately noticed that the amount of food was enormous!Everything tasted great and the service was friendly.  I can't wait to go back and try them for breakfast.
3	The omelets are good-light and fluffly with plenty of ingredients and not too greasy.  Served with a nice small fruit cup ($2 upcharge) and 2 huge pieces of toast (a little overkill. too much bread).  Sodas were $3 which seemed a smidge expensive.  Menu had some unique things on it but overall, cannot compete with the Good egg which is only a few doors down.  Friendly service and nice interior.
5	Eggs Benedict as good as it gets!  If you want to experience a nice breakfast in a swanky yet not pricey cafe, I recommend Jacqueline's hands down.  Great service and friendly environment.
5	So I was on my way to The Good Egg at Hilton Village as I have for awhile for breakfast, then I saw the sign, "Jacqueline's Cafe". I got curious (because I used to eat at a Jacqueline's Cafe on Indian School in Old Town years ago) and I went in. Alas! It was the same Jacqueline's. I absolutely had to try the breakfast. The truth be told, everything on the menu looked so good i have to go back to try other stuff.Anyway, the food was even better than the old Jacqueline's, and that is not an easy accomplishment. The prices are more than reasonable, the servers are all pleasant and I was greeted with a BIG smile from the girl at the front, sorry I didn't get her name, but everyone there was pleasant and attentive. I will definitely be back.
2	I'm always very skeptical of restaurants that boast cuisine from all ends of the earth. Make up your minds people! Jacqueline's menu has chocolate chip pancakes, asian rice bowls, deli sandwiches, Mexican dishes and a crazy smattering of other options. Can one establishment really be that adept at all cusines? I think not.I had a lunch date with a friend who was visiting so after picking her up at the Scottsdale Hilton I decided this was a close place to try.  My friend had the tuna wrap which was mayo city (she could only eat half of it) and after scowering the menu for healthy pescatarian/vegetarian options (I think only the Greek salad lacked chicken) I decided on the fish tacos.  I know ordering fish tacos at a restuarant that doesn't claim to be southwestern or Mexican was risky but nothing else really appealed to me! The tacos were ok...small bits of fish torn up inside flour tortillas with salsa, lettuce and "Mexican" rice on the side. The portion itself was huge so I definitely got my money's worth but the food was just "MEH"! I liked the fruity iced tea though. Maybe this place is better for breakfast? I don't think I'll return for a lunch or dinner meal...
5	We LOVE This Place!!!We went to Jacqueline's for the 1st time today for a late breakfast and were extremely pleased with the whole experience. They have a very colorful and fun decor and our server, Mindy, was an absolute sweetheart.I would definitely recommend both items we had - the Chorizo Omelet (killer) and the Croissant French Toast (Yummm) and the kid's are in love with the Mac & Cheese (kid friendly place).Keep up the good work, Jacqueline (whoever you are)....we'll be back for more!!! :)
3	I wish I would have read the reviews before eating here. I would have ordered breakfast instead!I had the tuna-basil-tomato wrap and am still wondering where the basil was. There was some dried green herbs sprinkled on top, but it tasted like dried parsley, not basil. I ended up adding some green Tabasco sauce to add some flavor to the wrap because it was bland.The sweet potato fries were nothing special. I also had a cup of french onion soup. The food was not the worst I've ever eaten but it certainly wasn't the best.
2	Slow. Was there at lunch. Grilled cheese was fine. Soups disappointing. I had watery chicken rice soup my friend had thick slimy tortilla soup. Other friend had turkey burger and fries that he claimed was good. Decor is annoying. Weird 80ish bright colors. I'd go again, bit wouldnt choose it.
2	"If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all."  I think that's how the saying goes... and I usually stick to this saying but since I'm a yelper, I have to be honest about my experience at Jacqueline's Cafe.I admit, I read the reviews prior, many of them not so positive, but I was still optimistic that I would like Jacqueline's.  It's in a convenient location in the Hilton Village shopping center and it looks bright, colorful, and fun from the outside.  There's also a ton of option on the menu.  So I dragged Lindsey F with me to lunch earlier this week.  We were greeted and seated in a timely manner... and our server was sweet.  We ordered ice water with lemon and a hummus appetizer to start.  The water tasted like it wasn't filtered and the hummus had a tang to it that wasn't a good tang.  (I think I've tasted hummus with a tang when it's sat too long in my refrigerator in the past).  I will say the pita that came with it was warm and tasty though.We each ordered salads, and they were huge portions.  They looked good but a few bites in and we both agreed that they looked much better than they tasted.  The egg, chicken, and avocado that came in my Cobb Salad tasted processed, and the dressing was really thick.  Needless to say, I barely made a dent in it.So there you have it, my honest review of Jacqueline's Cafe.  The two star rating says it all: "Meh. I've experienced better." Sorry Jacqueline's - I wish you luck but I will probably not be back for another mediocre meal.
5	I visited  Jacqueline's for  breakfast while i was in the Phoenix area and I was just amazed with the whole experience. The menu was well balanced and color variation very well done and the food was just delicious.The staff was very friendly and I really felt l the vibes of true hospitality.I will definetaly go back next time I visit   Arizona Great job guys and keep up the great work!!I
4	Had breakfast there - VERY GOOD.Food quality and quantity was great and the price was exactly what I'd expect for a reasonably priced breakfast. Coffee was decent, not great - if the coffee was better it would have gained another star as great coffee is required for a great breakfast.I cannot wait to go back.
2	I love breakfast.  I love Lunch and DInner, too, but there is something I find wonderfully indulgent in breakfast out.  It reminds me of my single days living in the City and meeting girlfriends on Sunday monring to rehash the previous nights debauchery over toast and fried eggs.Which is pretty much what I had planned on doing at Jacqueline's Cafe Sunday morning.  I met a girlfriend, our single days long behind us, for breakfast at 10:30am.  The restaurant has a lovely covered patio with a nice view of Camelback Mountain.  We got coffee and perused the menu.  The Down-home chicken caught my eye: friend chicken with waffles smothered on country gravy.  I asked the waitress if they made their own fried chicken and she said yes.  I got the gravy on the side.  My girlfriend ordered the corned beef hash skillet; a popular breakfast item according to our waitress.For breakfast, 10-15 minutes is an acceptable wait time between ordering and serving.  If a place is packed, it can go out to 20.  Jacqueline's was about 50% full and our food took 30 minutes to arrive.I wish I had taken a picture to show you what they served me, yelpers, because you probably won't believe it.  The plate the waitress put down had three chicken tenders across a Belgian waffle.  I should have sent it back.  No part of that dish resembled the chicken and waffles I've ordered and enjoyed on many previous occasions and frankly, a restaurant would be better served to take something off the menu than to put a half-assed plate like that in front of a customer.I was concerned about my friend's dish, but the plate set in front of her had two golden fried eggs on top with hints of fried potato peaking out around the edges.  Her multi grain toast looked fresh and hot, so I thought she got the better of our order.  Once she ate her way through the eggs, I could see the canned corned beef lurking underneath.  It was mixed with some more substantial beef pieces and fresh potatoes, but there's no masking the taste and smell of canned corned beef hash.Perhaps we ordered the wrong thing.  Maybe the chicken fryer was out that day.  Or they ran out of the house made corned beef.  I saw the manager in the background, checking on tables, watching the flow.  What they need to be looking at is the menu.  There may be several good dishes on it, but you should never risk turning off a customer by presenting them with a bad dish.    Because of the good location and comfortable vibe of the restaurant overall, it is my sincere hope that they get their menu turned around.  If they do, I'll be back to try again.
