4	I adore Miss Sixty. The clothes are fabulous and sexy and make you feel that way when you wear them. Karen and Eden are my favorites - jeans, that is. They are a perfect fit and give me a nicer booty and leaner legs. Also, I get the most compliments on my Miss Sixty boots and heels than any other shoes I own. I must say, my closet is probably 1/3 Miss Sixty.We happened to come across the new Miss Sixty store in The Forum Shops, located in the old Diesel store. Unfortunately, it's not in the best part of the mall (in the back by Niketown) and the layout of the store is pretty bad, plus they are remodeling the robotic statues right in front of it. Whoever did the merchandising displays did a good job though, because we liked the pieces on them. Nicole tried on a super hot bustier dress and Jessica tried on a bootylicious short jumper. While they were perfect for Vegas, they were a bit too hard to wear in SF. It would just be too much fabulousness for The City to take. Tragic.Mark, who was helping out the store but really worked at the Miss Sixty outlet, was super friendly and totally did not pressure us into buying anything. In fact, he suggested that we check out the newly opened outlet store because they had gotten a recent shipment of new arrivals from the current collection. On top of that, he extended his 30% off Friends & Family discount to us! Now that's superior customer service.
4	Miss Sixty offers up unique takes on denim and other casual ware - with their sassy cuts.Though their stuff is pricey, and you may have to endure trying on a good number of different sizes, since many of their jeans have strange cuts and are made from varied material - you can get a personal guarantee that once you find the right Miss Sixty piece - you will want sixty more of them.Perhaps my favorite thing about the current Miss Sixty collection is that they're fashion forward and are bringing back overalls. They've added stretch to them, made them short and bootylicious, and injected some 'tude into them. Mark, the guy helping us at this specific Miss Sixty was extremely personable, helpful, and outgoing. He went out of his way to check in with each of us to see if we were interested in trying stuff on, and recommended that we check out the Miss Sixty outlet nearby, and extended his family and friends discount to us.Unfortunately the cute pair of booty-alls that I tried on, were far too expensive for me and due to length, I could probably only wear them in Vegas, but it's reassuring to know, as an overalls collector - that there's a fashion line just as excited about straps attached to pants as I am.
4	Dropped in here to kill some time....little did we know that we'd end up buying a pair of boots, a pair of booties, and shirt for a really awesome deal.  I always check out the shoe section...several pairs were 50% off, but if it wasn't for the great sales girl helping us at 11pm last night, we would have never known about the store's special promo:  buy 2 sale items, get 60% off; buy 3 or more, get 70% off.  Any girl in her right mind wouldn't pass up something like that! =)  .Customer service was an A+...wish there were more items on sale last night.Note:  this store is one of the many at the Caesar's Forum Shops.
