3	Went here with my girl! She was craving some Lao food. This place wasn't bad at all.
5	Friendly staff, good prices, check them out for all your Thai / Laos food needs.
5	Best place to get Laos food! In the back of their store you can sit down or do take out. My favorite dishes there is their Kao Piak (chicken noodle soup)-Kao Poun (chicken coconut curry soup)-beef Larb and Laos Style Papaya salad! Everyone there is friendly. So if your wanting good home cooked Laos food check this place out!!
4	I love this place simply because of the fresh Laotian and Thai food.I am often intimated because of all the old ladies in the place speaking to each other. I just wish I knew what they were saying. But they have never been rude to me. In fact, they are always so nice.In addition to the awesome food you can get here, I scored a great mortle and pestle for $10.00. Not possible to find this deal anywhere else. I love the assortment of Thai and Loas sauces they make that you can find in the refrigerated section as well.
4	A lot of people don't know about this place! They serve authentic Laotian food in the back of the store. This is my go to place when I don't feel like cooking and I'm on that side of town. I've pretty much have tried everything on their menu. It's written in Lao so you'll have to ask them what they have. I've never been disappointed, my kids know everyone there by now. We've always had generous portions of food whether it was dine in or to go. Papaya salad Lao style is the way to go with sticky rice! My fav is the nam kao (Laotian fried rice with cured pork sausage) and kao piek sen (homemade udon noodle soup with chicken). The beef larb is something my husband orders every time were there. The only thing that keeps me going there regularly is the distance! Living in the southwest part of town, we are lacking any Laotian stores in the area and home cooked food for that matter.
5	This has become my go-to Asian market! Why deal with the hassle (and traffic) of driving to Chinatown? This place is small, but they cram a lot of goodness into a tiny space.  They really have everything I need and want (plus more). Case in point: Thai basil and kaffir lime leaves.  I have at times driven to 5-6 different stores around town looking for these items.  They have them! Plus lemongrass, galangal, a million sauces, curry pastes and noodles.  Including the GOOD Maesri Thai curry pastes that I love.  Thai chiles, tofu, baby Thai eggplants, fresh rice noodles?AND for you meat eaters, they serve freshly made Laotian food! It's cheap, convenient (NE corner of DI and Pecos, right behind the McDs), awesome. $10 minimum for credit/debit cards.
3	I see this place on my way to the gym and I decided to pull in, as I was looking for bean paste for the dish I was making for a potluck.  I took a stab and thought that they may have had some there. This place is obviously a specialty store and caters to South East Asian foods and goods.  It's not a huge place but it was clean and friendly.I was here for maybe 5 minutes and then asked if they had what I was looking for.  Long story short, they didn't have any bean paste, and I knew I was taking a chance.  But, they couldn't have been nicer to me and apologized for not having my item.
4	Hella far from where I live, but worth the drive and gas to get my hands on authentic lao food. I love there papaya salad, make sure you ask for lao style it is sooooooo delicious, just make sure your not kissing anyone afterwards HAHAHA cause your breath will be kicking like VAN DAMNN ! My other favorite dish to order is GOY or larb seen( raw mince beef with some B in it haha) the lao folks know what im talking about. You could even eat there if you like, if you don't want to stink up your car and take it home haha.     The owners are very nice people, very friendly and alwayse smiling thats why we love coming here. Besides the hot food, theres asian vegetables, jael bong(chilli paste) balut(baby duck egg) rice and many more. Parking is easy to find the only negative I could find is the the distant from my house haha.
5	It is as good as it gets.This small & quaint market is always my go to spot. Especially, If I am in the food for some Thai or Laos food. You cannot go wrong with anything here, especially the papaya salad and larb. And if you love soo moo (fermented pork sausage), they have some of the best here. And their soups, from the chicken noodle to curry soup. Gael Kapi (fermented fish hot sauce) & Gael Bong (sweet & thick spicy paste) are two of my favorites sauces you can find here.The quality and freshness of their prepared food & products is always consistent - fresh and superb. Their prices are hard to beat as well when it comes to their fresh produce and food. You might pay a slight premium on other items such as canned or dry good but since this is closer to me and I don't have to go to China town, I am okay with that. Again, I cannot stress enough how awesome the staff is here.
5	NOT FOR EVERYONEReminds me of eating street vendor food in Thailand, Malaysia and Vietnam. Authentic, wholesome fresh, fundamental foods for the ordinary folks.  If you don't mind sharing a bench table and dining inside a grocery store with the locals, this could a very rewarding epicurean adventure for some. If you don't care to share a table, takeout might be a better alternative.It's a grocery store with a limited inventory of products, produce and dry goods for Southeast Asians especially Laos, Cambodians and Thais. In fact the people here speak all three languages plus English.  In the back of the store on the right side, there's simple kitchen and dish out counter of eight items. Majority are soups to add to the rice or rice noodles.I ordered their beef noodle soup and Yu-go chauffeur went for two items of chicken curry plus roasted chicken with rice. Of course everything was fresh from the grocery store's inventory. Kinda convenient I would say. There were three women operating the kitchen.  The one lady who assisted us was named "Air." She was incredibly nice. Of course when they're not busy, they would do other grocery related chores.Our lunch cost just $12... talk about a bargain and a half.  There's lots of other goodies that I want to try.  Half of the cooked items are vegetarian friendly.  Every cooked item was so very tempting. So, another trip back is a must.  Convenient large parking lot in front.
4	This is my go to place for Asian ingredients. It's the most fully stocked Laos/Thai specialty market in town in my honest opinion. The store itself is large. They have all of the cooking equipment you need. They have all of the sauces and ingredients you need to make authentic Thai and Laos food at home.I admit that Chinatown has a lot of the same things for cheaper, but I support the family owned places. They also have a little restaurant in the back. You'll find red chicken curry and even authentic Laos chicken noodle soup. You'd be hard pressed to find it anywhere unless you make it at home.
5	Nothing beats a mom and pop store/restaurant. It's pretty far from where I live but whenever I get a chance to go eat some home cooked Laotian food, I'd like to come here. They have pretty much anything you can find in a local Asian groceries store. The prices are a bit higher but they have items like fresh kaffir lime leaves, Laotian cooking tools  and a few other items you can not find at 168 or even SF Market. If you go towards the back of the store, there's a hot food items that they serve there or do a take-out. One of the best Laotian food I've had there. A must have are their awesome papaya salad (Lao style) & chicken noodle soup! My personal favorite is the nam kaow (mixed rice wrapped) We literally just come for that! If you have a little difficulties ordering, ask Eric to order for you (he is at the register).
5	I love everything about this market...I love the food especially the nam. I buy all my ingredients here when I feel like cooking some Lao food for my husband.
4	I've been craving for papaya salad for quite some time now so decided to give this place a try. Exactly like many other reviews,  this place is located in the back of the grocery store.  There's a small table in the back where you can sit and eat after placing an order.  The food took some time to come out but the quality was more than average.  The papaya salad was very flavorful. The beef noodle soup was ok. Overall the experience was worth a try.  I'll have to consider coming back though.  I do like a nice sit down restaurant better and will search for a better place. If good food is more important than presentation then this place won't bother you.  In fact,  you might enjoy this place.
4	I had Somtam lao $6, Noodle soup $6, Mam kao Tod $7 OMG!!! I'm so happy to find this place . They also have fresh produce. reasonable price. I will be back and already recommended this market to my friends.
5	I love this place. Feels just like home. I love their Laos style papaya salad and their desserts (nam wan) when they do have it. FYI, Laotians love spicy food... So if you love the food and still want that perfect combination of spicy and being able to enjoy your papaya... Order it with spice level "less than medium" lol
4	Would not be surprised if some people's first impression of the existence of a Laotian grocery store in Las Vegas would play out like the following classic conversation from King of the HillHank: So are you Chinese or Japanese?Khan: No, we are Laotian.Bill: The ocean? What ocean?Khan: From Laos, stupid! It's a landlocked country in South East Asia between Vietnam and Thailand, population approximately 4.7 million!Hank: So are you Chinese or Japanese?Kahn: D'oh! There are hole in the walls, and then there are SECRET hole in the walls (the kind you would never stumble across unless you knew it was there), and Laos Asia Market falls under the latter.  Located in a strip mall a few miles off The Strip, one finds a strip of counter space in the back end of a mom/pop Asian grocery store serving up homemade Laotian classics stripped free of all pretense and artifice.  Had it not been for the menu with the handful of offerings displayed on handwritten poster board and a few benches in front of the counter space, one could easily mistake this as simply a work station for prepared foods and miss out on this little oasis of freshly prepared Laotian cuisine.With two sweet ladies manning the kitchen and patiently taking down orders, my friend and I felt like we were crashing some Laotian grandma's house for a home-cooked meal.  Green papaya salad comes in two styles, Thai and Lao, the latter being less sweet and sour and more savory and pungent due to heavier emphasis on the fish sauce and less on the lime juice/palm sugar.  With crisp yardlong beans, tomatoes, green papaya and peanuts, there is a slow escalation of spice that builds in the mouth due to the chilies but the cool temperature of the dish keeps it in check.  Another notable specialty to get is the Nam Khao.  Not sure what that translates to, but I would surmise it would be something along the lines of "party in one's mouth", where the RSVP guest list includes chunks of crispy rice, fermented pork sausage, grated coconut, peanuts, cilantro, green onion, shallots, lime juice, fish sauce, hot chilies, and perhaps a few closely guarded mystery guests (who wouldn't want to host that party?) .  Grab a few spoonfuls and wrap them in lettuce, and your mouth will thank you over and over again.   Another solid dish is the Khao Piek Sen (Lao version of chicken noodle soup), and it uses a chewy tapioca udon in a well-simmered chicken stock with crispy shallots, green onion, shredded chicken, and pork blood cubes upon request if you're feeling a little adventurous (having had it in various soups in Asia, it functions more like a morbid form of tofu when it's done properly although I wanted to prepare some of you for the "bloodcurdling" reaction some of you may have if they prompt you on this option). Having struck up some conversation with a few regulars, I learned that one of the owners relatives used to run Thai Food to Go a few blocks down the street, so solid cooking definitely runs in the family.  Observing their orders, it also appears that the larb served with sticky rice, deep fried fish, and the pho (slightly different seasoning in broth compared to the better known Vietnamese version) are on my list of things to try with future visits. Avoid being trapped between Chinese and Japanese fare.   This is an excellent primer on Laotian cuisine in a humble yet hospitable setting providing an authentic medley of flavors straddling between Thai and Vietnamese.  P.S. The store itself also offers some excellent produce, prepackaged sweet confections, and other hard-to-find ingredients for the home cooks.
5	I used to go to this store all the time when I lived on the east part of town now I live so far away but still go there sometimes because they have some produce or items that I need in Indonesian cooking but I can't find it in china town or other Thai stores.I love Thai dessert selection they have but never ordered anything on their hot food section yet, I don't know how to order. The food smells good though
4	Combination mini restaurant/market.  Many authentic choices very reasonably priced. They sell quality curry paste (Mae Anong, Maesri) and have multiple selections for most products.  I can't say the folks who work there are very friendly/customer service oriented... however, when I did initiate a question about vegan options, one female employee that I approached was helpful and answered all of my questions.  She definitely knew her inventory.  Just an FYI - $15 minimum for credit card use (including debit cards) which for a local ethnic mom/pop business, I think is fine. Definitely worth a visit.
5	This place deserves more reviews!! I came here because the bf had laos friends who lived in Vegas while we were visiting. We now come here every time we go to Vegas, even taking taxi from the strip if we have to! It's a market with basic necessities and a small togo area with little seating in the back (maybe 10 seats). I'd never had Laotian food before this place, and I've tried one more after this place in Hawaii but it doesn't top this place! I LOVE the beef larp dish and papaya salad here. So damn delicious and medium spicy is perfect for me. I recently tried the Nam Kuao dish and I'm in love.... Their Thai iced coffee is also super yummy and perfectly sweet. I wish there were Laotian restaurants in San Jose!! ):
5	I love this place for my shopping and their papaya salad. Although, everything they cook in that kitchen is pure magic. My family is from Cambodia and I was raised in Providence, RI while living in Connecticut. There was a heavy Southeast Asian influence in the part of Providence we often frequented. When we moved here about 8 years ago, it quickly vanished from my vision and my mother would go searching to no avail. Finally we found this wonderful gem and felt right at home with the food and the small family business appeal we were use to. I love being able to talk to the owner as i check out. They are nice and the food is authentic to the region. It reminds me of everything I grew up with.
