1	I normally give places 2 chances before they are written off.  This time, one was all it took.  If a year from now they hang a new "Under new ownership" sign out front, I might give it a second try, but not before then.  They are trying to be Panda Express and they are failing miserably.  Really really miserably.  Overpriced for what you get, and what you get isn't good at all.  And while I'm not saying everyone will feel this way, we both felt a bit icky about 20 minutes later.  Really want some fast Asian in the area?  Try the Panda Express down the road.
1	I really dislike this place!
2	Food is ok, price is ok. nothing special.
4	overall, pretty darn good.  i was weary of going down the street to try this for the first time, given the hot & cold reviews on here, but i'm glad i went.  food was not too greasy (as panda express tends to be).   i had the sesame chicken and black pepper chicken which both were awsome! noodles were a bit heavy so get the cabbage if you're trying to eat healthier.  i will definitely return.
2	I was so excited to find this place, less than a minute down the street from home! Because I'm not a big panda express fan, but I love Chinese food. Sadly, I was disappointed. The orange chicken was very stringy and tasteless. The sweet and sour sauce was runny and mostly sour. The wontons were the only decent thing we ate there. If you want good, cheap chinese avoid this place and try Li's Bowl on 35th ave.
2	Its OK, nothing special better than some other mom and pop places to eat. I would like to see more variety of food. I think Panda Express is a better quality, however if you want quick, nearby 51st Ave location, then I would prefer this based soley on location.
3	Mmmmm orange chicken...I like this place...best chinese in Laveen...although it doesn't have much competition so that's not saying much...red dragon over li s bowl and panda any day in my opinion....price for amount of food you get is great..if you think you get small quantity here them I'm sorry...you may be a fat ass. :)That all being said, it wouldent take much for another chinese resturant to come along and dethrone Red Dragon....because while it isent bad....its not amazing either.
1	My husband and I just moved into the neighborhood, not far from this restaurant.  The week we moved in, we took his parents to try this place in hopes of it being a new favorite Chinese food place.  It was a complete waste of money and a total disappointment.The layout is similar to that of Panda Express, but the food is far from edible.  The portions ARE big, I'll give them that, but they have to make up for the lack of taste somewhere.  We all felt sick after eating there and we'll never go back.
1	This was one of the worst chinese food experiences I've had. The chicken had a stange consistency to it and the noodles tasted like they had been sitting all day. I will not be back.
1	Don't waste your time. The Chow mien noodles were stuck together, the chips they give you with your soup tasted like straight oil, the won ton had no flavor, the broth is like water. I went once and will not return. Go to Li's bowl on 35th ave instead.
3	This is a decent place for fast-food Chinese. They have good and cheap hot and sour soup that I always get. Get here when the food is fresh and it's awesome! Inexpensive prices and very friendly staff :)
1	Should have checked yelp before I stopped in.  The food looked edible enough from the outside.  I ordered a Kung Pao chicken from the rude staff.  Got it home, opened it up, and the smell was off and the chicken did not even look right.  I took one bite and had to immediately spit it back into the box, tasted almost rancid.  I am SURE I would have been sick had I actually consumed any of the food!!!!  Panda Express across the street seems like high end gourmet compared to this dump!  Avoid at all costs!!!
1	Probably the worst chinese I've had in years. Sweet and sour had almost no sauce, and the kung pao chicken tasted like beef stew, not spicy at all. Not worth half what I paid.
2	It was alright. If you need something quick and close it will do in a pinch. Agree with others that the lack of sauce is disappointing. Egg roll was like any other. Nothing too special. The steamed veggies were pretty fresh and crisp so that was a plus.
5	Rice noodles is good! Its not dry!  Orange chicken also great!!!
5	I love this place!! I have being going there since they opened.  I love everthing on the menu.  I am on the HCG diet and I go in everyday and buy the barbecue chicken and the fresh veggies.  It has helped with my diet.  I don't have to cook and it works.  I love the taste of the BQ Chicken, it's grilled fresh and the veggies are always so fresh.  When I am on my normal eating pattern, I call in special orders, for example Wonton Soup with out salt.  The house fried rice is so good, they put big shrimp into the mix.  Oh, my nephews just loves the orange chicken.  But don't let me forget to tell you about the staff.  The cooks are so friendly and get right on your special order.  And the cashiers are very nice and helpful.  I recommond the Red Dragon Express to anyone.  I don't like Panda Express because their food just doesen't taste right.
2	I tried this place yesterday since i was in the area and in the mood for Chinese. The girl behind the counter was very nice.. The Kung Pao chicken looked good but it was just meh when I tasted it, The hot and sour soup was ok but nothing special. This place is not bad but I doubt I will go here again and would not recommend it, Like someone else said i should have checked Yelp first before following impulse to try something new,
4	Food is great.
1	Staff in this place are very RUDE and make you feel rushed! The food is NOT that great and they give you waay to much food on your plate.
4	I've been to this restaurant few times when I visit my friend in south mountain.They have pretty good food, even my son loves their orange chicken.
1	Wow! This place has the worst Chinese food I have ever had in my life, no exaggeration. When first trying this place it was decent yet still below par, and now its been consistently getting worse. The food lacks flavor and complexity that you would find in asian food. I have tried to give this place numerous tries because it had potential at the beginning, but after the 4th time I give up!My most recent stop, I found a ton of black specks all over my Singapore noodles which most likely resulted from the cook scratching the wok way too hard. These people can't cook! Unpleasant, waste of my money and time. This place is not a legit Chinese restaurant and so far from it!! You are better off getting panda express which is just across the street.
1	Being a single man that lives alone, I'm always looking for good restaurant near me In Laveen, AZ.  I use my yelp app to look for locations near me. I came across this place. The majority ads were very negative, but I thought give them a chance. Unfortunately I should've paid attention to the other review. I will not say the food was disgusting, but it was not very good whatsoever. I ordered the house egg for young (sp) with an order of fried rice. That egg foo Young was soaking with the oil it was prepared with. The rice in the fried rice was burnt. People, I would just say read the reviews first. Blessings.
4	Better than expected. Did not feel rushed or that the workers were rude. Only down is there's Spanish on the tv lol but I did enjoy watching it.
2	This place is barely a step above Panda Express. Actually, it's worse I think. Unless you order something special the food is prepared ahead of time and sitting on a steam table. Will not be going back!
5	This is the best chinese restaurant !!! The food is made fresh and tastes delicious!!! And the owner makes sure that the food is fresh and you receive great customer service from the friendly cooks, and cashiers.   I LOVE The Red Dragon Express, i will drive 30 miles just to get the barbecue chicken and mix vegetables.    I have called in and they have made special orders.  For example I can't have to much salt and I will ask if they could make my wonton soup without salt.  They are so accommodating and such great cooks!!! I recommend this place to anyone!!! P.S. its super clean!!!
1	If McDonald's made Chinese food it would taste like this. The price is higher than average, which just adds to the disappointment.
5	Red Dragon Express  There name says it all they are express, BUT there food is GREAT!My favorite are there soups house noodle soup is amazing. I like that they offer a "Panda Express" option and they offer a to go menu where they have Soups & Fried Rice . On my most recent visit I tried there Singapore Noodles very delicious and different option to a traditional lo Mein. I'm Glad there in Laveen.
