5	I got so excited when I saw this place as I've only ever seen frozen yoghurt shops in America and I'm a big fan. I wasn't disappointed. There were 4 flavours of yoghurt and a huge variety of toppings - 30+. They come in small, medium or large portions. I had a small natural flavoured yoghurt with strawberries and raspberries. It was absolutely gorgeous. Even for a small the serving was huge, well worth the money. The interior of the place was wonderful, bright and eye-catching with a good seating area. The staff were really friendly as well - especially seeing as we made our visit late at night when you'd expect staff to be wilting a bit. Overall, Imwas extremely impressed and I'll definitely be returning.
4	I love this place and its chocolate frozen yoghurt!Even a small cup is a big portion, and there are so many toppings to choose from - but a small with one topping is excellent value for money and so delicious, especially on a warm afternoon.We didn't stay, but there are lots of seats inside, and a few outside too so you can sit and enjoy your froyo if you have time :)We got really quick service and were very happy with the product, I'll be back soon to try the mango flavour!
3	Fittingly, for a shop that sells frozen yoghurt, Frisky always feels really cold and frosty. The door is normally wide open, the seating plastic and lacking in any comfort, and the walls stretch up for ages before hitting the ceiling - it definitely does not feel cozy. However, for all of the chilly feel, the frozen yoghurt is universally enjoyable. It's a bit on the pricey side, but if you get a large portion to share it's a bit less of a sting on the pocket. I love how there are loads of fruits and healthy things to top on your yoghurt. I suspect these are universally ignored and everyone heads straight for the brownie pieces and chocolate toppings. I know I do.
3	In want of a frozen, sweet treat post 6pm we wandered to Frisky for some frozen yoghurt. I've not been before, but there are plenty of them about so must be reasonably successful. We both went for the chocolate yoghurt - pretty good - and a few toppings. I had raspberries and mini smarties, sister had raspberries, blueberries and white chocolate drops (although commented that she wished she'd left off the chocolate drops as they tasted of nothing). Fairly reasonably priced for the portion size too.However, the floor was slippy (not just water, something had been spilt) and, watched by the staff,  I slipped (thankfully not actually falling over). I exclaimed that the floor was wet, and... nothing happened. No-one said sorry, no-one came out to clean up despite the hazard. Hmmph.Yoghurt = fine. Floor = slippy.
1	My sister and myself were extremely looking forward to visiting Frisky on Lothian Road. The decor of the shop had always been inviting! Unfortunately this is where excitement ends for our visit.Having spent ages deliberating what we both were going to pick, (I will mention at this point, we have both had froyo many times before) we decided upon their cherry flavoured frozen yoghurt. Bad choice! As It was well and truly off!! Not just zingy, or about to turn. Full on, putrid - I had to spit mine back in the bowl, yuk ) : Of course we took it back to the counter to explain. The girl that served us said she would get the manager to see us. Who then proceeded to taste test our yoghurt and simply replied 'it's the flavouring making it taste like that'?! We were then ignored as she carried on serving someone else! We were astonished to say the least, as we left extremely disappointed. No alternative offered, no refund given and an all round, pretty below par poor service, not to mention passed it sell by date product! You can say we definitely left with a bad taste in our mouth...Therefore this warrants only one star, which I give to the shops interior. Shame, but you live and learn!
3	So, I was swithering between 3 or 4 stars, so think of this as a high 3!Frisky's is one of the many froyo shops that has popped up about town in the last year or so. I am a big fan of frozen yoghurt and if that's what you're after you've come to the right place! Tasty, tangy, zingy froyo and the meadows to lounge on just minutes away. You can pick between a few flavours and then decide upon your toppings. This is the fun bit, although I do feel it could be slightly better. They have a variety of toppings to choose from- fruits, sweeties and sauces but they aren't the most generous with their toppings and if it's a quieter day they can look a bit like they've been sitting out a while. Also the price can add up a bit if you fancy a few toppings.  Overall I like this place, the froyo is good and it's in a nice spot. I would recommend a visit particularly if you feel like sitting on the meadows on a sunny afternoon.
