3	According to yelp, 3 stars = "A-OK."  This place, for me, is exactly that because it's cheap, convenient, and surprisingly tasty.  How much can you expect from a bean burrito that is $0.99?  Not much, right?  Well, here at Del Taco, the beans are slow-cooked from scratch.  They're not a mushy mess.  Hubby likes the strawberry shakes -- there's REAL ice cream in them things! -- and the chili cheese fries (cardiac arrest on a plate, but you only live once).  It's a great option after a hike, when you're ravenous and want calories NOW.  I've never experienced less-than-friendly service and you can get as much hot sauce as you want!
5	This is a great location. Inside the store is clean and the staff is very friendly. They are very fast and the food is correct and hot and tasty! I love the Cheddar Quesadillas and Buritto Deluxe. AND they have Cherry Coke!!!
4	Quick and easy
4	Can you say cheap three times fast?  CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP!For some reason we often end up here for a quick bite after a long Sunday morning grocery shopping at the nearby Walmart & Sam's Club.  Sometimes you just don't feel like a friggin' hot dog or crappy pizza.  I'm talking to you Sam's Club!  Take a cue from Costco for better cheap eats.The newly renovated Del Taco is pretty clean as wellas bright and inviting with it's new color scheme.  The menus have been changed up a bit and some new items added.  Guess change can be good sometimes.  One big change is that now on each table there are baskets that already have the condiments arranged nicely in them (mild, hot, habanero sauces, ketchup).  I guess the goal is to make it seem like you're more at home for a meal.  But the quality of food (for the cheapness it is) sure beats that other taco place (*cough* Taco Bell *cough*), at least in my opinion.  The food here at Del Taco tastes much fresher and settles better in my tummy.  I dunno about that other taco place, those damn Doritos Locos Tacos always leave me feeling gassy and light headed.  Perhaps it's the artificial ingredients in that shell??The Classic Taco at Del Taco is one of my favorites.  The crunchy shell filled with seasoned beef, fresh shredded cheddar cheese, lettuce, and tomato?  For only $1 each?  Yeah, I'll have 5.  And wrapping it in yellow paper?  Ooh...almost authentic Mexican!  When these tacos are fresh, they are greatness.  I will eat like a cheap, happy man.  I also like their plain old Bean & Cheese Burrito (with red sauce).  When the beans are from a fresh batch made in store, it's pretty good eats.  Another favorite?  Their $1 Chicken Soft Taco.  I can eat a dozen of these easy.  But, and I say that critically...only when they are freshly made.  I don't want mine made with old flour tortillas, or with old grilled chicken.  Nope.  Gotta be fresh made!  If you're nice and are buying several of these Chicken Soft Tacos with your order, you can ask them to cook a fresh batch of chicken for you and they will sometimes oblige.  Trust me, don't go for the ones sitting there.  Del Taco...eat FRESH!  Hmm....copyright infringement ensues...Another big reason I like Del Taco over Taco Bell (there, I said it) is because they serve friggin' Coca-Cola!  It's a big factor over why I visit Del Taco over Taco Bell if given the choice.  It just seems to go way better with a semi-Mexcan meal that a Pepsi.  Call me whatever you want, Coke is it!  I really am getting in trouble with these copyright laws...I will usually get a decent meal at Del Taco for two at under $9.  Thank God the wifey likes a cheap meal more often than not!  Either that, or she just puts up with me.  I have no qualms with my usual order:  Combo #1, make it a medium, double-cook the quesadilla (me likes it crispy), 1 Bean & Cheese Burrito with red sauce, and 1 Chicken Soft Taco.  If I don't want that with my Combo #1, I'll add on two Breakfast Burritos.  Yes, Del Taco serves breakfast as well (24 hours in most locations)...and they started this way before Taco Bell's 'First Meal'!Staff here is friendly, and very quick with your orders.  Prices vary a little bit depending if you're going with a combo or going off of the value menu.  But you can usually get away with feeding one hungover person at around the $7-8 for a complete meal.  Don't forget, Del Taco also serves burgers, shakes, and fries!  I'm not sure about a burger in a taco joint so I've never really tried them.  But the fries?  Not bad as they are a standard crinkle cut.  Get the Deluxe Chili Cheddar Fries (add jalapenos if you're feeling HOT HOT HOT), wow, explosion in a tray.  Get your TUMS.  You will either LOVE these, or HATE these.  Chili bomb!     Late night?  Del Taco will treat you right.
3	4am drive thru challenge!Actually, I had just finished up another late night & thought I needed a burger (or something).  So this was a flashback to my Sonic experience.  However, I didn't hate myself in the morning, this time.Ordered a Bacon Double Del (an underrated burger, IMO) and a breakfast burrito.  Drive Thru at 4am was surprisingly steady but they were pretty quick.  You should know, burgers are grilled fresh, so they take extra time. I actually like the food a lot.  It is my #3 fast food joint (#1 being CJ & #2 In-n-Out)This particular store is usually clean and the staff is pretty competent.My food items were tasty, as only a $3 bacon burger & $2 breakfast burrito can be.  Cheap, tasty & quick.  Also, they have a hot "hot sauce" that doesn't taste like battery acid unlike their ringing taco competitor.One last thing, the taco meat is identifiable as beef & the beans actually taste like frijoles refritos.  The other place just makes me think, "Ah, cat food in a tortilla."  Hopefully, I didn't offend a cat food enthusiast.Drive thru, pay with change, enjoy!
4	6 regular tacos for $4.18!!! What a deal and so good too. Oh and I forgot to add the Medium drink, so 6 regular tacos and a drink for under $5.00 can't beat that deal!!!
1	I don't know what it is these tacos but I've eaten here twice and each time I've gotten sick. I don't think its food poisoning but I think there is something in the taco that just doesn't agree with me. Their chicken taco is pretty tasty and it's nice to try something other than beef.
2	Came through the drive-thru for a quick bite to eat. I was appalled by the poor service we received. While placing our order, the girl at the window had an attitude as if we were inconveniencing her by placing our order. She kept trying to rush us even though we had more items to add to our order. Then upon pulling up to the window, we were given the wrong item. When we brought it to her attention, no apology whatsoever. There was just a whole air of poor customer service. Now I remember why I was never a big fan of Del Taco. Will be awhile before I return to this location.
