4	Pops and I each got a 1/4lb burger with chips. Both burgers were excellent as were the homemade chips. We'll definitely return
5	I stumbled on this place purely by accident but what a happy accident. The place is cheery and inviting and most of all clean. The food is delicious and all homemade and the price is right. I've been back 3 times in one week if that tells you something. The homemade chips are incredible and the burgers are exceptional. The burgers are made to order in what they call BYOB (build your own burger). I also have tried the pastrami sandwich and the pizza and both were great! I wasn't sure about the pizza because I'm an ex-NYer but it was terrific. All three times there the cost for the lunch or dinner for myself and a friend was around $16 including the tip. There is also a nice case full of home made baked goods that looked great but I only tried the oatmeal cranberry cookie. It was great. I'll be back to sample more!What makes this place even better are the people that work there. Absolutely friendly and really out there to make you a happy customer. The gal behind the counter, Cheryl, is extremely friendly and professional and each time I visited I felt a personal welcome. The Devil's Kitchen is quickly becoming one of my favorite spots in Chandler and I feel tickled to see this business grow and thrive. It definitely has become my all time favorite place for burgers! Keep them coming!
4	Hello to all my fellow Arizionians and snowbirds-Its time for another exciting review .. I'll take a moment to remind everyone that I am the pickiest person I know!  And with being said....here we go............I just moved to Chandler and noticed DEVILS KITCHEN tucked away in the corner of a little shopping area.I read the great reviews and knew it was a MUST try, so my wonderful husband stopped and picked me up a "PIT burger" that I read so much about.When he picked up the order, Cheryl said  she hopes we enjoy it and my husband told her to check yelp and she would find out! lol....Does that man know me or what!First I will start with Cheryl who I think is the owner?  I called to place an order and Cheryl was so friendly and helpful, she told me she would make any kind of burger I wanted....what more could I ask for?I told her what I like and she suggested the "PIT" burger which is a GIANT burger stuffed with cheese and mild peppers with just enough bite to give it a ZING....The moment that burger entered the house I could smell how fresh and REAL the beef was!Did I mention this is a GIANT burger?  Well....it is.The burger was char grilled to a PERFECT medium rare!As a rule of thumb I do not eat much meat but do enjoy a good burger and I found it...right here in Chandler.The first bite filled my mouth with a blast of flavor.  And every bite that followed was equally as yummy as that first bite.The burger comes with homemade chips which are quite good and not over seasoned.I cant wait to try something else.  I give 4 stars....for now, until I try some other things.If everything is as good as their burgers, they will  soon hold the COVETED 5 star rating, which I believe I have given only ONCE before!Thank you Cheryl for reccomending such an awesome burger...we will be back.I could go on and on but this is a MUST TRY, so if you are in the mood for an awesome burger experience at a fair price give it a try....you wont regret it!  and until then..........Bon Appetite'
5	This is also a great place to eat and hang out.  They've got great food, and the owner is super friendly.  When I was in there, I learned about a super savings deal they have also.  When you wear your "sparky" gear and bring in your AZ Gold Savings Card, you can save 25% on your bill.  I thought it was a super, smoking devil of a deal myself.
2	I ordered pizza by the slice. I got 2 slices which were very greasy and the dough wasn't cooked through. Maybe it was just an off day for the kitchen. Don't know if I'll go back or not. I definitely won't go back for the pizza.
3	Hello again to all of you fellow foodies out there!  HAPPY HOLIDAYSOk, so we went back here a couple weeks ago and I have put off writing this because I really want this business to survive and I think with a few changes it could make it.We tried another stuffed burger, this time it was the one with feta.Again, the meat was extremely good and fresh however....... (I bet you knew this was coming) lol..... the stuffed part I have some issues with.Out  of 2/3 of the burger that I could finish, I actually tasted the feta and stuffings in 2 bites...other than that it was just meat....but good meat!I had never had a stuffed burger before trying Devils Kitchen and in my mind I pictured a burger that oozed cheese and stuffings so in every bite you got all kinds of yummy tastes....  however the reality of these burgers is they stuff a small amount in the meat and cook it...I would have enjoyed taking the one patty and putting toppings on the WHOLE patty then putting the top patty on and smooshing it together to close it up.This way you get to taste the meat and fillings in each bite.... ok lets compare it to a burger in an random burger joynt....you get a patty with cheese on top and you taste cheese in every bite...not the case with a stuffed burger...or at least this stuffed burger.We will be back but I think we will stay away from the stuffed burgers as the cost is more and other than more meat I dont see the point.I would love all the readers to go and give it a try....it would be nice to walk in there and see the place filled with people!Hang in there guys...you have a good concept it just needs some tweaking.You lost a star, but time will tell.....you could get it back!So, until next time..........Bon Appetite'
2	Me and my hubby stopped by after seeing an ad in the New Times. I ordered the Juicy Lucy stuffed burger which was just supposed to be a hamburger stuffed with American cheese. We came in on a Saturday around 7pm. The place was dead. Not one person in there waiting for food. We ordered and it took about 40 mins to get the hamburger. I realize the food is cooked to order but does it really take 40mins to cook a hamburger? Anyway.. our hamburgers came. I did have the two patties smashed together but there wasn't anything in between them. There was no American cheese stuffed inside my burger :(So I had an extra huge thick burger with a thin slice of cheese on top (not American.. maybe Swiss or provolone?) then pickles and mustard but no American cheese to be found and definitely no American cheese stuffed inside my burger. I don't like to complain so I didn't ask the girl at the counter about it. Maybe they did put cheese in there but it totally disappeared once they cooked it because I could not see or taste any sort of American cheese at all.The hamburger itself was ok but I was looking forward to the American cheese stuffed inside. I might try it this place again. They looked like they have a really good deli sandwich section. The girl working the front counter was very friendly and nice. I came from Casa Grande so I don't know if i would go out of my way to visit again but maybe if I'm in the area I'll stop by again.
4	Found this gem by mistake...went to find another place but when we pulled up there were no patrons inside so we came back to Devil's Kitchen.  We expected cajun but were so pleasantly surprised to find pizza, burgers, sandwiches, salads...we picked a white pizza, salad, and the spinich/strawberry salad.  We LOVED everything from the customer service to the food.  We are going back because we didn't have time to wait for the stuffed burgers but that's what we're trying when we go back!
5	Good variety of different things.  Good, high-quality ingredients.  I recommend the stuffed burgers, pizza/calzones and the homemade chips. I've liked those things so much I haven't been able to venture out and try anything else on the menu, but I'd bet the other stuff is good as well.
4	Decided to give this place a visit after getting a coupon from val-pak. So glad we gave this place a shot! The service was very friendly & attentive. The food was very good & offered a good portion size.The one disappointment  was that the menu is posted on the wall, however the cashier didn't point out that there was a second menu further down the wall. I didn't discover this until I had already placed my order. Some of the items on the second menu looked appealing as well, so I was bummed that I didn't order something from that. However, that only means that I'll be back to try some of their other fare. I would recommend this and will be making return visits.
4	First time here and looks realy good and its in a nice little shopping center. The meatball sub was really good. The two girls that work here are very nice and helpful. They have a nice dessert selection. I will be coming back here to try out more of what they have. So far the food has been good I will update when I try more.
4	My girlfriend and I support this restaurant every weekend. She loves the burgers. I tried one of the stuffed burgers once and wasn't particularly impressed. Nothing wrong with it; just an average burger. The pizza, however, is fantastic. Excellent flavor with ingredients you can't choose from at other places. Just finishing up one of them now, and will absolutely be going back for one next weekend.
4	My buddy owns the restaurant next door and he said this place was really good for sandwiches and pizza so I decided to check it out. He was right, I ordered a turkey with avocado along with a barbecue pork with Havarty. Sandwiches came with fries and they were delicious. I think I will stop in again and try their pizza. The place is small for a restuarant but is setup very well and it feels bigger than it really is. Very enjoyable place to sit and grab a bite to eat. I will venture here again.
2	Decided to give this place a shot after receiving numerous door hangers and handbills.....The place is designed a bit on the odd side but has plenty of open seating as well as a few booths. The menu is large with a great deal of variety, perhaps too much..Walked in at 12noon on a Thursday- very quiet, I was the only one there. Decided to give their 'Famous' pizza a try and ordered two slices of pepperoni with a large Coke, only $5.99. The pizza is anything but amazing, lacked any real flavor and had the texture of something that had been reheated from the day before. So needless to say, avoid the pizza as there are better pizzerias in the area. Staff appear to be nice but not sure I would have the sign flippers walking through during business hours.Judging by the revues regarding their burgers here on Yelp, I may give that a try next but again there are plenty of burger joints around here already.
5	Why this place wasn't more busy I have no clue but I'm writing a good review in hopes it will stick around!  FRESH... really fresh... I could taste how fresh the beef was and the fries are hand cut and made daily.  Delish!Margaritas - nom - $2 on Thursdays!  Love the stuffed burgers and multiple (rich gooey) cheese selections, I had a Havarti cheeseburger while my boyfriend mixed up a stuffed burger Voodoo style (blackened,  with bleu cheese and bacon in there somewhere).If you want greasy bar grub, visit the Reef in the same plaza.  If you're seeking delicious, decadent casual food, this is your place.  We will definitely visit again and again... make sure you sign up to receive the weekly specials via text!SECOND VISIT:  $1 Margaritas and $1 Pina Coladas!  On a SATURDAY!!! Heaven!This time we tried the pretzel (omg I want to take one home and put a hot dog on it!) and the wings.  My boyfriend enjoyed the wings and he is picky.  He got this hot this time, and they were HOT - he said next time he'll try the honey hot -- which btw, is what the waitress suggested ;) We ordered a pizza and my boyfriend could not stop raving about the pepperoni.  They use all Boar's Heads meats so that could explain it but we agreed that next time we are going to have to order sammies (mmmm!)  I also want to try the calzones!  I didn't mention the first time but the STAFF here is soooo sweet and attentive!  The owner came by to see how we were doing and was so kind I just really get the very best vibe out of this place.I hear there are plans for a TV before football season so hurray!  Not a place that's loud and crazy and drunk but a casual atmosphere that's safe and clean and definitely worth the stop.  Going again this week to have a vegan friend try it! :D
5	I live in this area and have tried most burger joints out around here.  This is hands down the best burger i've had in the east valley.... ever.  Eat here!
4	The food was delicious! I had one of the stuffed burgers because you know, bacon. It was really juicy and everything a hamburger should be!  I also loved the French Fries.  The service was amazing, they even brought me a glass of Sweet Tea so I could see if I liked it before ordering it.  It was amazing, I usually drink plain iced tea with no sweetner but I really love good sweet tea.  It was a great experience!
2	My friend got the wrong sandwich ordered & my stuffed burger was just stuffed w/ mushrooms. Blue cheese dressing poured over top of burger making a mess.
5	Went to  Devils Kitchen tonight they just opened after being closed for the summer. It was absolutely delicious we had hamburgers pizza and wings the waitress Shelley was superb.  Can't wait to go back.
5	Review update!Glad that I was able to talk to Cherilynn and find out that I am still within the delivery area.  We had pizza and fried zucchini last night and yum yum. The slices are huge, the zucchini was amazing, I should have got two orders for my family of four cause they were just that good and they are good sized too.  Shelly was friendly and chit chatted with us while we were waiting for our order. For sure sticking with these guys and probably will be going in to visit to try some other things out on the menu.  If they had TVs we would be there every Sunday for football!
5	Pulled pork sandwich was good. Wasabi coleslaw had just the right amount of kick but didn't overwhelm the pork. Fresh made chips are a nice touch. Service isn't swift but moves along nicely. Seems to be a nice family business.
2	I used to love this place. When it first opened it was great, they had the most amazing desserts and stuffed burgers, then they changed the menu and replaced the desserts with alcohol. Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless. They used to deliver but stopped that as well. I don't understand why a place that served great food changes the best things about their place... Maybe they forgot, if it's not broke don't fix it. I give them a month before they close. Sad bc I used to brag all the time about how amazing they are and would send people there, now I don't even go...
