5	Ruth's Chris is terrific in every way.  Service, steaks and ambiance were outstanding.
5	Ruth's Chris is awesome.  My tenderloin was a perfect medium rare and had great flavor in addition to being incredibly tender.  The sides were great, rich but flavorful potatoes au gratin and tender asparagus with a tasty hollandaise sauce.  Excellent service and nice ambience.  This place is better than Fleming's but not quite as good as Tornado Club though it is almost there.
4	Even though I am not a big steak guy, I love this place. They get everything right, everything. Most times, my wife and I sit at the bar or one of the great booths right off the bar and have drinks and some food. The wine list is STUPID GOOD. And unlike many "steak" places, they actually have red wines other than just Cab Sav! The food is fantastic and the service is superb. Kevin at the bar is a pro - and ask for Young for your server if you are eating dinner - she rocks. The only negative is the price - it is a bit silly how much the food costs here. It would get 5 stars but for the prices.
3	Very good steaks, but very pricey. There are other places that serve meat that is just as good at prices that are more in line.
5	Went on Sunday and it was wonderful.  Wanted to have a nice date night and that's exactly what it was.  We had Felipe for a server and it was great.  Started with the Black Cherry-Tini and he started with a Screwdriver.  Both were excellent and portions were great.  Started with the crab stuffed mushrooms and they were amazing, I finished two before he even finished one! I moved onto the Pomegranate Martini and again it was great.  I had the Caribbean Lobster Tail and he had the Petite Filet and Crab Legs.  We shared a side of mashed potatoes and everything was really well done.  We skipped dessert in order to make a late movie, but next time we won't - too many things looked delicious. We really enjoyed the experience and it was quiet, cozy and warm being right next to the fireplace.  We will be back!
3	The service was outstanding.  The waiter and general manager nailed the whole experience.  The food was good, but I have had equally as good cuts of steak elsewhere for 1/2 the price.
1	I wrote a 5 star review in 2010 and had such a bad experience last Saturday I got on yelp to change it.  Slooow service, fatty steak sandwiches, greasy oil soaked and cold calimari, crab cakes tasted like bad tuna fish. Waitress was overwhelmed with our table of 6. Managers were scrambling, and argueing with each other. I had to get up and go to the bar for a refill, (waitess disappeared) 10 minutes to get our bill taken care of. They over charged during happy hour specials and couldnt figure out how to change it. Really a shame, I liked this place and will probably try again but it's gonna take a while to shake this last visit.
3	If you have seen one RC you have seen them all. Classic upscale chain the has just enough atmosphere to get buy, and an unjustified arrogance surrounding the dining experience. The food is good but you can get much better in Madison for the price. Most definitely better steak than a supper club. For the experience and the quality of the food, I would choose Tornado Room (downtown), Smokey's (for that eclectic experience), George's Chop House (though the quality can vary some but never bad), or Flemings (another chain but much better atmosphere and a little better steak).
5	My friends living in Madison took me to Ruths Chris for happy hour when i visited. This place is first class but is rather pricey. Happy hour is not pricey and the food is delicious!we had appetizers (seared ahi, tempura veggies, a FANTASTIC chopped salad and shrimp in a creamy sauce)and they were all half price during happy hour. well drinks were five dollars! you cant beat that deal with a stick.the bartender was well known by everyone in the bar. i do not recall his name but he is the type that meets you once and remembers your name and what you drink (i wish i could say the same thing!) a very  nice touch is that the bartender has a pair of reader's glasses for us old folks that have a hard time reading the bill and didnt bring our readers loli had a blast and this spot was awesome! this is as good as it gets
3	The first time we ate here we used a gift certificate so we ordered appetizers and sides and desserts, which we normally wouldn't have done based on their prices.  All are overpriced considering none of the ones we had were anything spectacular.  But I would definitely keep going back for the filet.  Unbelievably good.  Believe the hype.  I'm not really a meat person and most steak tastes too gamey to me.  I usually need some sauteed mushrooms or onions or steak sauce or something to be able to finish a steak.  But their filet had such good flavor and was so tender I savored every (garnishless) bite.  Awesome.
5	My husband and I dined at Ruth Chris Steakhouse on 12/17/2010 and in a word - delicious!   Our server Madeline helped make the experience wonderful.  She was attentive, but not overbearing.My husband had the 6oz filet and shrimp and the filet was exactly what everyone had told us it would be.  It was divine.I chose the lambchop and it was huge and prepared perfectly (we had leftovers)We started with the Calamari and we are use to receiving a dipping sauce at other restaurants, but this Calamari was made in it's own sauce and every bite sorta danced on your tongue from all the flavor.My husband was equally impressed with the seafood chowder and the whipped butter and bread.He had a southern comfort old fashion sweet and he said it was made just right.Overall, a great dining experience.  We will be back!
3	I can now say I've dined at Ruth's Chris and I can also say that I just don't get the hype.  The food was fine, no complaints.  But for the price I expected a really spectacular meal and I got an ok meal.  I got chicken and my husband had the filet.  Again, no complaints about the food but we felt we could get what we had at a lot of places.The service was good - We had reservations during restarurant week and I was impressed that we were seated almost exactly on time based on how busy they were.  Our server was fantastic and attentive.  To Sum up - not a place I would return to.
3	It is a steak chain restaurant, but really overall pretty good. If I'm going out for steak, I'm going to Smoky's, Tornado Club, or Harvest or something like that. But Ruth Chris has been growing on me (slowly). The food is a bit overpriced for its quality. Overall consistently good food with great atmosphere, price:quality ratio is a bit high.
3	It's always nice to go to a fancy dinner when someone else is picking up the tab, right?  A bunch of us decided to take our business dinner allowance to Ruth's Chris, and it was a good meal.  There is a 3-course option for $35 or $39 (can't remember), and I ordered that once.  On my second trip, however, I decided to deviate slightly & get a wedge salad and that evening's special of NY steak and shrimp.  I would compare the wedge salad similar to what you get at Gordon Biersch - blue cheese crumbles, bacon bits and balsamic dressing.  I know some people don't like watery iceberg lettuce, but somehow this combo just works.  What is terrific about your steak being served on those super hot plates is that, and as your cut the steak the juices pool with the melted butter to make a really nice sauce.  Service was very friendly, and they always ask if it's your first time, or if you are celebrating anything special.  I think the food is great, and the only reason I'm rating down slightly is that the prices at Ruth's Chris don't make it an everyday type of place, whereas I'm just as happy at Libra (Culver City, CA) for about half the price.  But, everyone should have a chance to splurge a few times a year and get a nice dinner!
2	I was so looking forward to a night out with my wife. Through living social I purchased a $50 gift card for $25. We made reservations for Saturday night for 6:30 and were seated right away. Our waitress was great, and took our order. We both had filets, hers was medium well and mine was medium. We also ordered garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus.The meal came and I saw that they butterflied my wife's filet, normally that is asked if ok first. I did not say anything and if it's good than fine, but it was one of the worst steaks from any restaurant. Never would I expect it from what I thought was a five star restaurant. My steak was good though. The garlic mashed potatoes were also bad, I mean truck stop quality. The asparagus was as bad, no flavor whatsoever. I don't know if it was because the living social deal or what. One thing is certain, we will never be back.The two stars are because of the wait staff, they were great. The food would get a half star because while my steak was good, everything else was not.When a meal costs $130.00 for two people, I expected so much better.
2	Been to Minneapolis and Chicago Ruth's Chris (wonderful) and somehow Madison/Middleton managed to screw it up. It was my companions birthday so they had the table decorated with glitter which really took away  from the class of the place- Save that for Friday's or Chotchkies. Unfortunately it was not busy so the atmosphere was that of a funeral and since the floor manager had nothing else to do he basically stared at our table from a distance all night.  The server had a thick Eastern European accent which was I was able to understand but most folks would have a terrible time understanding him.  Additionally I found his personality cold.  Within seconds of being seated, our server asked for our drink order but there hadn't been enough time to even open the wine menu so we sent him away.  He did not return for such along time that we were able to pick our wines, apps. and our entrees.  Just as we were about to abort our dinner completely for lack service, he arrived again.  We placed the entire order- that was our mistake.  Clearly he fired everything at once because the wine and apps came at one time and the entrees arrived before our appetizer plates were cleared. What's the hurry?    Food was just ok - no need to go back.   Stick to your local options- Tornado, Harvest, Tempest, Blue Marlin etc.
4	Checked out the Ruth's Chris Steak House this year on New Years Eve. Truthfully this is probably not the best night of the year to try places out. Places are busy and its a bit crazy - but we tried their online reservation tool at the last minute and was surprised to be able to get in. Mind you it was later in the night (9:30 I think) but we could still get in.The place is nice - dress for it. We were greeted at the door and they take your coats. Very short wait to get our table and the atmosphere is wonderful. It should be though - this place is expensive. We knew this going in, but things really added up - and we tip well too, so you should take that into consideration also. Our waitress was probably the low point of the night. Very dry personality and no humor would crack her shell. A bit creepy in fact. It was New Years Eve though so maybe she just was burnt out. We tried the Crab Cake appetizers. Which were good, but probably won't get again for the cost. I got the Filet and my wife got the Ribeye. Both were cooked fantastic and tasted pretty amazing. I wasn't sure I was a huge fan of their super hot plates. I guess  this is one of their 'things' to keep the meat warm the whole time you are eating. It worked, but it also kept cooking my steak. By the time I got to the last 5 bites - it was now overcooked. I guess I should have ate faster!We also got the mushrooms and the asparagus for sides. Way more than two people needed to share. I suggest one for a couple. Couldn't help ourselves either and tried a Whisky Bread Pudding for dessert. WOW - really really good. We joked about just going back to get one of those to go from time to time. Overall, very very very expensive - but very good too.
5	Went here for my birthday last night, and it was fantastic.  The food was amazing.  I love food to an inordinate degree, and this was the top of the line of things I've had.  The crab cake was amazing, the sides delicious, and the whiskey bread pudding was a sensational way to top it all off.  They know how to cook steaks just right and they surround them with fantastic compliments.  The service is also wonderful.  It is up-scale without being stodgy.  Our waitress (Heather) and all the other servers were attentive, helpful, and personable.  There was a snafu with the computer system that night, meaning that credit cards weren't working reliably, and they handled it gracefully and friendly.  We will definitely be coming back here time and again.
4	Very good steaks, cocktails, service, and ambience. They do a good job hiding the fact that you're in a parking lot across from Costco and UPS. My only complaint is the size of the sides for the price. Fleming's is a better value in that regard, but both are pricey. The shrimp cocktail is excellent. For a better deal, buy the Costco gift cards at 80 cents on the dollar and use them here (20 percent savings).
3	Average experience
5	My boyfriend and I went to this restaurant for our anniversary and we weren't really sure what to expect since we kind of just picked a place that sounded fancy and expensive. And indeed, expensive it was...but the food and atmosphere of the place really exceeded our expectations.Upon arrival, we were seated immediately, having previously made a reservation online.The atmosphere of the entire building is very intimate, romantic and classy. Dim-lighting, "the works". We were seated in a back, private area which was nice given our special occasion. My boyfriend and I are both meat lovers, so he ordered the Ribeye and I, the New York Strip. I must admit, this was one of the BEST steaks I have ever had. My steak was rich, succulent, and had JUST the right amount of juice spilling out. My boyfriend was also ecstatic about how great his Ribeye tasted. We, in addition to our entrees, ordered 4 sides 'a la carte' since the menu was explained somewhat confusingly to us, so we just ordered what sounded good (asparagus, mashed potatoes, french fries and stuffed mushrooms). They were all wonderfully prepared and extremely delicious.We were both pleasantly surprised by how many leftovers we had and how full we both were, and we hadn't even eaten all of our entrees and sides. So needless to say, we did not order dessert. (However it was extremely tempting.) Another small, but contributing factor to our experience was unfortunately our noisy neighbors, sitting at the table behind us. There was a group of middle aged couples being extremely noisy, which was completely inappropriate and annoying to everyone else sitting around them, since the ambience was clearly meant to be more hushed and intimate. They would burst out laughing obnoxiously, every 10 minutes and seemed more interested in their wine than their politeness to everyone else around them, trying to enjoy their quiet meals. This ruined the experience somewhat for us, but completely wasn't a deal breaker.Our waiter was very friendly, made us laugh, speedy and polite. What more could you ask for?We weren't surprised by the bill, just because it was a special occasion and we had planned on spending a bit of money, but it was still more than $100 for the two of us, without salads, dessert, wine and tip. But we didn't mind since we thoroughly enjoyed our experience, and we even got to take quite a bit of it back home with us. The only negative I have for this experience was the noisy neighbors, who obviously didn't have any regard for the surrounding tables. Overall a great experience, and I would definitely come back here for a special occasion given the delicious food and great service. Not crazy about the prices, but I can deal.
3	Tonight was our first trip to Ruth's.  We used a Groupon coupon.  We'd never been here before because I knew it was pricey.  I didn't realize just how pricey.  Yikes!  Our drink and appetizer orders were taken promptly.  Another employee came around with a tray with 2 large bottles of water on it.  He asked it we wanted one of these or tap water. He had a strong accent so was a bit tough to understand.  My husband chose a water but luckily I asked how much it was.  For $4.95, we decided we could both be happy with tap water. We started off with the stuffed mushrooms.  They were large and very tasty but we only got 4 for $12.50.  They weren't any better than the ones at Olive Garden or Red Lobster.  My husband had the seared scallops ($28), which he said were excellent.  They were served over a bed of thin sliced zucchini and red peppers which looked wonderful.I had the ribeye ($43, 16oz).  My steak was good but I think it must have had butter on it or something, as it was a bit greasy.  I ordered it medium rare but it was more on the rare side.  Luckily, I didn't mind but my husband, who likes his meat fairly well done, was grossed out.  The ribeye was only a couple bucks more than the 11oz filet & I was able to bring half home for another meal.  I'll probably be glad it was on the rare side when I reheat it.  Altho the steak was good, it wasn't exceptionally better than any other steak I've had, which I expected considering the price.The meal includes a small loaf of fresh hot bread which was light and fluffy on the inside with a nicely crispy crust.  It does NOT include anything else,.  Salads or sides are extra.  The sides are large, so my husband and I shared the au gratin potatoes, which were very good ($8.50).The service was very good and the manager came around to see how things were going.  It was cold in the room we were in but the cold air blowing thru the vents was promptly shut off when another diner made the request.  I had a big complaint about the ambiance as they were playing Xmas music non-stop.  A few tunes here and there would have been fine but not one right after another.  I asked if they could put on some different music but no change was ever made.  We were ready to leave by the time the manager came over, so I didn't bother to mention the music.My husband seemed to be really impressed by the fact there was a TV in the men's room.  Guys never spend much time in the restroom so I found the TV rather funny.Would we go back?  No.  I really didn't feel like we got enuf bang for our buck.  At the prices they're charging for the main courses, a salad and side dish should be included.  The food just wasn't exceptional enough for the prices.
3	A decent steak house...The appetizers were okay. We've had the calamari, which was the standard you'd find at most restaurants. But the mushrooms stuffed with crab meat were delicious. As for the steaks, filets are usually small, but at Ruth's Chris Steak House, they are especially small. The seasoning and spices on the steak weren't all that special either. So, my only experience here was an extremely expensive and unsatisfying dinner.Service, on the other hand, was impeccable. I'll give credit for that.
1	Crab cakes were very fishy...I would not have served them to customers...Service was age & regular biased, if you are under 50 and/or you are not a regular, skip this place...I have been to sullivans, mortons, flemmings and ruth chris' all over the country...most ridiculous experience I have had at any of them over the past 15 years.Not sure how, but this franchise formula is broken at this location...Do yourself a favor, skip the drive to Middleton, and look elsewhere.
4	Home to some of the best steak I've ever tasted, along with some delicious fish, there is no mismatch of price and quality in this restaurant. Save for a delay despite a reservation, everything came out on time perfectly prepared. The sides of spinach and garlic mashed potatoes were heavenly, though I dare not ask for the nutritional information. My biggest qualm is with their bartender: they did not know how to make a Vesper. This would normally not be surprising, but it was on their drink list! Although the subdued lighting makes their dining room perfect for romance or relaxation, I had to use my telephone to read the menu. So if you're reading this, management, add candles or raise the lights! The day I need to splurge on excellent food and wine, I will be right back here.I have eaten here once.
2	My score is solely a reflection of the level of service we have received on several visits to Ruth's Chris - Madison.  I find their steaks to be excellent.  Mine have always been cooked perfectly to the requested temperature and well seasoned.  The sides and salads are great too.I decided to finally write a review after having dinner there last night.  First off, it is restaurant week and they are particpating in it.  However, they place the menu for restaurant week at the very back of the menu where it would be easy to overlook it.  I find that to be borderline shady.  Next, when we told our server, Honey, that we would be dining off of the Restaurant Week menu she turned ice-cold.  It was obvious she was not happy - eye rolls, quick short sentences, and her ability to ignore us as she walked by.  Her attitude throughout the entire meal was poor.  Frankly, she had the personality of a small soap dish.  Finally, the pace of the meal was really rushed.  Appetizer, Steak with side dish, one drink/beer each plus a bottle of wine, and dessert - total time at the table?!?  ONE HOUR.  Our impression of the evening was that Ruth's Chris was trying to churn-and-burn all the Restaurnat week dinners.The food last night was of the same high caliber we have had in the past.  We enjoyed it very much.If a restaurant is going to participate in Restaurant Week they should, in my humble opinion, embrace it rather than discourage it.  If they really don't want the Restaurant Week dinners because meals are discounted, no problem, just don't participate.  Not a big deal.  Several of Madison's finest restaurants do not participate and I don't hold it against them.  The lasting impression from Ruth's Chris - Madison is that they really didn't want us there last night.  OK - we will dine elsewhere from now on.
5	Perfection at the Madison locale.  A humorous and attentive server named Jung made it an enjoyable Saturday evening for a party of four.  My brother, a butcher of 40 years, said it was the best cowboy rib eye steak he had ever had.  I would concour, perfectly cooked to order and excessively large were the norm for the various cuts we ordered.  The house chopped salad was fresh tasting and each component stood out on their own.  The salad is topped with lightly deep fried onions that were crisp and not oily.  The potatoes au gratin were sizzling hot and while excellent, I would have preferred a sharper cheese in them and another minute under the salamader to brown the top, but they were fully cooked and piping hot.  The fresh Brussel sprouts were served in a bacon and honey sauce that was tasty and not over powering.  There was a very large portion of veg, but it let everyone share - even those who would normally turn their nose up at the thought of eating the little cabbages seemed to like them in the preparation presented!   A great dark red Zinfandel ($70) went well with the meal and after dinner drinks with creme brullee completed a leisurely dinner on a very busy Saturday night.  Lots of expediters and others helping the servers, so it was seamless, professional and still one of my favorite places to dine.  The usual extensive wine lists, choices of water and formal dining service.  Have eaten at a number of other of Ruth's locations and am consistently impressed with the high quality, professional service and reasonable pricing for such an evening of entertainment. Entrees and sides are priced separately, which adds up for those afraid to open their wallet, but when you consider that you spend $125 for four hours of entertainment that leaves you sated, it is well worth.  The perfect place for a very special evening out or to celebrate a special event.  Kudos to their fine staff for making a special evening even more special for friends who had never had the chance to sample the cusine at a Ruth's.  Parking is in a private lot.  There is no valet parking and it was difficult to find a spot to park at 6:30 pm.  Handicapp parking is non-existant, but staff were very accommodating to a wheelchair bound diner, an expediter even escorting them to the bathroom and initially to their table.  Easy to maneuver and spacious, despite being very crowded on a Saturday night
5	Last visit was the perfect steakhouse experience. They even took my daughter to the back to see the lobster tank. Thanks for making us feel so welcome, Im back in!
4	One of the best steaks I have had in Madison.
5	Ruth's Chris Steak House is definitely one of those restaurants for special occasions or if someone else is paying the bill :p  I came here (alone) as I was in a completely different state for work.  The hostess and servers were all very friendly and provided prompt service with a smile.  The server took her time to explain any specials and address any questions I had.  I ordered the rib eye and the scalloped potatoes.  I kid you not but the steak was the most delicious I've ever had!  It melted in my mouth and was probably better than the reserve meats I've tried at other places.  The scalloped potatoes were wonderfully cheesy and had a great texture (not to mention it came in a huge serving).  I also had the citrus mojito to go with dinner (which was OK but nothing extra special).  Anyways, this place is all the hype says it is- should definitely try when not on a budget!  I'll be back!
4	This RC has improved a lot. The food is consistently good and the service is much better than in the past. The manager, Lee I believe, has made a real difference. This is now as good of a RC as I have ever been to.
4	Haven't been here in a few years, but will definitely be back soon. Great dining experience, great service. The sweet potato casserole is to die for!
1	A thoroughly underwhelming experience. Before you've had chance to get comfy in your seat the waiter is trying to upsell you on bottled water. Hey Mr. Ruth or Mr. Chris or whoever's in charge here, I'm paying close to $50 for your steak, cut me some slack on the water, okay? It doesn't get much better from there. A ridiculously over-dark dining room sees older patrons using flashlights to read the menu. And then, the steak...  it's barely above grocery-store quality. And even if it was good meat, why smother it in 500-degree butter?  Let the meat speak for itself.  Recently dined at Carsons in Milwaukee and the meat was way way better quality and less expensive. In summary, dinner at Ruths Chris came to: One NY strip, one Ribeye, , one lobster bisque and a shared plate of fries and a drink = $160 with tip. Hard to see why we would ever go back.
3	The food was decent, but I was not blown away. Nice atmosphere. No loud music or tvs. It was cold... and I don't get cold easily. The experience was kind of silly. A little too ceremonious for my taste. The waitress seemed did and scripted. My steak was huge and nicely cooked, but not the most flavorful. I guess I was hoping for more considering what I paid.
3	The food is good, but not great, and for the price there are far better options in the Madison area.My steak was cooked perfectly, but I ordered it Oscar style and the crab meat wasn't that good. We also had the crab stuffed mushrooms and same thing, so I'd stay away from anything with crab in it. The brussel sprouts were a pretty good side.Again, I'm not saying this place is bad, but it's only slightly above average and yet very expensive.
2	My mom and I went to Ruth's Chris on a Friday night two weeks ago for dinner, and arrived at about 7:00pm.  My mom was told by Wendy at the hostess stand that the wait for the dining room would be about 20 minutes, and that if we wanted to eat in the bar, we could be seated immediately.  My mom said we'd wait in the bar for a table in the dining room because I had a migraine and we were told that live music would be starting shortly in the bar area.  After waiting in the bar for nearly an hour, my mom checked in at the hostess stand and asked about our table, and she was told that they thought we were eating in the bar.  Lori came to take us to our table (in the nearly empty dining room) and apologized for the wait.  We asked to speak to the manager, who came over to talk to us a few moments later.  He apologized as well and offered to bring us an appetizer, but at that point, we were just ready for dinner, so he offered to buy us a round of drinks.  Our server arrived shortly, and she was fantastic.  She told us that they would be buying us a round of drinks and took our order quickly.  Our food arrived shortly after, and the food was delicious, as it always is, and the service once we were in the dining room was great.  Once the bill arrived, however, it was clear that the round of drinks we were promised was not taken off of the bill.  We have eaten at Ruth's Chris many times and have always enjoyed the food, and have never been disappointed by the service before this time.  Unfortunately it will be a long time before we go back to the Middleton Ruth's Chris.
4	Amazing food, but there meal portions are somewhat small... I love their sweet potato casserole! It's so yummy, it's like a dessert!
3	Atmosphere was lovely. Our bartender was friendly, kind & competent. Made me a fantastic Martini. Our server Carlos was nice, however he spoke very quietly and was asked numerous times to speak up, he acted like part of their act is to speak gently. I had the spinach salad with hot bacon dressing and almond crusted walleye. I was not impressed with the salad, the dressing and salad were ice cold. The walleye was fantastic. My husband had the fillet, good but not worth the marked up price. My second martini was awful, so apparently there is no consistency, not good. On the menu you are asked to put away your cell phones, which I appreciate. However they do not enforce this request. A table, two over, was clicking away photos, I got shined in the eye twice by the bright cell phone flash. The wait staff never asked them to put their phones away.  Finally as we left there was a women whom was opening the door for customers, appeared to be drunk and was quite obnoxious. We will not return.
4	We have come here twice in the past for two family events, and we were never let down. 4 stars for a lack of communication, the last time we came we were waiting for 20 minutes while our table was ready, since after we "signed in", no one bothered to call us.all the rest was awesome!
5	The service is always excellent and friendly. Even if there is an issue that arises, all are quick to offer solutions and go above and beyond to try and make up for it. I've tried a few different steaks at different cook times, and it's usually spot-on. The stuffed chicken breast is a deliciously decadent option. Portion sizes are huge, so order accordingly. The lobster Mac 'N cheese is phenomenal. Do what you can to save room for dessert. The bread pudding (ask for sweet cream sauce!) and Apple crumb tart always hit the spot.
5	We are regulars here and absolutely love the place!  Food is always awesome - one time I had the fish special and didn't love it - they immediately took it back and gave me one of my favorite items from the regular menu.  The service is great and the wine list is exceptional.  I don't even eat red meat, but love the crabcakes, walleye and the hashbrowns.  This is the best restaurant on the west side of Madison/Middleton.
3	The reason I am only rating this place a three is not because of the food but the service. My boyfriend and I came here for a romantic New Years Eve dinner. This place is definitely romantic and the lighting and environment was perfect. I was super excited because this was our first New Years Eve diner together. We were asked if we wanted to check in our coats and I said "sure, why not?!". Fast forward to when we got our food. It was good! I had the walleye and my partner in crime ordered his steak. Perfectly seasoned. I ate my whole plate while he couldn't finish his. During our whole time of dining, our waitress did not refill our drinks at all. She walked past us a couple of times and didn't even notice. We finally got a refill when we were about to leave which was pointless. We proceeded to go get our coats. My boyfriend hands the lady our coat tag. She comes back with one coat. Hm?! Well, where is mine?! Oh. It got lost. I spent 15 min with one of their employees trying to find my coat in a closet that didn't even have a light bulb. The lady had to hold a tiny flashlight so she can dig and find my coat. The whole entire time she kept apologizing which was nice, but at the 5 min mark I was starting to get irritated. How can you lose a coat?! It took three people to find my coat and by the 15 minute mark, I was pissed! One of the employees finally found my it. I grabbed my coat from him, found my boyfriend in the lobby and said "LET'S GO!"I left there with such a bad feeling. Don't think I will go back.
