4	I'm nowhere near the knitter you have to be to take full advantage of this place, but these are my impressions:1) It's tiny and cramped and there's yarn everywhere.  There was a misbehaving little boy in there when I was there, and that made getting to some things a nightmare.  Also the staff were a little cranky because of him.2) The stock tends towards finer yarns.  I, a cheap-Michaels-yarn aficionada, found that there was actually very little I wanted to buy.  I like yarns that are bulkier without being difficult to knit and/or having pompoms on them.  I also was shopping for my brother and felt like at least 5/6 of the stock was way feminine for him.  Soft yarns in black, dark grey, and anything patterned that didn't look like either Lisa Frank or vomit were either out of stock or just not really in the repertoire.3) It's a little overwhelming.  I'm positive I could have asked for help, and those folks seem like they live for knitting and crocheting, but I didn't really know what I wanted and didn't want to subject someone to my indecision. 4) This is an experience to share with a friend on a weekday, when you could maybe stand next to each other in the aisle without being slide-tackled by a cranky 6-year-old.5) If you're looking for help with a project, fancy-schmancy yarns, lots of colors, and a ton of suggestions, this is the place to go.  They also give lessons.If most of my points sound rather negative, that's because those were just the sticking points.  It was otherwise quite good, and I would imagine that, should I ever reach the skill level or income level to warrant using yarns like those, this place would be pivotal in my knitting-related life choices.
1	Nice, well stocked store.  The owner is horrible, grouchy, never smiles, unfriendly.  Not a pleasant experience.  Will not go back again.  Owner treats customers like s--t.
4	Just down the street from the Atwater Market, Mouline is a tiny shop simply overflowing with yarn. I can imagine that the effect - warm woody tones with color and texture emerging from every nook and cranny - might be unsettling to some, but to me, it felt like home. The shop carries some lovely yarns - Malabrigo and Handmaiden, to name those that stuck with me, but does suffer from a bit of disorganization. And, I was somewhat put off by the signs asking me not to touch some of the yarns. Yes, I know that they are just itching to cascade down in a yarny avalanche (of $10/skein balls), but I can be gentle, and I'd just like to touch!The woman working behind the counter did seem a bit standoffish. I was surprised, as we were the only customers there for most of our visit. In the end, I resisted the temptation to take home some Malabrigo sock yarn, and left disappointingly empty-handed.But, the experience was a lovely one; they have beautiful yarns.
5	Tons of various yarns to choose from, the owner has won many awards for her knit designs, some of which were featured in Vogue knits. She also runs knitting classes & workshops and will gladly advise you on your progects. I bought a flock kit (bulky wool & floss for THICK mittens), and she warned me about dividing the floss properly so as to avoid a a mitten resembling a boxing glove and a regular mitten. Lots of knitting needles, crochet hooks, various knitting accessories, one can find just about anything. Since the owner moved here from Notre Dame St., there is more space, light,and it's easier to find things. Yarns range from bulky casual to beautiful baby alpaca, and cashmeres, in neutrals only. The prices are not cheap, but quality yarns never were.
2	Great store with beautiful although quite expensive yarns and all the knitting/crocheting paraphernalia your heart can desire. Helpful staff even though some can seemed standofish at once. Got great knitting lessons given by a very experienced very generous teacher : Annick. The owner is frankly and overtly unpleasant with customers and most importantly with his staff : he comes across as rude and bullying with them. He does seem to have found a confortable niche for himself and knows it too well. Not a business I would wish to encourage if I can help it...
