4	Domestic Violence is America's ugly little secret- noone wants to talk about it, noone wants to get involved, and it ends up on the news, often ending in a tragedy (death- murder/suicide). The statistics are frightening- many women in this country end up victims of this terrible epidemic. This is something that happens across all socio-economic levels. Remember that dethroned judge (six figure income) who got attacked by her husband, not too long ago?This is an organization that helps victims of Domestic Violence. I came here for counseling after getting attacked by a boyfriend's teenager, who had ADHD (diagnosed) among other problems. Prior to that, I was in an abusive (verbal and physical) marriage to a man who was very controlling and angry- it was a roller coaster, the public outbursts were embarrassing and noone offered to help, nor would any of his friends intervene. Counseling is available at a low-cost- at the time (this was seven years ago), it was $5.00 per session. There is one-on-one counseling as well as group counseling. Both are good ways to get help. I could be more open during a one-on-one consult than with the group sessions (about 10-20 in the group). After hearing other people's experiences, I also didn't feel as if my situation was as bad- if there was a scale for that. It was also validating to hear other people's similar stories. There is no "Blaming the Victim" here, which is rampant amongst those who do not understand and cannot empathize. (You see this BTV outlook in magazine articles or tv news stories, and you can hear judgement in people's reactions- they don't understand; it's not something one can fathom unless one has been in those shoes. I truly believe this.) Counseling was very helpful- I went for about seven months. I learned that abuse is abuse. Women deserve better. Life is too short to stay in a relationship that might be a health threat to you and/or kids- and clearly I am speaking from experience, a Victor, no longer a Victim. It breaks my heart seeing other women going through this- I know what it feels like, survived it, and I'm ok now- a stronger and confident woman. I'm not saying that if you go here, all your problems are solved, I'm stating that this is a good place to go to for help (important community resource) in terms of domestic violence abuse. Maybe you know someone who needs help- your mother, your aunt, your sister, your cousin, your friend- you can refer this organization to her. If we all can help break this cycle, it would mean so many lives would be affected, for the better. It was a little awkward seeing the court-appointed Domestic Batterers in the semi-separate waiting room- there's a men's counseling group, too. The building is a little older (older strip mall setting with other offices and organizations, Boy Scouts) with a weird parking lot (one way). There are pamphlets on different subjects in the lobby/waiting room. The sign-in sheet is on the desk. You pay the person at the front desk and get a receipt. After the one-on-one session, you set appointments with your counselor (mostly female). Around the back of the building (outside) is a donation box. I've been donating faithfully ever since- the group always needs women's clothing and shoes, toiletries (bath wash, sanitary pads/tampons), children's clothing, and diapers. I also regularly donate to Savers Thrift Department Stores (when I go through my closet several times a year), which also helps this organization. A donation means so much. Why not put this unused stuff to good use? And it helps clear the clutter in your house. There are other locations to drop off your donations, like the one at Jones & Sahara.I am not sure about what else the organization offers- I didn't need shelter, I had family members to help me. I know that there is a hotline- I saw the number in so many doctor offices in previous years.
5	The other review explained the counseling services, so I will describe some of the other services they offer.  Safe Nest is the only 24 hour shelter service in Las Vegas.  This means that if you and your family are accepted for shelter services, you can stay there all day.  The other shelters in Las Vegas have residents leave in the morning and are not allowed to return until the evening.The shelter locations are confidential around town.  Your abuser will not know where you are staying.  There is transportation to the shelter and to court appearance.  The goal of the shelter is to make you safe and help you to take steps to reestablish your life.  Be a part of your house community.  Steps to becoming finanially independent.  The goal when you move out is that you are moving up and on with your life.Safe Nest also offers 24 E-TPO services.  This helps you get the abuser served with a TPO-temporary protective order while he/she is still in jail.  There is a 24 hour hotline to help with emergency services.  Don't be afraid because you have no one.  You are not alone.  With our current economy, nonprofit organizations are in desperate need of funds to maintain service levels.  Safe Nest accepts clothing donations, car donations, household goods, and money.  You can designate that the clothes or baby items go specifically to the shelter or to be sold at Savers, which raise money to fund all services.  You can also voluntary to provide assistance, or do what I did and volunteer for the Board of Directors so we can help the organization to raise money to keep doing all of their wonderful work.
1	First let me say, that this review is not a comment on the merits of the organization Safe Nest and the good work they do, as the other reviews have been. They definitely provide a needed service, there is no excuse for domestic violenceThis review is on their management or lack thereof, collecting donations.They call on the phone and solicit donations. When you commit to make a donation, they followup with a confirmation call the night before the pickup, so far so good. I boxed up the items, things I don't think they would have a problem selling. A meat/food grinder that had only been used once, a couple of satellite receivers, cordless phones, answering machine, etc.. I set the box out at 5 in the morning, clearly marked for Safe Nest, when I got home from work, the box was still sitting there. I made two phone calls on two consecutive days to try and reschedule a pickup, neither phone call was returned. I went to their website and sent an email, again to try and get the pickup rescheduled, no response to the email.Any organization that shows this lack respect and disregard toward it's benefactors, apparently do not need or deserve the donations offered them. There are many charities in Las Vegas, that do good work, that need donations. I will find one that shows a modicum of respect and consideration for the people donating to them.
1	Safe nest itself is good for the people they help.  The problem is if you make a donation they schedule a pick up then they confirm the day before the pick up.  They tell you it could be anytime of the day so you have to stay there the entire day.  In our case they never showed up.  We left a message with them and they don't even have the courtesy to call and apologize.  I threw the stuff away and would never offer them another donation.  I did not know that people in need are just people that don't appreciate any offer for help.
1	Safe Nest has a huge problem with their donation pick ups. I called to donate brand new stuffed animals, bookshelf, couch, chairs and other misc things. I was told I would have to wait 10 days before a truck would be in my area.  I waited with all of the donations sitting in the entry way of my house.  The night before the pick up I received a call telling me they would not be picking up the stuff, maybe next week.  We are in the process of getting our house ready to sell. We don't have that much time to mess around with this. Will donate somewhere else.
1	I appreciate the mission and activities of Safe Nest.However, I feel they need to reassess their donation pick-up policies.  I called with a substantial donation of women's clothing, books, cds, and small household items.  I was given a specific day and date for pick-up and agreed to have the items ready - in the driveway - by 7 am.  I understood that the pick-up could occur anytime between 7 am and 75 pm.The day before the pick-up I received a voice mail message that I was scheduled for the pick-up and needed to call asap if I needed to change the date or cancel.At 6:45 i placed 5 boxes and 8 large bags of clothing and household items in the drive and covered them with a tarp because it was raining.  There was a huge sign - "SAFE NEST" - displayed so the driver could not miss the donation.  All day we waited and at 4:30 pm I called Safe Nest donation number to inquire whether the pick-up would occur.  Rather rudely I was told (1) the drivers could not be reached because they did not have a cell phone and (2) the agreement was from 7 am to 5 pm so I had to wait to determine if the pick-up would occur.At 5:15 I brought in the items, some rather wet from the rain, and filled the only empty space in the garage.  It is now the day after the scheduled pick-up and no call from Safe Nest to reschedule nor to apologize for not letting me know there would be no pick-up.  I feel for the women in need of a safe place.  I feel for the children who also need somewhere to call home.  I feel the system is greatly flawed by policies that seem out-dated.  Drivers without a cell phone?  Unable to determine if a schedule pick-up - scheduled by Safe Nest, not me - would occur?If my business was run like this, I would be out of business yesterday.
