2	For $4.99 you can get a large bowl of Pho Tai but the bowl of soup noodles are nothing special. There was a sparse amount of meat and it was not particularly tender nor the broth flavorful.The service was typically aloof for an Asian restaurant. The funniest part is that on each table, there is a plastic placard with 4 or 5 small buttons at the base. Reading the card, it says that Pho Huong Saigon takes pride in its service and has installed this system to maintain their high level of service.Ideally, with the press of a button, you can get attention from your waiter for a refill or the check. "No more snapping your fingers to get the waiter's attention..."WTF? This thing acknowledges people who snap their fingers at waiters!And if your dining establishment were so service-oriented, no one should even have to *think* about asking for a refill or the bill. The waiter would bring it or check in with you periodically to see if you needed anything.But... what the hell. I figured I'm here so I'll play.I pushed the button for a refill.I pushed it again.Damn.... I think my plasic thingie is broken because I can see my waiter at the other side of the restaurant slurping up his own bowl of noodles.I wave my hand in his general direction. I even consider snapping ;)But, instead I went up to the cash register, asked for refill, and asked for my bill. The waiter overheard and got up immediately and said he'd bring it to us.Sigh.The hostess was the one shining star.She was a petite Asian woman with a TON of makeup, gold lame leggings and a glitzy shirt. I was waiting for her to say, "Me love you long time." Frankly, I think she might be management or the owner. Too bad her employees aren't as snazzy or interesting.Too bad the food wasn't very good.The other positive is that the experience was super cheap... and the restaurant seemed relatively clean. I'd only come here again to see the hostess because she was such a character.
1	Saw the ad on Spring Mtn saying $3.99 Pho.  We say "What the hell, it can't be THAT bad!" Boy were we wrong!!  Nasty Pho, not enough meat, bad broth!  Spring rolls were nasty and service lacked.  We should've known it was a bad place when the restaurant was empty at 5pm.  Off the beaten path so don't go looking for this place. Avoid at all costs!
4	I really like this Pho place.  I think that the food is good and the price isn't bad.  For a Pho addict, this is the place to go, because they cost HALF what other places are charging.  Also, they have pot stickers and spring rolls and you can get things to go if you want.  I've noticed the service can be so-so when it's busy, but they do keep an eye on you.  Try it!
4	Contrary to many reviews, I do find the food at this place quite nice. The pho is as normal as many other pho restaurants. I had the large pho and it was a fairly large portion. Came with the standard basil, sprouts, lime. The soup was fine. The chilli was like any other pho restaurant. I also ordered the fried spring roll. It was one of the better viet spring rolls I have had. It is really authentic with real ingredients, not fillers. Served with Veg and mint leaves. In fact the first time I drove past, the place actually looked pricey to me. Service isnt exactly warm but its fine. For the price and the standard of the food, I will go back.
4	I've been here a few times.  The food is decent and cheap as well.  I've gone here sporadically during my two years in Vegas, and the 4.99 for the large bowl of pho is a good value if you were looking for it.  Although they cut you short on the green leafy mints/leaves that come on the side.The service here is pretty good compared to other Pho places, because they don't have that much traffic, although it is due to the location of the business.  If you are going north towards spring mountain, it is easy to access.  However if you are going south and away from spring mountain, it may be a very difficult left turn due to traffic the opposite way because there is no stop light and during heavy congestion, it may take awhile due to the lack of courtesy of Las Vegas drivers.If you are looking for value or bang for the buck, I'd recommend this place, although if the price doesn't matter, there are other places with better food.
1	I thought this place looked good from the outside. I love hole in the wall restraurants, but this place sucks. It is really cheep, but you pay for what you get.the broth in the pho wasnt bad, but maybe because it was just water and powder i think....I think this place probably used to be much better and then the economy crashed and they just stopped caring about the food.service wasn't good, food wasnt good. bleh. i hate to leave bad ratings but i gotta do it for this one.
2	I was so appalled by the service here that I actually made a Yelp account to share my experience.My family and I were in the mood for pho and this was the first place that we came across. We were curious as to why there were no customers at all but we assumed that at 9pm on a Saturday night on Labor Day weekend everyone was at the Las Vegas strip.I'll admit we were all happy when we picked up our menus and took a look at the prices. $3.99 for a small bowl and $4.99 for a big bowl? It was like a pho lover's dream come true!I got the uncomfortable feeling when our waittress came to take our order. My mom asked her how big the small bowl and instead of giving her a straight answer, the waittress just said, "Small bowl for babies; big bowl for adults." We asked her repeatedly to describe the bowl to us but she just repeated to us: "Small bowl for babies; big bowl for adults." Since she didn't give us a straight answer we all ordered a big bowl.My sister wasn't hungry so when the waittress asked her for her order she just said to her, "It's okay, I'm not going to eat." (Well, in reality, if she got hungry I was willing to share with her.) The waittress responded by saying, "Do you want an appetizer?" My sister repeated to her, "No, I'm not hungry." Again, the waittress tried again, "You can get an appetizer it's not a lot. You can even share with your family." After being harrassed a few more times I finally raised my voice, "No, she's not hungry. She doesn't want anything." After one more try the waittress finally gave up and turned in our orders.When we got our pho I was shocked at size of the bowl. I would have to say that an adult-sized bowl is a little bigger than what a regular bowl is. I was mad at the fact that the waittress somewhat "lied" to us. My sister eventually ordered a small bowl of what I had (haha) and her bowl was the size of what we were expecting a large bowl to be: a regular bowl. I believe the woman tried to cheat us out an extra dollar per bowl. At other pho restaurants I've been to, to upgrade a bowl from a regular to large is usually $0.50. (I'm not really complaining though, $4.99 for a large bowl is extremely cheap.)The pho was okay. I can't really remember much about it because I ate this almost a week ago so I can't recall much. I do remember saying to myself that I've had better pho, but it's not the worst I've ever had.When we finished our pho I had left over pho that I wanted to take-out so we asked my sister to pay the bill and get a take-out box. My sister approached the cashier and here's how the convo went:Sister: Hi, I would like to pay for the food and get take-out for the pho [points to our table]Waittress: Okay [looks at receipt] which would you like to take out?Sister: [pointing towards the table] the #19 largeWaittress: Okay, we'll give it to youMy sister sat down and when I questioned her where the take-out container she realized that she forgot it. I went back with her to get it:Me: Excuse me, we order take-out for the #19 [points to table]Waittress: Yeah, we're getting it just wait a little bitI was a little big confused as to why it would take so long to get a take-out container. The woman didn't give us a receipt but when we reviewed over our change we realized we were short about $6.00. At that moment the woman came to us with some take-out pho which is NOT what we wanted.We told the woman that we didn't want the pho and she repeatedly said, "No, you ordered it remember?" My sister was extremely angry. She didn't like how the woman took her as a stupid customer and that she was wrong. My sister replied back to her, "No. I DIDN'T order this. I asked to take out the food we have." The woman kept repeating back to her that she was wrong and that she ordered the pho. After a few comments, the waittress laughed it off and said, "Ohh! I thought you meant blah blah blah." Her mistake did not humor us at all. I had to step in myself and say, "No, we don't want this pho. We did not order this so we should not take it." After about a few minutes of arguing I finally said in a stern voice, "We'll just take it. We're NEVER coming back here." So we walked away with our pho and an extra large #19I can understand that there was a misunderstanding, the waittress believed my sister ordered a new batch of pho when in reality my sister was trying to take-out pho we already bought. I was really horrified at the fact that she would tell a customer that she was wrong and not even give her a refund. It's like forcing a customer to pay for something they did not want. (Actually, it's EXACTLY that.)I would give this place 1 star for trying to cheat us out money. But, I'll admit the pho wasn't that bad and the woman was at least nice and I give her props for not yelling at us.My advice: Go here for the cheap pho, but stand your ground and make sure they don't cheat you out of your money.
4	I admit that I haven't patronized that many Vietnamese restaurants, but this one is comparable to the ones which I HAVE been.  The prices were reasonable, and the servings were large.  I do admit that on a Saturday night, it was rather empty, but so was the rest of Vegas at this time.  The service was really good, if not a bit over eager for our order.  I'd come back again.
4	I love this place for three reasons:1. The first time I went in, I tried to order a small bowl of pho, and the lady told me "You get large, small is for girls."  2. The large bowl of pho turned out to be $5.20 after tax.  Cheapest pho in town and consistently pretty good to boot.3. The half-dozen or so times I've eaten here, there's never been more than one other party in the restaurant.  I keep coming back to this place because it feels like the underdog of Vietnamese restaurants in Las Vegas. I don't know how they manage to survive because the place always seems like it barely has anybody in it, but here's hoping they keep it up.
1	soo basically, my friend saw a sign that said 3.99 pho so we decided to eat there. We were suppose to go to another pho, but decided to save some money and try this place out.We walk into the restaurant and it's DEAD. There are two boys who look bored out of their MIND. One of the boys walk up and seats us, he gets the menu and just sets it on the table without asking if we would like anything to drink. He looked like he was 12! I ordered the small bowl of pho with brisket.($3.99) and eggrollsMy friends ordered the Large Pho with rare steak.I did not like the pho at all. It seemed so bland and gross. I just ate it because I was super hungry. The eggrolls only came with lettuce. WTH? When you order eggrolls, it's suppose to come with cilantro, sliced carrots, and the white sliced veggie right?? Totally blew my mind when I asked the waiter if they had that and he said NO. UGH! The hoison sauce was soo watery it seemed like they added water into to save money!When I go to Vegas again, I'm NOT going back to this place.
1	This is an extremely late review because I never had the time to finish it (roughly 4.5 months late).  I'll start by saying, "WOW."  "WOW, what a seriously REVOLTING, NASTY, DISGUSTING, and UNSANITARY place this is." I honestly do not understand how the public can tolerate such a dirty place, and sit down, and eat here without complaining at least once. But, then again, I know why. It's their name, Saigon Fragrance (in English that is). This place gets a straight out F-  I grade Vietnamese restaurants based on these criteria: 1) cleanliness, 2) freshness/ smell, 3) taste/ appearance, 4) temperature, 5) atmosphere, 6) egg rolls/ spring rolls (the most basic item ever offered), 7) smell of the soup, 8) portion size, 9) pickled veggies, and 10) staff.  There is no order of how I follow this list, but I usually end up in this order.My family and I agreed to have Christmas (12/25) lunch at a Vietnamese restaurant. We were all enticed by the beautiful name of the place, or so my dad says (he speaks Vietnamese btw) and by the cutely painted holiday decor.  Anyway, my dad orders his noodle soup and the egg rolls.  My brother has the #51 (charbroiled pork chop and rice) and I get the #53 (charbroiled pork chop, gelatinized pork skin, and rice), and my mom and granny orders the house special which is a combination of chicken and some sort of fried triangles of unknown substance. Regarding my #53, such a dish contains a piece of baked egg casserole, something that I always look forward too.4 plastic cups of ice water reach our table of 5 and the tea reaches us 20 minutes into the service. It was not hot at all, there was no steam. Strike 1. The egg rolls came next. The color on the egg rolls were golden brown and came piping hot, which was good, but the portion was very small for the price. In better Viet restaurants, pickled veggies is served with the egg rolls, but this place didn't. The lettuce on the plate had some weird wilting color to it. The first bite into the egg roll was crunchy, very delightful I must add, but the taste was just not good. It tasted like frozen egg rolls served at Chinese. Strike 2.  Egg rolls are very basic, how can a Viet restaurant mess it up? Then my dad's noodle soup comes, it's a fairly large bowl (side note: we EAT a lot of noodle soups).  The first thing he does with his bowl of noodle soup is that he SMELLS it, odd isn't it?  But, in all honesty, that's how you can tell if it's good or not, the aroma, the "fragrance."  The ratio of noodle to soup to ingredients is way off, noodles were about 35%, ingredients 4%, and the rest was soup.  This was the noodle soup that the restaurant advertised for $3.99, but my dad upgraded it for $4.99.  So I suppose it's reasonably priced for such a crappy bowl of noodles.Next are the pork chop dishes. The meats have been dyed red and were extremely paper-thin.  My brother's plate got 2 pork chop pieces, each were the size of a man's wallet.  That's pretty small.  Now my plate originally came with a fried egg and 2 pork chops and no pork skin.  When we ordered my plate, my dad specifically told the owner "baked egg", she said ok but it was extra, which was fine with us, but now I still had to send it back for the "baked egg" and the pork skin.  She took one pork chop off my plate and added a small scoop of the pork skin and gave it back.  What the HECK is up with that? Then we asked how come it's a fried egg, she said they don't make that.Then my mom and granny tried the house special.  The chicken was also dyed red. Why? I don't freakin' know. There were also 4 fried triangles of something on the plate. As my granny ate it, she found a hair (refer to picture). Now, keep this in mind, posted outside this restaurant is an "A" rating from the health department...This strand of hair was not from any of us, as it was encased by the fried coating. What an unsanitary sight. Then I started to notice the un-mopped stained floors and unsanitary practices of cleaning up tables and serving foods with the same unwashed hands. Even the potties didn't have toilet paper, seat covers, or paper towels.  At this point, I'm on the edge of my seat to squirm. The son comes over and asks us if we wanted the check, even though we had asked many times. He hands it over and the bill was nearly $40 for 4 gross dishes. I hand him the hairy fried substance and I tell him loud and clear that this is gross (loud and clear for the tables behind us to hear lol). He turns around and makes a "eww" reaction. I found that funny. Anyway, he deducts $10 and that was that.If you are the restaurant owner's son or whoever you were, let me ask you this, do you eat this crappy food too? If so, I'm sorries. If not, who are you trying to deceive? So CONGRATULATIONS, you've been awarded the "Grossest Vietnamese Restaurant" in the Las Vegas area. Have A Great Day!
5	If your looking for great atmosphere and service this is not the place to go, but if you want great Vietnamese food than I highly recommend it. My husband and I lived in Las Vegas for a year and we went here once a week and would order two small Pho's and an order of Spring Rolls or Pot stickers.  Our total bill would be $12 and their food is excellent.   The lady that is always there that could be the owner doesn't speak great English and she comes off a little rude, but once you get to know her she is great.  Their service isn't the best, but you never have to wait long for your food and it's always fresh.  I have tried Pho at many different places in Vegas and this was by far my favorite.  I highly recommend and love Pho Huong Saigon.
3	For $4 a pop, and mediocre tasting pho, I can't really complain. I've paid $10 for pho that doesn't even taste like pho. At least the delicious powders that they use make it almost taste like the real thing, and the extra boost of MSG makes you forget a) the extra dinginess of the restaurant (the dirtier the pho place, the better the pho) and b) that the soup you just devoured was made out of special powders with a side of meat thrown in.The only qualm I have about this place is that it's not open late nor 24/7 because pho like this would taste SPECTACULAR if you were trying to sober up.Should you go out of your way for it? No, I wouldn't think so, but if you just happen to be on Decatur going south of Spring Mountain, might as well pop in because hey, it is only $4.
1	If I could give negative stars, I think I actually would in this case. Our experience was THAT bad. I was in Las Vegas with my husband and family and we were craving some pho. We happened upon this place and we thought how bad could it be? People can't really mess up pho THAT bad. Boy, were we wrong. It was bad right from the start, the restaurant smelled funny, like a family of wet dogs decided to take up shelter there. The service was horrible and when the waitress finally came by to take our order, she was extremely pushy, basically forcing us to order an appetizer even though we didn't really want to. We ended up getting the sticky rice with roasted chicken, which was okay, but we had felt extremely pressured to order it. The waitress then had the gall to come back and tell us that we should order another appetizer and proceeded to almost place the order for us, until we had to almost scream no, and say that we just want our entrees. I ordered the vermicelli noodles with roasted pork and an egg roll. This is a staple dish for me at Vietnamese restaurants, and I have never been so sorely disappointed. First, it took FOREVER for the them to bring us our entrees (and it's not like they were busy, there were about three tables that night), and when they did I almost wished they hadn't. The noodles were hard. The pork was tough, poorly seasoned and looked like the leftovers from someone else's meal. The egg roll was the only halfway decent thing in the bowl, and it was tiny. I could barely finish 1/4 of the bowl, and it wasn't because I was full. It wasn't even cheap. I know other reviews have said this place is a cheap eat. That was not my experience. My vermicelli noodles were $8, and it is usually $5-$6 at other restaurants. I wouldn't mind paying a couple bucks more if it were good. Or even halfway decent. But it was absolutely appalling. We finally left the place disappointed, disgusted and hungry. I hope I can save the rest of you from this place. Run away immediately.
1	I went here with my family around Christmas because pho #1 was crowded and i've been regretting this decision ever since.  The place is dirty, with 2 lights working.  There were tables full of dirty dishes. After being rushed to order quickly, we waited for more than 30 minutes to get our non existing foods and drinks.  The service was so bad that my uncle had to get the drinks himself from the kitchen.  Even then we didn't get anything to drink until we finished our meal.  And what a meal it was, the pho was cold, little (although we should have realized that from the 3.99 price tag; however, it was no excuse for serving cold pho).  If you are in the las vegas area, avoid this place at all cost, the cheap price tag really doesn't make up for the disappointment that comes after you leave the restaurant having not tasting any food AT ALL!! if I could give this a negative star I would.
2	I was torn about Yelping my experience at Pho Huong Saigon since I am very inexperienced with Vietnamese cuisine.  I didn't want to speak on something I had no knowledge of.  I do however know what a good dining experience is, and this wasn't one of them.I walked into a dingy, empty room during lunch to be ignored by the waiter who couldn't have been older than 14.  I ordered the egg rolls and a small bowl of Pho with well-done beef.  Normally I would never beef well done but I didn't want to take any chances here.The egg rolls were average at best.  They were served with a clear sauce, which I think was a fish sauce.The pho was more like a drink than a meal.  The broth was fine, as long as you love you MSG, but the veggies and meat were not good.  I tried everything in the bowl, and really nothing had much flavor besides the broth.  I don't know what good pho is, but I can't imagine this was it.
1	Avoid this place like a plague. Avoid it like you would avoid dark alleys, like a fat kid avoids a treadmill, like a Palestinian avoids an Israeli, like an alcoholic avoids AA, like Lindsey Lohan avoids rehab, like hipsters avoid anything mainstream.First of all food IS NOT SUPPOSE TO HAVE A HEAVY AMMONIA SCENT!! I ordered a Com Tam Dac Biet or Combination Broken Rice. First they didnt have any broken rice and asked to sub it for regular rice. Sure no problem. The dish came and looked mighty pathetic for 7.95. Pathetic as in the salad and the scoop of rice dominated the majority of the plate.Tried the fish sauce first, wasnt made too well. Proper fish sauce for a dish like this involves diluting the fish sauce with lime juice or vinegar, some water, and adding flavor with garlic and chilis. This tasted like fish sauce with water.Tried the rice next, a little too much water was used but no biggie.Tried the bi (julienned pork and pork skinned with powdered brown rice) next. Okay proper bi, prepared home style with proper techniques and cooked to perfection, SHOULD NOT HAVE A HEAVY AMMONIA SCENT TO IT!I called over the woman who took our order and seemed to take the role of both cashier, server, and bus person over and informed her and had her smell the damn plate. When i took a whiff my nostrils burnt due to the scent, when my buddy took a whiff his nostrils burnt and he gagged. When she took a scent she said it was normal. WHAT THE HELL KIND OF NORMAL IS IT WHEN  YOUR FOOD SMELLS LIKE A CLEANING PRODUCT THAT IS HAZARDOUS FOR HUMAN CONSUMPTION?!She sensed i wasnt too happy and attempted to rectify the situation. Now pay attention everyone because this IS NOT the way you rectify a situation. She grabbed an empty bowl and infront of me scraped off the bi and asked if that was satisfactory...If a customer calls you over and tells you something's wrong with your food, it may be just MAY BE something wrong with your damn food and you should look into it instead of act like your customer is a frakking idiot. Men's room is absolutely heinous. You think sticky floors in movie theaters are bad...this place makes you want to eat off those movie theater floors. Garbage bin was overflowing with paper...toilet paper to be exact. Why is the garbage bin overflowing with toilet paper? Because the paper towel dispenser didnt have a roll of paper towels IT HAD A ROLL OF TOILET PAPER.I wouldnt wish this place among the worse of my enemies. If I saw Saddam Hussein and Osama Bin Laden walk into this place I would tell them to go somewhere else because not even America's most hated enemies dont deserve the crap this place serves.
1	Oh god, it's time for the a$$hole in me to come out again.......as unfortunate as it may be, it is nonetheless required. If I could rate this place less than one star then I would, I would gladly oblige this restaurant with negative 1000xxxxxx.... freaking stars.Not once in my life have I actually had to walk out of a restaurant in disgust before finishing my meal. This is the worst restaurant I have ever been to in terms of service, food, cleanliness and everything above. You can be damn sure I will never set foot in this place again unless you give me 5000 rounds of 7.62 caliber ammo and a machine gun so I can rip this place apart and blow it sky high.Service - I've had better service from a broken vending machine, it at least gave me back my money. The owner (female type) needs a long lesson on how to give proper customer service, or be slapped several times across her freaking face. As my friend and I arrived and sat down, she came by the table completely blind siding me from the left and just dropped the menus on the table. Before I could even see who it actually was she was already walking back.Moreover she didn't seem to care that we were there, even though it was only us and another table which was already done eating (technically leaving us the only customers in the entire restaurant). She seemed to care more about her stupid son and what kind of fu*king phone he wanted to get. If it were up to me I would taken a toy barbie cellphone, tied it to a big a$$ rock and thrown it at their table.Food - Oh lord........the portion was pathetic. The pork chop looked like it came from a anorexic pig, had no taste. The fried shrimp paste looked like some cheap a$$ fried tofu, I couldn't taste the shrimp AT ALL, it was like eating a waffer. As for the "bi" (julienned pork and pork skinned with powdered brown rice) it was horrifying. It wasn't until my friend pointed it out that I had realized what I just ate. It turned out that the "bi" had a strong scent of ammonia, yes, AMMONIA, wtf?! I had already put the fish sauce on my dish, therefore I couldn't smell it on mine. I'm like a garbage disposal, if you put food in front of me it will be gone, my friend was smart enough to examine first.Once we realized this we called over the owner to clarify the situation, and she pretty much denied it saying that it was a normal smell. Then she offered to scoop out the "bi" by taking my friends chopsticks and taking out the remaining portion. She then asked him if that was ok? Like really?!?!?! That's all you can do you dumb bit*h?!?! We were in complete utter shock by what just happened and decided to get the hell out of there before worse can happen. She was even dumb enough to ask us if we wanted to go boxes for our meals, I mean, are you retarded?!Cleanliness - Dirty, dirty, dirty, the floors were dirty, and the bathroom was just nasty. It looked like a bunch of homeless homos had an orgy in the men's room. This is probably due to poor management, since the only people working in the restaurant was the cook and the owner. How can you manage an entire restaurant of that size between two people? That's like trying to get two crackheads to find a cure for cancer. The best part was that they substituted the paper towels in the bathroom with toilet paper. I guess they think that if the paper is good enough to wipe your a$$ with, then it will be just as good for your hands and face.Please people, DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND NEVER GO HERE! If Iran really had the capabilities to develop a nuclear weapon then I would tell Ahmadinejad to drop a tactical nuke on this restaurant. Then I would tell Kim Jong-il of North Korea to drop another nuke just to make sure that everything is completely vaporized.The owner should be barred from ever owning another business, and should be shipped back to Vietnam on a $hitty a$$ boat. She should also be forced to work in a sweatshop making Abercrombie T-Shirts for 15 cents an hour.This place is a disgrace to America, Vietnamese cuisine, and the Vietnamese people everywhere.
2	If you want cheap Pho, and don't care about the service, then you will probably like this place. The Pho is decent, and cheap: $3.99 for a small, and $4.99 for a large. I had a large bowl of Pho Tai and it was filling. It tasted okay...not the best, but not the worst. The other items are not cheap and not good either.The owner is very nosy and rude. And, she dress up like crazy. It's like she's going clubbing or something!!
1	Worst restaurant I've ever been in! Came in on a hot afternoon, the place has no AC. The whole restaurants looks old and dirty. The food taste mediocre. The thai tea I ordered was sour! On top of that, the grilled pork i ordered had a small roach that crawled out.  The owner never once apologize or offer a refund. I will never come back again. Stay far and far away of this place!
1	THe one star s overrated..I normally dont write bad reviews but...our experience here was really the worst ever...firts the customer service was terrible very unfriendly and rudeeeee....we were about to leave the place..if it werent the pho fix :)..so we said forget the customer service ..coz the food might "MIGHT" be good ..but fail even the pho was bla...I mean just pure bla and very bland....make the story short we will nevergo there again and wont recommend it either!!!
2	Decided to stop by here on way to another Pho restaurant further from work.First off, the lady working there was not too happy today I think.  I wasn't there for customer service or pampering, but a little courtesy could have gotten them another star maybe.This is one of those dishes I find hard to really mess up, so I always order spring rolls also.  The peanut sauce came out with the rolls and looked like peanut butter mixed with water and oil.  I tried a little bit on my spoon and opted to just stick with Sriracha.  Even with a healthy dip in spicy Sriracha, the chewy and fishy shrimp was still unpleasant, and the pork was a little funky.I ordered pho with round steak, flank steak, brisket, and tendon.  I usually love tendon.  This tasted more like rubber.  I'm no culinary expert, but I think they needed to simmer the tendon about another 8 hours.  I could barely chew the 2 pieces I forced down.  The broth was nice and the noodles were fine, once I dissolved the brick they were formed into.Overall, I was satisfied with my pho at the end, but wish I'd made the extra mile drive to where I was originally headed.
1	First things first....my boyfriend and I walked into this dump and politely asked to see a menu. We were given a dirty look and a grunt from the ho-bag looking hostess...(who we learned is also the server, busser, probably owner)...That should have been our first clue to leave, but we were so hungry at this point that we decided to give it a try anyway. Next thing we know, we were seated at a dingy 1970s looking table with duct tape on the seats. The waitress practically threw two menus at us, and then once we asked, brought us the most disgusting, chlorine tasting tap water. We ordered pot stickers, a bowl of Pho, and lemongrass chicken with rice. When she brought us the pot stickers, once again she threw them at us and when we thanked her, she grunted like a caveman, as if she had done extraordinary task. When we asked for plates to eat our dumplings from, she said, "WHA YOU WAN NOW?!" Very friendly. The pot stickers were edible. That is the best thing I have to say about this review. Next came our entrees. My lemongrass chicken contained neither lemongrass nor chicken....strange, I know, There was a heaping pile of mediocre rice along with disgusting tendon filled chewy inedible chicken in a spicy jalapeno sauce....not what I ordered. My boyfriend felt so bad when he saw the look on my face, that he shared his Pho with me...The soup was ok...definitely better than my dish. The waitress passed by 10 times, noticing that I didn't even touch my food and had moved across the table to share my boyfriend's lunch, leaving that horrid dish of chicken knuckles and beaks...she didn't say anything...on the contrary, she attempted to avoid us, as to not have to confront the situation. Finally, when she came to clear the plates, she said "everything ok?" I said that the chicken was full of tendons and I couldn't eat it. Her response was to say, " Some people like it that way better" and "All the chicken here is like that. Some people like that better." "RIGHT. OK?"This circus freak/owner/waitress/Britney Spears wannabe is a disgusting human being who should not have a job dealing with food and/or people. We had a good laugh when she was cleaning the table across the aisle from us. Her mini skirt had not been able to cover her skid-marked panties, but it is sort of like a train wreck, we stared in an amazing stupor of horror and disgust. I'm sure there is a single word to describe our experience, I'm just not sure i know it, possibly heinous or perhaps vile. In any case I will never forget the cartoon ridiculousness of this hell hole.STAY AWAY!!!!!!!
1	They don't care about cause youre just a tourist to them. This place has the nerve to add tip themselves onto our bill. Count your bill and dispute it with them, its not right. This place was no good. The food wasn't good. The customer service wasn't good either. Don't support their business.
1	There prices are great but their service is horrible! I use to come here all the time and just deal with the rude customer service until when I paid my check the lady dare to say to me, "No tip?" even when I tipped them.  They don't even deserve a tip because their customer service is so horrible.
1	This restaurant is terrible the taste of The foods are awful and they serve with lack of utensils and the worst is the drinks comes in a styro foam cup . I will never recommend this restaurant at all.
