5	Rolled into town on a Saturday night after driving 16 hours to get here.  The car is dinging some nonsense about oil and coolant.  Since a used car is less expensive than a brand new auto, I think I'd better give the green car a drink.In haste, I top off the coolant with some brand I purchased at the nearest gas station.  Then the panic sets in.I grab the manual and search the forums on coolant for specific requirements for my maturing road beast.  I think I put in the wrong kind of coolant.  I keep reading about colors and brand specific benefits.I head to Zimbrick and Bryan is awesome and friendly and patient.He takes the coolant supply I have and checks it against the kind the service folks have in bulk.  I'm good for the top off.  No dangers.  Then we talk oil and other road-preparedness details I should not skip.He grabs the oil grade I need, checks the levels, complements my ride and I prepare the wallet.  I ask how much I owe.The transaction ended with a smile, a handshake and a sincere "...thanks for visiting Madison, enjoy your time, and have a safe trip...."I'm in love.
5	Although I am not planning on purchasing a BMW anytime soon, I like to go here and just see what's new and just check out some very nice cars. The reason I like this place is because I know Mr. Zimbrick personally along with his son. They are a great family and REALLY know how to run a car dealership. Every time I come in just to look around, they don't treat you like some kid who is just in there to dink around... They treat you like a buyer and even if they know you aren't buying they still answer all your questions as though you were going to buy. The dealership is always spotless with a lot of little treats (water, muffins, and coffee) that you can have while "shopping." There are times when you will encounter a salesman who dislikes you coming in and just looking but that's how this goes! So anyways, if you are serious about purchasing a BMW or other exotic car (mercedes, porsche, jaguar) the Zimbrick dealerships are the place to go. Even if you don't live in Madison, surrounding areas come here for the type of customer service you would expect that comes along with an $80-90,000 car.
5	Had been looking for a VERY specific CPO 09 335 with x drive for 2 months.Frustrated, I started my search outside of Illinois I Quickly found out there was only 8 in the US and started calling on them. Mike Dennis was easily the friendliest dealer who took the time to answer my questions/concerns dealing with and out of state customer, first time buying out of state for me, let alone a BMW.Mike walked me through the process, agreed on firm final number and gave his word he would hold the car for a few days so i can do a visual/test drive. Sat came and i made the trip (2hrs) Mike Had brought out my car and it was stunning.It passed my picky eye for details and was happy to do a deal.The deal went flawlessly and I was passed over to Griffin for the paperwork processing.Griffin is very personable and friendly. he went over each document and explained what we were signing. he also explained any optional warranties we could purchase.afterward were passed back to Mike who was ready to show how to use the I drive and Pair my cell phone to the Blue tooth.I am very happy with my first BMW experience and would recommend making the 2hr trip to Madison for a no hassle purchase. I plan on buying from Zimbrick BMW when my Wife wants to replace her SUV.Thank you Mike =)
2	Zimbrick BMW has been phenomenal, except for Todd C (a service advisor). I will not go into a long story but the guy has no clue what he is talking about. I would think a place like this would want people to know what they are talking about.
2	It was an OK experience, Josh Ackerburg was great to work with and I had worked with him for a week or so on negotiating a price that had been approved by the used car manager, then when I came in to nail down the final cost, Griffin Roberts got involved and immediately raised the price higher than what was already offered to me. When I told him that his quote was higher than what was offered to me a week earlier, he said "oops, looks like I have some egg on my face" and he was correct, he looked like an idiot and someone I would not want to work with again even if I needed to buy a car from Zimbrick BMW, which is doubtful. Bottom line is I'm very likely not to buy a car again from Zimbrick and it's because of Griffin Roberts.
1	I've had really bad experience with this particular dealership. It is not the way they greeted me or the way they treated me but it is the way that they overcharged an overpriced each item that I was supposed to have done to my car. Not only did they tell me the wrong price is for the items that needed to be repaired but they ordered the wrong parts also. They told me that items needed to be repaired the head only been repaired a week prior buy them and expected eight thousand dollars to repair items that were repaired for under $800. Is my opinion that this dealership take advantage of people who are not mechanically inclined or old people do not know what things are really wrong with your car. I truly feel sorry for someone who goes there and does not have any automotive experience. I know that they will take advantage of someone.
5	Fantastic & memorable experience! Taylor and Kevin handled the entire process with professionalism and class. They sincerely valued me as a customer and went out of their way to ensure my satisfaction. I am writing this note in hopes that it influences others to contact them and benefit from the service Zimbrick BMW provides. This dealership should be considered the standard and I am glad to have one I can trust the next time I am in the market.
5	I went in to see if they were interested in buying my dad's car. But got help and advice selling my fathers Mercedes. Jason Royal and Glenn were so helpful and kind. They couldn't buy the car but gave me good advice. So appreciative!
