4	I am not a shopper.  So when my daughter needed me to get a  children's "pak n play" for her recent visit, not only did I now know what is was,  I never even knew where to start looking.  Now when I go shopping I usually last about 10 minutes,  so I headed to the PGA Golf Superstore on Shea.  Why?  I figured that since I don't  do shopping very well, the least I could do was to start somewhere I liked.  Across the parking lot I noticed a place called "Kid to Kid" and since I had heard it mentioned by my daughter before, I called her and she said to check it out. Wow - this was even better -  maybe I could take care of everything with one stop, so off I went.Being a male, and not knowing what I was shopping for, I went up to the first clerk, and asked if they had any "pak and play" things.  She said they might have - it just depended on what they had in stock.  Well, my luck ran out - they didn't have any.  But she said they had another store in Paradise Valley, and I could call them to see if they had any.  I did, and surprise - they had one, which they would hold for me if I could get there in the next hour.  Twenty minutes later I was the proud owner of a "pak n play"  and even found out what it was.  Mission accomplished - and not counting travel time - I was in the stores for less than 10 minutes!!But while I was in the stores, I did get to look at some of the merchandise.  If you are looking for clean, slightly used, children's clothes and furniture, this is the place to go.  The "pak n play" was brand new (still had the original tags) and was less than half the original price.  Apparently their stock varies so several trips may have to be made - but they have enough merchandise that experienced and savvy shoppers will always find something and at heavily discounted prices.If you have young children or grandchildren, give them a try.  You will be very pleasantly surprised.
1	The most horrible consignment store- total lack of business sense and mismanaged. These young girls - including the owner Tiffany have no customer service skills or common sense . Ibelieve the store is for sale -no surprise. If you call for directions or details- expect to get half of the information needed only to learn that they are not accepting your type of items when you trek down to the store. Example I have baby items what time can I bring them into the store. We accept items until 4pm. Show up - don't be greeted- be asked by three different dizz balls if you filled out a form. Wait in line - and be told Oh we are not accepting these items. Manager is rude and has no idea how to run a business. I miss SMALL CHANGE !!! I would add that when I called the other independently owned store near Dessert Ridge I had a very different experience. If you are looking to buy this store save your money-Im sure they have turned off the majority of potential customers.
1	Ok, this pains me to do because I always find really cute stuff here for a fabulous price BUT, I can't shop here anymore. The staff are just too rude. On my last two visits I could hear them talking bad about customers who had just left or were in the store earlier that day. Then both times when I went to pay for my purchases they were so engrossed in their personal conversations that I stood there like a fool. I didn't want to interrupt them for fear of being their next gossip victim. You can find the same quality goods for similar prices at another Kid to Kid location so spend your hard earned money there!
3	I like this place. I went here looking for a few things and came up with a packaged Boppy for 12.99 with two covers. In a normal store, that would cost me around 40 bucks. I also got a brest friend pillow in package for 10.99.Some of the prices are a bit steep for what they're selling. The swings, cribs, and bigger things seem to sell pretty high.All in all there are a ton of things for re-sale here and I would definitely go in and check it out! You might just find something fairly new for half it's price.
4	This place is great for slightly used baby and kids stuff. Apparently I happened to come into this kid to kid on a good day because I found 2 of the 3 things I was looking for plus an extra (new) item. The bumbo I was looking for retails in store for almost $50 with a tray. I got the seat, the tray, and a toy that goes with it for $12.99. It looks brand new! I also got a playmat/portable crib (this was the new item) for $40. A steal compared to the original price and what they are selling them for online. I loved a changing table they had there, but it was a little overpriced for my budget. All the larger furniture items seem a little high for being 2nd hand, but I can always find those somewhere else. The staff was friendly even though the store was very busy. And I got in and out of there in a timely manner. I have heard that they are picky about what they will buy.  But, when I overheard the manager talking to a customer on the phone about this, she was very honest and direct with the customer letting them know of their policy.  If you sign up to receive emails you will get some great coupon deals. I will definitely be back.
4	This Kid to Kid location has great staff.  Very friendly and not a bit standoffish like the staff at Tatum.  I found some great deals and will go back for more.
4	Can find top brand names and sometimes clothes with new tags on them still like I did today, score!!
4	I have five kids and have found great stuff here.  Before I go to the mall I check here and often find what I am looking for.  I have gotten the most adorable halloween costumes over the past few years and quite a bit of dressy clothes. The quality is good and the store is always clean with a very friendly staff.  I just bought a pottery barn train table that my toddler twins love! There is a great selection of dance leotards and shoes -new.  I buy Thomas the trains and great hair accessories (new).  The only con is when you sell items you really don't get much for what you sell.  On the flip side,  the used items you buy are really reasonable,  so it is all relative.  I have to check often because they move their merchandise quickly.  I have often returned to buy something only to find it is gone.
4	Walking up to this store I noticed a small pink "kids only" door located next to the store entrance and thought that was a super cute idea, but that was quickly forgotten when I took my first few steps into the store. It just reeks of old and used clothes in here, seriously, someone light a candle! The store is pretty tiny, with 4 isles packed with tons of boys and girls clothes, including dance wear, shoes, and something for the mommas (or in my case, me, devouring chips and salsa at Chili's) maternity pants.  This store also has a few diaper bags, cribs, and high chairs in addition to clothing. Also, there is a kid's play area that has about a three foot high padded wall without a door so one can place their kid in there without worry while they browse the store.
1	I was in the store for over 20 min with my 3 year old and asked if my small box of toys was ready. An employee asked the owner Lisa who was chatting with friends about her vacation plans to please finish my box, she threw everything back in my box but one item and never made eye contact while handing me my money.  So rude, will never go back!
1	It's been a while since I have been to this location but I had a store credit there so I thought I should spend it. My experience was even worse than before! The selection was terrible for clothing. I found two items that were ok but upon closer inspection one had a hole and the second a stain. I did find a few toys to buy but when I went to the register no-one greeted me and they acted like I was annoying them by being there. I am afraid I am not able to give this store any more chances. Oh and after my last review I got this email from "S D." Thought it was kind of funny..."I find it interesting that you have so much time to complain about businesses flaws like you dont have any yourself. Who knows what those ladies could have delt with on that day you visited their store. I shop there all the time and NEVER have I had an unpleasent experience. I have seen costumers yell, curse, and insult these girls and they still manage to have fun and not let costumers like yourself put them down. You give them respect and they will show it right back. They have many new girls working their now so try stopping by and seeing the new look then judge."
1	Took things in to sell today. Not only do they pay next to nothing for hardly used items, the owner was so surly and condescending, I wish I'd given my stuff to Goodwill which I will do in the future.
4	Great deals :)You have to go frequently and look for the diamonds in the roughTip: become friends with the store on Facebook and the staff will post new items, you can reserve and pick up later that day :) We have scored big time mostly on toys. Brand new condition fisher price toys for $5 that retail for $30+?? Yes please! :)Also got some cute baby gap and Ralph Lauren stuff for pennies on the dollar :)Love this store :)
4	Kid to Kid is a nice second-hand store geared, obviously, towards children's clothes and accessories. The place isn't very big, but they manage to cram a LOT of stuff inside. I think that's partly because the racking inside is extremely tall http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fI-IidRWFdxuOZMPT4FQYQ?select=zlybLydii-MZ6k9ljuHcpg#wmCAR6lMCYVBExy83gzWbA. There are a couple of features inside this store that really caught my eye. The first, is of course, the door to the front of the store that EXCLUSIVELY for children http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fI-IidRWFdxuOZMPT4FQYQ?select=zlybLydii-MZ6k9ljuHcpg#thl1TWSykXoGRntEkvFFGw. My daughter was absolutely tickled pink when she realized that the door was just for her!Another cool feature about Kid to Kid is the separate children's play area http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fI-IidRWFdxuOZMPT4FQYQ?select=zlybLydii-MZ6k9ljuHcpg#WpIriner3sdfQ05v2qu7Nw. It's tough to shop with children. It's even harder to shop with children in a store where EVERYTHING inside is specifically for them! So, having the designated children's play area http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fI-IidRWFdxuOZMPT4FQYQ?select=zlybLydii-MZ6k9ljuHcpg#Esz6neiB4SzKH5Lwgr1oew affords one parent the opportunity to shop while the other stays and plays with the child. CAUTION: Children may not want to leave this area, and they MIGHT have a miniature meltdown when you tell them it's time to leave...especially if they haven't had a nap yet (that could just be my own personal experience, but whatever).Like all consignment stores, you can trade in clothes for cash or store credit http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fI-IidRWFdxuOZMPT4FQYQ?select=zlybLydii-MZ6k9ljuHcpg#yBTTLID6gL7FSTWDcNg3KQ. Word to the wise, you get higher value on your trades if you opt for store credit instead of cash.
5	LOVE this store!  This is the only place I buy my child's clothes.  The staff is very friendly, and the quality of clothes is superb!  I get SO many complements on the clothes I buy from here.  I tell EVERYBODY with a child about this place.  The prices are PHENOMENAL!  You get so many clothes for a small price!  And to top it off, they do price mark downs on their clothes and offer a punch card.
5	Single Mothers here is the place that you have been looking for. Whatever your child needs is here. Don't waste your time buying new things that your child will only use for two months come here and get a better deal and if you do have new stuff that your child never used bring it here and get a lil cash back or use the credit to get more goodies.......You are welcome moms
1	Horrible customer service.  I brought a box full of toddler clothes on a Friday and was quoted 15 minutes wait for them to look through.  After 20 minutes my toddler was getting ansy and I was quoted an additional 15 minutes.  I said "ok we'll be back then" and went to take my daughter to get a snack.  I called to check if the things were ready and was told "because you left the store your items get looked at after anyone IN the store, and the purchaser has left for the weekend."  UGH!!!  Tell me that before I leave???  So we go back Monday morning first thing when they open and ask if they are making offers on any of my items.   The girl tells me, "we're offering $9.60 cash."  I said "cool which items did you want to buy?"  and was told she didn't know because they were "ALREADY TAGGED AND OUT IN THE AISLES."  I just looked at her and asked why they hadn't made an inventory or asked before they did that.  She told me "Well, you're NOT 'ALLOWED' to refuse the offer because you LEFT THE STORE."  WOW.  Just WOW........ Scandalous and dishonest, rude and bad business.  I told her and the manager I would not be back if this is how they treat customers.  The clerk said "Ok!"  AVOIDAVOIDAVOID!!!!!!!!!
1	Salty lady working here!  I can't give an honest review of the selection because I was very rudely told not to go inside as they weren't "open" yet.  However, the doors were wide open and it was 11:30 am.  Maybe they just open when they feel like it?  I won't be back!
1	Very disappointed with amount they assigned to goods was so shocked I literally did not refuse payment but went back to make sure they had given full credit ,still don't believe they did check all items. Will never consign there again.
1	Don't waste your time I wasted mine! There was not one greeting and not one smile for the 30 minutes I was there from any of their employees. They would only give a store credit of $19 for all the things I brought in. brought them to a shelter where they would get more value. HUGE mark ups! A lady bought a toddler bed from them 1 month ago for $99.00 & she brought it back for a store credit of $46.00
1	I had a bad experience here. The 2 women behind the counter were very rude and kept rolling their eyes at me. I was very offended. I will be taking my business somewhere else next time. so disappointing.
5	GREAT DEALS- both for selling and buying. I think people don't realize these items we bring in are used items. After you buy anything the value of the item greatly depreciates-and by selling to a third party who sells our items the profit margin is very small. But it's still much more than you get from donating or simply throwing out these items. I'd recommend buying and selling- you WILL ALWAYS get more for in-store credit than simply taking cash. They tend to fill up on infant clothing the quickest I would recommend bringing it in right before the change of the new season to have the best luck. They store sells items in great condition some things are still new with tags which is always a steal! They have great equipment items and they're very knowledgeable about the items so it's easy to have your questions answered. If you're not sure what to bring call the store. They can let you know the seasons and big items they need so you have better luck selling. I don't live close so I always call before making the trip to see what they need.
