4	Every time I go to Charlotte, I always try and make it to Manzetti's. They have THE BEST BBQ chicken nachos I've ever had. Make sure to share with a ton of people, or don't order a large entree, because the nachos are huge.  I also love the broiled chicken salad - and the house dressing is amazing: hot bacon and honey mustard - def not healthy, but oh so good. Go to Manzetti's.
5	I had my first experience at Manzetti's last night...and I loved it.  The atmosphere was casual, but not overly casual.  The music was playing low, but it was pop music, creating a fun atmosphere.  The decor was simple, yet elegant, with dark wood features.  We ordered cheap ($5-$6) glasses of wine (yes, they have them!) and they were delicious.  Having read good reviews about their chip appetizers, I decided that we had to try one.  We went with the spinach and cheese atop tortilla chips and it was a delicious way to start the dinner.  I followed up the app with the Spicy Shrimp Stuffed Baguette.  The presentation was very interesting.  A baguette was hollowed out and stuffed with shrimp in a brown sauce.  Eating it was easy because nothing fell out.  Biting into it was out of this world.  It had an explosion of cajun flavor that I wasn't expecting.  And, loving spicy food, the hotness factor was just right for me (although a bit too spicy for my partner).   The accompanying fries were plentiful, yummy, fairly thick, and fresh out of the fryer (ouch!).   Manzetti's is a great place to go for a night out or to bring out-of-town guests to impress them.  The American menu has enough to please those with a variety of tastes.  p.s. The service was awesome, too, and the manager even stopped by to see if everything was okay.
4	Since I travel so much, I think I only eat out in CLT when someone takes me. Boy, am I glad someone took me here!  Atmosphere - It is like a standard steakhouse, dark stained wood bar, white table cloth, hosts in black, servers in white. This and the location, South Park, led me to believe it would be pricey, for what you get it was not. Service - Pleasant and willing to go with the crowd was our server. When she inquired if needed anything to make the dish spectacular, we asked what she had to accomplish this and she quipped "ketchup?" We all laughed. Food - To start we had calamari, which was lightly breaded and fried for the proper length of time. It came with a side of chunky marinara that added nicely to the dish. For the main, I had the 11 oz barrel cut filet mignon, medium. This came with a house salad (mixed greens, chopped eggs, almonds, tomatoes, bacon & ham) w/ balsamic vinaigrette and my choice of side (mixed vegetables). The salad was basic, good and came w/ croissant drizzled w/ sweet honey. The filet was made to order, but the signature charring (see side note below) is an acquired taste. For dessert I had their, actually someone else's, key lime pie as the pie is made based on a Miami Fl recipe. It was very good, but the texture was gritty which took away from it being perfect. Price - Filet mignon, salad, mixed vegetables ($28.95), Fried calamari $8.95, Key lime pie $5.95 and water...priceless! (I always get water w/ a fine meal.) Overall - Great experience and will definitely go again. Side note: Being a former Pittsburgher, I enjoyed this off their menu explaining how the place started out and why they "char" the steak: "Shortly after Prohibition ended, Frank Manzetti, known as "Z" to his buddies in the East Side steakhouses, left Manhattan to open his restaurant on the South Jersey shore not far from Atlantic City. While serving a variety of foods, he specialized in steaks and his reputation for thick, juicy cuts with a seared exterior quickly spread in this vacation resort. One fateful day a tourist called Frank out of the kitchen to proclaim, "this steak sure tastes good, but it looks like something I pulled out of the fire at the steel mill where I work in Pittsburgh." From that day forward, steaks prepared in the Manzetti style became known throughout the Western World, or at least Southern New Jersey, as "Pittsburghed" and "Z" Manzetti took on the additional moniker of "Pittsburgh Frank." We welcome the chance to continue the tradition." I enjoyed my meal an' nat.
2	I guess I totally missed the boat on this one because I was not impressed.  There was not one thing that I thought even stood out a little.  With so many great restaurants in Charlotte I doubt I will be running back to Manzetti's anytime soon.
5	We went to Manzetti's tonight and had a great time. The food was great and very affordable.  The steak was one of the best I have had.
4	My boyfriend and I were in NC for a wedding and were staying at the double tree hotel.  Not knowing where to grab lunch, we headed to Manzetti's. We were very happy with our choice!  Our server was excellent and personable.  She even recomended some great wine. We were in for lunch, so we had oyster shooters ( goodidea but oysters themselves tasted like they were canned - maybe I am used to fresh west coast oysters? Not sure), the shrimp BLT, and the club.  Both were excellent. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants a diverse menu with easy going ambiance and great customer service!
4	Went here tonight based on Yelp. Was definitely worth it. I was in the mood for a burger (didn't want to spend more than $10). It was really good, thick, juicy, etc.... fries were great. Fiance got the gumbo and we got wings for the appetizer. All her stuff was excellent too. Lots of people there on a Thursday night. Waiter was quick and attentive without being annoying. All in all, it was $34 for everything. If was a little hard to find at first. If is in the back next to the Marriott (or some hotel like it). GPS put me on the street side across from the mall.Definitely would recommend. There is also an Italian place nearby which another couple had mentioned was good with outdoor seating as well.
1	We ate at Manzetti's last Friday and were very disappointed.  We were greeted at the door by scantily dressed cocktail waitresses.  I don't have a problem with bars and clubs who have servers wearing teensy-weensie halter tops but its not what you expect at an upscale restaurant.  We sat at the bar and were surprised by the limited selection of beers on tap. They ought to give up the "tavern" part of their name.  Then when we were seated our waitress could not have been ruder.  Very unfriendly and obviously not in the mood to be waiting the table.  The food is mediocre at best and overpriced for what you get.  We had 6 people in our party and no one was impressed.
3	They have a good burger and the salads are good. I have to say, my favorite things there are the croissant that comes with the dinner salad (I would usually ask for another one LOL) and the spinach dip. :O) You will see lots of suits at lunch time, it is a big lunch spot for the surrounding companies and they are pretty fast with service, so it is good for that. Small bar, but clean and comfortable. Good sized tables and booths for meeting and talking about stuff with co-workers etc.
5	I had low country crab cakes for lunch because I was in the mood for something expensive that day. I chose steamed vegetables as my side, and I've gotta say the lunch was delicious. Service was great. Atmosphere was fancy and pleasant. Frank Manzetti knows what he's doin'.
5	Man you just CANNOT beat Manzettis, one of the best places to eat in Charlotte year in, year out......when you think of all the one time HOT restaurants that have come and gone in the last 15-20 yrs, or ones that are still here but not good anymore, and then you have this place and it still has kickass food/service...well, thats a RARE thing today...you can go and close your eyes and point and an item and always get a winner..plus the same bartenders that've been there for decades can make a good stiff drink.....STILL the place i default to when company comes to town and we go out to eat after 18 years of living here
2	Many years from now when I am more overweight and battling diabetes and hypertension I will find some big shot attorney to sue Yelp for this predicament. I won't have to name Manzetti's in this suit though because I doubt I will ever go back there. I had just finished some shopping at South Park Mall with the sig-o and decided to see what eating places were near so we could have an early dinner and avoid the Saturday night crowds. The first problem with this place is finding it since it is located in the rear of a shopping complex. I really think they should send their scantily clothed hostesses to traipse  about in the parking lot to make this place easier to find. I am sure this is a gimmick they have for this certain restaurant but being a Friend of Dorothy I was immune to it. I am not lobbying to dress your hostesses like a Presbyterian preacher's wife but use some tact. Since it was around 4:30 pm, business was light and we were readily seated. The place has that dark wood and friendly tavern feel. Our waiter was mostly attentive but had the personality of a throw pillow. I am sure he wasn't at all pleased to have to service the large group of people next to us. I worked in food service for four years and no matter what kind of night you are having you have to fake it sometimes. We ordered the BBQ chicken chips as an appetizer which came out pretty fast. The appetizer was pretty good and the saving grace of our entire meal. Still nothing spectacular. The sig-o ordered the spicy shrimp stuffed baguette. The shrimp were cooked to the consistency of the rubber balls you get out of the quarter machine at the local Wal-Mart. The spicy flavor had soaked into the bread instead of staying on the shrimp. The fries accompanying the baguette were very good. I ordered the penne del rey (penne, Alfredo, peppers, snow peas, mushrooms and squash). Don' let the name fool you however, there is nothing from the sea in this dish. I knew this of course before ordering it so this is just a warning not a complaint. The veggies in the dish were woefully undercooked. The sauce was just OK but nothing that couldn't be replicated at your local Fazoli's. We weren't adventurous enough to get dessert and it's not like our waiter offered it anyway. After having two sub par experiences in Charlotte from the local places we may have to hit up some chains. I regret not getting a steak since this is what they are known for. I would have given this place a solid three stars but when you give me unfriendly service I can't forgive that (still left a 18% tip too). Perhaps this place isn't as bad as I am making it out to be but you only get one chance to make a first impression.
4	Manzetti's was a great place,but it closed last year and a taco place is replacing it.
