4	Aloft are independent hotels loosely affiliated with starwood. They are modern styled, boutique influenced hotels that while often cut corners in the build out, attempt to offer the boutique experience at a holiday inn price. My second experience there, and so far, both Alofts (Charlotte and Richmond were friendly and attentive.
4	I was impressed with my first Aloft experience this past week. I knew this was W's crack at competing with Courtyard and Hampton Inn, but wasn't really expecting it to completely blow away the cheaper Marriott and Hilton brands.It did - the lobby, the rooms and the fitness area (which rivaled what I've seen at the average Marriott) were exceptional when compared to the competitive set. The bed however was about on par with the Courtyard/Hampton Inn set. The internet speed was ridiculous: 7.82 Mb/s down http://www.speedtest.net/result/878972301.png. Highly recommended.
5	I absolutely love this hotel! As I write this, at 11:11 pm, there is a major party going on at the bar. There was a pretty nice gathering last night down there as well! It's St. Pat's Day weekend, a group is having a party, and I saw the bartender whip up some sort of green martini. There is a band with a bagpipe, and they are rockin' the place! Being from NOLA, I'm very comfortable when locals use the hotel bar. I feel like I'm in the middle of the action.The rooms are very nice. It's all minimalist modern, but still very cozy. Nice shower, scrupulously clean, and delightfully accommodating staff. We wanted a different pillow type, and we have it tonight. I'm glad we're staying at this Aloft rather than Epicenter, as we're a bit more comfortable being removed from Downtown. Although it is more appealing than many downtown areas, it's still a bit more noisy and crowded than we'd like. We are enjoying the space around the Ballantyne area. It's beautiful.Honestly, I couldn't ask for more for the price from this place. It has exceeded our expectations. I only wish they had a hot tub. Although, the indoor pool is very charming...
4	I come to the XYZ bar on occasion to catch the local talent singing. On Thursday nights they offer half price glasses or bottles of wine. Who could resist? Great place on a warm night since they also have a nice outdoor seating area. I've had a few of their apps and they are very good as well. No complaints!
5	Aloft offers A1 customer service. The rooms are roomy and the beds are comfy. I love their "green" program, too. The lobby is a vibrant, happening place complete with a good bar, pool table, and a boy and his guitar on certain nights. I was previously a die-hard Marriott girl but I've happily switched to SPG and am thrilled with the change.
4	Ultra modern but reasonably priced with amazing customer service.All in all, I liked the place, and the "green" feel that it has.  As soon as I walked in I was greeted by smiling faces at an island.  I was in a hurry so we got right down to business.  I was quickly checked in and on my way to my room.The rooms are modern/trendy/chic.  Kinda see through silhouette showers and bath on the right as soon as you walk in, with the bed taking up most of the main room.  VERY COZY BED!There isn't much to look at out the window, so I can't really comment on the view.  And you have to know to put your key in the special key hole to turn on the lights in the bathroom.  There really should be some kind of small LED lighting up this sign, since you can't see it without the lights being on.The XYZ bar is pretty chill with multiple hangout areas and a pool table.  The pool area had a great open feel to it and is open relatively late.I liked it, don't know when I would recommend someone stay in Ballantyne when visiting Charlotte though.
4	Insanely hot wasabi covered bar snacks.
5	Great hotel.   I love the green initiative.   "The design is very thoughtful.     Tip: there is an ironing board behind the clock.
2	The concept is honestly pretty cool, but it's also completely impractical. For those with children, aloft is simply impossible to work with. The property was clean and the service was good, but the strange rooms with things like a pocket door bathroom providing little to no privacy just make it a place I won't be visiting again.
4	The hotel itself is actually quite pretty.  The neighborhood nearby is mostly office buildings and such, and they're pet-friendly.One of the things I liked best about the Aloft Charlotte Ballantyne Hotel is the cozy atmosphere you can see the second you walk in.  Couches to lounge on near the fireplace and a pool table with a shelf full of lots of board games, makes it a fun option to stay at in the area. They also have a news ticker that's a nice touch too.Complimentary coffee and on-the-go dining with Re:Fuel were great for a quick breakfast in the morning.  And if you're craving a snack in the middle of the night, Re:Fuel is open 24 hours so you can get your snack on at anytime.I also visited the gym while staying at the Aloft Charlotte Ballantyne.  Easy access and a nice selection of machines and weights made getting a workout in a breeze.The rooms were, much like the rest of the hotel, very modern - which I liked.  This hotel also considers itself a "green" hotel  with lots of eco-friendly features.A few things I didn't like:* There are no drawers at this hotel.  Just a curtain with organization boxes.  Guess that's where you could put your clothes.* While you can grab a quick bite at Re:Fuel anytime, there are no other options for room service so you'll have to venture out for food.* If your room is near the elevator, you will hear it.  You can also hear people's conversations out in the hall.  If you're traveling with kids, it's likely the entire floor will hear you.* The A/C is a wall unit that is kinda loud.Overall though, I enjoyed the Aloft Charlotte Ballantyne hotel and would definitely stay again if I was in the area.  Next time, I'll be sure to bring my swimsuit to enjoy their gorgeous pool!
