4	Really nice, large room.  Internet access was solid.  Room service was good with decent pricing.  Only complaint is there's nothing within walking distance.
4	Just got back from a 2 night stay at the Novotel Centre Montreal. The hotel is located just south of Rue St. Catherine, which has tons of shops and restaurants. Just a short walk to the subway as well, if you're looking to explore Montreal further. My room was very spacious, with a king bed and a sofa will a roll-out mattress underneath. It could have easily accommodated 4 people. The shower temp and water pressure was GREAT!The internet in the rooms is wired and not free, but they do offer free wifi in the lobby, as well as a mac computer that you can use to print restaurant maps or your boarding pass. The staff was very courteous and friendly, and even asked me if there was anything I felt they could do better. Now that's dedication to hospitality!
5	great place, close to everything.  Spoke both english and french.and it was close to the bell center
2	There are weird welcome "pods" in the lobby instead of a front desk.  I found that these work well for the French Canadians who weren't any more polite about standing in line and waiting their turn than the French French, but it was a little confusing trying to figure out where to check in, who could help with the WIFI, etc.My room had wrinkled, cheap, thin, worn indoor/outdoor carpeting and looked like the whole thing, including the bathroom, was installed, prefab, from IKEA.  It did, though, offer a stunning view of dumpsters in the alley.  For no readily obvious reason, their room service is not available until 11 a.m., so if you wanted, say, breakfast, at, say, breakfast time, you are, how we say, "Merde outta luck."The free WIFI for guests was a royal pain in the ass and only seemed to work in the lobby, and then only after many attempts to go through their frustrating login procedure.  What are they afraid of, that roving bands of homeless guys with laptops will set up camp in their lobby if they just let you login without having to enter some silly-ass code?  A major negative for the business traveler.But hey, the price was right and it was close to a lot of good stuff downtown.  There's a great little pub right across the street, and some nice jiggly Canadian backsides saunter by on the sidewalk in this very pedestrian city (meant as a descriptor, not a detraction) so being in the thick of the downtown action is definitely a plus.Overall, not bad, exactly, but nowhere near as good as I would have expected (and gotten) for the same price in the U.S., eh?El Rauncho Grande
2	This hotel is not up to Novotel standards. The checkin pods create confusion and seem to take longer and when I checked in and tried to check out there was only one person working the pod. I could not wait to check out so I used the express checkout. My version is to just leave and let them sort it out. I'm sure the fiji water will end up on my bill. The parking is 20 per day and the in and out coupon did not work for me initially. The room was run down. The towels were so old you could see through them. The shower did not work well, no soap dish near the sink and the TV was small and had bad audio. I could barely here it over the people in the next room. The Internet was 10 per day, and the only option for bottled water was the $5.50 Fiji water. I hate hotels that charge for Internet especially when it's slow. I got better speeds out of my Rogers wifi hotspot and I just  used that after paying for he first day.  This is a big issue for a business traveler.The room service can be delivered to your room but not dominos. I had to get downstairs to meet the pizza delivery, heck i should have just gone out to eat. The location is by far the best part of this hotel, but next time im staying at the Sofitel. Free high speed Internet is a must.
3	Mehhhh.... It was ok. I got what I expected exactly like the picture. 150 a night including tax is not bad for a supposed 4 star hotel... Oh well it is better than the Holiday Inn. who can complain. I am not sure if they had a gym or pool but oh well one block from st catherines the main shopping place. As well as all the best spas and bars and close by old downtown. The cleaning ladies like to go through your stuff be careful and make sure to watch them when they clean. They might steel but did not for me just opened up and were noisy. A decent experience a bar and restaurant and canopy on the outside filled with bugs and spiders if you ever want to look up top. I ran for the hills. But every 25 dollars you spend with them you get a free drink.
2	Pros: location! Close to the metro easy to get around downtown and fine your way to the old city. Friendly receptionists, answered all of our questions (in clear English, although I would have liked to practice my French). On site parking. Computers with printers in lobby to print directions, etc.Cons: cleaning staff using the elevators in the morning, and by that I mean they won't let you into the elevator, and the stairs are locked (hopefully they aren't during an emergency). Paying $9.95 for wifi is ridiculous, it's free in the lobby and a decent speed, but to stream video or work at a more efficient pace the paid high speed is needed. The hyper sensitive mini bar just freaks me out. Totally unnecessary. I would have rather the fridge be empty so I could chill my water bottle. Our 'view' was the awning of the entrance where a slice of pizza was left on top to rot. Ew.
2	The rooms are decently clean and the hotel is close to the Subway and all the shops and pubs. The reason I'm giving a two is because they never disclosed what they were exactly charging us for. I noticed I had a high amount held onto my card and asked them to explain what it was. They confirmed the rate and they advised that there was also a holding charge. By the end of our stay, I asked them why they were charging me an extra $100. Apparently parking is $25 a night which they never disclosed to us,  nor did the parking attendant. Not sure if it was a miscommunication on their piece,  but I asked the lady at the desk for the break down and she never explained the parking amount. I would think that if you ask for a breakdown of your bill they would explain everything. Never going there again.
4	Free wifi! The $9.95 per day wifi that everyone is talking about is for the high speed version. If you want basic wifi (which wasn't an issue for me), then it's free. You can also exchange money at the front desk. They can exchange $100 at a time so I wouldn't go trying any obscene amounts of money (again, wasn't an issue for me since unfortunately, I do not have an obscene amount of money to exchange).Parking is $20 per day I believe. Note to self - do not do street parking as you will end up with a $147 Canadian ticket written in French.
2	Spent four nights here. There is nothing glaringly wrong about this hotel. It's location is splendid just a block or two away from crescent street. Never had a problem with the staff. It just looks so much better and interesting on their website. The rooms were pretty bland. My bed wasn't very comfortable. The TV remote was a pain in the butt. The view from my room was nothing spectacular at all. It was just so boring and plain.The restaurant was nothing great either. So over priced and nothing to get excited about. And with so many options literally a block away why, would any one ever go there?I guess the price point is slightly less than other hotels nearby. But not sure if I would stay here again. Too much hype not enough to back it up!
4	Everytime I have to stay in Montreal for a business trip, I stay there. This hotel is very well located near loads of restaurants, shops and the Bell center. The hotel itself looks quite good and it's also very clean. Till now all the rooms I've tried where fine. Some of the rooms had been renovated and others would need to be but they were very clean so I didn't care. For me as long as the bed is comfy and the bathroom clean, I won't care if the curtains and the furnitures are old fashioned.In the lobby there are 2 computers which can be used to surf on the internet and it's free of charge. The wifi is also free in the lobby area only. If you want to use the wifi in your room, you will have to pay an extra either for an hour or for 24 hours. Most rooms have an ethernet connection and the hotel provides cables as well. Normaly there is always one in the room you book. There is also an ATM machine in the lobby for those in need of fresh money. The hotel has a restaurant called L'O and it's reasonnably good. In the morning they offer a buffet style breakfast or the traditional a la carte breakfast. Most of the time the breakfast are not included in the price of the room so be warned that it's not cheap.  It will cost around 16.50$ for the buffet and this is NOT including the taxes (15%).You can easily get there with the public transport like the subway network (Lucien L'Allier station) or via various bus lines in the area.
3	Beware of the mini bars in your room. If you move an item and trigger a sensor, you will "automatically be billed." I was awakened very early by a loud thumping coming from some place. Three hours later and its still going. It also sounds like we are next to a subway. It is very noisy somewhere outside our room. It was very clean. I was happy with the interior design of our Standard King room. Staff will wake you up at 10am in order to "restock the minbar"The lobby was very nice. Parking is a bit pricey. This is probably not the best place to stay if you are here for the gay nightlife. It is a good distance from all of that.
2	Nothing is horrible here, it's just not a great experience. It did the job, but I don't know if I'd stay here again. Our shower was impossible to turn off and the head had a weird leak that caused it to shoot out the top of the shower all over the floor. Be careful with the minibars - they charge you for everything you consume. And yes, the tv remote was a pain in the ass to use. I kept having to clap it against my hand to get it to work.
4	I'm giving this four stars for the quality compared to the price. I was not sure what to expect since it was priced lower than the other city center hotels, but it turned out to be perfectly fine. Not luxurious, but for a professional, it did the trick and it was clean and aesthetically pleasing. The front-desk staff was friendly and helpful. They'd made an effort to make the hotel modern and fun. And best of all, the location was perfect. Close and walking distance to everything, including some of the pricier conference hotels just a few blocks away. Restaurants and shopping and tourist attractions were all convenient. I would come back if I visit Montreal again.
