5	First off this Allison girl has no idea how to make a bowl... and also has no idea what goes on at a Mongolian Grill. At this grill the menu is not needed... it only shows you what deserts they offer and different drinks. And how do you rate this 2 STARS... you pick what YOU want eat!!! When walk to the line, make sure you get enough meat to satisfy your tastes. I particularly like the sliced beef and the marinated steak. When you get to the vegetables make sure that you push them down into your bowl. The more you press it down the more room you have. Once again, I don't know where Allison has been to eat but normally you give your bowl to the person that cooks it and they give it back on a plate. Allison must eat like a champ, eats wayyyy to much or she is just dumb. You DO NOT NEED TO GET A BOTTOMLESS BOWL.... Press everything down and you will be full after you are done eating... ALLISON!!!! You rated your bowl 2 stars and you have no idea what you were doing... go back and make another bowl the right way and I promise you will like it better.
5	First of all, IT'S ABOUT TIME you opened one out west.  I grew up on Genghis Grill in Texas.  They have them all over they place there.  The food is so good, and that includes the desserts.  I don't really remember how nice the staff was in Texas because I was young and was just excited to go out to eat.  I notice now and they are really nice at the one in Arrowhead.  I'm with JT.  My bowl had a ton of food in it once it was served.  I didn't even think about going back again.  How can you be mad when someone asks if you have allergies????  They are cooking your food near other people's and want to be extra careful.  They don't cook it in your own pan.  IT'S MONGOLIAN!I'll be over there tomorrow night....WP
1	I thought it was the worst Mongolian Stir Fry I have ever eaten.  I love Mongolian food.   I was expecting more asian flavor.  It had more like a BBQ flavor.  I didn't care for the service.  I found the servers were trying too hard.  I thought they were extremely annoying.  I do like when they ask if need I something but not everytime I take a bite.  I would never go back mainly because of the service.  I want to be leff alone and enjoy my meal.  Don't try to upsale every single thing on the menu.  It seemed like to me the waiters and waitresses were forced to do this.  If they didn't they would be canned.  I didn't like the atmosphere either.  It was like sports grill/ asian.  Just odd.  Another stupid Corp American type restaurant.  Don't waste your money on this place!!!!
2	My first complaint is the way prices are not given on the menu or are difficult to find. Even the server didn't know the correct price of the drinks. $10 for a bowl seems high for this style of food. It was a smaller bowl than any other grill I have eaten at.  I asked for brown rice and was served stir fried rice. My wife's food was burnt. The sauces and spices were not that great. The margaritas were good. It is open until 10 or 11 in Glendale. That would have me there often if it where a better buy for the dollar and not being sneaky with the prices. The server, Brittany, was very good.
2	Went for lunch here today.  It was only my second time.  The first time was okay so I thought I'd give it another try with my little boy.  Staff was friendly as was with my first visit.  Seated right away.  When we received our food we both immediately started enjoying.  Well after a few bites I noticed that a bite I was getting ready to put in my mouth had 1/2 bright blue rubberband in it.  I pulled it out and set it on the edge of my bowl then immediately noticed the next bite had a hair in it.  I initially thought it was maybe me just seeing things.  The manager walked over to see how I was doing.  I shared with him that I pulled the blue rubberband from bowl and found what appears to be hair still in my bowl.  He apolgized said the rubberband wasnt even something they use and the hair might just be bamboo sting.  At that point I didn't take his apology as sincere.  Well not like he could tell for sure I wasn't taking any chances so I stopped eating after that.  I hadnt barely made a dent in my bowl.  He stated he would "take some off my bill".  I would have honestly rather been offered a choice to go make a new bowl or discounted bill because I basically left hungry.  The "discount" on my bill before tax was almost $18 then a $2.80 discount then tax added back on total back up to about $18.  Like I said I didn't eat much of my bowl so I still paid the full price for it and had what amounted to the tax comped on my bill.  My waitress was really nice about but I know she had no say in what action the manager would take.Feedback to Management: Next time better practice would be to offer customer to make new bowl (which would have been my choice), gift card for next visit, or just remove the whole tanted bowl from the bill.  A small discount is nothing considering I could have had a rubberband in my digestive system.Highly likely I won't be back.  Other better stir fry joints I can give my business to.
5	Loooved it! I am a huge fan of stir-fry, and this place did not let me down. The second we walked through the door, we were greeted by a very friendly and knowledgeable host. After telling him that it was our first time visiting the eat-stablishment (yeah, that happened), he took our drink order and showed us where to go, what to do, and familiarized us with the process. Did I mention that they have a full bar? Oh yeah, baby. Tsingtao, Asahi, Sapporo, Kirin, and a bunch of cocktail drinky drinks. Back to the food, Christina... Okay, so they have 10ish different cards that you can look at with recipes on the back telling you all the different ingredients to pile into your bowl if you want "Jamaican Me Crazy Fish", "Special Fried Rice", and a bunch of other delectable suggestions. If I mislead you to think I need suggestions, I apologize. I don't. I wanted chicken, beef, fish, shrimp. I got them all. Genghis Grill has a great selection compared to the other stirfry restaurants I have been to. Among the common chicken, beef and pork, is shrimp, calamari, marinated lime chicken, marinated steak cubes, beef slices, marinated white fish, scallops, pork, turkey. Then come the vegetables. All the vegetables you would want in your bowl, plus potatoes, green and red bell peppers, and plenty others (the green beans were great!). Next, choose your sauce among the 10 or so various-all delicious- options. The peanut curry was a  tasty surprise. Of course I mixed a few different sauces into the cup, and I felt like a chef. Last, brown rice, fried rice, white rice, udon, spiral pasta, couple others I have forgotten. Pick just one, or remix that beautiful tastiness. Hand it off, and give them a few minutes to fry it all up. You'll get a number and have your bowl brought out to the table, and MMMMMMMM! If it doesn't taste amazing, you really have no one to blame but yourself. This restaurant gives you freedom to choose all your ingredients, right down to the seasonings. Only downside I could see would be pricing, but it's really not horrible. 9.99 for a regular bowl, 13.99 for a bottomless bowl, 6.50 for my beer, but it was a tall bottle. It can get a little cramped and slow in line-try to avoid the indecisive peeps. There is a small bar area, which is nice, and televisions to watch a couple games. It's a really chill, laud back ambience. I had a great experience, despite grumpy man in my party. There is a rewards incentive card (free), and you get a free bowl on your birthday. My birthday is on the 24th of August. Who wants to join me.
3	Not bad. Quite a bit better than Stir Fry Paradise down the street. The meat was well cooked, vegetables were fresh, and there was a good variety.However, there are some annoyances. The day we went, the waitress was aggressively pushing the deserts. We had just been shown the table when the desert crap started. Seriously? I haven't even sat down. I also have a practical complaint. When you get to the sauce area, the damn sneeze guard makes you have to contort a bit in order to get at the sauces in the back. Super annoying, Admittedly, if the sauces I liked weren't in the back, I probably wouldn't care.
2	The Gag Us Grill ......I gagged from the bamboo shoots and had to pick them all out because they tasted like tin from the tin can they came from so my bowl all tasted canned also the sauces I picked were too sweet.I also don't think it is right that they charge you a dollar more at dinner time just because it is dinner time. (I asked the server if it is any different at lunch and she said no)This stir fry place cost more than the independently owned one across the street .
3	This and YC's are some of the only Mongolian places I have tried here in the Valley, and I think they are somewhat comparable. I like both, each has one or two things going for it that the other doesn't. At YC's they have a self serve soup and rice bar that I really like, fresher veggies, more options of veggies, bigger bowls, and the prices seem much better. Genghis has some yummy spices, fresher meat, more options of meat, and I like the sauce a lot (dragon sauce). Because I was comparing Genghis to YC's, I felt like it had a few short comings, but because it was good, it is hard to complain. I had a very kind waitress who talked with me a little, which I appreciate cuz I was eating alone while out running errands. I had chicken, Mongolian veggies (bell peppers and onions, cabbage, bok choy, cilantro, jalapenos, squash, dragon salt, dragon sauce and brown rice. It made a great stir fry, and the watermelon iced tea was sooooooooooo good. It was hard paying $16 for lunch just for myself when I could have eaten at Greek wraps across the street for maybe $7 or Jersey Mikes for $7ish also. Or made the same thing at home for maybe $3. Lunch should be cheaper in my opinion.
3	The layout is simple.  Walk in, host greets you and seats you.  If you have not been there before then the server is flagged to come walk to through their process.  If not then you are off on our own.  Server came got our drink order and walked us through the process.  Our server Brittney was awesome!  We picked our meats, added spices, picked our veggies, and then sauces.  I got beef, chicken, garlic spice, tofu, baby corn, and water chestnuts.  I added the soy honey (too sweet for me).  I picked all of my stuff to go with udon noodles.  It was ok, was not the best I have ever had.  We also ordered a cheesecake for dessert.  It was good.  Later talking with the manager, Andrew.  They have been open for 2 months, they are still working out the processes of the place (understandable).
4	I was totally hoping for a Bill and Teds type Genghis type guy to be running around smashing shit... slightly disappointed when the hostess was a sweet snappy lady. We were seated and drinks were ordered. We were then ushered to the beginning of the food line and quickly "learned" on the art of MSF.Fill yer bowl with meat, veggies, sauces etc.. give to cook pick rice, noodles etc. My concern is making my own food taste like shit.. I prefer chefs that know how much chili sauce is too much.. My dish came out good, a ton of steak, some veggies, the Genghis sauce and a little of some other one, and egg or two and some fried rice. I was concerned about the portion but after concocting... there was plenty! I did like the meat better here then at YC's
2	I eat at boofays all the time, so believe it or not my problem isn't with allowing patrons to handle their own serving utensils and potentially cross-contaminate food allergens or bacteria. My problem at Ghenghish Ghrihll (where the heck do you put the "H" again?!?) is with the way the staff handles their meat.Sounds pretty yucky, and it is.After going through a useless ordering procedure instruction by the server, the complications of which are rivaled only by the ridiculous ChinoBandido http://www.yelp.com/biz/chino-bandido-phoenix-3#hrid:Rc5orUUva9KTB4kMp7EgMw , I winced as i grabbed a serving tong laying on top of a pile of raw meat, dished out my portion, and went on touching other serving utensils on the veggies and spices and sauces. GROSS.Guessed about what to put on the dang thing, and was scared, really, since the server warned to be sure to know you like what you put on by tasting it with a tiny spoon ( from a bowl where it was touched by all those other peoples' grubby germ-laden meat-tongs-hands) .  GROSS. Thinking that "well, at least it's going to be cooked now," I hand my dish of e-coli-laden vegetables and warm grey meat chunks to the ''chef'' and scurry into the restroom to wash my hands with soap. When the food finally comes (long wait) to our table in the overly cramped dining room, the portion is onderwhelming and the thing is ugly.  The veggies are overcooked, and when i try the meat chunks, they are undercooked to the point of being rubbery instead of flaking apart as i chew. GROSS.I will admit i got lucky and concocted a decent flavor, but it was a total fluke.  Unimportant.  I was counting on that warm, grey, pile of exposed-to-the-public meat being cooked through and through to eliminate any food borne bacteria sure to be lingering around after its recent history of unhealthy handling.The server was more than happy to allow me to fill another bowl, and the guys said i could have them start cooking the meat first and add veggies later , but why should i have to ask for that?  Well, it didn't matter, because i never got the chance to even have them cook up that second bowl.As i stared down at the sloppy serving station, trying to decide if thinly sliced meat meant more or less chance of bacteria, I watch a staff member fill up the raw chicken tray with more rubbery chunks.  He does not place the new container in the server and pour the old meat on top of it, but instead simply pours new, frozen meat on top of the old thawed meat already in the bin.  This is not only against common sense, but against food handling procedure.  Who knows how many times he refilled this way that day, or how long the meat down in the bottom of that container had been sitting there?!? GROSS.If asked whether I prefer to allow all of that sort of thing to just go on behind the closed doors of a kitchen where i can't see it - YES, that's exactly what I prefer.
3	First of all we now have a Mongolian BBQ restaurant in the west valley. So kudos for that. I actually liked my dish which I made up from my own Mongolian BBQ experience, I only did this because I did not like any of the recommended receipes. This is pretty easy to do; select any meats and veggies you like then select the sauce. This is where I wasn't thrilled with the choices none looked like any other Mongolian BBQ places i've been to, for one thing they were all pretty thick sauces. Normal Mongolian BBQ places usually have a house sauce, soy sauce, and other Asian sauces. The one last gripe was that the bowls were kind of small and therefore a small portion of food, usually if the bowls are small you should get multiple turns to make a dish.
2	I work down in Chandler near Hong Kong gourmet boofay. I can go in there for lunch and for about the same price as I paid as GG I can get Mongolian stir fry, sushi and Chinese buffet...and honestly, the Mongolian stir fry at HKG would kick GG's ass all over the place. I had some pork, some beef, some veggies and some different sauces with fried rice. The pork was tough, crappy cuts full of grissle (sp?). The beef was just ok...still tough however. All in all, it just wasn't that great...I did not enjoy my bowl. My daughter and son both enjoyed thiers but it just wasn't happening for me. Pricing aside, the Mongolian stir fry at other places has been much better.Now add in no drink refills and indifferent service and 2 stars is just about right. I don't see myself returning to GG.
4	Pricey, but pretty damn good.They would have had 5 stars, but inexplicably there was neither garlic or sesame oil available. In fact, all the sauces had some sort of sugar element, and were very "ketchupy".Do not want.They have a rewards program that sounds pretty good, but I won't be going there often given the distance.I'd return with the person I went with, though. :)
2	My first time going.....The waitress looked like she was ready to give birth as she took our drink order. I had stated I had never been there before but she still didn't give me the break down of how this whole grill thing worked. "In her defense she appeared to be the only one working there" My kids loved it because their bowl's were endless, they were able to make and eat as much as they wanted and it was well priced for theirs. The adult bowls on the other hand were not worth it. Very pricey for one bowl and wouldn't be worth it to spend almost $15 for an endless bowl. The grill line wasn't as clean as I would have wanted, but needless to say the kids that were in front of us knew how to pile on their items and just leave a mess behind. The part of watching them grill, I have to say I was impressed and my daughter were in aww to watch it happen also. We had a 20% off coupon and the waitress never took it off the bill, had to wait 15 minutes just to get our bill so I didn't want to wait any longer to have her deduct a few dollars. The food tasted excellent. If they would lower their price and get some better staff I might frequent this one more often.
4	We come here pretty frequently.  I've never had Mongolian stir fry in other restaurants b'c the only other place I've seen them at is at buffets and there's just other things to eat there!  I have, however, been to several other Genghis Grill and this on as far as service goes, is pretty good.  We've had a decent experience just about every time we've gone there.  I like this one more than the one on the NE side of town at the Tempe Marketplace.As far as food goes, I should just rate myself, right, and not GG?  In which case, I give myself 5 stars!  I'm really good at mixing sauces!  If you've never been to a Mongolian BBQ joint, basically, the food is raw, you pick up what  meats, veggies, spices and sauces  you want and they will cook for you on this like big open griddle thing.  Good stuff.  I think they have a pretty good selection of meats and veggies and  yes, sometimes it's a little messy but I would say they are usually on top of making sure the counters are clean.  The mess usually comes from the veggies that fall out of people's bowl.  You put the meats in the bowl first so it is unlikely it will come out of the bowl and contaminate the counter.  Unlikely I say but I'm sure possible.My only complaint is how they changed their pricing structure.  Years ago when we used to frequent a GG in Dallas, it was once price, all you can eat.  I never packed my bowl the way I do now and if anything probably got less food because I didn't feel like I had to "get my money's worth".  Now if you want all you can eat, it's a different price than if you got just one bowl.  I was taken aback by that the first time we went to this place b'c it had been  years since we had been to one.If you are curious about trying a place like this, I definitely recommend!  If you feel intimidated, don't be.  The waitresses are very helpful and they also have these "cards" you can pick up that tell  you what ingredients to pick if you don't feel adventurous enough to make your own.  My tip to you: PACK IN THE FOOD. Use your hands and push down if you have to.  THat's what we do.  One bowl is PLENTY.  Most of all, have fun!
4	Awesome food. Really don't have any complaints other than it being a little difficult to get to the bins that are in the very back. I watched an elderly lady a few people in front of me to try to reach for bins of food and she just couldn't get to it. Our waiter was really nice, the food is delicious and filling. It was my third time there and I'll definitely be going again.
4	Service was great although it wasn't that busy! Had a pregnant server who checked in on my table more than enough. Drinks never went empty. Food was great! Bayou bowl is highly recommended with udon noodles instead of rice!
3	I can't really say anything about the food because I didn't stay long enough to try it.  It was pretty late at night and it seemed like they were the only ones still open in that area that we were in.   So we parked, went inside and were greeted by the hostess quickly.  She found us a place to sit, but I asked to be moved.  The table was directly under a ceiling fan that was going 100 miles per hour.   I hate that!  I don't like to eat cold food.  So she moved us to another table.  Once she left and we were trying to read the menu, the ceiling fan that was only four feet away as opposed to directly above me was going a little slower.  I think what bothered my husband the most and caused us to leave was that the lights were flickering like a strobe light because they were shining through the fans.  Maybe I'm just being picky, but those types of things really bother me.
2	All the ceiling fans were set to max, the best part is that the lights in the restaurant are above the fans.  Great strobe light effect from the fans and lights.  Could not get over that part of the restaurant.  It was similar to a flickering light effect throughout the restaurant.  I was unsure of food safety after reading Ryan's review so with the light/ceiling fan issue I headed for the door.
1	This place is horrible. I was in the neighborhood and wandered in hungry and low bloodsugar-ing. I was hoping for something approximating my favorite Mongolian bbq place at home in CA but would have been ok with anything edible, I was so hungry. So the bar was not exactly set high, but they still totally failed to clear it. The meats and seafood were nasty and disturbingly old-looking. The sauces and toppings were basically anything but Mongolian -- pre-mixed ketchup based sauces, all of them disgustingly sweet, instead of various oils and garlic and spice sauces you usually get at Mongolian places. The noodles were basically Italian pasta. My request for sesame seeds was met with confusion (though they did manage to produce a bowlful for me eventually), and there was no pocket bread to be found. And when I got my bowl back it was bland, soggy and limp; it had been drenched with water because "the sugar in the sauces would have burned" on the grill without it. Ya THINK? I ended up just fearfully picking out the meat and left the rest, still hungry.While I was still in line filling my bowl, I realized I forgot some shrooms and asked the grim midwestern couple behind me if I could do a quick reach back for a few. You would have though I'd asked to do a reach-around instead, they acted so outraged I might hold up the procession to get the food into their mouths as fast as possible. "We've been waiting in line already!!" one of them barked out. Seriously. They pretty much exemplified the only people who could be happy with what you get at Genghis Grill. Chunksters who only care about all-you-can-shovel dreck, in minimal time.Sorry, guys, you're nowhere near my type and neither is Genghis NON-Mongolian Stir Fry. You couldn't pay me to do either. Will not be back.
1	I am sorry, I heard great things about GG so took the family to the Arrowhead location in Glendale,AZ. The service was good, Iced tea was fresh. Sake price for happy hour was a great deal! BUT I was very disappointed with the cleanliness. There was food everywhere, and I felt it unsanitary to even get the chicken when I saw the tongs had actually fallen into the container. The people behind me asked for more marinated steak because all you saw was a red liquid. The guy brought it out and said "More meat! Less blood!" (HIS WORDS EXACTLY) I  almost gagged. Also, the meat station smelled awful. Fresh meat and seafood should not have a foul odor. And you should be able to tell what kind of meat it is. Only the turkey looked decent.The carrots were brown and a lot of the veggies looked limp, the mushrooms looked like they needed to be washed. I feel the place would benefit if they just cleaned it up and put out fresh food. And more variety of sauces that are not so salty! Most of them tasted the same, with a sodium overload. I don't understand this when you have all the dry salt powders near the meat station, then load up on salty sauce? Now being half Thai, I love Asian food, my mom used to own an award winning Thai restaurant back in the day before Thai exploded everywhere.  I did not come here for gourmet food, I came because I heard it was fresh and I could get exactly the ratio of veggies and meat to noodles that I wanted and it was open late. I guess in all fairness we went around 8:30pm. So after the dinner rush, but still no excuse to not wipe down the food area. Afterall they are open till 11pm!
3	I usually patron the other similar establishment, however some family that was in town wanted to try Genghis.  It was good, but it could have been better.  It is a bit deceiving as the bowls they give you to fill are rather small...however, if you are a master at the act of balancing...you can totally get your money's worth! My only qualm is that the meats and poultry pieces are huge.  I have frequented other establishments like this where the meats are very thinly sliced which makes it much easier to pack in that bowl! There are so many choices...steak, seasoned steak, calamari (yummy!) chicken, turkey, shrimp etc.  Veggies and other toppings galore.   I do prefer it when they mix the sauce for me, because I am not always familiar with the level of sweetness, tartness, sourness, spiciness, or whatever-ness that each sauce has.  So this time it was just a free for all...I did end up with a pretty spicy (just my liking) sauce on my dish.  I chose to get steamed rice and rice noodles and it was delicious!  Served with a refreshing glass of Watermelon flavored iced tea (I only got one glass because they somehow ran out of watermelon syrup after making mine!)  too bad cuz that stuff was da' bomb diggity!We were seated by the window and underneath what I can only describe is an air conditioner that was on steroids and crack!  Yes, we live in Phoenix...yes it's hot here...but man oh man this thing was like sitting underneath an arctic storm in Antarctica!  We had two young girls with us who were shivering...even in all of their pre-Justin Bieber concert attire!  Fortunately, our server was very nice and when we asked if we could have the air Freezer turned off, she quickly obliged!  If that thing had been on when our food arrived, I guarantee it would have gone to steamy to frozen in about 2.3 seconds!I'll try GG again...I might even try one of their pre-printed recipe cards that are located right before the "kitchen"!  Hiiii-ya! (my feeble attempt at being Genghis like)
3	I was very excited to eat at a place where I get to pick everything that goes into my dish, from the meats, to the spices, the veggies, and the sauce. Even the carb choice! However, when eating here on a busy Friday night, they were out of some items which was disappointing. Also the beef was cut so thin that when it was cooked tasted like ground beef. I don't know about you, but I don't want a ground beef stir fry. The chicken was excellent as were the udon noodles. I say, management needs to over see the food buying and food prep more and they will be good to go.
2	Just okay for my taste, the one thing I do like is that you can go crazy with what you decide you want to have them cook up for ya!! You simply, pick your choice of meat, choice of seasoning, veggies, sauce and starch and you hand it over to the cook, that then they heat it up for you in their gigantic grill and TA DA, it is all ready for you to enjoy!!The one thing that I honestly don't really like is the price, it could definitely be adjusted, it is a bit over-priced for the portioned you get and that is without a drink, if they included your drink of choice then I would then be content!!
2	Quick and easy but I wouldn't say it was "good". More like to late to cook dinner, super hungry, deal with the quality, place.
4	I go here at least twice a month.  It's an awesome experience and the staff is friendly and on the ball.  I always stack up on the seafood items, add some mushrooms and spinach and choose my sauce.  I also get double rice noodle.  You can also get free white or brown rice when your server brings you your bowl.  I will continue going there.
4	Great food and friendly service. I love the idea of making your own bowl, and being able to pile on as much as you want. The menu concept and how it is organized is genius! If you're not pleased when you create your own bowl, and not go by their menu, it's your own fault! Can't wait to go back.
4	Definitely a fan. This is very different from the average Mongolian place. You can not only get a large selection of protein items, such as beef, pepperoni and chicken, but you can add your own seasonings. You can follow their recipes or create your own. Who would have thought you can make a Cajun garlic chicken teriyaki Mongolian bowl with rice noodles? It actually turned out great.
2	It's the whitest Mongolian Barbecue EVER. And not in a good way. What kind of Mongolian place serves tortillas and pepperoni?! No thank you.The only reason it doesn't get one star is that it didn't taste horribile.
5	My favorite Mangolian grill in the valley. I have been there so many times and it takes few times to select appropriate ingredients to get the taste you like. They do have BOGO's some times.
2	We received an email promo for a valentines special for two bowls and dessert for $24.95. This coupon is very misleading since a dinner bowl is already 9.99 each and the dessert is 4.95! We came during the dinner rush which was   packed and busy. Our waitress, "Kelly" gave such poor service in general. The first was getting our drinks after one of our bowls were already made. In getting a refill for us she pretty much dropped the drink onto the table and was gone in a flash. She gave the tab when my date was still in the middle of eating and had to add "I'm in no rush to take this" and once again left in a flash. When she came back to collect the tab I mentioned she forgot the dessert with the promo. Before I could say anything else about which dessert we wanted she was gone already in a flash. She brought back a dessert that we did not want or order. My date asked if we get the option picking the dessert which "Kelly" responded this is the usual dessert. She apologized saying that she should have asked us and offered to get us whatever we wanted.  At this point I was livid and I said very little. We ate our dessert which to our surprise was very tasty. Our bowls were cooked promptly and we do enjoy the variety of meats , vegetables, and carb options. This is my 2nd or 3rd time at this location and thoroughly enjoy the mongolian bbq experience. The service with all these young waiters really needs to step up a notch or two. I will definitely go there in the future to see if  anything changes with the service.
4	Bowl is bigger than I thoughtHit GG for a co-worker's birthday.  Nice staff and the place is trendy and clean.  A bit loud, but not bad.Getting to the line and choosing your food is easy.  Easier if you have long arms as the sneeze guards make you stretch to get options in the rear.  Leave your Mongolian concoction at the cooks bar, mark which starch you want (noodles, rice, burrito?!), take your number, and go sit down.  About 10 minutes later your dish arrives. Turns out there is more than enough food in one bowl.  Most of us were commenting how stuffed we felt about 3/4 through.  Another aspect is you make your dish, so if you mess it up with odd flavors, it's all on you.As a Mongolian place, some of the options are weird-- burrito, pepperoni, fruit, et al.  One doesn't have to choose those options, but it's still odd to see.  On the plus, it's quick, tasty, and quality eats.Oh, and birthday boy loved the tuxedo bomb dessert.  He was in a happy diabetic coma all the way home.
4	First off, I have no knowledge of "real" mongolian bbq. Whether it's "the whitest mongolian bbq ever" or not, all I know is that it was DAMN GOOD! Authenticity aside, I had no idea what I was doing when I walked in. Met some friends there for a quick get together before heading off to a movie. I was given a bowl...just an empty bowl and a line full of goodies to fill it with. I was told the idea was to fill the bowl as high as you can! My friends took full advantage of that. My only complaint is the labels were kind of mixed up and I couldn't tell what something was. I just asked a lot of questions. Perhaps I missed it somewhere but a quick description of the seasonings would have been helpful too. Again, I just asked plenty of questions so I had a good first experience. Plus, it wasn't busy so I could afford to do so.I piled my bowl high with marinated beef strips, sausage, veggies galore and just your basic stir fry sauce. The shape of the bowl is interesting but so cute! The service was just so cool. When I asked about dessert, the waitress was honest about what she liked and what she didn't. I'm so glad I took her advice on dessert. I was so impressed by everything they offered! All and all, I loved my experience and I hope to come back soon!!My final opinion is that you really don't need a bottomless bowl because I couldn't even finish one bowl! Had to take that shizz to go!
1	I have been searching for a Mongolian grill near Surprise, Az; this place is the best.  A wide selection to chose from.  I agree that one bowl is more than enough and you will have food left to take with you.  The server there was wonderful. I will eat here again*****update*******I will never eat here again. Ganghis has made lots of changes that have impacted the quality of the food. I loved this place and was eating here at least once a week. I ate here again on 10/28/13 and as you know the food is supposed to be raw and they cook it on the grill for you.  However for some reason they precook the chicken then you are supposed to pile your other raw ingredients on top of it then hand it to one of the grill guys and let the cook it all over again. The chicken was very dry. The restaurant was filthy. The bar with e raw food was plain dirty. The little cups for your sauce were all stained. I kept looking for a clean one and could not find one. Additionally the last few times I have eaten there I have received bowls that contained items I didn't put in my bowl. One example is I don't eat seafood but my bowl had 3 shrimp in it. What if I had a seafood allergy?   Eat here at your own risk! The place needs a good scrub.the tables, menus, silverware, and chairs had left over food particles on them.  I used to visit here every week and I have seen the rapid decline. I don't know what management was thinking... If it wasn't broke then why fix it?
4	This place was pretty good.. it's a little bit confusing for the first time. I think I would have rather looked at the menu first rather then having the waitress try to explain it to us. I got the thai chicken bowl and i thought it was good. We will for sure come back here.
5	LOVE this place. Greatest concept! Its fresh and you can put more or less of food you want and you can see them cooking your food instead of it being closed off not knowing whats going on back there!Everyone working there is kind and upbeat and are always on top of things. I cannot tell you enough to come and try this place! Its fun.
3	We frequent this location often on Tuesdays because kids eat free which is wonderful. They also have $1 domestic beers which we appreciate with our meal choices. The food is always abundant and clean. The wait staff is the only downfall of this location and the tables and booths are not always clean which is such a turn off. We will keep going back for the food not the atmosphere.
1	Wasn't a fan. Food was dependent on you to come up with the recipe and with the type of food that can not end well. No creativity since the chef does it your way. I wasn't impressed.
3	As a self-described Genghis Grill junky this one left me feeling less than high.  Stopped in to grab some takeout so that I could rent Safe Haven and watch it at home with the bestie (great movie btw) on a Wednesday night around 8:30.  It wasn't busy so the hostess greeted us right away and told us the procedure for takeout, load up the bowls, pay at the bar and they'll bring us the food.  We made our way through the ingredient stations and got up to the area where you tell them what kind of starches you want.  I asked for brown rice and then waited for my friend to finish with her ingredients.  She got the Udon noodles which then caused the guy cooking everything to come back to me and start asking if I was sure I wanted brown rice, because I could get noodles instead!  He concluded with asking if I was trying to be healthy.  Uhhhh, maybe I am or maybe I'm not, regardless just give me the food I ask for without an argument!!!After that we headed to the bar to wait and pay.  However none of the 3-4 servers/bartenders/anyone stopped to find out what we needed until we'd been sitting there for a while.  Finally the one girl who actually looked like she was busy came over to help us and get our checks for us.  It was just not the level of quality I expect from Genghis and I was a bit disappointed.
4	Genghis Grill was definitely an interesting experience. When you enter they give you a bowl which you fill up with meats, vegetables and other ingredients (hint: fill that bowl as high as possible because the meat will shrink). Afterwards you pick your sauces and your starch. They even bring it to your table when it's ready. For a price like $9.99 for a bowl you'll realize that it fills you up very quickly. I followed the beef and broccoli recipe and I ended up taking half of it home in leftovers which, by the way, taste even better when you eat them the next day.
3	It's a mongolian grill, you know the drill...Get a bowl, fill it to overflowing with every meat and veg they have (except maybe pineapple and pepperoni), douse it with a sauce, some ginger or garlic and hope for the best.  Honestly it always tastes different but it always tastes good and it comes out hotter than the sun.  It's more than you could (or should?) eat in one sitting, so it's really two meals or one meal and a snack for later.They cook it well and you know what you're getting.It's kind of pricey, especially after drinks and dessert but ok if you get 2 meals out of it.My daughter got the kids mac & cheese - it looked like it was from another planet.  The cheese was all crusty (not in a good way) and sliding off the noodles into the pools of grease.  It was cold and yet the crusty cheese was hot (again not in a good way).  We pointed it out to the staff and immediately they brought her another option - cheesy quesadilla (in a good way).I'm not dying to return and I do love me some Mongolian!  I want a more authentic, less franchisey one maybe...
4	Our first trip was awesome.  We got great customer service and walk through of how to put together a bowl.  I love that I can do it myself or order from the table.  Service is excellent and the food is good and reasonably priced.
5	I was very impressed. This is the best Mongolian grill I have been to so far.A lot of people seem to be complaining about the fans and the way you have to put together your own recipe....and I don't get that. We live in Phoenix, the fans were quite welcome; and there are racks of recipe "cheat sheets" if you aren't creative or your culinary aptitude is nil.That being said, I was thoroughly impressed with the selection of all ingredients--particularly the array of spices and sauces to choose from. The "3G sauce" as it was called if I remember correctly, is recommended highly. Like others have said, a bottomless bowl is definitely not necessary, one bowl was more than enough. Also, they have bottled domestic beers for only $1 all day every day last time I was in, so get down on that, why not. Two beers cost me less than my friend's coke.This place deserves a higher rating, give it a try.
3	I grew up in Michigan and one of my favorite Mongolian stir fry places anywhere was within driving distance. Unfortunately, they are not in Phoenix. And since moving here I've been looking for another place to get my fix.Genghis Grill is the best I've found yet in the valley. Not quite a perfect replacement but I certainly think it is pretty good. Choosing your starch was a nice touch. Not everyone feels like rice.I feel like some of the sauces are pretty bland but it does give you the ability to experiment. Also there are options on the menu for kids that may not be into stir fry.The only complication we had for service is that we both went to build our plates. While gone, our table was bussed. Having some sort of card that says someone is at this table may deal with that possible confusion. Also if you decide you want more than 1 bowl, having to wait for wait staff can be frustrating. I understand that it makes it easier to figure out who got 1 bowl vs all you can eat. But when the place is busy, you may be there a while if you want seconds or (somehow) thirds.
3	Decent stir fry for this type of place. Not my favorite type of food, but it got the job done. I liked being able to choose your starch, including cabbage if you're low-carbing it, and the servings were pretty generously-sized. Plus you have the option to make it bottomless for an extra $5 apiece or so. The sauces seemed bland, but maybe I didn't mix mine like I should have.Service was...odd. Not bad considering it was pretty crowded. Our waiter was super friendly, but when we went up to fix our plates the servers bussed and cleaned our table. It was all cleared off when we went back, and the waiter was as confused as we were. It made me glad I had taken my purse up with me, and glad there weren't people sitting at our table when we came back. The whole place was a bit loud for my liking, but between the crowds, the fans, and the sounds of cooking that isn't really surprising.
4	My husband and I had a great dinner at Arrowhead Genghis Grill last night.  It was our first time there, and the staff were helpful and friendly.  It was fun to put together our own stir fry concoctions.  The ingredients were all fresh, neatly placed and labeled which made it easy to go through the line.  Our waitress explained how to make our choices.  I was very happy with the taste of my meal, and with the $1.00 special on some of the bottled beers.  We will definitely go back again.
1	This place make all Genghis gills look and taste bad. I have been to a few locations and was a hard core happy rewards card guy with a glass beer mug and this Genghis suck! I moved and this is the closest one. The cooks burn the food every time and the host are always confused. Great business but very bad management.
1	We came to Genghis Grill for dinner and when my bowl was brought to the table it had a big black hair in it. I told the manager on duty right away and he didn't offer me to make a new bowl or even apologize.  He took the bowl back to the take out section, took out the hair, and then dumped the remnants of the bowl into a new one. Disgusting. I cannot eat here anymore without having to worry that there is hair in my food.
4	I will start by saying this is the best stir fry place I've found in the Valley - hands down.  After months of great food and "par" service - I had my first bad experience today.  It was disappointing but not tragic.  I will try again and make sure they aren't trending down. I should have been a better "Yelper" and reviewed them for all the good experiences but felt compelled today.  They have always been a little stingy with the sauces.  They could use more adjustable sizes for that.  Service is always "bleh" here.  They have one redhead female who seems so flippant - it makes me whince we I walk in and she is there.  I am not sure why they have such attitude - we make our own bowls they just need to run it and keep the drinks refilled.  They get tipped on full ticket price - so I am not sure why all the sourpuss attitudes.   HOWEVER, we go back TIME AND TIME AGAIN because of the food.  It is a great place :)
4	Haven't been here in awhile. While it is a pick and choose kind of set up it has been much improved since I was last here. Being able to pay at your table is a nice convenience.  Also ordering drinks, appetizers,  etc is great. Enjoyed the meal and pretty satisfied.
1	My fiance and I were out running errands around town this past weekend and passed by this place.  I mentioned wanting to try it sometime and that I had been to a place with the same concept many years ago in Tempe and thought it was really cool.  After we were done running errands we were headed back the same direction and came up to Ghenghis and he pulled in the parking lot and suggested we go ahead and try it.  We walk in and wait to be seated like the sign says, right off the bat I notice several employees walk by without even acknowledging us.  Then this male employee walks over with a bewildered look on his face, like he clearly is not used to seating people.  I thought he'd figure it out since it's not exactly a large restaurant.  We should have just grabbed a seat at their bar!  He told us someone would be right with us and a girl came over and sat us...right next to the server station.  Whatever I was starving and didn't really care at that time.  Neither one of us had been there so our waitress who sat us rapidly explained the process, she went thru it so fast I just decided we should fill out their form and have them make our bowls for us.  When she got back to us for our order we ordered drinks, I got a coke and he ordered a beer.  We proceeded to sit there for about 20 minutes, meanwhile at the table next to us some people sat down after us and were brought their meals and were almost done!  Our waitress comes over and says our food should be out any minute, not long after that another woman comes over ( I assume the manager since she wasn't wearing a server uniform) and says that they are out of two of the seafood items that my fiance had ordered.  He changed his order and we continued to wait all the while thinking why the hell didn't they tell us that in the first place!  Then as we waited and waited some more I started wondering why our waitress said our food should be out soon when they clearly hadn't even started cooking it yet if they didn't even possess the food to cook it.  By this point I was extremely hungry and irritated, I had half a coke left his beer was empty and the waitress comes by and drops off a fresh coke that I felt like she did only to try and make up for our wait.  But maybe she should have thought of asking if my fiance wanted another beer since his was empty!  She did stop to ask if they had told us they were out of his order and said she would take our bowls off, whatever that meant.  We continued to wait a few more minutes until I just couldn't wait any longer.  We got up to leave and walked passed the manager lady sitting at a bar table who said thanks for coming...ya thanks for NOTHING!  They weren't even what I would call busy.  I have never had to walk out on service like that.  I was looking forward to a cool new experience and ended up being extremely disappointed.  I will never go there again!
3	Come here a lot when im in the mood for some stir fry. Always solid food. $2 domestics. They lose a  couple stars because they've been screwing with the experience lately, no longer get to fill ur own sauces and I miss the 1 inch cubes of chicken, much smaller now and now it's precooked? Dafuq?
2	Great location! Pretty busy on a Saturday night probably because of the asu game. They changed things since the last time I was here about 4 months ago. Now they give you these "name cards" where u write your name and just give it to the cooks. Guess I don't mind that much I got food much faster that way. I was pretty excited about making my shrimp bowl till I read the sign they just added stating that they are currently going thru a Shrimp shortage at the moment. You don't even get to sample the sauces any longer. That was another cool thing I loved about this place. WTF I was truly disappointed. Also I felt a little rushed. Not even ten minutes after I received my food the waitress handed me the bill. Not as pleased this time but I guess I'll give then another shot. Hopefully next time they'll have shrimp!
4	I find it laughable what one of the reviewers below said. $8.99 is nothing in comparison to the prices at Stir Crazy in Illinois and other similar concepts, but I guess ignorance is bliss. Not to mention piling up a bowl like that with the raw meat on top cheats the restaurant as it is technically another meal. But I digress.Genghis Grill is a casual Mongolian stir fry joint, similar to Pei Wei or the hibachi station at an Asian buffet. There are a good variety of meats and veggies to choose from. I understand why the sauces have to be attended; I wouldn't put it past a stupid customer to dip a finger in a sauce otherwise. Not to mention if you put too much sauce, the amount of sugar in certain sauces can burn and screw up the meal.I pieced together a meal of udon noodles with chicken, veggies, and honey soy sauce. I enjoyed it and can't complain--a regular size bowl left me stuffed.The waitress was nice and prompt with our requests, although another one came by later and kept saying "K" after the two things we asked for. Overall, I like the place since you can control the amounts of which ingredients go into your meal. Despite it being Friday evening, there wasn't a terribly long wait and our food came back cooked quickly.
3	I have been to several Mongolrian grills, and I was really looking forward to one opening up near me.  So I was happy to hear that Genghis Grill had opened up.  My first experience at this place was nothing to brag about, but nothing to complain about.  The food was good, the service was good, but nothing about this place stood out as real good or great.  Just an average Mongolian Grill.  Nothing about the food or experience left me craving for more.
2	We arrived to a loud, chaotic layout. There was no clear path or sign and no hostess awaiting us. We chose the most obvious looking route, into the barbecue line, and picked our ingredients. Got to the end and were informed by our baffled chef that we needed a "card" for them to fry our food. Went to find a server but none would make contact with us, so we seated ourselves, assuming a server would come by (as some restaurants do). One did but entered into another baffled conversation in which we were basically told we were the ones in the wrong, and told what to do "next time." Our actual server was nice and tried to excuse the place but he was too little too late. The only reason this place gets more than one star is for the food, which was fresh and pretty good. Otherwise it's too loud, confusing and the customer service SUCKS. Never returning.
3	Used to be a four star place before the portion sizes went down and they removed the shrimp. No shrimp at all?!?!? That was my favorite part. The owner said their prices went up so they removed it. I understand business but at the same time keeping customers happy and customer retention is important as well. I will find a new place to go when I crave Mongolian BBQ.
2	= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET  = = = = =Stopped in here today for a first visit to a Genghis Grill, joined by Scott W.  Here you are seated by a server, and restaurant was a bit brown & dark inside, except for bright sunlight glaring in from the south facing windows with no blinds.Over at the serving area you choose between tiny, small or medium small bowls, priced at $8, $10 or $13 & start dishing yourself up whatever you like from the meat & veggie trays.At the end of the serving line a staff member gives you a scoop of sauce from one of a number of selections, premixed.  After tasting a couple of sauces with tiny plastic spoons they give you, I went with a Honey + something Sauce.Then you go to the grill area, where you choose the starch items separately.  They offer white rice, brown rice, fried rice, plus rice noodles, wheat noodles and more.  With the $8 bowl you get one starch portion, with the $10 you can have 2 and with the $13 bowl you can have three.  The all-you-can-eat  version is $5 on top of whichever bowl you start with, so it's $13, since it makes sense to start with the $8 bowl.  In any case, all go-backs are with the smallest bowl.The good:*  There were a good number of meat selections including two seafood (not shrimp) choices.*  They bring your bowl over to your table when it's done.  You don't have to stand & wait for it to be cooked, which is kind of nice unless you particularly want to watch Chef Mongol wag it around on the grill with sticks & style.     :-)*  The food was delecious, & cooked just right.  (That's one thing, isn't it?)     :-))= = = = = =The not-as-good:I didn't care anywhere near as much for this place as YC's in Tempe which I just went to a few days ago.  The dining room over there was more appealing to start with.  Also, at YC's you just paid & then you were on your own, with everything help-yourself, including beverages, & no one hovering over your table.  Their drinks were included in the price, so this place tends to be more expensive.  Also, YC's gives you the largest (& larger than here) bowl for your first go-through on the all-you-can-eat plan, & for your seconds too.  Also, there were soups & other goodies such as whole nuts over there that Genghis here didn't offer here.Meh...  that's it for this place.  I WILL try the other Genghis' around the Valley & see if they can make a better impression, but these guys here didn't quite cut it for this style of Buffet.     :-|
5	This place is so amazing its one of our favorite restaurants, whenever we have a special occasion this is the first place on our list! The most amazing staff I've seen! Very friendly staff by far one of the best unique restaurants ever!
3	The chicken was horrifying. Not sure if it was still raw or what, but it tasted like slimy soft rubber. Vomit-worthy. I pushed all the chicken to one side of my bowl and ate everything else. The bowl was great besides the main part of my dish. *sigh* I tried some of the steak from my boyfriends bowl, which was fantastic. The service was sub-par. There was only one other table in the whole place, and our server was never to be found. She didnt ask us how our food was either. Not a good experience for me, I wont be back. YC's is much better, and I get great service because I can serve myself
4	Definitely a good good spot to stop for a wholesome lunch.  I enjoyed the variety of meats, veggies, and sauces.  Service was good, food was good, and the price wasn't bad at all.  If I lived closer I'd definitely come here more often.
5	Genghis Grill is a unique restaurant! It's a Mongolian style BBQ - meaning you get a table - then get in line to create your bowl! You are in control!! You choose the amount of meat, spice, veggies and sauce! There are bazillion different kind of combinations. The staff is very friendly and attentive -Faye and Bridgette make sure I have my beverage and bowl immediately :)!  A regular bowl is perfect size and you easily have a lot to take home for next day if you wish! The food is delicious! If you want it spicier your waitress can get you a bottle of Sriracha on the side! Yummy!  Also it's great fresh food!
2	First trip here was ok, second was my last. The atmosphere and service is spot on. Everyone is very friendly and attentive, so this place gets a high rating in that respect. For the food, there's some good and some bad.  For Mongolian Grill, there is not a lot to choose from for your bowl. Don't get me wrong, I was able to fill it, but once it hit the grill, that was another story. After cooking it up and presenting it to me, all of my meat disappeared.  No joke. I understand that with fish, they move it to the side because it cooks slower.  When they assembled it, it never made it back into my mix. I like other Mongolian places where you can hang out at the grill and watch the magic, plus interact with the chefs. This place isn't set up that way, which is ok, but I was disappointed with my meal.
5	Great food! I've been to many Mongolian grills, including YC's, and this place is the bee's knees! Very user-friendly, great drinks, and friendly staff.
5	Hey! This place was pretty good! It was my first time being there. The experience was weird and different, in a cool way. You sit down. A server comes up to you. They get your drink orders and ask if this is your first time. You get up and assemble your bowl. The first station is the meat station. You choose a type of meat (or meats) and move to the second station where you season it. After that is a vegetable station. They have a great variety! Fouth is the sauce station. They have anywhere from sweet to sour to spicy! Lastly, you go up the chefs, they confirm your order, and get cooking while you sit down and wait for them to bring your food! If you don't like your food, it's probably because you didn't mix it right. LOL I,  on the other hand, am a good food compiler so my experience was great!
2	This place was okay but not what I expected. Family & I were craving Mongolian grill & this place was the closest on the west side. For the self serve: Their poultry was thawed & it gave a mixture of raw meat odor, it just smelled weird. By looking at it looks fresh & it is. I think any raw meat like steak, chicken, pork, ect. shouldn't be side by side. Someone can easily scoop a mixture from one raw meat to another using the same utensil which is not good. Also the comparison to a large bowl to a regular bowl the portion is the same & I asked the server what's the difference, does the large get more noodle or rice versus regular size? The server's reply was yes, I told her mine's didn't look that way & all she said was that why it's always best to just get a size smaller. To me that's not consistent with the portion on what's large & regular size.
2	This place looks like it should get four or five stars. Unfortunately, it didn't deliver a four or five star experience.We went there on a Sunday for lunch. We walked in and just managed to get in the door. There were several people in front of us waiting for a table. The hostess seated everyone fairly quick. We were taken to be seated at a table, but doing so would have put us shoulder-to-shoulder and elbow-to-elbow with the people at the tables next to us. The inside, at least for me, felt claustrophobic. (I don't think I've been anywhere that felt this way before.) We decided instead to sit at the bar.We took a seat at the bar. The bar is small. Maybe a little bigger than what someone might have in their home. We were promptly greeted by the bartender. She took our drink order and gave us a quick run down of how to get our food. There is a menu  but you have to go to almost the last page to get bowl sizes and price.You have a couple options to get your food. One is to fill out a small card with your name, bowl size and if you want noodles, rice or cabbage added to what you already put in your bowl. This you take with you, get in line, fill your bowl with your choices and present it at the end to the cooks. Or, you can fill out a larger card that lists all your options for ingredients, check off what you want and hand it to your server to take up for you. As a third option, there are twelve dishes listed with ingredients if you prefer to not have to wing it.We decided to make our own. Line was short and moved quickly. First station you pick your meat. Although shrimp is still on the menu, they are no longer serving it due to cost. I picked the lime garlic fish instead. Next is seasoning, after that veggies and last is sauces. You can also add an egg at the end. Then mark if you want noodles, rice or cabbage and off it goes to be cooked. There are a lot of choices. It's a bit overwhelming at first. We went back and sat down. Our food was done fairly quick. The food looked good, but somehow I think my fish got lost. At first I thought it may have flaked apart, but I never even found flakes of it. Quite disappointing! First no shrimp, even though still on the menu, and then my fish was completely left out.By the time we finished, the line for a bowl had become increasingly longer. The odd thing is that the line itself cuts right through the middle of the restaurant and towards the front door, further lending to the small claustrophobic feel. Service was good, food just okay, atmosphere was close and too small.Two stars.
2	A non-holiday, regular Saturday night. Drove 20 miles one-way (actually thought it was closer than that) for take out. Get there over 20 minutes before they were SUPPOSED to close according to their website and the hours shown on their door (pictured). But OHHHHHHHH NO! - CLOSED. I've been to Genghis Grill in Tucson and the food is awesome! So, this review/location gets 2 "legacy" stars based on my previous experiences.
1	This place was good till last month & they seem to have hired new people. Food is good as ususl, but highly dissatisfied & frustrated with the service. Server was so busy in closing off her duty & did not even bother to check on the table. Worst service I've ever experienced & it would be really good if the managemnt send these staff for some customer handling classes to ensure their satisfaction. Anyway you do need a server just to serve drinks, however people with such an attitude are disgusting.
2	Food is good. Price is high. Service is weak. I've been here a few times and each time the service is just meh. Today my boyfriend and I ordered it to go. The guy making the food was very nice and helpful. The bar staff was slow and unfriendly. We had to pay at the bar and they ignored us for 10 minutes even after we asked if we could be helped. They acted like they were extremely busy but there was hardly anyone there.. Need to train and hire better staff.
1	Terrible service. Drinks were never served, I got my food but the person I went with never got theirs so we left. Absolute mad house. I will never go there again.
3	Ok, this was tough because the food did a bit of damage to my stomach and everyone else who was in my group. The thing is, it still tasted great! It is obviously Mongolian style and I LOVE these places. You pick it and they make it, so if it doesn't taste right...."you chose poorly." If you have never been to this type of restaurant before, it is kind of cool. They give you a bowl and you pick what kind and how much meet/protein you want in it. Then you pick what veggies, and other topping you want with it and your sauce. You actually get to make the sauce yourself and that is where you get all the flavor you want. Then you take it to the stir fry station and they cook it up for you. It is a cool place, and "I'll be back."
1	At first we lived this place but we've been back and out most recent trip we received awful service. We were seated and no one came over for at least 10 minutes. We flagged down another waitress who said she'd tell our server to come over. We waited for another 5 minutes and she didn't apologize and didn't address the issue at all. The food wasn't as good as it was before and they meat offerings changed and we more limited.
4	I am embarrassed to admit that I stuff my bowl to the hilt with food. Greedy yes but I want to make sure I have enough protein and veggies and the bowls seem so tiny. (Hey I said I was greedy) the service is always pretty good and the selection for you to choose is great.  Needless to say due to me being greedy, I always have leftovers. At least I am not alone when it comes to stuffing my bowl as I have seen others that are 10x worse than I am. Join their Genghis grill club for some awesome deals you can receive on your bowls.
4	I really enjoy Mongolian BBQ, and this place is such a fresh take.  Every time I go I can get something new and create my own.  The sauces are just awesome and I love that you can chose different portion sizes for just how hungry you are.  The staff always seems nice and it is a fun place for a casual dinner out.
4	The 1st time I came here I hated it. It probably had to do with the fact that I got noodles w/teriyaki which is pretty much disgusting lol. This time around I got brown rice with chicken and broccoli and the house sauce. AMAZING! Would def come back again
4	I come here with my boyfriend and it is never crowded when we go. I usually get the chicken or sirloin tips. I prefer the chicken though. We always pile our bowls HIGH! Add some spices and veggies. I get the tomato sauce (2 cups) and usually choose the tortilla. My boyfriend likes to put a little bit of each sauce...yucky. Food is cooked quickly and service is alright. Drinks are a little over priced in my opinion but thats just me.
3	I'm really frustrated with this place.  It's one of my teenager's favorite places to eat, but my experience yesterday will keep me away for quite awhile.  We've eaten here many times because...My kid loves buffets where he can pile up on the limited amount of foods he likes. For example, at sub sandwich shops, he only has meat, lettuce and cucumbers on his bread.  Boring!  At Genghis grill he piles on the meat and adds broccoli an almost no sauce. He loves the Udon noodles.  I like the place too.  I make a mess every time (meaning I mix all the wrong things together) but I'm happy to do it.  I think the food is really tasty in spite of my culinary challenges.I love the idea of this place, with TVs all around, and a full bar.  Unfortunately the execution falls a bit short with the TVs too high near the ceiling to be comfortable to watch for even a meal's worth of time.  The only TV I could see yesterday had a ceiling fan right in front of it.  The drinks are pretty pricey too, so there's better places to hang nearby if you want to watch a game (which I wanted to yesterday).Now on to the service...  I don't like these semi-service deals where they bring you drinks and your check.  Am I supposed to tip them the full 15-20% like a regular restaurant?  If so, WHY?  Anyway... the gal who helped us was really short with us when we showed her my Yelp discount on my phone.  Yes, I showed her when she brought me the check, but I checked in on Yelp when I finished eating.  I hadn't asked for the check, so I don't think she should have had any attitude.  Then the thing that really sealed the deal was that I forgot my leftover box on the table (yes, I'm to blame here) but I barely made it to my car in the parking lot when I discovered it.  I was maybe 10 spaces from the door.  I actually jogged back to the restaurant and went to my table and everything was gone.  Everything was thrown out in 2-3 minutes from getting up from the table.  I had more than half my meal in there (it was full) and nobody even tried to holler at me.  They could have seen me out the front door all the way to my car.  I'm pretty sure it was my server who did it too because I found her and asked and she said YES it's been thrown out.  She acted a little sorry but I think she was happy to have "gotten me" for pulling up a coupon late.  So I left pissed off.  I got to my car and decided to call the manager.  I got the number and got him on the phone.  To his credit he offered to make me a new meal, but I was already down the road and didn't want to get out in the AZ heat one more time.  I didn't want free food.  I feel like taking free foods discredits the complaint to some degree.  I want to be treated better in the future.  Hopefully he spoke to her.  Grrrr... still irritated the next day.  I'd give lower than 3 stars, but it was just one 1 star day out of many visits.  I'd have given them 4 stores before today.
5	Love this place. Best sauce I have ever had. I really like this style of dining and this place does a great job. I have never had such flavorful sauce choices at any Mongolian grill ever. When they bring the food out the smell is just divine. I have been twice and both times I was super happy. Little bit pricey, but well worth it to me.
5	Love this place,  finally a place I can get as much meat as I want,  with no useless fillers... Nothing else to say...  Lots and lots of meat..  Yummy
2	This was my first time at Genghis Grill and it was a unique experience. The place is bigger than I thought it was. You can either go up to the counter and build your own bowl, have them make your custom bowl, or choose a classic bowl. We wanted to make our own, but first ordered both appetizers: Garlic-Citrus Edamame and Chicken Potstickers. I thought the edamame was a little too firm for my liking and the seasoning was ok, but not amazing. The potstickers were fine but they were almost room temperature and the dipping sauce was cold, which I didn't like. And our water tasted like dirt! I'm not even exaggerating. I took one sip and that was it. My boyfriend agreed it was terrible. The cups looked dirty too. We promptly ordered a Coke and an iced tea using the cool little electronic tablet on the table.After the appetizers, we went up to make our entrees. There were several people in the line. I got the sliced beef with garlic, salt, and pepper, carrots, and pineapple. When I got toward the end, I realized the noodles were separate and did not have to fit in the metal bowl, so I decided to go back to the start of the line to add more meat and veggies. I got more of the same, plus a few green beans, broccoli, and mandarin oranges. I also got the Island Teriyaki sauce, an egg, and selected the udon noodles. When I got back to the table to wait for the food to be delivered, I noticed they had taken our tablet away... I was disappointed cuz I thought we would actually be able to pay with it. Boo.My boyfriend's food came several minutes before mine since he didn't go back like I did. I think it confused the workers that our food wasn't together. But once I got mine, it was pretty tasty. The beef tasted like hamburger meat, which I wasn't expecting, but I like hamburger so that's alright with me. Since it's stir fry, the green beans and broccoli were crunchier than I prefer, but they still tasted good in the sauce. I also tried a bite of my boyfriend's dish. He had chicken and the 3G sauce. It didn't have a lot of flavor because he made the mistake of putting the sauce in the bowl rather than in a separate cup, so a lot of it burned off during cooking.But the regular size was a good amount of food and I was full. I wish they had the option of doing two mini-bowls so I could try two different sauces and one w/ rice, one w/ noodles. That would be cool. I don't know if I will be back to try something different. Our server was very attentive, but it wasn't a cheap meal, and with the mishaps we encountered, I'm just not sure if it's worth it to return.
1	This place sucks! They forgot to put egg in my bowl, and the sauce just tasted like spicy ketchup. My boyfriend's bowl tasted like a bowl of salt. They even had the audacity to charge a dollar for the stupid table game thingy.
5	The food here is always good. If you get a bowl, you can select the size and ingredients to your liking. There is a great selection of proteins, as well as variety of veggies and fruits to add, topped with the sauce and spices to complete the experience. They also accommodate for soy allergies, so that's a bonus!
