5	Great sound, nicely laid out space, good service, solid beers on tap... This place is a game-changer. The lounge area on the street is awesome, and opens today (and everyday) from four PM till 2 AM. The concert space is great, as well. A knee-high stage has plenty of room for large acts, while in the back of the room, tired/lame attendees can relax in the bleachers. The bathrooms, while boring,  were spotless. We'll see how long that lasts, haha. I can't WAIT to update this review with more experiences. (ESPECIALLY FOOD!!! Next week!!!!!)
5	Finally downtown has a great music venue and Crescent Ballroom could not have done a better job. From the staff to the lighting on the stage, this place is perfect! I am extremely excited about CB and the upcoming schedule with tons of great bands in store for us.
5	Me: How long have you guys been open?Bartender: About... four hours.Do you know how cool it is to go to a music venue on opening night? Very, very, cool. Why? Because everything is new. EVERYONE is new: guests, bartenders, bouncers and all. And the regulars? They don't exist yet.Last night, I had the distinct pleasure of attending the Blind Pilot concert for Crescent Ballroom's opening night. The opener, Dan Mangan, can forever take pride in being the first band to play on their stage. Lucky dudes.The venue itself has a neat layout. They have an outdoor patio with huge operable windows that open up into a hang out bar with comfy booths and tables. Just past this room, they have the main performance space, which has three levels of viewing:1- for up close and personal: on-floor standing directly in front of the stage or seating off to the left2- for non-dancers or folks who are tired of standing: bleacher seating at the back wall3- for luxury drinking: on-floor tables or at-the-bar seating inside the performance spaceThe bartenders are kick ass and thoughtful. Kick ass because they provide quick and friendly service. Thoughtful because they provided me with a super tasty drink on the fly. It went like this...Me: "What's your most citrusy drink?"Bartender: "Hm, I could do a citrusy rum or vodka."Me: "You decide."Bartender: "How about a fresh squeezed mango lemon drop, on the rocks?"Talk about citrus perfection. Furthermore, their complimentary fresh chips and salsa were mmm x 3 for the three salsas they were offering. Let's call them clear green, thick red, and colorful black. Clear green was just-right spicy, thick red was whoa-make-your-face-red spicy, and colorful black was intensely flavorful and addictive.Enough about the food though, we went for the show. The surreal-in-a-good-way lighting may or may not make you feel like you are traveling through time, just saying. The sound is pretty good. I like that the speakers hang from the ceiling. And when you're bladder needs a little break, check out the spotless bathrooms (or hopefully still spotless, since it was opening night and all).To end the night, Blind Pilot performed their final song, "3 Rounds and a Sound," on the floor, unplugged, because "it's just that kind of venue." Such an intimate and cozy place. Do visit, especially since they have some good bands coming through soon. In fact, I will already be back next week to see the Blitzen Trapper and Dawes concert.*One last thing: a bit of honor here for being the first to %!#@ in the bathroom.
5	Frankly, I think it's going to be hard to see anyone anywhere else after you see when it's done right. I was able to go to the soft opening of this place, and glad for the experience.What I liked:Great sight-lines from anywhere. The stage is a perfect size, height and shape. The room wraps around it. Good sound and lights. There were 10 people playing on stage and no difficulty fitting them on there! The bleacher concept is fab, and I like that some shows will have tables and chairs.The bartenders, especially KC, were friendly and accommodating. I notice they don't have the pour limiters you see in a lot of bars these days. Kudos.Front lounge is going to be a fantastic place to hang out even when there isn't a concert, and they're lining up some solid DJs. And food will come from Chris Bianco and Doug Robson? Yikes that's amazing. I'm so looking forward to my first concert here. Woo-hoo for the Crescent Ballroom!
5	This is the new mecca of Phoenix music. Charlie Levy who booked for the now legendary Nita's Hideaway and also the owner of Stateside Presents is the man behind it all! He is a music fan first and ... well ... that's just what he is ... a music fan not a natural businessman. The place is just beautiful (for now, soon to be broken with the wear and tear of rock and roll no doubt). The room is small ... stage big (for the size) ... no doubt this is going to be the best place in the city to see any band for a long time to come!Thank you Charlie!Music fans unite! This place MUST thrive!btw ... they have live music every single night of the week ... and they open at 4pm every day (the lounge will have musicians and DJs for your entertainment).
5	All I can say is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE that Phoenix finally has something to be proud of in it's downtown. I don't have to yearn for Portland, OR to experience great music, food and drink at a local venue, one that has great character, and a great location. The list if upcoming shows and bands is impressive. Major props to Charlie Levy for opening this great venue!
5	I haven't had a chance to see a show here, but I can't wait to.  Talking with the employees, it will be a sight to be seen.  That said, there are many shows upcoming that have my interest, and I look forward to it.I stayed for a few drinks.  They were all palatable and correct.  The decor is great - I really appreciate the handmade stuff.  The selection is pretty decent, though beers I'd say is average at best.  Being a beer person, I'm glad there's one decent pale+ here, but nothing more than that (that it's on tap helps a bit).  Somewhere around 20 beers total, four on tap, but the craft selection is a little lacking.  This happens to be a place I can order something with St. Germain though, and to me, stands out a bit.  Prices weren't crazy over the top, nor spectacular.  I imagine after food is regularly served here, the need for a happy hour will deplete (thus, I am not mentioning the very slow attendance and need for happy hour pricing).The idea of a great drink, food and music venue is so long overthought, that I think Phoenix has pretty much forgotten about it.  Finally, after so many years of wishing, someone has guts to go ahead and do it.  I got some sampling of the soon-to-be fare, and I obviously have no qualms.  The genius behind the upcoming food here is nothing to scoff at.  The music lineup seems quite eclectic, but overall tasteful and good; I can't wait to see a show here and experience it at its fullest.  From DJs to indies.  My one qualm (as with many, many other places) is the TV, and apparent need for sports playing.  I have a major aversion to sports in a bar setting.  It removes the awkwardness of silence, therefor fueling anti-socialism (where if there was no TV, the awkwardness would be filled with conversation).Overall: this place seems like it will become what we have been asking for over the last many years.  Already I can tell it has an aura of greatness.  Let's hope they keep it up, and retain their premier.
5	What fantastic people! Met the general manager and she couldn't be more genuine. Not to mention helpful. I had a question about the place she couldn't answer, and she took my number and said she would find out and let me know. Gosh.
5	Great space, great sound, great owner. Best place in Phoenix to see a band.
5	...  so you have been frustrated with the lack of any good venues in Phoenix since Nitas closed...  a gazillion years ago.Enter The Crescent Ballroom.  This place is unbelievable.  I clocked in 3 shows the opening week and was VERY impressed.When you enter the venue you are first in the front lounge area.  Two front patios pair the door and are ample size for open air drifters and proud smokers.  Inside the lounge, there is an airy feel due to the huge un obtrusive  door that open to the patios.  It is appointed with a nice piano for piano happy hour and DJs are occasionally assigned to play the hippest tunes.  From here you can enter the main room of the venue where the main acts play.  The stage is to the right and huge.  There is bleacher seating (like nice rich wood bleachers) along the left hand wall.  Straight ahead you will find another large bar...  don't worry about not getting a drink quick here.  The sound is amazing.  It is loud, but not hurt your ears loud.  Most likely due to the master crafting Sound man who is the resident there.  They spared no expense in equipping this place, because first and foremost, it is a music venue.  They take that business very seriously.The show I saw were perfectly balance and a pleasure to watch.  My favorite part about this place...  you don't get pushed out the door when the show is over.  It almost feels weird to not get herded out.   The front lounge offers up the best post show spot where show goers can chat about life, music and bikes...  I have never seen such an impressive mass of hip bikes in my life.Do yourself a favor, pick a show - any show and make a night of it at the Crescent.  It is awesome.
5	I can't say I am an expert critic at music venues by any means, but what I can say is that I love a great atmosphere and this place has just that! I went here with my sister for the Blitzen Trapper show last night. I hadn't been before but I had read some good reviews below and this place hit the marks. The place has an outdoor patio and indoor seating that make for a perfect hangout spot pre-show. They can open up the walls when the weather is nice so everything is so open and airy. I heard the food was decent, but we had dinner elsewhere so I wouldn't really know - except I was tempted at 12:00am after the show to order up one of their churros. The drinks were really good. I had the rest stop which was delicious. You can hear the music at a nice level from the outside area, but not enough to prevent conversations with friends and fellow drinkers. The venue isn't too huge so you feel like you are experiencing a pretty rockin show with everyone around you. The sound quality to me seemed great minus a few occasions where I thought the ringing of my ears wouldn't stop, but I blame the band Dawes for simply rockin the house down before the main act go on stage. There is seating in the back and on the sides so you if you don't want to stand don't worry there is plenty of room to sit. There is a bar in the back to order drinks and on the other side the band usually sets up show with their merch. There are also plenty of bathrooms in the back so don't fret if there is a long line at the front where there is only one stall. Can't wait to go back here again. FYI - if you take the light rail after 11:30pm make sure you are parked at the right spot because they don't run on the full track. We made that mistake and had to cab it the rest of the way while some poor souls had to walk.
5	A great new venue! We really needed a new music venue here, and Crescent Ballroom really delivers. Great sound quality- I saw Washed Out last night and it couldn't have sounded better.
5	Went with my daughter to the St. Vincent/Cate Le Bon show at this venue last night.  The place rocks!  The stage is large, but very accessible to the crowd.  The lighting and sound are fantastic!  It is well-staffed, and even at a sold-out show, I never had to wait long for service.  It's a beautiful example of adaptive re-use, and most decidedly exactly what downtown needs to see more!  They clearly know their audience, too.  There were two large bike racks, which we were happy to see, since we biked the short distance to the venue from home.  The lounge is also cool; I will review the kitchen separately.  It was so gratifying to see so many people walking/biking/light-railing home after the show.  If you are a fan of live music, you will most definitely want to check out The Crescent Ballroom.  Well done!
5	I can't believe what a great venue the Crescent Ballroom is. It's as if the owners/designers thought, "What do people want before, during, and after a concert?" (Then they correctly answered, "Booze, burritos, and more booze. We'll throw plenty of clean bathrooms in there for good measure.")The other night I got the chance to see St. Vincent at CB. The concert space is a great size - it fits plenty of people (even with places to sit!) - but you still get to be at one of those intimate shows where you can SEE the band. And if I'm going to a St. Vincent concert, I want to SEE the beautiful Annie Clark as she's playing. Not just a humanoid shape on a stage so far away that I can only assume that it's the band that I hear playing. If your favorite band is playing at Crescent Ballroom, do not miss the opportunity to see them at this venue. It is a great addition to downtown Phoenix with a bonus of being located only a block away from the lightrail stations. Get there early for some food and drinks too.
3	First of all, I want to establish that I love the fact that this venue now exists and I think it's got great ideas overall. The lineup has been phenomenal and non-stop so far and the location is great. I plan on seeing Phantogram as my third show there so far. I must also establish, though, that being under 21 at this venue absolutely sucks. First, you're sent to a back entrance after you get your ticket validated at the front entrance where you see people eating great food and having a great time outside. Upon entering through the back, you have three choices: go straight into the Kiddie Corral that makes up 1/4 of the whole crowd area, hang out in the dark bathroom, or check out the merch table. When I saw St. Vincent at Crescent Ballroom, I literally stood in the same spot for 30 minutes just so I could get a decent view of Annie. I couldn't move because it was so crowded and if I did move, the only view I would be able to get would've been the back of the drummer's head. Also, where I was standing, the sound was really distorted since the speakers were right above and in front of us. Everyone was wincing and plugging one of their ears to bear it; It was way too loud at least in that instance. I saw Unknown Mortal Orchestra there a few weeks prior, though, and that sounded pretty great...but the crowd was a lot smaller and thus I wasn't stuck directly in the speaker's line of fire. I asked the two security guards at the back entrance 1. What do I do if I want something to drink other than water? and 2. What do I do if I want to get something to eat? To both questions, they answered, "Just flag one of us security guards down, we'll take care of you." What, so I'm going to tell you I want something, you're going to leave your post to get me a menu, wait for me to choose, give my order to the kitchen, and then bring my food to me so I can eat it standing up in the corner of the Kiddie Corral? I don't think that's very logical, personally. I just don't understand the logic of the whole map of the place. If you're 21, I would imagine it's a fantastic experience, but I wouldn't know since I'm 18 and not allowed to see more than the upper left corner of the building. Oh, and there's no re-entry even though you're stamped and usually braceleted! It's almost unbearable when the whole place is unceasingly loud and dark and stuffed with people and there is only a corner of available space to merely move in. I pay a good amount to get in to this nice local venue, I would expect to simply be able to get back in if I want to get a breath of fresh air.
5	Love it! Great atmosphere and drink selection. Also, the menu looked amazing but we did not eat. What surprised me the most was how cheap the drinks were!!! Very reasonable. Also, the building is really cool and the atmosphere is really cool... it does not feel like the rest of Downtown Phoenix.
5	Not a single complaint about this place! We decided to bar hop a bit before heading to see Mason Jennings last night, and when we arrived at the Crescent Ballroom we were actually kinda pissed we didn't just hang out there before the show.  Here's what I liked about the place:~friendly staff~nice outdoor patio~reasonably priced drinks~an audio feed into the restaurant/bar area... this was especially nice because we didn't have to miss anything to get drinks or go to the bathroom.~plenty of seating and standing room to watch the show~a second smaller stage outside the main stage (had a guy playing as the Mason Jennings show let out).We didn't try any of the food but we're gonna try to get back here for another show as soon as we can!
4	Went here last night for the Mason Jennings concert, it was amazing!  The room was a good size, so we were right up close and personal!  Very friendly staff!I didn't have any food, but there are places to sit and have a good time before the concert.Only complaint:  I did not get an open tab, but I did get Coors all night, and each bar tender I went to charged me something different.  Kind of strange.Other than that everything was great!
5	This place is going to put PHX on the map. Wide variety of music every night! Hot bar tenders including a tall curly haired Red Head! Damn she makes a killer Margarita Fresca!!!! If this place had a happy hour I'd be there every day with my moderate drinking problem!  Haha
5	Music venue: I believe this is the best one in town. Perfect combination of intimate standing and seating areas, and the sound is awesome. Every show I've seen here has sounded fantastic. A.Parking: easy enough. Plenty of metered street parking that becomes free at 8. Pay lot across the street for $5. Also very close to the light rail stop. B+.Food: Decent. Priced right. Had the barbacoa burrito and it was pretty tasty--better than Chipotle's, anyway. Good chips/salsa too. Wouldn't go out of our way to eat here, but if you're there and you're hungry, eat up. B.Bathrooms: There is a one-seater in the lounge (sucks for the people just hanging out in the lounge--the line can get long) and a large, extremely clean one in the music venue area. Never had to wait in line or hold my breath. A.Drinks: We were there the night they were sort of creating the Honey Badger and were lucky enough to be given a free sample. Hooked. They do cocktails right there. A.Beer selection: Meh. Probably the only thing I'm going to find to complain about is the beer selection. Two bars--one in the lounge and one in the venue--and they have slightly different beers on tap. So you can get a Hoegarten in the venue but not in the lounge. They have a Sierra Nevada on tap along with a couple of Four Peaks beers and Stella (I think) and that's it for the taps. A few more crappy domestic canned selections rounds it out. I think they could do a lot better here.  You're using local chefs that use local ingredients to create menus here--why not take advantage of the local beer scene? Four Peaks is overused and overrated as far as I'm concerned, but people like it (I get it). How about some Sonoran? Prescott brewing? Nimbus?  C.End of the day--I'm thrilled this place exists. I hope it puts the Clubhouse under.
4	Finally! Phoenix has a venue to attract indie bands that I want to see without the gritty, dirty feeling you get at the Marquee Theater.  I was there opening night and two more times within the short period of time it has been open.  Great little patio/bar in the front with an intimate music venue in the back.  I was pumped that Chris Bianco was part of the menu, but honestly can't say it's anything special....so go for music but go somewhere else to eat
5	Only been here once, but I absolutely love this place. It almost feels like a wine bar when you walk in- appropriately sparse lighting, hip decor, and an openness that beckons you to relax and enjoy. The staff doesn't feel like the airport TSA, which is a welcome change from comparable Phoenix venues. Having access to real food at a show is a MAJOR plus. It's damn tasty, too.  Drinks are good, not great, but reasonably priced. The best part: probably the best sound system of any venue I've ever been to- I could hear each instrument from each band member with crystal clarity, nearly perfect balance, and tonal accuracy. The stage is clean, large, and looks like a TV showcase.Love.
4	Great place. My buddy beef vegan from Kwss 106.7 FM hosted a cd release party for Mergence, an the kongos. My first time there. Place has a great vibe, very good prices on drinks. It was a little hot in there but I guess that's to be expected with so many people watching aShow. All in all, I'd totally go back.
5	Finally, a decent room for a mid-sized club acts.  My new favorite venue.  Sound is terrific, and there's a section for under-21's if I want to take my daughter.  Nice variety of craft beers on tap or bottled.  Bleachers (hmm, interesting...) or tables if you want to sit, plenty of room in front of the stage if you want to stand. Love, love, love.
3	I love that this venue is right downtown just two blocks from where I work. They've had some great live music in the short time that they've been open. Even if you don't want to pay the cover to see the show you can still hear the tunes while sitting at the bar having a beer or righteous cocktail or two.I like the atmosphere of the place but was a little disappointed that the cocktail I paid for was at first delayed and finally not available after about ten minutes of waiting (due to lack of ingredients). I'll give the benefit of the doubt and say that they are still getting up and running but that was still a bit of a shocker.Haven't tried the food here yet but I'm eager to come back and take in some more live tunes and have a few cocktails.
5	I am so grateful this place has opened! I went to see Phantogram here a couple of weeks ago and had such a great time. As someone who often ventures to shows on her own, i felt safe here (walking in, and walking out), everyone i talked to was friendly, I even ran into some old friends and I always received prompt service both in the lounge and stage area. I loved the use of the "bleachers" to add seating you can see from. & the sound! Such a great sound system. I cannot wait to see more shows here!
5	Fun venue, saw phantogram here and really enjoyed it, spacious and sound proof, great new spot.
5	This is the venue downtown phoenix has been waiting for! Go for a show, or just to chill in the lounge and down a cocktail or two! The food is also spot on, and the service is as good as it gets! The owners went all out on the sound system and the acoustics in the main room and in the lounge... this place was built for MUSIC! PS. Try the Honey Badger!
5	Let me preface this review on my background. I own a audio and lighting company in the valley. We do concerts and other events at venues around town and for corporate gigs. Phoenix has needed a venue to the size and scope for WAY to long. I went and say Iron and Wine on december 2nd. The venue is what to be expected for a small room. The audio is great, the lighting is basic but meets the needs of a venue like this.I like how they added the raised places to sit in the back, gives people somewhere to sit if they can get to the show early enough. The bar staff was friendly, spoke with the Audio Engineer, great guy and all and all a great experience. I will be frequenting Crescent a lot more. And Sean Watson is an amazing DJ. So there!
5	What a great addition to downtown Phoenix!! Now, I have yet to see a show here but if it is anything like their bar then it is sure to be fantastic.  Exposed brick, an old piano, large windows, metal tables and dim lighting provide for an enjoyable bar experience.  There are large doors that separate the venue side from the bar area.Their strawberry cocktail (Rest Stop)  is one of my favorites drinks ever - its the right amount of flavor and alcohol without the over abundance of sugar, like most strawberry cocktails have. The Mexican food here can hold its own and is way more than just "bar food!"
5	This is what the whole valley needed for a long time.  This IS the best venue for music in town.  The size, location, decor, and food/drink are all right on the money.  Ha, you need to go, even if you don't like hanging out with the abundance of hipsters and such.   The place is way cool and needs to be the focus of an entire city renovation.
5	I love this place! Just what downtown Phx needed. Great food and a great music venue.
4	I have a confession to make. I am... A hipster. It's happened. And ya know what? I'm okay with it. We came here last night in search of PBRs and live music. We got that. And so much more. As we're standing there sipping our Champagne of Beers and someone says:"Damn, that's a really good Jimmy Eat World cover band playing."And then someone else says:"Wait a second! That IS Jimmy Eat World!"So awesome. So 2001.The atmosphere of this place is great. You have a big outdoor area with space heaters for the cancer lovers, a nice sized front area for the boozers with high top tables and low tables, also plenty of room to stand and chill. The music venue is spacious and well amped. Apparently the food is great, I would definitely give it a try next time.One star off for the minimal bathrooms. There was always a huge line.
4	Loved this venue! Definitely a great little intimate place to hear live music and up and coming bands. The staff are all really friendly and the room has good acoustics for the type and scale of performers brought to stage. The only thing that felt a little weird were the bleachers in the back... It did feel a little high school gymnasium, BUT it also created seating for a lot more people. So functionally, the bleachers were great; aesthetically, not so much.The drinks were also reasonably priced.  Didn't try the food, but the churros that came by smelled great!I'll def look for another event here.
5	$7 Tempranillo, simple munchies $2-$9, great sound, seating, and that's in the lounge. The ballroom wasn't open tonight, but the lounge was great. Non-pretentious,   ultra cool in a not-trying kind of way. Easy to find. Didn't need the bathrooms so can't report on that. Great wine selection and prices for a club. Outdoor patio for smokers. Wait service for the tables, only one person but it worked. Nice place, good sound.
2	Phoenix has a dearth of good music venues.  When Crescent Ballroom opened up, I heard great things.  I finally had the opportunity to see a show there.My first impression was great.  There is seating in the back if you need to rest, the place is intimate, the acoustics seemed good... In fact, it was great until people started showing up.The problem with Crescent is the scene.  If you want to hang out and chat (loudly) with a bunch of hipsters, it's probably the place for you.  If, however, you are there to actually listen to a live band, good luck hearing the slow songs over all the chatter.The parking situation is also pretty annoying.  You really do need exact change, and there's no other obvious place to park nearby with an actual parking attendant.In all fairness, it's really a decent little venue.  The live music is just unfortunately secondary to the social scene.
4	After 2 shows now, both on holidays, i have to say i dig this place.  The service is decent, there is rarely a wait for the bathrooms, and there are not one but 2 smoking patios.  I have been waiting for a great music venue downtown and now I have one.  PLEASE DON'T FUCK IT UP!
4	Definitley love this place. Its different but fun and great music. They bring in great musical artist like Iron and Wine, DJ Trasit etc. All different types of people are in here but the majority is hipster...to the max ha! fun place and i would def go again
4	I'm going to have to go back to add to this one, but I want to spend every weekend here!  I just wish I'd brought boots that were made for walking (or dancing).I stopped in on New Year's Ever for last call expecting a nightmare of a crowd, and after the hilarious bouncer allowed us inside, I heard the most amazing drum and bass coming from the back room.  I was immediately transported back to the late 90's when I enjoyed many a night in an abandoned Phoenix warehouse listening to local DJs spinning House, DnB and whatever other variety was happening at the time.  The crowd was mixed and accommodating and the bartenders knowledgeable.  Can't wait to go back with my dancing shoes!PS - did I mention the DJ was actually spinning vinyl?  THANK YOU!
3	I have mixed feelings about Crescent Ballroom. I have been here maybe 10 times, only 2 of those times to see a show. The times that I have seen a show, I couldn't have been more pleased. The ticket prices are reasonable, there is plenty of room to stand or even sit and see the show, the sound is top-notch, and as an added bonus there is a large bar in the stage area. When it is not extremely crowded (more on that later), the lounge area is an excellent choice to have a few drinks, smoke on their patio, and I have heard the food is pretty good, too. I have no complaints about it when it is a slower weekday night. Crescent has been extremely successful and I am very happy to see it do so well. However, on nights of popular shows, or on Saturday nights when they do Kismet, the place is packed. Like WAY too packed. Takes ages to get a drink, and once you do have it, you have to drink it while being pushed and shoved by everyone around you. My biggest complaint though, is the bathroom situation. In the lounge area, there is one toilet. For everyone. This leads to a very long line of people that have been drinking and really need to pee. Also, you're talking about drunk people here, so people have no respect and are constantly cutting in the line or using the private locking bathroom for "recreational" activities. The last time that I was there, it was a Saturday night and I was standing in line for the bathroom. I had been waiting for awhile, when 4 or 5 people rushed into the bathroom. They were in there for-EVER and when they finally opened the door, an enormous amount of pot smoke was rolling out into the main area. Ummmm...believe it or not, it's not funny to hotbox a public bathroom and some people don't actually want a contact high, jackasses.  It was absolutely disgusting having to use that bathroom afterwards. Not to mention, the bathroom there is almost always very dirty, toilet paper everywhere, and everything is always wet. It's gross. I know that Crescent can't control what its customers do, but I hope that they are making plans to add another bathroom or porta-potties or have a way for everyone to use the restrooms in the stage area, or SOMETHING because it really is my only complaint about Crescent Ballroom.
5	I'm going to take a break from my Yelping hiatus to talk about a relatively new venue that has become near and dear to my heart.  The Crescent Ballroom has become the single greatest concert venue in Phoenix.  Charlie Levy has become my indie god, as he's brought more concerts that I've been stoked about than I could ever imagine in such a short period of time.  The acoustics are perfect, the tickets are nothin', and you can get yo drink on with anything ranging from PBR to handmade gourmet concoctions.  Thank you Crescent!!
5	Great venue for live concerts!  I haven't eaten here, but I've seen a few shows.  The space is great--room to move, to sit, to people watch.  I know that people have mixed feelings about the bleachers at the back of the space, but I liked them.  They aren't intrusive, and they give you a place to sit down when you need it.  It wasn't particularly crowded for either show I saw, but the place isn't big, so that could be an issue.  A great addition to downtown.
5	The Crescent Ballroom is one of my newest favorite haunts Downtown. It's open late every night, they have a great beer selection, fantastic bands and the food is made by the owner at Gallo Blanco. You can't beat the ambiance either! Exposed brick and wood covered walls makes it feel antique and vintage while still looking fresh and new. There's always a space cleared for dancing when the DJ is working and people are always willing to jump in and have some fun.They also carry a couple of cider beers, which is great for the gluten-free beer drinkers. One caution, stay away from their famous honeybadger - because he definitely don't give a sh*t!
3	My first time here I was like, "hey this place is the bomb" and all happy about my experience.  The 2nd time I went, it did not go as well.  It made me a little embarrassed I had talked the place up!  The front door staff seemed confused on how to charge our credit card.  A manager told my friends smoking on the patio before 9:30 was not allowed.  We left the patio and I watch 5 people smoke there and the guy said nothing to them.  When we came back to the patio, my husband reached over the side to grab his drink when we were obviously on our way BACK onto the patio and the same guy who was picking and choosing who got to smoke yelled at my husband for drinking off the patio.  It hadn't even been taken off the patio or drunk yet!  I'm not trashy, I'm not an idiot, and I don't like being nit picked every 2 seconds when I'm out.  If I have to follow the rules, everyone else should too.  Maybe I didn't wear enough hipster chic that night?Beer selection is ok.  Food was ok.  Indoor venue gets 4 stars.  Parking is sometimes tricky.  All in all I'll probably be back.  I'll just expect less.
3	This is as good as it gets in Phoenix.  There are no 4/5 star spots in this town.
5	Love love love this little bar. I have now been here twice and I like it more and more every time I come. The have a small but focused food menu and tons of great drinks.  The first time I went, I ate a green chile cheeseburger that came with chips and salsa. The burger was a bit oversalted, but other than that it was very good. I also had a drink called the Pitstop which was vodka with lemon soda and strawberries, kinda like a strawbery mojito. Overall it's a great spot to enjoy an awesome patio, some drinks and (although I've yet to experience it) live music. Excited to see some music here next time I visit!
5	Terrific place to see a live show... the venue is smallish and easy to see the stage from everywhere. They even have some raised seating against the wall for people that can't see over the crowd or don't want to stand. Nice to see Phoenix area getting a venue that seems more SF or Seattle and is booking solid bands.
5	Crescent Ballroom is exactly what Downtown Phoenix needed: 1) A great music venue that attracts an eclectic mix of local, regional and national acts; 2) An Indoor/outdoor lounge, perfect for happy hours, dates, or weekend revelry; and 3) Tasty and affordable food and spirits.I bring people who don't ordinarily hang out Downtown to Crescent and they're blown away by the "cool factor." Charlie Levy did an amazing job creating the space and assembled a world-class staff. If you're a first-timer make sure you try the Honey Badger (honey bourbon, ginger beer, lime, bitters), already the bar's star, and order a massive plate of nachos from the Cocina 10 kitchen. Crescent also has a nice selection of beers on tap that they rotate, including O'Dell IPA.
5	What to eat.... Anything! It's all delicious. Before a show, get a burrito. I have had all of them. You can't go wrong. After a show, get nachos! They are killer. In fact, I'm going to get them after Twin Sister this week. I recommend getting to a show early to get a bite to eat and to get a good spot inside. It seems that most people arrive later to shows.What to drink... Honey Badger! So delicious and does the trick. Honey bourbon and ginger beer. YUM. What to see.. Any show is amazing in the ballroom... So far I have seen; CSS, tUnE yArDs, Starfucker, and Poolside. I have tickets for Twin Sister and Young the Giant. Shows are reasonable. The most I have paid for a show was $26 and the least was $5.You can also just visit without seeing a show. It's so fun to hang out in the lounge to eat and drink. Most of the time, you can still hear the show if you are sitting inside. *be aware... shows actually start an hour or two after doors open. You may have to wait.
5	The closest thing to L.A. in Phoenix!I went here with my hubby for Jen Deveroux Animal Royale fashion show.(Jen is this super cute little pink haired chica that I just wanted to invite over for tea!)Hubby & I arrived a bit early so we ordered a drink and sat in a small table. I was THRILLED that they had a Vanilla Bean rice pudding on the menu, so I ordered it!The waitress was polite and brought me this big plastic bowl with a plastic spoon and it was FILLED with rice pudding!!! And it was only $3!!It was DELISH!! My tastebuds soared!! I was sooo happy consuming this delight!Anyway....The 3 people at the table next to us were super friendly and we all chatted.In fact, everyone at this place seemed super friendly and uber fun! The crowd was this beautiful eclectic mix of gay/lesbian, punk/rock/biker/techno peop's with lots of fun and cool hairstyles, make up and fashion.We had a great time and I would highly recommend!
5	Best venue in az!
5	Great sound. Great location. Great bands. GREAT eye candy. Can't speak for the beer or the food, but if it's as good as the rest of the place, I surely won't be disappointed.
4	Innovative venue. Bleacher seating in the back is a bit odd, but it works. Dig the long bar at the far end of the hall. Excellent sound. Haven't tried the food yet, but I intend to investigate.
4	Not too shabby. I will say that the DJ on the Friday I was there rocked it out with all the latest and greatest Motown hits. The burrito I had (because I was starving) was pretty good and my malibu and pineapple was a-ok. I will have to try out the live music one of these days, but for now, you get a decent four star rating in my book!
5	I've been to the Crescent Ballroom a couple times but I've only seen one show. Let me tell you how it played out... and therefore why you should go. Through my typical dumb luck, which I am blessed to have in spades, I was able to get tickets to a show on this particular night that I needed them. I showed up late and what do you know, I walked down and took someone's seat in the front row. The singer, a blonde woman, age unknown, is like "I'm gonna free style. I hope you don't mind." So, of course, the crowd goes wild without knowing what's coming. And she starts sing a Toby Lightman song:"Did I see you winkin' or is that me thinkin'? Should I show affection to the guy in the front row? Did I see you smile 'cause you been here for a while Should I make a connection with the guy in the front row? "But you don't know where I'm from, where I belongAll you know is my nameAnd you only know what you see and that really isn't meBut I'm glad you cameDALLAS here again interrupting my own story:Now I'm thinking, is this a coincidence or am I the guy in the front row? Cause, you know, I'm the fricken guy in the front row. Ok back to the story:Her still singing..."Are you makin' passes while I'm pleasin' the masses? Well, I know all about you, you're the guy in the front rowAND THEN I SWEAR SHE LOOKS AT ME! WINKS. SHE WINKS! I of course am bright red and embarrassed. "Are you trying to distract me, while you're tying to attract me?But I what to do, about you in the front row"OK... So here's the part you're all hoping for... my emotional devastation. She finishes the song in which she say's she's glad "I" came... Asks lyrically if "I" want to hang... and at the end... She's like come here, guy in the front row. She wags her finger in the exact way you want a relatively attractive woman to wag her finger and I get up... and she bursts out laughing hysterically... and she can't stop. She's like dying of laughter. That fucking bitch is crying laughing at the stage and everyone saw me get up... fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck. She was fricking wagging her damned finger at the guy next to me... who like got up and smelled her knee. I'm sure she would have made out with him but she was still laughing. So anyway, if you want THAT kind of relationship with the artists. That's what you get. you can like see their cloven hooves if they're devil women like her. Or whatever. It's quite literally the best place in town to see a show or be the show and get seen or watch trendy people in their natural habitat.
5	Downtown needed a place like this for so long! Cool hang out, live music, good food. The combination of the three are an obvious marriage - Congratulations Crescent Ballroom, you're an instant success !
5	Best stage in Phoenix for local and/or small to medium sized acts, period. I went here for the Slackers concert (and the Twotone Lizard Kings who I actually came to see), and was really impressed.My first impression, I had to say was not really positive. It seemed like a new hipster hangout (which it somewhat is, I suppose), and because of the small lounge in the front with the small lounge stage, I thought that the venue part of things was going to also be much smaller. Well, I was wrong. The venue is huge, the stage is huge, and the sound system is absolutely amazing.I really like the layout of the venue as well. It's difficult to describe (and it probably varies), but Ill say that a little more than 3/4 of the room and half of the stage is devoted to the 21 and up crowd, while the other half of the stage is general admittance for anyone. They have a wisely located merchandise corner. The bar was very big, but out of the way enough so as not to cause "traffic" problems, and placed in such a way that by getting a drink, you will not miss a second of the show. They also serve food here, and the drinks did not seem to be wildly overpriced as they usually are at such venues. Further, there are about 5 rows of bleacher seats in the very back for those that prefer their entertainment sitting down rather than standing up. The divider between the general admittance and the drinkers is a convenient place to rest a drink or an elbow whilst enjoying the show.Everything about this place is just smart. Im a professional musician, and I will gladly advocate that this place has the best sound system in phoenix. The vibe is just right--fun and electric. The stage is big enough for a band of 10 people.Im hoping that they will embrace some heavier music in the near future, maybe a couple nights a month or something. I understand the type of crowd they are seeking, but really think they would be missing out on a resource of Arizona that has gone untapped for a long time now.I will definitely be back. Hopefully, Ill also be there soon to play their stage. If the night I had here was anything to judge by, that gig would be would be one hell of a night.
4	I was visting Phoenix from Chicago and this was the place that all the locals were telling me to check out.  I will say that I am glad that I did check it out.  Although I only checked out the lounge area.  There was a local act in the main room, asking $25 for admission.  Sorry... that's a little steep for one guy on an acoustic guitar.So the lounge it was.  The lounge area is pretty sparse, which works.  Just tables and chairs.  Apparently a DJ plays later, but we left a little before midnight an still no DJ.  Oh well, maybe next time.One suggestion, get another bathroom.  Having to wait behind a line of 5 girls is never a good thing.
4	As a concert venue - 4 stars - easy to get to, friendly staff, affordable drinks, good sound and a stream of good acts.  A welcome addition to downtown PHX.As a restaurant - 2 stars - and here's why:The Good: the guacamole appetizer - holy deliciousness.  The best I've had in a long time.  Try it.The Bad: The Ensalada Cortado - a salad with a variety of greens and corn nuts - sounds delicious but was doused in so much dressing it was almost like a soup.  Strangely sweet while at the same time void of flavor.  Who knew?The Ugly: The Al Pastor Pork Burrito - where to begin...  Mostly just beans, and more beans, surrounding a few slabs of fat-laden, hard to chew pork.  Not to be crass but this little beauty forced me to hit the restroom 4 times before noon the next day.  So I guess what I'm saying is, you have been warned.Summary: I'd go back to see a show any time however I'll be eating elsewhere first.
5	Great venue, great atmosphere and food! One of our favorite spots in the valley!
5	Downtown Phoenix needed a larger venue that could accommodate active dancers, puking drinkers, and wallflowers into a room that has a good sound system, year-round temperature control, acoustics, and good promoters.  Thank you Crescent Ballroom.  You saved the day.  Now I don't have to watch Phish in 120 degrees, turning into human bacon, paying too much for a foamy beer that is going to turn into pee water in two minutes.  Oh, and I don't even like the band anyway... because they always play in dusty-outdoor-half-empty amphitheaters with awful sound caused by rattling sheet metal and airplane noise pollution.So, when a friend asks me, "Dude, you want to spend 120 bones to see String Cheese Incident at Mesa Ampitheater?"   I am going to politely say no and go see Big Freedia from a dark corner in a cool ballroom and drink my delicious whisky and coke that only costs 5 bucks.  This venue is great for the music industry, it's great for the penny pinchers, it's great for the socialites, and it's great for Phoenix.  Charlie Sheen can't win this much with three nostrils.
5	It is about damn time we get a sweet Indie music venue in Downtown PHX.  Even when they are just rolling with a DJ the music is always setting the mood.  I have yet to try their food but it looks to be a simple and tasty menu which includes pub favorites like burgers, nachos and burritos.  Crescent is consistently packed on weekends, they manage the crowds well for one exception, the front restroom.  Only one unisex bathroom is available up in the front lounge area and on a busy night you can be in line for a bit.  Now I don't have to put up with poor venue situations like The Clubhouse or Marquee to enjoy some of the artists that are making their way into PHX.
4	I used to pass by this area all the time on my bike and remember this whole corner pretty abandoned and quiet. Then during Art Detour when trying to find my lil bro's bike tour he was leading, we passed what I thought was still a sleepy corner to find Crescent Ballroom. First impressions were great just riding by. Patio seating looked inviting and artwork hanging inside made me want to stop in, but not just yet, we had a bike ride to finish. Luckily enough, my bro suggested we stop here after the ride for some drinks. Great idea. They had plenty of local brews on tap so I got my fav Four Peaks Kiltlifter and for a small snack we ordered the trail mix. As predicted, patio seating was great! The lights on top of the building were set up to give the right about of lighting at night and our server did a great job of keeping us happy. The trail mix ($2.00) was awesome too, it came in a brown paper bag and did the job of holding us over till we ate later that evening. Although this place makes a great bar, it looks like it would make an even better music venue. That will have to be for another night, but a band was setting up, and forewarned, you have to pay extra to sit in the room the band plays, but I'm sure that's part of how the band gets paid so I can't hate on that. The Crescent Ballroom is a little off the beaten path for most visitors to downtown, so I imagine you'll see a lot of local downtowners which is great, and I hope to catch a show or grab some beers before a Suns game here again sometime.
4	Wow, I wish they had a spot like this in San Diego. We got a recommendation to come here from our server at Nobuo (http://www.yelp.com/biz/nobuo-at-teeter-house-phoenix#hrid:R79IFDF-hekGT9WR5Z5LtA), which I highly recommend, by the way. We walked to Crescent Ballroom from the restaurant and it took us maybe 15 minutes. On a rather quiet block, it was the only lively place that was protruding sound. There were so many people inside and outside and in the ongoing concert room. People were out having a good, casual time with friends while a show was going on in the next room. Although I have no idea who was playing that night, I had no interest in paying to see it. I just came to check out the scene and grab a drink. There's a lounge with a bar and an outdoor patio. I heard after the concert is over, usually a DJ comes out and spins but we didn't stay long enough for that. We sat down at a table in the lounge and probably stayed for about an hour. It was interesting to see how the Phoenix locals were, but it was awkward being there since mostly everyone else came with large groups of friends. I guess now that I think of it, Crescent Ballroom could very well be like House of Blues in SD (http://www.yelp.com/biz/house-of-blues-san-diego#hrid:Wd0QJ16zgg70FsX0vHsQGQ/src:self), but Crescent Ballroom was just a smaller venue that does it way better. It's a cool place with a good layout that I wish we had here in SD.
5	First let me say thank you to Stateside Presents for creating a music venue, in the heart of downtown Phoenix!  I was ecstatic to hear of this venue and when I went to my first show there, I was happy it lived up to all the hype.  I love the bleacher style seating in the back, for those shows you don't feel like standing at...genius idea.  Everything about this place, is the perfect size.  Chris Bianco, of Pizzeria Bianco, and Doug Robson, of Gallo Blanco (located in the Clarendon Hotel) oversee the menu here and they offer some vegan options, so it is an automatic win in my opinion!  Not a huge menu, but it is just enough.  You can eat, have a few drinks and then head in to the ballroom for the show....makes for a nice evening.  And when there isn't a show happening, it is open for business as usual and DJ's are spinning some of your favorite tunes.  All in all, I dig this place and highly recommend it.
4	The Cresent Ballroom makes me happy. We've seen We Were Promised Jetpacks (the sound was turned up so high, it pulverized my eardrums...and I like my eardrums nice and pulverized); Sergio Mendoza Y La Orkesta; Miniature Tigers and several other bands. Great small- to medium-sized venue, good sound, excellent A/C (!!!) and bleachers parallel to the stage should you decide sitting is more your style. Parking can be sketchy, only because there's a pay lot next door and there always seems to be someone sleeping on the ground in the back side of the lot. So, I recommend you get there early, park on the street and spend some time in their outstanding lounge before the show. Or you could just hit the lounge like we did last weekend. Go.
4	I happened to find out about this place because a favorite local band of mine was having a release party show at the venue right after it opened. I didn't make that show, but was familiar with the name of the venue the second time that band played, and showed up not knowing what to expect.I love the ambiance of this place. You get to really see the band up close and personal, and the sound is phenom. The environment is great for local bands and there isn't a bad spot in the place.Drinks were awesome, and the food was fantastic (and not as expensive as I had anticipated. Hell, I hadn't anticipated food, period, given it was a music venue). But of course the food would be great, considering the kitchen is overseen by Chris Bianco, who is responsible for the masterpiece that is Pizzeria Bianco.Can't say enough good stuff about this place!!!
5	Crescent Ballroom is a huge success for downtown Phoenix. The setup is surely to be copied (hopefully) by other Arizona venues. The bar makes real cocktails and is affordable. The mexican street-style food is delicious and decent quantities. The venue looks nice where it counts and keeps it minimal for a good show room. The size of the entire venue keeps things intimate but has enough room not to be unrealistic like a lot of places in downtown, phx. The sound from the few shows I have been to have all been well done.
4	great venue. horrible service. bartender ignores you and so do the waitresses.
5	This is one of the best music venues in Arizona. The bar and food plus the lounge area is perfect. Hope they get more shows and stay around.
5	Hello lova', where have you been all my life? Wow, I love this venue. Went there for the first time last night to see Face to Face acoustic and I just love the sound, the layout, the vibe. A great place to see music. This is coming from someone who worked in the indie music business for 5 years, 1.5 of those years spent touring so I've seen my share of venues. I don't know what this place would be like with a DJ or full rock band, but it was great so an acoustic act and I hope the shows I want to see coming through town play here. I also love that its a restaurant/bar. I would hang here just for dinner or drinks. Plus the bands play loud enough you can hear them from the restaurant. So I guess if the show is sold out or you are flat broke you can still hear whoever is playing.Excited to take my bf here next week for the Revival Tour.
4	Good Venue. We saw Squeeze last night (great show) and were really happy at how intimate the place was. You're never more than about 60 feet from the band, even when you're in the bathroom. It also helped that it was pretty much a douche-bag free zone but I digress. It was a 21 and older show and the lines at the bar moved along really well. Sound level was reasonable and appropriate for the space. We'll definitely be back.
5	Have really enjoyed seeing concerts at this venue.  They are now getting the word out that they are open starting at 11am for lunch, delicious guacamole and interesting burritos with locally sourced ingredients.  A nice place to relax over a quick lunch with friends.  They said there are happy hour specials so check back for those.
5	Came here Friday night after the Florence and the Machine concert. First of all I LOVE this place as a concert venue. Exactly what you need, small and intimate but good acoustics and atmosphere. Also I personally hate going to shows and feeling like the old guy (im only 27) but it seems like some of these indie shows are full of highschoolers. At crescent, they kind of separate that, so I can not feel so old. thanks.Anyway, it was 4/20 so they had free cover. We went right to the bar and got some waters (it was HOT) and beer, and a gin/tonic. All were reasonably priced in a small plastic cup. In order to go into the venue area we had to pay a $5 cover. The band this time was a Nirvana cover band, Im all for nirvana but this band...yikes. Thats okay though, the crowd was great and I definitely recommend coming here to grab drinks in the front room area, hang with friends, or even see a show. Crescent has AWESOME shows that come to it so I am definitely going to check this place out. ALSO the Burritos, i tried some from my friend, and dang. That thing is good. Definitely recommend getting a burrito here. The prices range from about $6-8. The one I tried was bean and cheese with Tillamook cheese which I love. Anyway, good crowd, decent drinks, and AWESOME concert venue. Check it out!
4	Absolutely great venue to see a show!  I attended a private party Thursday night with Edwin McCain as the performer and was so impressed.  The food was good, the space was really nice and intimate for a show and the staff seemed great!
5	Impressive! I like the seating in the back, the bar and bartenders are great, menu looked great, can't wait to try it sometime!
3	Who has one bathroom for men and women to share in a bar! This is such a big downfall for me I spent half my time waiting in line instead of hanging with my friends:( I do like the atmosphere and the vibe.
5	This place is just what the Phoenix venue doctor ordered. In the past few years, so many of Phoenix's venues have either gone out of business or decided not to have music in their establishments anymore (I'm looking at you, Modified Arts).  There are still many great venues in the area, but none that can hold the amount of people or attract big name acts like The Crescent Ballroom can. Up until this place opened people in the neighborhood were forced to either catch a show in Tempe, or worse yet drive ALL THE WAY down to Tucson to catch bands who couldn't (or didn't want to) book a show in the Valley. Not anymore though. Crescent Ballroom has saved the day!This is a great space. It's nestled inside the old F.L. Hart garage, a historic Phoenix building built in the early 1900's. When you walk up you're greeted by people enjoying their beers, smokes, and food in the outdoor seating area. Next you walk up and get your ID and Tickets (if you're catching a concert) checked by the friendly girl at the door. Once you walk in you're in the lounge, which is always free to just sit in and hang out. You can find yourself a table if you want, or just walk up to the bar and get your drink from one of the friendly bartenders.They have a pretty limited number of things you can order from their kitchen, but no matter what you order it will be delicious. I've had the nachos (yum), a burger (yummier) and the salad (yummiest). All menu items are reasonably priced and are usually a big enough portion to share with a friend. Now the music venue. It's amazing. It can hold I believe up to 500 something people. It's big enough to cram all those people into the space but also small enough to where you still feel close to the action.  I've been lucky enough to catch a few shows here and the sound quality in there is amazing. Shows are pretty reasonably priced, but if you see an act you just can't miss I would recommend buying your tickets in advance and early! The noise level in the lounge and outdoor seating area can get pretty high. If it's a busy night, don't count on being able to have a quiet, intimate conversation with your lady friend. You'll be yelling "WHAT?!?!?" at each other all night. Every time I've been to this place I've had a great time. I love Crescent Ballroom. Period.
5	Can I give six stars? Happy hour till 7Great atmosphereGreat staffVegetarian optionsFood is really good! Even if I didn't want to drink I would come just to eat.Best churro on the planet... THE PLANET!Outside seatingBest part is when there is a concert they pipe the music into the lounge area. So basically you can have a drink in the bar, talk to your friends and still listen to live music!
5	Thank you Crescent Ballroom for your gallo blanco influenced al pastor burrito stylings, the pairing of homemade ginger beer and brown, and your small - I could be somewhere other than Phoenix it is so cool - venue.
5	The Crescent Ballroom seems to metamorphose appropriately depending on the act on stage and the temperament of the crowd.  Having taken in two shows midweek on several occasions, I can only imagine how it will continue to evolve with time.But suffice it to say that any place where the diversity of the species (musical and otherwise) can coexist in peace deserves a try, especially in SandLand.
5	This is the best venue in Phoenix for live music. I'm a musician and have played 5 of my 6 last shows there. It's one of the few venues where I actually want to stick around after we load in our stuff early in the evening. They treat local acts with a lot respect and really do a great job with sound.  The bean burrito is amazing with their green salsa.  I got to experience an amazing dance party here that happened out of thin air.  It changed my life forever.
5	This casual and cool locale would likely be a 4-star venue in a city with more developed cultural outlets, but in Phoenix this venue is a much needed and thus much beloved gem. The building is an interesting re-use and has excellent acoustics. The attached bar is reasonably priced. Support the ballroom with your patronage!
4	Excellent place to see live music.This place is in a great location. Easy walking distance from other stuff downtown.  The bouncers have always been very friendly with us on our visits. The staff at the door and bar have been cool.  It's a new place with plenty of room for the acts who play there. They have bleacher seating, tables, and standing room. They have pretty good sound equipment that so far seems to work as expected.  I highly recommend it.
4	Crescent Ballroom is the first venue I can think of in Phoenix that is actually a cool place to watch live music, AND eat a satisfying meal. I was intrigued when I heard it was another place to watch a good show, but it definitely became a priority when I heard that Chris Bianco (owner of Pizzeria Bianco) and Doug Robson (owner of Gallo Blanco) were in charge of the restaurant on the other side of the door.During my first visit, we were there to support a band and only had time for chips and guac (yum), but the rest of the food looked great! I will make sure I get there with plenty of time to spare before our next trip to Crescent so i can enjoy more of what their kitchen has to offer.As far as a music venue goes, I was impressed. Great sound, and juuuust small enough to feel intimate, but big enough to accommodate a good amount of people. Bleacher seats in the back are a nice reward for people that are early to their  show.
1	I would normally rate Crescent 5 stars, but not tonight. We went early, as we normally do in order to have dinner and a few drinks before the concert. Tonight, 3/4 of the tables had reserved signs on them. We were rudely told that there was a 20 top coming in (scattered among 4 tables ?!?!?) Why is Crescent allowing reservations for a party that big on the night of a sold out show? Not the smartest call if you ask me. Others were trying to grab a bite before the show and were out of luck. Extremely irritating night at the Crescent.
3	I want SO badly to give Crescent Ballroom a 5-star review, because really it is nearly a 5-star place.First off, the concert venue is perfect for Phoenix.  It is small enough to be extremely intimate, yet large enough that you don't feel cramped and can step away almost enough to have a conversation while the music is loud.  Drinks are reasonably priced, and there are 2 bars that generally don't have a huge wait.  Did you say you could buy a burrito to eat during the concert? Heck yes!  The sound quality and lighting are both pretty good, and they bring in great local acts.  I think they have a concert nearly every night of the week, and tickets are rarely expensive.Second, the lounge area is pretty awesome.  There is never a cover to get in, and you can generally hear the concerts from there as well.  Most nights there is a DJ that plays some pretty sweet music, and people seem to always be happy.  There are a number of high-tops and tables if you want to chill, and by midnight people tend to create a little dance floor.I don't have much experience with the food here, but the burrito I had was pretty good and I've heard good things.  Check that out for yourself.So, why only 3 stars?  The big reason is the smoking.  Crescent has a sizable patio area in the front of the building, and it draws quite the hipster crowd.  I love hipsters.  But I hate hate hate how much they smoke.  Every single person on the patio is smoking at all times.  The problem here?  The patio has giant doors that open the lounge up to the outside, and the hipsters are essentially smoking inside.  Not in 2012, not in my book.  It kills me.Reason number two for the star-deduction: what is wrong with the grapefruit juice here?  I've been told by every bartender that it's fresh-squeezed, and I have no reason to doubt that.  But seriously, there is something major wrong with it.  I've tried it with all of my favorite vodkas, and it just fails each time.So, here's what you do.  Drop by one night, they're open until 2am every night.  Check out a concert if you can, for $10 who really cares if you know them or not.  Grab a drink at the bar and stay as far from the patio as you can.  And grab an Odell IPA, they never disappoint.
5	The bathrooms are really boring. That's literally the only less-than-fantastic thing I could come up with. Everything else is spot on: Medium-sized space that feels intimate but not cramped; great sound equipment; stage is the perfect height; bleachers in the back of the room; 2 bars run by friendly people & phenomenal food.If you haven't been: check out their calendar and try to make it in soon. Or if you'd rather just grab a bite and skip the show, you can go into the front section ("The Lounge") and just eat and have a drink without buying a ticket. I recommend the nachos.
5	The Crescent Ballroom is one of the best concert venues in Phoenix. The set up is great, you walk in to a nice modern dining area where you can have pre-drinks and food before entering in to the actual venue. The Ballroom itself is small, but well set up with stadium seating along the walls. The  under 21 area is also small and doesn't take away from the viewing pleasure of all the drunkards like some other places. I have yet to try the food, but they do $5 beer and burritos on Fridays and I have heard rave reviews. This place rocks and I hope it stays this way. We need more venues like this in Phoenix!
5	Finally, a music venue in Phoenix that encourages local bands as well as national acts. Intimate feel and "Smells like Team Spirit" bleachers and wait for it, AWESOME BATHROOMS, ladies don't wait in ridiculous lines any longer! Perfect to light rail too, so convenient. Can't say anything bad about Crescent! Now I hear they are doing FREE Sundays in Summer, super bad.
2	I saw a really great show here with my girlfriend and friend.  The venue itself, I think, has too many bizarre rules and they are pretty disorganized.Going to take a piss, I'd just bought a beer and, hey, I kinda like pissing with a beer.  It's fun!  Above the urinals they have these metal deals that are perfect for setting a drink on, in fact I can't think of a single other application in which they might come in handy.  As I walk in, this security dude goes, "Hey!  You can't bring your beer in there," and I'm like, "Well, I'm gonna set it down right here, then..." when I came out, fuck, my beer was gone and so was the security dude.  Thanks, asshole, this place doesn't charge you up the ass for a drink or anything, anyway...Later on that night, the bar lost my friend's ATM card, and as she periodically checked the balance, she saw that at least one charge she wasn't present for at $2 went through.  Lovely.The venue itself is fine, in terms of set up.  It could stand to be bigger, because this fucker gets packed to the gills, and apparently it gets ten times more packed than it was when I saw it.
5	I wasn't aware that the phrase 'Downtown Douchebags' existed. While fellow Phoenix brethren enjoy utilizing expressions such as 'Chandler Trash' or 'Scottsdale Douchebags', I was surprised when a friend of a friend inquired if Crescent Ballroom was indeed "where all the downtown douchebags hung out." While I think it's quite normal to find douchey people across the wide spectrum of AZ, I found this particular term a bit of a misnomer. I think utopian would have been a more appropriate word to replace downtown, which was simply too broad in scope. Even so, I don't think that Crescent Ballroom has the utopian vibe associated with some local Phx spots; it's an entirely different experience.The crowd at Crescent is diverse and impressive, and the variety in music is overwhelming. We've rocked out with the Tune-Yards, experienced the nautical dreamy music of Active Child, established rapport on the patio with Black Carl and complained about the sound issues of Portugal. The Man. We've regretted missing shows like St. Vincent, Geographer, Manchester Orchestra and M83. In September, Yeasayer is coming to Crescent. I never would have imagined finding a venue in Phoenix where I could see ALL of these bands play. I think the saddest part of that last statement is I never expected these to be the bands that I would want to see live. Sometimes, after shows have ended, they have a DJ come out and play songs that I recognize because I shop at Urban Outfitters and then I proceed to destroy everyone on the dance floor. It would be unacceptable to review Crescent without mentioning the food. I have consumed all of their burritos, their hamburger and cheese crisp (I add MEAT) and can confirm that the ingredients used for these items were cultivated and prepared by the Pagan gods that I will continue to worship. Beer selection is fairly adequate since I can order Hop Knot in a can. Prices for drinks are pretty normal and the price for shows will vary depending on a scale of one to Bon Jovi. Lastly, there are a lot of parking and places to lock your bike which is very important to me because I ride a neon green fixed gear since I'm a Downtown Douchebag.
4	Only been here once for the Portland Cello Project, but it was great! The venue itself is understated, but very comfortable. Bleacher seating inside and general standing space. The front area is a lounge and restaurant. Dimly lit. The age group the night we were there was diverse. Definitely a hipster hangout, but if you can look past that, it's a nice hangout. The size of the venue is appropriate for lesser known, indie groups and smaller projects. Definitely looking forward to going to more shows here!
4	It's hipsteriffic. I knew by the way the tenspeeds were racked that this would be a PBR-and-plaid sort of place, and I wasn't disappointed.What I liked about it: The DJ was loud as hell but isolated to the front lounge section. If there's no band playing in the ballroom part, one can wander back there to have an actual conversation. Also, no cover.What I didn't like about it: I don't think there was much vodka in that vodka tonic.Still, not a bad place to hang out. Some nice eye-candy and it's within walking distance to Seamus McAffrey's and Hanny's.
5	I love coming to Crescent mostly because I get to hang out with loved ones when I'm here. My bf's hipster brother lives closeby and we don't get to see him often, so I've always had a good time catching up with him here. We've always sat outside in the patio area and I love it. You can hear the live music from outside but you can still have a conversation without yelling. The servers are super friendly and always bring drinks out fast. I recommend getting some trail mix to munch on with some beers.
5	Ok. So I have lived in smaller cities that have excellent places to see live music & I have lived in large cities that have an awful live music scene & pretty much no-where for it to happen. I don't think people realize how good they have it here! This place is fantastic! There is a large dance area plus bleacher-style seating around the back wall so a person can sit but still see. The employees I encountered were all really nice, friendly, and helpful. I was on a rolling scooter when I went due to a recent surgery & everyone was accommodating (which shocked me since I WAS putting myself in the position of being in a crowded music venue), no one ran into me or fell on top of me, and I could see the bands the whole time. What I was most impressed about was that it was a 16+ show. My 17 year old little sister was in town visiting & wanted to go dancing & I couldn't find any other place other than the Crescent Ballroom that had a live show she could go to. Normally, I would have seen it as a negative to have a bunch of little kids at a show but the Crescent does a great job of keeping the under 21 separated AND they got to be right up front. Great idea! No alcohol directly up front, but outside of the little separator gate you can drink all you want. The only negative was that it did seem like there were a lot of complainey people in the crowd that didn't seem to want to be there. Weird. Maybe that's the cool thing with certain groups/ages- to go to things and pretend you don't like it but stay anyway. It was a pretty diverse crowd in general though, which is always great.
5	This is the venue you go to when you graduate from being almost trampled to death by 16-year-olds at Marquee Theater. Love, love, LOVE this place. The ballroom is fabulous. It has great acoustics, it doesn't get groggy and hot, the bathrooms are always clean, and the bar is a nice size - I've never had to wait behind two rows of people trying to grab a drink during a show. There's a "pit" area as well as stadium bench seating and no matter where you choose to sit/stand you can both see and hear perfectly well - something I as a petite 5'3" girl can really appreciate.I also love the restaurant half of the place. It's a great during-the-week hang out to grab a few cocktails and watch an acoustic set in the dining area. The food is surprisingly delicious - I had the bean & cheese burro w/ veggies. Sounds like nothing special but the toasted tortilla and smokey, creamy chipotle salsa really had me feeling better about spending $8 on a bean and cheese burrito. And it's an added bonus (for me at least) that they have churros for dessert. Can't beat cinnamon & sugar fried bread dipped in cajeta (thick caramel sauce made from goat's milk). SO GOOD.Affordable shows (with some really great lineups) , good food, and booze. Need I say more?
4	I LOVE the food, music and specialty drinks here.  The only thing that could possibly influence me to take away a star from my review is the fact that the service we have received every time we've eaten here has been terrible.  We had the same server each time.  She told us the wrong drink specials for the day the first time.  The second time she had no idea that half the beers they have were out of stock because they had a busy weekend and hadn't gotten another shipment in.  She acts like she doesn't care about her job or the customers and she disappears frequently for 5-10 minutes at a time.  Maybe if we got another server I'd give this place 5 stars.
5	El pastor Burrito, a cold Tequila Fresca, live music, and top it off with a hot churro! My favorite music venue in AZ by far!Been here on several occasions and every visit has passed my expectations. The food is delicious and affordable. The specialty drinks are unique and kickass; however slightly more expensive. There is ample seating both in the lounge and music venue area, and there really is no bad seat in the house.The scene is very diverse but leans more towards the hipster side; however this all depends on who is playing. The audio quality is above average in the music venue area, and the small setting makes for a very intimate show.Highly suggest this place and I hope it is here for as long as I am!
3	Went to crescent ballroom a few months ago and haven't been back. Here's why:My boyfriend and I are both East Coast transplants. We had been to old town and were in search of a spot a little less...plastic? We found that at Crescent Ballroom. We liked that it was laid-back, has live music and cold beer. We posted up at a table and asked for a server. The kind lady said that we would have to get our drinks from the bar. So we started a tab and had a couple beers while watching Dylan Pratt. He was really fantastic and I would love to see him again. We ordered some nachos and continued to watch the show. Nachos never showed so we assumed she forgot to order them for us. No biggy. We were ready to leave and asked for the tab. Upon seeing the nachos still listed on the bill, I reminded her that we never actually had them. It's 3 or 4 bucks so whatever, right? But I don't make it a habit of paying for something I ordered but never received. The server/bartender/non-food deliverer says,"I told you that you would have to come to the bar for your drinks and food." Me-"I understand. But couldn't you have tapped on my shoulder to say that the food was up?" She refused to take the nachos of the bill. Girlfriend wants to play hardball. That's cool too. I asked to speak the manager. The manager says, "Didn't you understand that you would have to get your food from the bar?" And...then...I lost it. Me-"Are you kidding? Yes, but I find it a little ridiculous that our food sat up on the bar while we were watching the show and no one could let us know it was ready? Or just drop it off to us. Aren't you the manager? Isn't it your job to make sure things like that don't happen?"Manager-"Let's step outside and talk about this. You are disturbing the other customers."So funny. Haha, I felt literally felt like Ben Stiller in the "bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb!" scene of Meet the Parents. Only I wasn't dealing with a chirpy flight attendant. It was worse...I was dealing with a hipster. I get it. You are cooler than me in many ways. You're not wearing a bra and you read more books and watch more indie movies than I do. But I'm your customer, a first time customer who decided to spend my hard earned money and my valued personal time at your establishment. Have some respect for that. Take the $3 hit and let me leave your restaurant wanting to return. After spending 9 years in the restaurant industry, I know when to tell a customer "Sorry for the inconvenience, let me take it off your tab." I tip 20% or more on good service. Even if my food sucks. I don't tip 20% on lazy or pretentious service.
3	They have great bands that play here , but its too small of a venue to hear music.
5	The food here is amazing and the staff is friendly! I'd recommend coming here for lunch because they have great lunch specials and the atmosphere is always relaxed.
5	Whether I'm here to see a show or not, I'm a pretty big fan of Crescent. It's become the default downtown bar for my friends and I, actually.I'm a pretty big fan of live music, and whoever is booking shows at this place is doing a great job. It's a medium sized venue, and they do a pretty good job of finding bands that will fill the place, but that generally won't sell out in 10 minutes. (They cater to the local music & indie-rock crowd, mostly.) The shows generally range from $8 - $15, depending on who's playing.One of the things I really like is that they have a front bar & patio that you can hang out  and have drinks, and not go into the show so you don't have to pay a cover. (they have inner doors separating the show area front the front bar area.)Yes, this place tends to draw a more indie-hipster crowd than, say, a scottsdale bar... but I've always found the crowd to be enjoyably diverse in both age & style. I mean, I'm a 31 yr old dude that wears jeans & button-down shirts, and I've never been shunned or mocked by a gaggle of skinny-jean wearing ruffians. (also, a lot of it depends on what bend they have playing that day.) And, there's always plenty of cute girls. So there's that.(last note: drink prices are pretty standard. $5 bucks for a Guinness, $4 or $5 for a cocktail. God knows for PBR. No one should drink that swill. Also, if they have Sangria, beware - taste great, good price, not much booze.)
4	If I didn't live so far away, Crescent would probably be my regular hangout for just about anything - eating, drinking, live music, whatever.Sure, it's pretty hipsteriffic - but that's to be expected. The venue caters largely to local and indie music, but it's nothing like several other cheap, run-down shack "venues" in the valley (cough). It's new, clean, and fairly organized; a little small, but I prefer it that way, because I hate being in huge crowds at shows. I haven't heard of half the bands who come here, because I'm not that cool, but they'll have a bigger act once in a while, and the concerts I HAVE seen here are fantastic. Great sound, great views, and great atmosphere.What has bothered me, unfortunately, is the service at the bar and patio. Both times I've been here and ordered food and drinks, I've been pretty frustrated with how inattentive the servers are. Yes, we get it, you're busy - but I've worked in the restaurant biz, and all I can say is that if you can't handle it, don't be a server. Being busy is not a good excuse to forget to bring items, make us wait 15 minutes for checks after asking, and then screw up said checks. Something along these lines has happened on each visit. Might just be bad luck. I'd really love to come here sometime when it's not packed before a show, because the food and drinks are surprisingly good. It looks like they have some great specials throughout the week, too.But negatives aside, Crescent is fun, reasonably priced, and refreshingly different. I like the set-up (the venue being separate from the dining area/bar/patio, plus both standing and sitting areas for shows) and the relaxed environment. Overall it's a chill place to hear some good tunes and hang out with friends. It's like a breath of fresh air amongst a sea of dark, dingy, overpriced venues in the Phoenix area.
5	Good food, good drink selection - can't complain about that.Then you walk into the venue, and it's all sorts of fantastic.  Bleacher seating if you wanna chill. Places to put your food and drink if you want to mill about.  The place is pretty small so if your favorite band comes through here it's a MUST that you check them out - very intimate.Another bar towards the back is pretty accessible and the bathrooms are never a hassle.
4	Great additon to downtown..been there couple of times I really like it. Saw Reggie Watts seating was a little uncomfortable. But it was awesome they even booked someone like Reggie Watts. I like the fact they have national acts as well as local. I really really do like the place. Yummy drinks and decent prices!
4	Likes:-Cheaper drinks than most bars in Phoenix (cough-ihatecopperbluesprices-cough)-Hearing music playing in the venue area-Not being rushed to leave tables and you can hang in here awhileDislikes:-1 stall bathroom for women (and men apparently?) I know they probably don't have the room, but it really sucks when someone takes more than 5 min. and you are waiting-Brought in a coupon that apparently was "not approved by them" but on a top coupon site. I got a "well fine.. we will honor it this time, but only on one drink. you can't use that here again, we don't approve those coupons" I felt like a criminal. Just posting a sign about coupons would be a good idea-The way the bar is set up with a crooked line to order a drink, you got to just grab the bartenders attention. I wish the had a system because it makes it difficult when it is busy
4	I went here to catch up with a friend who just moved here from Seattle. We both really liked this place! I like that they have free music shows sometimes and the food is good (not the best food ever, but good). When we went, they had 5$ Sangria and it was really tasty. I got the carne asada burrito and I liked the flavor, but the meat pieces were a little too small and it was a little too beany BUT I enjoyed it. I would definitely go back.
3	I really like this place. I've been 5 or 6 times and have brought fairly large parties with me every time. The music is good, the atmosphere is good, burritos are good, the chips are less than medium, the drinks and churros are really awesome, but I just keep getting served by the meanest waitress in the industry.I politely told her that she charged us twice for a single PBR. She hates to hear this. She ripped the bills out of our hands, threw them down on the table next to us and yelled at us (there was a clear and definite raising of the voice) that she slipped the whole bill in with one person's individual bill as well. This lady really needs to lose the 'tude. But the joke's on me, because I'll be back. I guess I don't care if you yell at me, just as long as you keep feeding me churros and whiskey drinks.
5	This is one of the best mid-sized music venues I have been to in years. The bartenders were friendly and attentive, and they seem to run a tight ship there. I plan on going back to try the food at some point. The interior is very nicely decorated, the stage is more spacious than most stages at similar venues, and they actually believe in leaving the air conditioning on when a band is playing! Trust me, it was much appreciated. I plan on being back, and soon!
5	I love this place.  Great small to medium-sized venue.  It is a good reason to experience downtown Phoenix.  You can take the light rail right to Van Buren and Central, and it is only two very short city blocks west.  There are many restaurants within walking distance, so it was easy to make a whole night of going to a show.The show we saw was sold out, and yet it was very comfortable to be inside.  There was plenty of room to see the bands, and you could easily get a drink at the bar without too long of a wait or extra effort.The drinks were priced reasonably.  I drank Tanqueray and tonic for $6 each and the wife had Stella Artois for $5 each.  The cheapest drinks were cans of PBR for $3 each.  They serve food, but we had just eaten at the Arrogant Butcher-- however I have heard they have a decent kitchen from a well respected source.The floorplan is set up very well.  There are two entrances, east and west.  On the east side there is a lounge and dining area with restrooms and a bar.  Through a set of double doors is the stage area that has bleacher type seating in the back and plenty of standing room in the front.  The west entrance appears to be for the under 21 set during all ages shows.   Having the two entrances makes for a very quick and organized egress, which is convenient and safe.   There is a long bar along the west  wall, another set of restrooms, and an area dedicated for band merch, which was nice because we were able to talk to the opening act while they sold their own records and t-shirts.  The place is air-conditioned quite nicely.  The bathrooms were reasonably clean for how many people were there.Overall this is a little gem in downtown Phoenix that makes me excited to get out and and actually be part of the small-but-great Phoenix night-life.
5	I remember when I was in high school and we'd go see live music at small venues like the Mason Jar and Electric Ballroom.  It was great to be intimate with my favorite musicians.  Those venues are long gone and I've seen many shows since then at large venues or small venues that just didn't have it right... Those small venues being bars or clubs that moved some tables or have a stage but a terrible sound system.  The Crescent Ballroom is everything I want from a small music venue.There is sufficient patio seating for the smokers to have their breaks.  There is also a large main bar area with seating for those dining.  This area is awesome and always open to everyone who just want to hang out downtown where delicious vodka and tasty nachos are served.  You can then enter the large space where the concerts are held.  There is plenty of standing room and plenty of stair seating (think high school gym bleachers).  There is a large bar in that area so you don't have to leave the music to get a drink.  I recommend finding a spot in the standing area in the middle.  Find those speakers and stand below them.  They have an amazing sound system where you hear and feel the music.  I hear they always have some musician playing either in the small or large area of the property.  It's great to have live music as an option every day of the week.
5	This is hands down the coolest concert venue you can experience in Phoenix. They have great artists, a great sound system, a great layout, great food, great djs on the weekends... it's just the best! Definitely worth checking out with a group of friends.There's only two things I dislike about this place A. The view of a parking garage when sitting on the patios, and B. the fact that they coral the under 21 crowd during shows. It often means my group gets split up. I know plenty of venues that don't corner off the under 21 crowd, so idk why crescent does.But those are minor complaints. This place is awesome!
4	Amazing vibe and great people and drinks.  This is my absolute favorite music venue.  It can get a little loud in the dining area, and it's almost always crowded when we go, so seating isn't always optimal.  However, the food and ambiance make up any shortcomings.  We go sometimes just for the guacamole - definitely some of the best I've ever had in my life.  I also love the seating inside the venue itself - it's comfortable and intimate.  I've seen a few of my favorite acts here and every time I always leave happy with the venue, the management, and the crowd.  It's a great location and I wish there were more venues like this.  I'm glad Phoenix has something like this to boast.
5	It really doesn't get any better than Crescent! I have been saving up all these wonderful things to say in a review about Crescent Ballroom but, if I wait any longer I will never write it...Every show, every experience at the bar, every encounter with the staff, it all just gets better all the time. Something in the water perhaps? This venue is the tits! The show room is so intimate. You can get up close and personal with your favourite artists or chill back in the stadium bleachers There's not a bad spot to stop and listen in the whole place. The sound, the lights, the temperature! Its all oddly perfect. You are never really standing on top of someone else and I really love that. But some sold out shows do get packed.Los Dias de la Crescent was such a stand out event for me this past year. Really a unique experience at a venue other than a park. They have a good beer selection! Though they don't have Hop Knot on tap I can order it in a can or, in lieu, grab an Odells on draft. I have not had a chance to order food from the cocina but I have tried the nachos and they do not disappoint!I try to see at least two shows a month here. No reason not to! So many great artist and at such an intimate venue. Stop over at Stinkweeds, pick up some tickets and get your bottom to a show!
5	The Crescent Ballroom is probably my absolute favorite place to see a show! It's very spacious, yet intimate. The sound system and acoustics *R*O*C*K*!!!!! The staff has always been really friendly and deliver the utmost in professional service. The layout includes all that you could want in the way of two bars, ballroom, restaurant, indoor/outdoor seating and the place has never given me so much as one reason to complain. Even the bathrooms are always in tip-top. What's more is that the place, as well as the performances booked there, attract a very interesting, eclectic and amiable group of people and I've met someone new and cool everytime I've been there. In short: *L*O*V*E* it!!!!!
5	Nice, large new venue, & decently priced. Sorry Marquee, I dont care to pay $25.00 to see local bands play.Lots of seating in the front bar and a pretty nice patio. Loved that there is seating in the actual venue AND that if you use it, you can still see the bands!they have some pretty tasty cocktails on the menu here that are available at the bar inside the actual venue or the regular bar.The staff seemed to be very courteous, even w/ it being SO busy while we were there.Depending on who's playing, we'll likely be back!
4	I threw up in the bathroom.
5	The crescent ballroom is awesome. I went once with my husband to a hip hop show, and I loved the way it was set up. We hung out outside for a while, loved seeing everyone who walked up right in front. The restaurant section is cool, we want to go some time during the day. The drinks were really reasonable and the bartender was great. The venue is a good size, and everything was set up really well.I went one other time for a private event, which I did not know about previously. They had the restaurant and venue part shut off from each other and the guest's at the event didn't even realize there was another side.  I would definitely book this place up if I needed an awesome location and wanted to hire a live band to play. It was perfect.
4	I came here for March Fourth Marching Band. The boyfriend gave it 3.5 but any place that serves hard cider is a winner. The venue has good music and nice bleachers (although it is hard to see if you are on the first two levels). Lively crowd on a Friday, serves food, two bathroom options, and indoor/outdoor bar/eats outside the venue. Hipster vibe.
5	Really like this bar. It's very hipster, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Just some information for those who think Yelp is God. I love the setup of this place. Nice little patio outside on both sides, average-sized bar area, and then a separate room for shows. I really like seeing shows here. The sound system is great and they even have an area to sit if you don't feel like standing. The drinks are cheap and strong. I've only had their salsa (very good) so can't say much about the food, but I've heard good things. The music is always popping here and Sean Watson makes me smile when he goes on. He played Chromeo's "Tenderoni" one time when I was there and I danced so hard I nearly vomited.If there's a spot you should hit when downtown, it's Crescent.
5	I love everything about this place. It would be a cool venue in any city, but considering it is the the entertainment wasteland that is Phoenix, the Crescent Ballroom is exceptional.Most of the shows I've gone to in the past year have been either here or at the Marquee. Talk about opposite ends of the spectrum! Compare the friendly staff to the surly workers at the Marquee. The wonderful temperature control versus the sweltering heat. The clean, plentiful bathrooms instead of cesspool restrooms. And what about the free water stations, great cocktails, stadium seats, and a damn tasty veggie burro big enough for two?All of these great elements make Crescent Ballroom a shining star in Cen Pho. In a town where venue after venue is shutting down, I couldn't be happier that this place is thriving.
5	I love Crescent - it's one of my resident third places.  They get great headliners and put on a wonderful two-day music festival for Dias de la Crescent in the summer (I sincerely hope this becomes a standing music festival in the Valley.)  I went to the Halloween Ball and New Year's Eve party where there was free cover and some terrific DJs.  The staff is terrific - the bouncers do a great job with crowd control and you can always get a bartenders attention.  Bathrooms are always clean and the lines usually move pretty quickly.  Drinks are reasonably priced ($4 g&ts) and they make some wonderful house creations such as the "Honeybadger."  Also, it attracts a great blend of people. You can wear just about anything and fit in. I have so many fond memories of this place and will continue to frequent it.  Crescent Ballroom is one of the coolest venues in Phoenix!
5	Hands down, my absolute favorite venue in all of the Valley.I've seen about 6 or 7 shows here now.  It's a very intimate place, where even from the seating (stadium bleachers, for reals) you are still very much "there".  Pricing, including fees, are very reasonable.  I've rarely paid over $20 for a show, and one at that price even included the artist's new album (thanks, Donovan Frankenreiter!)The food looks and smells delicious, though I've never ordered any yet. Plenty of lunch specials are advertised via Facebook.  Yes, I am a Facebook fan as well!  I appreciate the help-yourself water and cups, so that the wait for drinks at the bar is not held up by a request for 10 waters. Mixed drinks (vodka press, at least) are an extremely reasonable $4 or $5.  Crazy cheap for a music venue. Beer selection is well-thought out as well.Bathrooms are always clean and well-stocked...even at the end of the night.  Practically a miracle.Staff is super friendly. Seriously.  This place has no flaws!Parking is always an easy $5 cash payment at the lot across the street.  Easily accessible to the PHX Light Rail as well, but I've only gone that route once.I notice most other reviews have lots of hipster references.  Can't say that I notice a huge influx of hipsters here versus other similarly sized music venues.  Could that mean that...I am.. *gasp*..a hipster myself?  Uhhh...I say nah...only because I don't own enough hats or mustache-inspired clothing/accessories to quality.  Yet.
5	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food9 Drinks8 Service10 Atmosphere8 ValueCrescent is versatile, community-oriented, and delicious.  Interestingly, no single element of Crescent really blows me away, but rather it's a perfectly balanced and integrated effort which leads to a faultless and complete package.Unfortunately, it's kind of an island with absolutely nothing else around it which simply adds to downtown's unexplorability, but the place itself is stellar.  The outdoor patio area is just right, despite staring at a giant parking garage.  While my favorite meal is the nachos with a Honey Badger, everything I've had has been good.
4	I really really like this spot, it reminds me of some hipster and cool spots throughout Brooklyn, NYC.  It is a cool live music venue meets Mexican restaurant.  The beers are tap are delicious and cheap in price.I saw a very very good local band play during my first visit and the DJ in the front room always plays hot and upbeat music.I love the crowd, the drinks, the music, and the vibe!!
4	This is a fun place to see a show or grab a drink.  So glad it opened in downtown Phoenix!
5	This is the best Bar, Music Venue in the Valley!  The waitress, bartenders are really friendly and good with getting you your order fast and accurate.  The Atmosphere here is amazing.  The mexican food here is amazing!
5	Such an incredible addition to Arizona. We are so lucky to have this place. I always order the nachos..
3	Stopped in here on a Saturday and it had a decent crowd. I like the small patio where you can enjoy the great Phoenix weather. The location is good too - in downtown near a lot of the sports venues etc.
4	I have been here 5 times now and have had a great experience every time.  The last show I saw there was Pinback and it was quite a good show.  What I thought was really cool was that Dry River Yacht Club was playing in the front room prior to the headliner.  The patio is great for hanging out and enjoying the weather, although it can get crowded.  Nice and intimate place to hear live music.  Not too big.  Great beer on tap and in cans and bottles.  I have heard good things about the food but haven't tried it yet.  It is definitely a place I will return to again and again.
3	I really like everything overall, but two things...the parking and how crowded it gets. But overall if it's a band your going to see, very nice for that.
1	Huge disappointment! I think they sold 2000 tickets for a 500 person venue. No room to move around. I had to wait in line for 20min just to move from the front part to the middle part of the venue. Then I had to wait another 10 min to get to the back. ....And now I just got kicked out for what I don't know. I asked the doorman what I did and he said "I can't tell you" I asked him again what I did so I don't do it again and his response was "we can do this the easy way or the hard way".... wow! Is this how an owner of a fine restaurant, "Pizza Bianca" runs an establishment? I'm sad to have to post this because I have heard nothing but good "word of mouth" about The Crescent. But after tonight I can see that they do not have a properly run business. THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!!!.... In my opinion.
5	In town on business & stopped in for dinner and music on a Monday in Feb.  Food was great, establishment had character, waitress was cool, 3 free bands with places to sit or dance.  Highly recommended for a night out.
1	Lots of raves about the entertainment and ambiance here.  No doubt all deserved.  But I have to give this place 1 star, and that excludes all that.  I went here one evening shortly before a show started.  I walked to the bar, with my wife in tow, and stood there....for about 10 minutes.   Other parties came and went, and the obviously busy bar-tenders attention swiveled between service calls and new arrivals, typically young women coming up to order...but they apparently never noticed us standing quietly directly in the center of the bar waiting to order.Now this is a hard rule with me.  Ignore me, intentionally or not, fail to greet me and ask me if I want anything, within some reasonably decent time, and that place is forever off the 'go there' list.  We turned and left without a word, adding this otherwise interesting venue forever on the 'waste of time' list, along with a very small group of other places that fail to notice human beings standing four feet from them as if they weren't even there.  Trendy and 'cool' and 'hipster' do not begin to cover unconscionably rude and insulting, and pretentious comes more to mind under the circumstances.  If you are too busy to serve would be patrons, you're heading for trouble.
5	This is a great venue to see live music, in a semi-intimate setting and a good design.  They pull in many acts that are perfect to see in this size venue.
4	As far as venues go this is the place to catch a show!!!! Great space makes for awesome interaction with the groups! They bring in some lesser known amazing indie artists! The selection of beer is descent for a show venue.  The front bar seems like a really cool place but I rarely stay with all the other cool places downtown.  The DJ sound setup seems to need some work.  The music was pretty distorted.
5	This venue works as a bar, a restaurant and for live music. We went for drinks and to see Billy Bragg play. I really enjoyed myself from the moment we got here. Great people watching, good drinks, good service, and the show was top notch (lighting and sound). I will return to sample the grub soon.
5	Great venue, also a really nice place to hang out and grab some drinks and food.
4	Great music , drinks and food. Even though I didn't see the show that night, the place screams, "why aren't there more places like this in downtown Phoenix!" Best thing, it's less the two blocks off the Van Buren light rail stop!!Will keep going!
4	Seriously, this place rocks. Great venue, pretty darn good drinks and food. Service is also pretty good and atmosphere (for Phoenix) is fantastic. Extremely hip, and has quite the variety of concerts. While I have not been inside the main stage area, you can here the music throughout the venue/restaurant. Fantastic deals on happy hour- recommend the Honey Badger if you're a fan of ginger beer, ginger whiskeys, etc etc. As always I wish the drinks were a bit stronger but that's just how bars go I'd say. My one complaint is that I was really hassled at the entrance on being 21. I have a CA vertical ID, so I guess in AZ that looks a bit suspicious, but seriously?! You need to go check for five minutes, make me move into the light, shine a flashlight in my face, and question me repeatedly? I get you have a job but bro, chill. Can't you just swipe it in the computer or something?That being said, for having only been in the PHX area for a couple months, so far this is my favorite place for drinks.
4	Came to Phoenix from San Francisco specifically for a show at the Crescent Ballroom - and what an awesome venue. Love the outdoor seating and the drinks were great. They poured hefty servings of Glenlivet 12 and their Crescent Crush house cocktail - their take on a Greyhound - and served in a pint glass was dangerously delicious. The ballroom was perfect - small and loud. Definitely coming back.
5	My favorite venue in Phoenix, if not the world. Prices are fantastic, staff is generally friendly, sound system is amazing. Most of all, whoever is in charge of booking has some of the best music taste on this planet. I love that they bring in acts that are experimental, weird and crazy, not to mention the many popular "hipster" acts. Security folks treat you decent and I don't feel like I'd ever have a problem with them. Food is pretty good, not the best, but I'm more happy with their drink selection and price range. It's always a privilege to come here and I hope other venues take note.
5	What a great venue! It's as if someone said to themselves "perhaps we shouldn't do everything as cheap as humanly possible, they'll come anyway". Instead, real thought went into basics like the vibe and general look and feel of the place, their relatively small but quite tasty and well-priced menu, their friendly staff, and even the layout of their main stage area. Thoughtfulness basically permeates Crescent from top to bottom and it made a concert more fun than the normal sweaty, angry ragefest most shows tend to be, to the extent that a venue can control that.Enjoyed myself and enjoyed that they really knew what they were doing up and down the line. As venues go, probably my favorite in the state now.
5	Hands down, the best music venue in all of AZ. They have a constant flow of amazing bands and artists, their food is delicious (you can't go wrong with a burrito conceptualized and created from the chef/owner of Pizzeria Bianco), their drinks are poured and priced right, and the staff is typically very friendly. Sound quality during the shows is always right on, and the space itself is really nice. Definitely not dingy or a dirty hole-in-the-wall like a few other PHX music venues.The only downside I can think of is that parking can be an issue. Try to get there early and you won't have to drive around looking for a space too long.
5	Obsessed. Cannot say it enough. Always friendly, super helpful and the venue rocks. The staff is awesome and the people interesting to look at. I always meet fun people there
4	came here for dinner and a free show last Sunday. we unknowingly arrived in the middle of their trivia night. as far as trivia questions go - these were hard! I play bar trivia occasionally and I usually know at least a few answers. I don't think I knew a single question they asked here! and I thought it was weird that they ask ALL the questions and don't even tell you the answers until the very end. if I had been playing I would've gone crazy with frustration wanting to know what the correct answer was! it seems like the people participating were enjoying themselves though. I believe the prizes for winning trivia are a $25 gift certificate or two tickets to a show.the food: nothing to write home about, but nothing to complain about either. I ordered the quesadilla, to which I added steak. they shouldn't really call it "steak" because it was shredded beef. only other ingredient inside the quesadilla was a lot of cheese. it came with a side of chips and salsa and a huge scoop of sour cream. I might come here for food again, but it's nothing notably delicious.the show: their stage/venue is really awesome with the seated bleachers in the back and standing room in the front. I love how intimate and small the stage is. we saw three local bands perform for free; they were all very different musically but I enjoyed them all. if a band I liked was playing I would definitely come back to catch them play!
2	I went here once with one of my friends whom loves this place; however, this was not a place for me. The music was very loud in the lounge area and the place was uncomfortably over crowded.
5	Oh how I do love Crescent! This place is the best and most appealing music venue that I've been to in AZ so far...but the good news doesn't stop there - the food is amazing as well! I've had burritos, quesadillas, and burrito bowls, all of which have been amazing. The bean dip, however, is what I'd boast about all day. That and the honey badger of course =).
5	I think I'm in love... Not quite sure, ...no, I'm pretty sure, it's love.I've been looking for this venue. - I just didn't know it, till I arrived.I've recently just started going to the Crescent Ballroom for local shows, and live music, after hearing about the venue from friends sometime early last year. - I've been to three shows since, with each one better than the one before it.First of all, it's cozy. It's "mid-sized", seating 300-500 people. It's not huge and impersonal like a lot of phoenix venues I've been to. This place has character, and style, and I like the freedom of enjoying a drink (or two) on the patio, while readying for the show to start.It's seriously one of the best live music venues I've been to. It's great to be able to see a decent show, in a local venue, without all the fuss of a stadium or arena setting. They have a lounge. This area, separate from the venue's main concourse, is where you can order food and drinks, and is where the tables, patio and bar are located.Their full-sized bar is staffed with super quick, friendly and knowledgable servers. In addition to your regular bar/venue fair, they also offer a decent selection of house specialty drinks. I've ordered both the honey badger, and the casa blanca, and would highly recommend either to a friend. I definitely intend on returning to try more of their tasty concoctions.Their Happy Hour is from M-F from 4:30-6pm, which gets you $2 PBR's, $3 well drinks, $3 Drafts or $1 off other drinks.If you're looking for a fun weekend night out, or a mid-week break from the norm, definitely check this place out.
5	I love everything about crescent ballroom, and I wish every band in phoenix came through here. Seriously. Everything is great. Perfect. Awesome. I love crescent!!!
3	This is a great place to see a show. Could use more restrooms.
5	I can't even begin to say how needed the Crescent Ballroom was in Phoenix. It's about time we had a nice, amazing small music venue where I can see all my favorite bands and not break the bank. I can even try out bands I haven't heard before. All in an intimate setting where I can be so close to Ra Ra Riot that my photos make me look as if I was part of the press.I find myself going to so many more shows than I did before, and I get to have a burrito while I'm there too. Who doesn't want a burrito while they're at a show? NO ONE. And you can order it without leaving the concert space, because there's a bar in the back.Most of the space is standing room, but there are bleachers in the back too and some small tables also. The sound is amazing and I've never once been to a show I didn't like. I'm in love.
5	Great entertainment! Great bartenders! Great ambiance !
4	This was my first time here. We saw Robert Earl Keen and he was hilarious and fun. Great bar and really cool concert area. I was told they had an outdoor area too and would love to go see someone and have it be outside.We had some good drinks and had a quesadilla as a snack. It was good bar food - not sure how you can mess up a quesadilla either.Definitely will be back and hope its outside next time.
5	Here to see Mergence!!  Great show, amazing venue... excellent service.  Whats not to like!?
4	Very fun, upbeat place to hang out with a group of friends!I've actually had a couple of friends perform at Crescent Ballroom, and hear that most other performers/shows end up being pretty entertaining as well.Service and food were so-so, but didn't take away from the overall experience. Looking forward to my next visit here!
5	The chicken burrito is an absolute must. I hear the burgers are amazing.. its hard to change it past the burrito tho, so maybe I will explore some time! The ambience is awesome. The venue is good ( Ive only attended one show and it was outside). The drinks are pretty amazing- they are strong! Selection on tap could be better, but they make up for it in other canned beers and liquors. If you're trying to have a relaxing beverage after work, make sure you leave before the crowd because it will get packed and LOUD. The bartenders are pretty cool, I have to say that the majority of the women bartenders are somewhat snobby... but they probably deal with a lot of BS from guys hitting on them. But this bar has become my cheers bar! They also give away tix on Thurs (used to be Tues) during lunch. But get there early and ASK- don't assume they will offer them to you (learned this the hard way after loosing the opportunity for some prime tickets I specifically went for and they were gone).
4	Best music venue I've found since I've been in AZ.  Solid cocktails and food too.  A nice spot with a positive vibe even if you're not there to see a show.
4	One of my favorite places to see a show.
5	Every time I go to Spain, I have to check out flamenco. The traditional Spanish dance is so beautiful and full of spirit, with colorful costumes, energetic music, and emotive singing. While you can catch it weekly at Pepin in Scottsdale, I was really smitten with a recent flamenco performance I saw at Crescent Ballroom, which features free flamenco every Saturday night from 6-8 p.m.The performances are done by local flamenco dance troupe Flamenco Por La Vida. When I went, there were two ladies and a guy tearing it up on the small stage at Crescent's lounge area, and they alternated dancing while a guitarist strummed. It was captivating and intimate, and about as close as you can get to an authentic Spanish experience. Sip on some of Crescent's sangria, and enjoy!Also, besides the awesome flamenco -- I'm in love with Crescent's food (the chips and burritos are amazing!), and the sound and atmosphere at the concerts is always high-quality and friendly. It's an all-in-one amazing place!
4	I went to a seminar here and as that didn't thrill me so much I made a move to the bar area to see what that was about. Crafty drinks, nice conversational atmosphere, and the food was killer.Highly recommend the guac! Nice and chunky so you could see it was just made in house.  I couldn't make my mind up on what burrito so I went with the tacos.  The plate comes with 3 so I went with the barbacoa and al pastor.. They load each one up with meat and the toppings are prime.  Ill definitely be back
5	Crescent is the BEST venue for a show in Phoenix. The seating, the space, the sound -- it all comes together perfectly. Crescent can even accommodate a small music fest with their outdoor stage set up.  You never have to wait too long for a drink at the bar and this venue is always clean. My friends and I mostly come here on the weekends for cheap drinks/house wine and their bar food menu. If you haven't yet, go ahead and try the nachos or the bean and cheese burrito and tell me it's not the best bar food you've ever had. They have different music nights (e.g. Funk Night) during the week. You can dance if you want to.
4	Nice venue for a show with a separate lounge and outdoor seating area. Good service and great bands. Get out and support downtown Phoenix.
5	Sweet music venue. Plenty of diversity on the shows. Overall the music sounds awesome! It's not to large of a place so no matter were you are at you are getting your moneys worth with sound and stage presence. Also I love the bench seats at the rear!
4	The Wife took me here for a Date Night to see her band ZZ Ward and have a few drinks. We both really enjoyed the ease and simplicity of the whole experience. Parking is right out back for around $5. Tickets for the show were $15 each and both the drinks and food were very affordable and tasty.Inside has a small lounge up front where you can enjoy some good eats and drinks. You can even hear the bands playing in certain areas without getting a ticket. There is also a small patio that you can use if you need to light one up or just get some fresh air.The bands are in the middle section and it is a rather large area. Most of the people listening are standing up by the stage and you can move around wherever you want to go. There are also some bleachers along the wall if want to listen sitting down. Really like the cool bar area in the back when you need a quick refill and the easy access bathrooms when it is time to go. Nice!This particular show was sold out and packed to the rim. Even with a full crowd it was still a very enjoyable event. The sound is pretty amazing no matter where you listen. It does have a tendency to get pretty loud at times so you may want to bring some ear plugs as an option.Get there early so you can goof off and work on your buzz. The music can go for a few hours depending on the length of the sets and who is playing. We both ordered the giant Lalo Guerrrero Burger to soak up some suds before the main act and it was delicious.Don't tell the wife but I thought ZZ Ward was really CUTE and could easily be my new Yelp Current Crush. Definitely will be back for another show soon. Check online for tickets and schedules. COOL MAN!4.5 STARS
5	This is my spot! I come here quite often. Cheap drinks, fun & friendly staff. Just don't be a drunk douchebag and they won't mess with you. It's simple.
5	Oh hey there awesome music venue. You host amazing local and big time artists on top of serving ridiculously good food?! Yeah, I'm gonna be a regular. This place is the best thing to happen to downtown Phoenix since....I don't know, the invention of misters. Seriously, if you enjoy live music, great people, and delicious food, then this is the place for you. I love the diversity in musicians that they are able to book and their friggin tortas are out of this world. Not to mention, the rice pudding is the best I've ever had - and I'm a Latin woman who loves rice pudding. So please don't take this lightly. This. Is. The. Bomb. Rice. Pudding. I love it here. I bring all of my out of town friends here. And I hope this never closes down because if it does, I'm moving.
5	Respectable southwestern restaurant by day, intimate indie venue by night. Crescent is the spot for shows too big for a cramped little shack like Trunk Space, but too small for one of those uncontrollable, rowdy venues like Marquee. I came here early for a Cold War Kids show and hit the bar. If anyone has ever done some drinking at a concert, you'll appreciate prices here. $5 for a 12 oz craft beer is more than fair, I've paid tons more for a Bud freaking Light elsewhere. I indulged in the $2 "Mystery Shot". No regrets, I think it ended up being some sweet, flavored vodka. Just note that even *after* taking it, the bartenders are still in the dark about what it is. Just prepare for something different in case it's something crazy like pepper SoCo!Anyways, the sound is top notch, it attracts a good crowd, and I have zero complaints whatsoever about my experience. You hear that, Crescent? You're PERFECT. Don't. Change. Anything.
4	My friends and I ended up here on Monday with two friends after we found Fuego Bistro at CityScape closed for the night.  I had never eaten here before so I was excited for the opportunity to try their menu.  I ordered the blackened fish tacos.  The blackened seasoning was to my liking - just black enough but not burn my mouth spicy.  My friend J ordered a blackened fish taco and a veggie taco.  She raved about the veggie taco so much I got order envy so I'm going to make sure I order them next time.  S had a bean and cheese burrito and after saying how good it was she offered us each a taste.  It was a very good burrito.  I usually find the tortilla overpowers the filling but this tortilla was strong enough to do its job but thin enough to get out of the way.  Our waiter asked if we wanted salsa and brought us both red and salsa verde.  The red salsa is not to be trifled with - it is SPICY!  Sorry Fuego, maybe next time!
5	Totally sick place- good food, cheap drinks, interesting beers on tap and friendly staff.Came here before a show, drank and had a good time hanging out in a chill place, came back after the show for an after party. It was rammed with tons of people dancing to a DJ- no one was pushy or rude...pretty cool crowd. The drinks were being poured spicy. Like super spicy. Just how I like it. I'm pretty sure someone poured me straight rum. Thanks! (next day...not so much)....
5	I love the Crescent Ballroom.  It's a very small venue where you can have the chance to see some really amazing artists.  I have been to 4 concerts there this year, and every one was fantastic.  I love that they have a bar inside the concert area.The attached restaurant is also delicious.  You will recognize the food from Gallo Blanco, which is one of my personal favorites in Phoenix.  The happy hour specials are pretty good.  I also had the chance to check out a free flamenco performance there this past Saturday.  It was so cool!  They perform weekly, and I highly recommend checking it out.
5	I've visited Crescent Ballroom for 3 concerts this year. Cold War Kids (twice!) and Blackalicious. All shows were great! The first CWK show was actually the carnivale electric event in the spring. Although it was outdoors and POURING rain the entire time, it was a great set up and a lot of fun was had. The other 2 shows indoors were awesome, as well. Great sized, intimate venue that brings to town some great, indie acts. The crowd has always been great and I love that they have the bar area near the stage and the under age area up front for all ages shows. I took my daughter to see CWK the 2nd time and we got to be right up front without showing up 2 hours early!! :) She loved it, as did I...mainly because I wasn't watching in the rain this time around. I will continue to check their schedule and hope to make one of their trivia nights or even just pop in for an impromptu concert some time. Who knows, I might find a great new act to follow!
4	Been here more and more in the past few months. I have yet to see a show here, but I have enjoyed a few adult beverages and some food here. Drinks are cheap and they are made swiftly. I believe I had the veggie burrito, which did not come out as swiftly, but was damn tasty. The salsas they have for the table are quite amazing. So amazing, that I may or may not know someone who decided to "borrow" them for future use. Hipster central, so just be prepared for a lot of flannel, beanies, and skinny jeans. Lines for the bathrooms are a staple.I would like to catch a show here in the very near future, but they do have some fairly decent DJs on Friday and Saturday nights.
4	Cool place for a show.Great sound.Cool service.Full bar.Parking is not terrible if you get there early.
4	Great spot for indie acts, and drinking with your friends.While I haven't had the food, I've planned a pretend meal here. You know what I'm talking about? You read the menu, fantasizing about what you'll eat there when you go next time. Hey, if a menu can inspire that, I'm bout it.Anywho - It's mostly the people here that keep me coming back. Fun crowd always.
5	Was here on Thursday, 12/11/2013, to see French Horn Rebellion.  Very nice beer selection, and VERY impressed with the barbacoa tacos with the guacamole that I had.  Delicious!  Staff was very nice and engaging, and the crowd was very pleasant and courteous (people complimented me on my dancing :) ), like people have already said.  I'm definitely coming back here again.
3	The carne asada tacos were amazing, reminded me of the ones in Mexico! Only thing that killed this place for me was they forgot the side of rice my girlfriend ordered, and when we finally received it the Mexican rice was undercooked, great in flavor, just super crunchy!
3	Going on a Friday night the concert was sold out, and the main food area was packed. The age group was about 18-25, and reading the other review about being hipster central is no lie. There were no tables to lounge around and enjoy the scene. I will have to go see an actual concert here though. The place looks really upscale and clean. Great atmosphere. Just a little cramped space though.
3	Stopped by their patio for a City employee retirement party and was impressed with the attention the servers as well as the house management gave us.  Drinks were fair and appetizers (especially the guacamole - has mandarin oranges in it) tasty.  Someone in our party who had been there before commented that all the food is great, explaining that the chef from Bianco is the one who works here.  Happy hour has great prices.  Will probably come back whenever I get the chance.
4	Decided to take my gf here after someone told me about the place and the music. It was only 10 bucks per person and no eat or drink minimum which was good since we'd already gotten dinner. Very surprised by the wide age groups of the people there, not sure if there grand-kids were performing or if they just liked alternative rock. I almost never go to any sort of music venue so it was a fun experience, in all honestly I went to see Jim Adkins is some capacity but I don't know if I missed him cause we were got there around 8:15 or what. Other people seemed to really be enjoying themselves and having a good time and we were too but I'm not into overtly loud sounds just for the sake of it being loud (we sit in the very back) but it was really loud (I could feel the vibrations in my chest at times) for an enclosed music venue with only like 100-125 people there. Gospal Claws was fun and I would have stayed longer to listen to their whole thing and maybe see Adkins but I decided an hour and a half was enough volume overload for my ears so we left. They were very nice and thanked us for coming as we left. I'm sure people more accustomed to concerts and whatnot don't have a problem with the volume but I literally had no choice other than leaving or dealing with the sound since there was no way for us to physically go further back without leaving the music hall.
4	Not only a great place to see a show, but a well rounded small menu makes this cozy spot a plus. With a Mexican center, their menu has many spicy eats as well as a a good drink list. Pair that with the constant love music and cool vibe to give you a great place to go after a long day at work or a night out.
1	Went for Mj vs. Prince event 1/4. I had high hopes for this and I was really let down. The event did not even start til after 11pm on a Friday night (hello most peeps have worked all day.) The pre-dj was better than the mj vs. Prince dj only thing is that he wasn't allowed to play any of music we paid to hear. Sad part is that many people left after waiting so long because they were tired of waiting. This event had a ton of patrons and could been a blast. Instead I was walking out by midnight. Hopefully another establishment will take on this genre and revamp the idea!
4	I've been to Crescent several times, but on this last visit, I noticed just how old I am. I literally could not handle the sound level of the music. My first move was to rummage through my purse to see if there was anything to stick in my ears. For some reason, I actually had ear plugs in my purse. I guess when you turn 30, you just start carrying crap like that around. Unfortunately, my boyfriend does not carry ear plugs or a man purse to put them in. So our second move, was to go outside on the patio. When people started smoking around us, we were forced back inside ... because smelling like smoke is now something I avoid like the plague. Then we sat on a bench and decided that if we were just going to sit there and talk to each other, we might as well go home. Now that is sad. I would definitely recommend this place to see a band, but for the love of God, the music in the front room is so loud it hurts. It's just not worth the hearing damage. Yes, I turned 31 last month.
5	Crescent is definitely one of my favorite venues for shows but their lounge is great as well. They have small but comparable drink menu, I love the Four Peaks Peach Ale. As for appetizers I also go with their chips and salsa, a favorite snack of mine. It comes with fresh thick and crispy tortilla chips and two types of salsa. One is a salsa verde that is very fresh and delicious and the second is a red salsa that is spicy,  garlicky, and delicious! In the past I ordered their chicken tacos for dinner which were very good, last time I ordered their Sinaloa Seafood Chowder and I was wonderful! It came with perfectly cooked chunks of fish, shrimp, tomatoes and other yummy vegetables. My boyfriend always orders their bean and cheese burrito which he always loves. If you're going for a show definitely come early to catch a yummy bite to eat!
5	I saw Volcano Choir here last night. It's my first time visiting Phoenix, and this was just part of an all-around great experience. Excellent venue. Intimate and on the small side, but never crowded (it was a sold-out show). Staff was friendly, and everyone I encountered was courteous and behaved themselves.  It made for a spectacular show.
3	Came here for a burrito bowl. It was good, but not really worth the lightrail trip from Tempe to Phoenix. Try the Honey Badger drink though.
5	Great place to see both national and local acts. Live music most nights. DJ's too. When you walk up to the place you'll see the outdoor sitting area. When you first walk inside you'll be in the smaller stage area with tables, a full bar, and a TV or two.Further in is where the larger stage is.My friend plays here and her band gets paid decently. You have to appreciate a venue that pays musicians for their talent and the crowd they bring in. If you have ever been to NY or LA you know many venues have a "pay to play" system. Not cool.Food is good and decently priced. Most beers on tap. Decent options for drinks and wine.Great place to experience downtown Phoenix's music scene. Yes we have a music scene. It's just completed spread out across the metropolitan area we call home.
3	Sorry but this place should not be called a ballroom just because there is one disco ball inside. It is a more casual place, kind of hipster. I would change the name to something else because crescent ballroom sounds too glamorous for what it actually is.
5	I love this place! The people they hire are so friendly and helpful, it is always clean and the music is excellent all.the.time! The only draw back is parking, but it is not a far walk from the light-rail. One of my very most favorite places in the city!
4	It was a very nice atmosphere. The food was really good! We ordered to I-10 nachos and that order was huge! It was really filling and we also ordered the steak burrito which was also really good but for 9 $, it could be a little bigger. Don't forget to read through the sides because they have a few selections of special sauces that you can try
5	My favorite spot for a stiff drink and good company. Also this place rules for shows. The staff is amazing and always has our back. If you're looking for a friendly atmosphere and a cool crowd, this is your spot. I love it.
5	I love it here!! Great place to catch indie, hipster, upcoming, and even popular acts. Sound system is great. Multiple bars. If it's a special event, they open the back patio up so you can catch multiple acts AND have a drink. There is always live music, any night you go in, guaranteed a band is playing. Every bartender  I've encountered makes a mean drink and is super friendly, even if you're one of the annoying "no close it out" and return 20 minutes later for another round types. It's also pretty damn cheap for downtown. Tall cans of Stella are $5, $4 during happy hour. Most drinks are around $5-6. They have trivia on Sunday nights, shit gets wild. Oh and the food!! The menu was conceived by the evil geniuses at Gallo Blanco so you know this ish is good. Huge portions, tasty, and cheap!! I think everything is under $10! Basically, I love you Crescent.
4	13 of us ate outside and had a wide variety of food. Everyone thought their food was very good. A few local people had never heard of the place and will be back. The rest of us were from out if town and when we come back we will eat here again. Can't really comment on the bands as we sat at the end of the gated area outside.
4	Have you ever experienced that moment where you realize you're not half as cool as you think you are? Yeah... well Crescent Ballroom did that for me. The first and only time I've come here, was to play Bingo. That statement alone should be enough evidence to myself and anyone else who will listen that my days of coolness have passed. If they ever existed at all.This place is pretty sweet. I had dinner before Bingo because grandpa (me) knew it might be a late night and I didn't want to eat after I left here. Doing something like that would lead to a night of indigestion and no sleep. Psssh... who needs that in their life. Am I right? I tried the carne asada quesadilla and it was unexpectedly good. I would eat here again without a doubt. The Bingo was played in the concert area. I'm not gonna lie... it was fun. The event was put on by Jackalope Ranch and emceed by the National Comedy Theater of Phoenix. They did a great job. Funny people. Especially this guy Marcus. Hilarious. They were all about audience participation. Like it or not. I was actually glad I never won a hand of Bingo because then you had to go up on stage and try to match wits with a trained comedian. I don't need that in my life. I'm the kind of person who thinks of a comeback 3 days later. It was a lot of fun though. Crescent Ballroom seems like it would be an amazing live music venue. I checked the calendar and there was not one band that I knew. Oh, wait... except the Toadies. You know the "hipster" line, you wouldn't know who they are... Well they're right. I don't. Bottom line is that this place is cool. A solid 4. Hopefully one day a band I know will play here and I can bump it to a 5. Until then I'll live in happy acceptance that my days of coolness are behind me.
4	Excellent place for lunchThe space is fun and the price is right at about $12 a person for lunch.  Service staff is cool and never leave you waiting for long.  The Arnold Palmer was perfect.  Space would not lend well to large groups of more than eight, though.  Short menu of food options.  Ordering two single tacos is just the right amount of food and are tasty, though the pork was a bit tough.  Others in our group liked the burgers and the burrito.Fudge with chocolate sauce was a hit for our person celebrating a birthday.
5	Wow, really impressed with this place. The barbacoa tacos were phenomenal!! Juicy, succulent, savory.I also ordered their version of a margarita, Which has a little but of orange in it. It was super delicious and refreshing.
4	we went to the cresent ballroom for a railroad earth show on my husband's birthday.parking was relatively easy to find down the street, so that was a plus.there was a bar/dining area in the front, and then the main ballroom where the show was. it fit a lot of people. i believe there are seats you could have paid for that are bench style if you're not for standing up at a concert.the only thing i wasn't super stoked about was that the patio allowed smokers and it wafted into the bar area.
5	Attended the Brett Dennen show on 3/17/14 and was really impressed by this venue. As a pretty regular visitor to all types of live music events, I think that I have a new favorite place to see a live show. Pretty much everything said by previous reviewers was true.The sound is top notch.The staff is customer-friendly at a level that I find perfect. Everyone I came in contact with was friendly and laid-back. Not over-the-top phony friendly and definitely  not a "billy bad-ass" attitude to be found anywhere (hear that Club Red?)The bar prices are very reasonable and even at a sold-out show the wait at the bar was never more than a minute. For a bar with live music, the whole place is extremely clean. Even the restrooms are in good shape. It doesn't even have that old spilled beer smell. Didn't try any of the food so can't comment on that. Highly recommend for live music.
4	I went there for the first time last night to see VNV Nation.Without a doubt, this is the nicest venue which I've been to in the Phoenix Valley.They serve alcohol.  They have lots of good alcohol.  They have lots of different beers.  The bartenders actually made good drinks.  This is especially important to me because it seems that the other venues either don't serve alcohol or they only have a small selection, most of which is garbage.  There is also a bar with multiple bartenders ~50 feet from the stage!Atmosphere is very nice.  They did an excellent job planning the acoustics and the sound system.  The sound was fantastic.Regarding the bathrooms, my wife actually approved, which is a first for her.Another perk -- they have raised seating (benches?) along the back wall.The only con -- it was wicked hot by the end of the show ... and it's only the end of March.
4	what a cool spot! we had tix to see John Spencer Blues Explosion and we arrived early to get a bite to eat. it wasn't crowded (yet) on a thursday night so we had plenty of outdoor dining. our service was quick and friendly, but......if you have tix to a show, DON'T FORGET!!!!!....there is a 25% off coupon on your ticket! we didn't realize this and thus missed out on a great discount.the food was latin flair...chips/salsa, street tacos, burritos. all very tasty and moderately priced. their happy hour deals looked great.the music venue is just off the restaurant. it's a great little space, mostly standing room. if you get there early, you can snag one of the wooden bleacher seats. there is a full bar in the music venue, along with restrooms. the sound quality was pretty good i thought, but since it's a small area, i highly recommend earplugs (i'm over 40 and that tip was for all the youngsters out there).
4	Fantastic guacamole! Great choice of music!
5	Amazing little venue. Saw Neutral Milk Hotel here and it was one of the best shows I've ever been to! I love how there were water stations lit up around the whole stage. It's small but I kind of like that; it seems more personal that way.
3	They must have recently hired a new crew. Last two times I've been there, there's one girl in particular who is insufferably rude. PRO TIP: bring cash for the bars. Every time I go there, my card either gets charged twice or I get overcharged.
5	I have nothing negative to say about this place!This Place is wonderful! If My husband and I have nothing to do and wants to go somewhere fun and pleasant this is our #1 choice because we are never disappointed the Food,drinks,location and mostly the Music is great This bar is Comfortable very casual and thereIs always good Music there,this is the place to be people I highly recomend this place go Go !!!
4	This is a review for the lounge:Saw flamenco dancing here on a Saturday evening. Great show. Happy hour!Try the chips and salsa here--surprisingly good! (especially for 2 bucks!!!!) Chips were thickly cut tortilla, didn't break easily. Two kinds of salsa...verde (tomatillo) and red (I'm showing my white-ness here because I couldn't determine what kind of pepper made up the red salsa...it was nice and spicy though!).Had the honey badger drink. Waaaaay to sweet for me. Waitress was kind enough to take it off our bill since I didn't drink it. They have some very interesting whiskey drinks on the menu that my friends ordered (and I got to taste).
5	I've been here for several shows and the sound is great. Also love that it is a fairly intimate venue. It's also not a bad idea to get to the show early to check out Cocina 10's happy hour for great deals on amazing food such as their fish tacos. Super nice employees. As an ASU student I can park for free with my permit in an ASU lot nearby.
4	This is the perfect venue for seeing bands perform in an intimate setting. I have seen many of my favorite artists perform here, and it is crazy how close I can get to the stage without feeling claustrophobic. It is also great to enjoy food and drinks in the first room before a show. I recommend their burger - delicious! Parking is easy to find in the area, some meters as well as residential parking a block away.
1	Horrible experience! I went there to try to have dinner and watch live flamenco for my birthday last night. I was my first time there and I was really excited because I read all of the amazing reviews this place has. I stepped in and the place was full which was understandable but my friend and I where literately standing for 15 minutes without being acknowledged. Several servers walked by, stared at us and never once approached us to ask if we needed anything or perhaps to tell us that the place was closing soon because they did have a sold out event right after flamenco which I was aware of before going in. Needless to say that my friend and I where confused, felt awkward, and left very disappointed in the place and we did not even get to try their food!
5	The staff is friendly and the food is good.  There was a band playing but we didn't watch them.  We stayed in the lounge and had a late dinner.  Prices are good.  Five stars because they use Tilamook cheese.  My fave!!
5	For A small club. It's very user friendly. Great staff. Street parking. Old and young. Everyone feels welcome.
5	The Crescent Ballroom is a great place to get a drink, eat and see your favorite band.  Really a good downtown vibe. When you first enter, you have the restaurant and bar - which is great. The next room in the back is the main stage for events. Love this venue for music, great hangout!
5	Great food, perfect music venue and super fun Sunday trivia night! I'm happy to say I frequent this establishment weekly.
5	I have only been to Crescent to see live music, never for food. But if you're looking for a fun venue to check out a new band, this place is great. It provides an intimate setting to see music and it's easy to get up close to the band if that's your style. It is a bit of a "hipster" scene, but that makes the people-watching more fun. Also, the drinks are fairly priced. I'd like to go back for Trivia night and to try some food.
5	First time going to Crescent and really enjoyed the smaller venue. The artists interacted great with the crowd. The drinks were reasonably priced with quick service. Seating for those who don't want to stand but everyone has a view. Come early and grab some food on the front patio or inside. Overall a fun experience and will definitely be coming back, can't believe I waited so long to show up.
5	Love the bartenders Jamie and Mary. Awesome fun ladies. GREAT service and good vibes!!! Love the quesadilla.
2	Second time at Crescent for a concert, it was equally a mess to get in....so hot and stuffy inside the ballroom. We left early although the sound system is great and the artist we saw was awesome...it was too hot to stay longer.
5	My favorite small music venue in Phoenix! Great place to catch Phoenix live local music.
5	There's never a bad night at the crescent ballroom. I really enjoy the music that they bring in and I love the intimacy of the concerts. Please don't change!
5	As my girl and I leave Gilbert in search of some live music we head all the way downtown to check out C.B. TOTALLY worth the trip and glad we made the journey. So nice to see a live music venue that isn't a total dive.  Great crowd,  great food and our server was knowledgable THANKS LAUREN!  Glad to see the live music scene is 100% dead in this valley. We'll be back!!!
4	Small, intimate venue for shows/concerts in the middle of downtown. The bar is located at the end of the ballroom, near the bathrooms. There are three rows of "stadium" seating toward the back, facing the stage. Overall, clean, cute atmosphere and cheap drinks - $5 for my usual vodka cranberry. Had a great time seeing Yus, Mas Ysa, and EMA here - and Crescent Ballroom made the event free - which was awesome!
5	We absolutely love everything about Crescent.  We've been about 5 times now and always looking to go back.  Intimate setting with patio and front restaurant/bar and full service bar in the venue portion.  Food is really good and inexpensive.  Shows are always really inexpensive with a close up experience and quality sound.  Love the quaintness and service.  Well run place and highly recommended!
5	Good food? Check. Comfortable atmosphere? Check. Good music? Triple check. Crescent is where you have to go if you're downtown and looking for a place to relax a little. The prices are all reasonable, and they have a happy hour and daily specials as well if you're looking for extra savings.I have yet to see a show here, but I've only heard good things about it from multiple people so I am very much looking forward to my first time. From what I've seen on their calendar, they offer a variety of high-quality free shows as well as cheap and moderately priced gigs. Trivia night 6-8 pm on Sundays is becoming a favorite tradition of mine. Just make sure you get there early enough if you want to sit inside (I'd say get there around 5 if you have more than three people).
3	My first experience with the Crescent Ballroom was pretty sweet. A small group of us visited on a Saturday night on the restaurant side. From 6-8pm there is an amazing flamenco group. I highly recommend it.Indoor seating is tight so come early. Food and drink are reasonably priced. The tacos are street style sized portions for $3 or $4 a piece. The carne asada can be enjoyed without adding any further spice. The blackened tilapia tasted like ... tilapia. (The non-flavored fish of the world.)Beer runs anywhere from $3 to $5 on a normal day.Happy Hour is Monday 11AM-6PM and Tuesday-Friday from 3PM-6PM. Draft beers are a buck off.I dinged a star for two reasons. Service was hard to come by for some reason. Perhaps they slow down service during a show to avoid distracting the performers? Or they would like folks to drink two beverages only? The other terrible situation is the number of bathrooms. On the restaurant side there is only a single occupant woman's bathroom. Unfortunately for us that night, there was barely any water running in the sink. (Which made for a long line.)
1	Man oh man. Such disappointment. Went to have a beer and dinner as I have been here many many times before. As we walked in, fencing played on the television. Yes, the one with swords. The match had ended. We politely asked to put the soccer match on the screen as we were the only humans paying any attention in the baron bar. The bartender, Brett, denied our request and made a "compromise" and put the punisher on. Being that this movie sucked, we pleaded to go back to the fencing. But with no luck, we were forced to watch the punisher. Good food though.
5	Great sound, great crowds, good beers and good food. THE music venue in phoenix. Have been here many times for bands, will continue coming back.
4	Their tacos are fantastic! Plenty of choices to pick from. And who can beat a $2.00 taco Wednesday night? I had the barbacoa and carne asada, both fresh ingredients and great flavors bursting in my mouth with each bite. The only thing that could make this place better is $2.00 PBR on tap. But I suppose a $5 Four Peaks Sunbrew in a can is tasty too.Great intimate concert hall with very talented musicians, only downfall is the really drunk people spilling drinks on you. If you don't mind the occasional alcohol showers, you will no doubt have a good time.
5	Delicious food, nice cocktail variety & awesome venue!We visited cb for happy hour & the Nick Waterhouse concert.  *We were thrilled with the happy hour menu and we ordered nachos, tacos, & bean dip.*Beer & wine on happy hour but sadly my margarita was not!  Oh well I still had 3. Loved the tall glass of tangy tequila paradise to pre party for our retro guitarist friend Nick.*The fish tacos were delicious with great seasoning! Finally a restaurant that's not afraid to flavor something simple!*The nachos were over the top with every topping item you may dream of.  Absolutely the pinnacle of Arizona nacho happiness.Our server was a nice professional gal- I think Melissa?  Really appreciated her listening and timing to make our night fly by talking with friends.  Everyone from start to finish at crescent ballroom was professional & patient though not overly friendly.  I can appreciate straight to the point and don't always need an emotional connection with the bartender.As a concert venue they have the standing area with bleacher style seating in the back.  We did a combo of standing / sitting/ walking around.  The bathroom was huge with no one in there!  Usually concert bathrooms are long waits- not at this posh hipster venue!  Finally they have a bar inside the venue so we were glad for the Arizona stronghold rose & cocktails.
3	I want to give this place 4 stars, but the service fell short on more than one occasion. The food was great, and the entertainment they have visiting this place is awesome. Everything from local to national acts. I've made a couple group outings to this location with co-workers and on a fairly dead time of the day. The idea was that we wouldn't be competing for service since there was only one other table to tend to, but was I wrong. It took us over an hour for 8 of us to get our food and there were multiple occasions  where I would have loved to get another drink but it literally took 20 minutes to get a draft or mixed drink. I'd gladly go back, if the bartender is Alaina. She was awesome and very prompt. But keep in mind if you sit on the patio, the trend is 'out of site out of mind.'
5	Service is awesome!! Great food, decent beer selection and rad place to catch good music or drag queen bingo  this place has a good night on lock down !!
4	Quick lunch with my manager before flying out of Phoenix. Good food; Mexican ambiance. Guac was the best I've ever had... Veggie taco over pork taco over fish taco
3	What an odd place. Don't know what they're going for but it works. Food and beer excellent. Band was pretty bad but somehow it all comes together.best for a large group. Can't sit at the bar and eat
1	More management!!!!!!!!! Horrible service. Crappy DJ. Bathrooms are disgusting!!! Sound quality is poor. Unfriendly. I would give this place a big fat ZERO!!
5	I love it when i find a great venue with class and style! The Drinks are good the food is great, and there is always some new group that is playing some great music. I have seen some great EDM artist's rock this stage, rocked out with the dry river yacht club at a free concert! They do a lot of free shows all the time, and you can catch some live music just about anytime you find your way into this place. Love it!
4	How did it take me so long to get here?Great place to see a show, or just stop in for a bite to eat and a drink.I came for a show - we got a table near the front. Acoustics were good, drinks were fairly priced (I can't gripe about $5/pint anywhere - at a show, it's great!), and the staff were friendly.Tip - one block west of the venue has no parking meters!It was a fantastic night out with a great group of women - and I will definitely be back - this is a great little venue!
4	I am a huge fan of Crescent Ballroom.  It is an amazing venue to watch a show.  The only thing that stops me from giving it 5 stars is the fact that we got there a couple of hours before the show to eat dinner and have cocktails, but when we wanted to go into the show, we had to exit the restaurant and get in line.  I don't understand why they can't scan our tickets from the inside and give us bracelets there.  Other than this issue I would recommend seeing a show there anytime you have a chance.
5	This place is like a fine wine, gets better with age. Best venue in AZ! Great music all the time and the food is not your typical bar menu either. That's how you do it!
5	I went here for the first time just last Sunday to see Justin Nozuka and it was a very awesome experience! I went here alone and this place has such a welcoming atmosphere I felt zero awkwardness being there solo... They chips and salsa are pretty awesome salsa is actually spicy I had a few glasses of wine and some of their sangria. The sangria wasn't all that honestly but I can never find a place that serves sangria or wants to make me one (it isn't that hard!) so that was a plus and the venue has a really intimate feel to it I really enjoyed my show it was more than I expected and I wish more of my favorite performers would play here I am looking forward to coming back. The staff is friendly and attentive.
5	I love seeing shows here! Hands down it's the best places to see a band in Phoenix. What's so great about Crescent? First, they have a lot of fantastic local and national acts that play here. It's big enough for a mid-sized national band, but it still feels intimate. Also, I'm way too old to stand for an entire concert if I don't have to, so I appreciate the bleacher seats in the back. I don't always use them, but it's nice to know I can.As far as food and drinks go, Crescent is solid. They have a decent craft beer selection and the food is good. The menu is fairly simple, but what they have is tasty. The bartenders and servers have always been quick and attentive.Also, on Sunday nights they do a decent trivia. It's pretty eclectic, but it's a good time. They give out pretty awesome prizes to the top 6 or so teams including various gift cards, random gift baskets (like a bacon-themed one), concert tickets and various kitchy items. Last time we played we won a lucha libre action figure- score!
5	Hands down favorite venue in Phx. Great place to get your groove on. Saw Nightmares on Wax here a couple months ago and had a great time per usual. The small space makes for a more intimate experience with the artist. DJ EASE literally kissed my hand at the end of their set. Swoon.
5	As one of my favorite places in Phoenix (to see a concert or otherwise) I wish I could write the perfect review for Crescent Ballroom. Alas, that is impossible because words don't really do it justice, but I'll still give it an attempt.I have seen so many amazing shows at crescent and a lot of credit for these memorable experiences goes to the venue itself. There's not a bad seat in the house in the actual concert area. There's bleacher seating in the back if you're looking to chill and plenty of standing room if you're looking to dance like a maniac, spin around in circles, and jump till you drop.Whenever somebody tells me that they haven't been to CB I immediately start gushing to them about the many great qualities about this place - music, people, food, atmosphere, ticketing, etc - and there are really very few places that I actively promote like I promote Crescent Ballroom.At the end of the day, if you like music and/or cool bars and live anywhere in the Valley of the Sun, you have to give this place a try. Also, BEAN DIP!!!
5	Crescent Ballroom is an iconic establishment in downtown Phoenix!  I have been visiting Crescent for over 1 1/2 years and I have had only great experiences.  It is one of the more authentic, laid back venues in the area and it's a great addition to the downtown scene.  I only go to Crescent for a specific concert or show.  I have never gone "just to hang out" but I know it would be a great spot for that as well.  I love a good concert, especially new independent music.  Crescent brings some wonderful bands to Phoenix who you wouldn't be able to see otherwise.  There are so many bands that are uber successful now but I first got to see them at a small, intimate concert at Crescent.  The food and bar are above average for a concert venue.  The food is somewhat mexican themed with some salads and breakfast sandwiches mixed in.  It's inexpensive and good quality.  I recommend the bean dip and tacos.  Always a good choice! The drink selection is good if you're into beer and hipster cocktails.  My only complaint is that they only have 4 beers on draft and I love draft beer.  But they have a large selection of cans.  The mixed drinks are interesting - especially the Honey Badger which is a bourbon version of a moscow mule.  I think Crescent does a great job of cultivating a friendly, artistic scene in Phoenix and I am looking forward to many more visits in the future!
5	I saw Jarabe de Palo here last night. The place was awesome, small venue and they have a good collection of bands going through it.Also, i loved that they had a water jug out, so for the non alcohol drinkers, you dont ahve to dedal with the lines at the bar and you can serve yourself!
5	What a great venue!I had never been there before until last night. I went to see Jarabe de Palo play and I was so impressed.They have an outside seating area but the inside's also very cozy and welcoming. Our server was very attentive and very nice. Also very professional. The food they serve's AMAZING! I got a couple of tacos and they were to die for! I  was pleasantly suprised by how delicious the tacos were! They have a good selection of food and drinks during happy hour and that salsa verde they serve with their chips ($1 during HH, unbeatable! Tons of chips, too!) is so, so, so good!!Parking is the only issue I have with this place. I'm not sure they do own a lot but you can park on 3rd Ave and Van Buren as there's a big lot there. Just make sure you have cash, $4 to be exact, because it's one of those parking lots with numbered lots where you deposit money on slots.All in all, it's a very cool place! I really enjoyed the concert and the venue's just great for a concert like that. Location's great as it is Downtown Phoenix and they have a nice Happy Hour. I understand now why this is such a popular place.
4	Came here for the free show with A Change of Pace/Damn The Weather and fell in love with the venue. From the moment I approached the door, the scintillating and seductive sounds of Flamenco Por La Vida spilled onto the street, stopping me in the front room as I passed through the doors. Apparently, they are a Saturday night staple and worth the trip alone. The front room is intimate, and the bar has a decent-above average selection of wine and beer. No food this night, but the show was fantastic and the staff knowledgeable. Great to come into a concert venue and not deal with cranky bar staff and bouncers, even for a free show. Thanks for being classy, I will definitely be back! (I am reserving the final star for once I taste the food, so expect an update at somepoint in the future.)
5	This might be my favorite venue.They have wonderful food and outdoor seating. The shows have an intimate feel and everyone that works there is helpful. I love seeing shows at Crescent.
5	What a great venue!  Saw Charli XCX there last week and it was my first time.  It is REALLY easy to get a drink and they make good drinks.  There's a cordoned off area in front of the stage that is accessible to anyone not currently in possession of alcohol.  There are bleacher-style seats in back if your tootsies get tired.  And FOOD (real food - not concession food) available.  Looking forward to coming back.
4	Nice experience here.  Venue was great, food was good (not amazing).  Outside patio is nice.  Service was not the greatest, but I wasn't expecting red carpet treatment since we were just ordering tacos, etc.  I mostly came for the band that was playing that night so all the food related service was just a plus.
2	This must've been an off night for them because I've eaten here and seen shows here before and raved about it to my coworkers afterwards. Service was slow, the kitchen got my wife's order wrong, and my drink (iced tea) didn't make it to my table until after my dinner did, and I had asked two different people for it. My impression was that staff were overwhelmed. Perhaps in the future when the Crescent Ballroom sells out a venue, they should staff a little heavier. On a positive note, my quesadilla was good, and they took my wife's order off the bill.
5	I am frequently at Crescent due to the awesome lineup of bands rolling through town but just recently I tried their tacos. OMG. Just thinking about the fish or vegetarian tacos makes me hungry. The ballroom is my favorite venue to see bands in PHX. If a band is scheduled at the marquee I get so sad. Its just such a crappy venue compared to the wonderful crescent. Whether it is a HUGE sold out show or a free local band, any night at the Crescent is a good night. I just wish people would stop getting up in the front of the dance floor and just hangout on their phones the whole time I MEAN COME ON! Respect the band and dance your ass off if you are going to be in front! Or I might just have to punch your phone out of your hands ;)Anyways get the tacos. You won't regret it.
2	We ordered drinks and waited for them for over 30 minutes. Waitress 1 stopped by. Once we said we hadn't received them, she said she would follow up. Waitress 2 stopped by and said she would follow up, but no luck.Both of them walked by our table multiple times afterwards and saw we didn't have our drinks. Never got our drinks so we found another bar nearby. Seemed like a cool place (hence 2 stars instead of 1) but didn't get to experience it.
4	Didn't try any of the food, I stopped in for a documentary that they were showing "Huicholes: The Last Peyote Guardians."  The atmosphere of this place is great, and the staff is extremely friendly!  I asked if they had coffee, which they didn't at the time but didn't hesitate to start brewing some right up!
5	Favorite business model ever. I love this place. One of my favorite bars ever. Anywhere. In any reality or dimension I've been to.
4	My friends and I frequent the Crescent Ballroom because of all the great shows that come in here to play and the great atmosphere in the front room and patio.  This is a great place to come for a show or just to hang out and grab some food or drinks. There is always something awesome to check out here no matter what day of the week. Most of the shows do have some sort of cost, but it is usually worth the price. I have seen tons of shows here in the past and had a wonderful time. The venue is very personal and offers a wide array of options for you to enjoy the show, including lots of standing room, high table tops, and stadium blenchers in the back. Inside the venue there are conveniently located bathrooms, the merch table and a bar.Drinks - The bottled beer selection here is pretty decent but the draft selection of beers is very limited. I would recommend sticking to hard liquor here. The Vodka Sodas here are some of the best and strongest in town. After just three of these drinks you will be feeling very good. They also carry a personal favorite of mine, Templeton Rye whiskey. A glass on the rocks will run you $10, but it is well worth it.Food - I have heard many good things about the food from the Crescent, but I have only ever ordered the nachos.  These nachos are awesome though! They are delicious but expensive at ~$13. However, they can easily feed 2-4 people so the cost is not that bad unless you are the one treating the table. I am very interested in coming here during the day to try other food. Most of the menu is extremely affordable and sounds delicious, especially for a concert venue.Staff/Service - I have only been here at night, but it is pretty typical not to receive any sort of table service if you are at the front room or on the patio. I would recommend ordering all drinks and food up at the bar. The bar staff are super nice and work quickly to get everyone's order taken care of. If you are ordering food they will give you a card to bring back to your table so someone else can deliver your food.I love the Crescent Ballroom and it is by far one of my favorite spots in town. If you like live music you have to give this place a try. The staff, drinks, food or music will not disappoint you. This concert venue and bar has a great vibe!Pro-tip: COME ON THURSDAY FOR THE WEEKLY DRAG SHOW!
5	ASU is close, so the scene can be young, don't be deterred. The food is fantastic and the atmosphere is comfortable. The trivia was 80s / 90s centric, I loved it.
4	Love the place but the ice grills from the bouncers are real...Like seriously...do your job and stop watching me...lol...great place with alot of non local girls coming to party...you'll love it...
5	I always use the word "magical" when describing the Old Town School of Folk Music. Their venue is extremely intimate and perfect for the acts they bring in. I feel you have an even deeper connection with the artists. The only thing cooler than seeing a show here is taking classes. All of the teachers are super friendly and do an incredible job making learning an instrument a great overall experience. I took classes at the Armitage location and they have open jam sessions on Tuesday nights and then everyone heads over to Shoe's for more jamming. As a beginner, I always felt very welcomed for all jams which was the most encouraging part of my musical development.
4	Great venue for bands. Small enough to feel intimate but still an awesome sound. I like the division of bodies at all ages shows...Mama do like to get boozy. Doorman Grady is THE BEST and really keeps things in order.
5	I have had a great time in several group classes in voice there learning Irish songs, expanding my skills to harmonize and some gospel work. This a great community of people.
5	Came here yesterday with a group of 5 for their 2000s R&B/Hiphop partaaay! Great atmosphere & great music reminiscent of the good ole high school/college days :) Some friends went to their 90s R&B/Hiphop event a few months back & enjoyed it too so go check that out! I want to come back for a flamenco show. Anyways, my 5 stars has to do with the set-up of this place. (Note: I've been here once before for post-dinner dinner since the fattie in me got hungry again. Ate their chips/guac & Sonoran dog & it was good. Get it if you like dirtydogs). As I was saying, the set-up is nice because the outdoor area allows you to enjoy the food while having an audible conversation, but if you're curious about the live band/DJ/show or want to just vibe with the music you can sneak inside and grab a drink by the bar. And perhaps you like what you're hearing and want to dance it off ... the dance floor is yours! Our cover charge was $5 at the door for guys/girls ($3 if purchased online), I'm not sure if that's always the case. I REALLY liked that they have these "bleacher seats" extended across the back wall so if you're tired from dancing or maybe you don't like to dance at all but just want to enjoy the music, you can just chill back there without having to  pay for a table or deal with all the inconveniences of a swanky club.  Big plus for all you ladies in heels who need to rest your poor little toes!*Parking: Plenty of metered parking and lots.. use them! I thought we snagged a great non-metered spot for free on the side street, but it was a fail & I got a parking ticket for being too close to a fire hydrant :( So watch yourself!
