4	Until I moved to the west side of town, I didn't realize that TCBY was still around. One day after visiting PetCo, I saw the glitz and glam (or not) that is TCBY. I don't think I'd been to a TCBY for decades, but thought I would  give it a try. It was like my first time at TCBY, because the only thing I remembered is the Shiver (think Blizzard). Well, I went ahead and got a Shiver, and enjoyed thoroughly. I've been back a couple times because its close, and if you play your cards right, you can get something delicious with less than half the fat and calories of a  DQ treat. I'd say the prices are a bit higher than DQ, but comparable to a Marble Slab or Coldstone. The staff at this particular TCBY are super friendly. All but today I've seen the same woman who I think may be the owner. She and her staff are always helpful and patient. Plus, it seems that the flavors and specials change regularly with the seasons. This location also serves fruit smoothies that are half off between 4-5pm, though I don't know if they are good or not.
5	This family owned place is a gem in the dessert. Imagine having something (soft serve frozen yogurt) so close to ice cream but it's 97%- 100% fat free, and it has healthy probiotics (read: good for you)! So, it's a win-win here. Remember, there are still calories, but at least, most of the flavors are nearly fat-free. You can get the frozen yogurt in a cone, splurge and have a blizzard type dessert with toppings mixed in (they really make it good here), or the boring way, in a cup. Also, pints are available for taking home. Wednesdays are 99 Cent Cone Days (yes, the cones are smaller, but stop whining). I've had the chocolate, peanut butter (my favorite), pumpkin (seasonal- so good!) cheesecake, white chocolate mousse. The family that owns this particular location is always very nice and always greets you with a big smile (very welcoming). It's also very clean. It is smal,l however, it seems like less people walk in, since there is a drive-thru window (another convenience).  Also,  this location is a participant in the Entertainment Book, with several coupons. I think it is cheaper than going to Coldstone. This location is very much convenient to shopping- Wal-Mart, Petco, Sam's Club are in the same strip mall (Target is across the street), along with so many restaurants like Appleby's, Viva Mercado's, and Krispy Kreme donuts to name a few.
4	I've never been to TCBY before and this is probably the only time I've seen one that's not in an airport so I got curious. I do appreciate that they have yogurt ice cream and yogurt soft serve- I came here expecting that all of it is soft serve yogurt like a Golden Spoon. I saw a sign on the window that Wednesdays are 99cent jr waffle cone days so I decided to come in for a small lunch break treat.  I enjoyed the flavor and quality of the pecan praline waffle cone and you can't beat 99cents for a yummy treat.  The lady who helped I think is the owner and was very friendly, always smiling. She also cleaned off tables and floor drips, looked at the ice cream and toppings often so I can see that there's a lot of pride in service and cleanliness. Definitely on hot work days I'll be stopping by and trying more.
4	There is always something new to try here, and my favorite by far is the psychedelic ice cream. I don't feel guilty splurging here because, 1.) They are reasonably priced, 2.) There is an assortment of flavors, options, topping, and mixing and matching you can do, and 3.) Unlike other ice cream places, I don't feel like I'm adding on an addition 270 calories with 12g of fat per serving! A healthier alternative, and the probiotics naturally within their items are always good for your health.One thing about this location is that it's family owned, and the entire family are some of the nicest people around town. They are very welcoming, attentive, and always are smiling! That might sound a little creepy, but they really are genuine people who take care of their business well.
4	i was actually pretty surprised when I arrived. this tcby is on spring mtn/rainbow in the walmart complex connected to a dry cleaning place, tiny spot out in town. we arrived and were surprised they had both soft serve yogurt and frozen ice cream looking frozen yogurt. I got "no sugar added" vanilla fudge brownie or something like that  - not to be twisted with "sugar free".. darn. but boy was it good, even better than the sugar added cookies n cream.my bf got peanut butter chocolate with strawberry something or another. both good. I'd come back but since its on the other side of town from me it might not be too soon. Next time I will try the soft serve but if you havent had the frozen-ice-cream-looking kind- its a must.
5	TCBY could not have picked a better location. Nothing beats the one two punch of spicy Asian food followed by yogurt or sorbet. Located down the street from Chinatown, and all those delicious restaurants, I could not help making my friend take me to get a waffle cone. We got the ruby red grapefruit sorbet and it was amazing. This was the perfect treat for cleansing the taste buds and settling our stomachs from Hot N Juicy Crawfish.I am not going to knock this place because I have become so accustomed to dishing out my own serving size and choosing from a bevy of toppings. The sorbet was just too good. I will try a yogurt next time. Keep in mind that they have waffle cone Wednesdays. Cones are apparently $.99, but our sorbet cost three dollars and some. Maybe it is only good for chocolate and vanilla. If so, it is still worth it, because the waffle cones are delicious enough for that price.
5	RIP my favorite froyo place. Words cannot describe the sadness both Papa D and I felt upon pulling in tonight to see our favorite treat place, for 20+ years, closed down.The owners were incredible people who greeted us year after year with smiles and graciousness. You will be missed!
2	I can see why this location closed. Although the yogurt was nice (however by no means 'The Country's Best Yogurt') it was very over priced. The service was friendly and efficient, but the store was a ghost town.
