5	I have been searching for a good Cheesesteak, and I have found it.  These guys are living my dream.  The owner and his wife started with a food truck and are now running a nice little spot.  They do so with a smile and friendly Hello when you come through the door.  Really glad they are close to the house and work.  P.S.  Park in back
5	Been there twice so far! Cannot wait to go back again! We have tried 4 of their sandwiches. They are ALL AMAZING! Quality meat! Local bakery! Local Produce! We have really tried to support every restaurant that has been in this corner. My husband always says, "If you give them what they want they will come, no matter what the location" etc etc. Well these guys are doing just that. There is parking at the back, BTW. We were so happy to see a line out the door to pick up, eat in etc. This place is going to be here forever! I would not be surprised if these guys open up 5 more of these thru out the valley!!!!!!!!!
5	It's just the best cheesesteak I've ever had in my life, that's it.
5	So glad this place is in the neighborhood!  The sandwiches are generously sized and stuffed with freshly prepared ingredients - I watched everything go on the grill from my seat.  The southwestern influence melds really nicely with the classic grilled steak and cheese.  Kind of like a good steak torta from your favorite fast food joint, but with higher quality cuts (and vegetables, and bread, and sauce...). House made sauces and chewy, warm buns seal the deal - plus the fact that $10 gets you stuffed with a  sandwich, a drink and fries or onion rings.
4	Found this on Yelp today and talked the guys into giving it a try.  little hole in the wall type place on the outside but looks new on the inside.  Everyone seemed to enjoy it both food and service were quite good. Cheese steaks sort of have there own twist we each had a different one and everyone liked what they got.  I had the west side it tasted fresh the fries were nice and crispy.  Even though its more of a order at the counter then go sit place the guy came out and never let our drinks go dry made sure we had everything we wanted so the service was more than expected for this type of place.  I would recommend it.
5	Who doesn't like an amazing cheese steak?... well, Vegans wouldn't dream of it, Vegetarians are on the fence, cows for sure wouldn't touch the stuff, (but what about mad cows? maybe), supermodels only eat celery I hear, crazy people wouldn't know what to do with one, Hindus for sure make this list, and kids under 6 just don't like cheese steaks - they do like steak and they do like cheese, just not at the same time or on a bun.If you happen to find yourself in one of the above demographics; please save yourself the regret and go to 'Green New American Vegetarian' just down the street. Otherwise, you'll find one fantastic cheese steak here. Anticipate large chunks of thick cut steak, grilled up to a perfect tender consistency, gussied up with sauteed onions and peppers, with just the right amount of gourmet flavoring; like chipotle, covered in a top shelf cheese sauce, topped with sliced jalapenos.... and that was just one of the options you find here. Calling all cheese steak lovers of Phoenix, this should be one of your dining destinations. Have them toss in more of those tender chunks of lovin for just $2 more and find yourself dining in or walking out the door with the biggest steak sandwich you can dream of for about $9.Eat on you steak lovin Yelpers!
4	I was looking for something close to my office for lunch today and decided to try The Phoenix Cheesesteak Co out based on the great reviews. The reviews don't lie folks, this place was delicious! I called ahead for pickup which was about a 20 minute wait right at noon, not bad at all. It was a bit hidden next to the convenience store, but I was able to find it ok. Hopefully they will put more signage out so people know it's there and want to stop in. The dining area inside is small but nice - probably not a good idea for a group of more than 4. The staff was very friendly and greeted me right away. Now for the meat of the review - the cheesesteak!  (lame joke, I know ;)  ) I went for the not so philly as I prefer the classic philly taste. It wasn't like any I've ever had before, I'd say it's a spiced up version. The cheese sauce has a bit of a spice to it. The bread was delicious - the prefect softness to crunch ratio.  The steak is cut into large trunks rather than sliced. I think I prefer sliced, but this was good as well. All around, a great sammich. and the fries? oh the fries are some of the best I've ever had. Amazing. Good portion for sharing, or keeping all to yourself because they are too good to share.So why not 5 stars you say? I think I was expecting more of a "traditional" philly taste even though their website and everything about them says it's not. My guess is that one of the cheesesteaks on the menu with the southwest flair would be a better choice since that is what they are aiming for. I'm definitely going to try this again and go for another option and then probably update this to a 5.
3	What can I say, kinda okay cheesesteak. parking sucked donkey cack, park nearby and just walk The menu was similiar to any cheesesteak place, but the sandwiches are...well, different.Instead of taking the traditional method of thinly slicing the steak, they serve it in cubes..which gave it a texture that I didn't really care for. Now the flavor was good, but I just can't get over the texture of it. It also seemed that the meat had some sort of gravy with it..just odd. Not sure I'll go back, but it's worth giving a shot if you're in the area..
4	Really great sandwich. I had "The Phoenix," which consists of cubed rib eye, roasted green chilies, jalapenos, carmelized onions, and a VERY nice roasted chili mayo. Philly? No. Who cares? Not me. This was a perfect Phoenix version. I work over on Central and turn left at this corner every morning, but did not notice it until today. It is in a small, two-store strip mall behind an old convenience store. Parking is tight in front, but they have more around back. Inside is nice, especially compared to the rough-looking surroundings. Service was friendly and quick. Even though you order and pay at the counter, the guy working checked to see if I needed a refill and brought my stuff to the table. I'd just about go five stars, but it is a little expensive. My bill was just under $13 for the sandwich, onion rings, and a drink. I left a tip too, taking the total higher. A little high for lunch, but still a place I'll visit again.
4	Love this place! I've never been let down, and really appreciate the different things they do with their cheese steaks here, playing up a bit to our part of the country. The Phoenix is by far my favorite, the fries are hot and crispy, the bread is perfection and the service! The service and the guys behind the counter are fantastic.  I work nearby and my co-workers and I come in nearly once a week.
5	LOVE this place!! Best cheesesteak ever!
5	Wow this was literally a MELT IN YOUR MOUTH sandwich!  I tried the Phoenix and LOVED it!  I'm not a Ribeye girl or for that matter, a cheesesteak girl, but that Ribeye was perfect!  Super delicious!  So tender and flavorful!  I can't wait to try the Carnitas with apple green chile sauce!
4	I wish my Phoenix cheesesteak packed more heat considering it was made with green chiles and jalapenos but it was still good and I'd order it again. I'm little disappointed the ranch they serve is store bought. Other than that the sandwich was really good. The bread was heavenly and the meat was superb! Fries were flavorful and crispy. I'd come back if I was in the neighborhood but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
5	This place is so good I honestly am at a loss for words.  They literally have the best Cheese steak I have ever had.  I highly recommend stopping by for lunch sometime.  The portions are huge so bring your appetite. They have parking in the back so don't be intimidated if you don't see parking when you first drive by.
5	Over the top cheesesteaks. Best in Phoenix, perhaps the world. Amazing food and friendly service. Best ever.
5	Perfection. Read Maria M's review from 6/28. It is spot on.I say this with no hesitation whatsoever: This is the best sandwich in Phoenix. No contest.I've had a few of the items on the menu but I'm sold on The Phoenix. Spicy, but not too spicy. Savory, with whatever that aioli business is and the cheese. But the hero of this sandwich is the meat and the bread. The steak is the best quality around. It's tender and juicy and there's no fight to it. Your teeth just cut right through it like soft butter. The bread is obviously thought out as well. Slightly crispy on the outside, but not so crumby that you're left with a mess. And warm and soft on the inside. The bread soaks up the sauces but doesn't become soggy. An impressive feat.Every time I've been in there I've been greeted with a smile and attentive service. Take the time to seek out this gem.
5	The Coronado is awesome.  Caramelized onions, Red Bell Peppers, Provolone Cheese and homemade Horseradish cole slaw.  Topped with fried onion ring and roasted chile mayo.  It is cheesesteak goodness.  The place looks sketchy from the outside, but inside is VERY clean and nice.  Staff are very friendly and attentive.  I have been here a dozen times since I started the draft of this review, and they are still worth every bit of the 5 stars.  The rib-eye meat they use is so good and makes for great sandwiches, my family has taken to calling it 'dragon meat'...(we already call the Capistromi @ Capriotti's 'unicorn meat')...they are so good it's mythical.
5	We had the misfortune of arriving just after a man had ordered 15 sandwiches to go.  However, our 20 minute wait was well worth it.  My friends both remarked that their cheesesteaks were the best they'd ever had, and the fries were amazing.  I did try a couple fries and it was difficult to stop at two. I had the grilled chicken salad with cilantro dressing - the only thing remotely healthy on the menu. It's probably offered as an afterthought, but it was still really delicious.  The best part by far though was the owner (there were only two people running the restaurant during our lunchtime visit).  He was very gracious about the orders being behind, and offered us a free meal on our next visit.  We refused it, because we realize he's a new local business and he was busting a$$ to make sure all his customers walked out satisfied.  And we did. Luckily we had an hour to spare, but even if we were late going back to work, I think the excuse-making would have been worth it.  Definitely beats Jersey Mike's for a cheesesteak, and supports local business.  Five stars.
5	I run a business in the same complex, so I got to meet the owners and check out the place for lunch before I opened my shop.  The food is so good that I must restrain myself from eating there daily.   I've tried the regular sandwich, but prefer the specials.  The "Fire" and "Carne Asada" are my two current faves, with the "Coronado" coming in a close third.  These sandwiches are delicious to the point where I end up eating the bits of cheese that stick to the wax paper.  These guys are doing it right.  Quick, friendly service, decent prices, FRESH ingredients, and sticking to what they are best at...the best damn Cheesesteak in town!
5	These are some great cheesesteaks. I have come here multiplier times and have never left unhappy. The staff are nice and the food is delicious.  Also try the 'Cheesesteak Fries' they are freakin amazing! I am glad I work next to this place, always a great lunch.
3	After reading the existing Yelp reviews on this place, it's time for some tempering of expectations.  This is a food truck inside of a building.Not that there's anything wrong with that.  But it's not the best cheesesteak in the world.  It's not the best sandwich in Phoenix.  It's an OK sandwich, and I don't even know if you can call it a cheesesteak.If it were a cheesesteak, the meat would be chopped, not diced.  And they would have cheeze whiz.These sandwiches are certainly OK.  You won't eat here and feel like you had a bad meal.  But if you want a more authentic cheesesteak, go to Corleone's, or even Best of Philly (though I haven't been there for years).  If you want a better cheesesteak-like sandwich, go to De Falco's.If you're in the neighborhood and you want a decent, affordable sandwich that is similar to a cheesesteak, but won't necessarily blow you away, then yeah, give this a shot.  But superlatives are a bit out of the question here.
4	The best cheese steak I've ever had, but that's not saying much since I'm not fond of the cruddy meat used in most cheese steak sandwiches. Here they use quality meat in their sandwich and the flavor and turnout shows that it's working. The problem is that they don't have the man power to pump out the sandwiches fast enough for me to go there during lunch. You could wait upwards of 30 minutes for your food. Too long for me. I hope they fix this problem in the future. I'll give em a try again in a month or so.
4	The Phoenix Cheesesteak Co. adds a new flavor to the Coronado district, which along 7th St. is home to some of the best local restaurants.I thoroughly enjoyed my "Westside," a gigantic cheese steak made with portobello mushrooms, bell peppers, avocado, onions, provolone and chili mayo.  The bread was fantastic, as was nearly everything else.  I do agree that the "chunks" of steak might not be the best idea, as some of them are a little gristly (to the point of looking for pieces to avoid).  That didn't stop me from finishing the sandwich from end to end.  The chili may is delicious... and this is coming from someone whose biggest fear is mayonnaise. On top of that, the place is shiny-clean, and the service is top-notch.  I'm convinced I was helped by the owner, and his motivation is clearly to provide the best possible customer service.  I could walk here from home, but it just feels so much better to drive after one of these belly busters.
1	Disgusting sandwich. I should have known better when the owner?? told me that they do things different here like cutting their rib eye pieces very thick. If that isn't enough to send you running (if you are a loyal cheesesteak fan in the know) than certainly the taste of the food will get you later. I opened my small make-your own ($7) Philly (white american, peppers, onions) and the first thing I saw was a piece of fat the size of mini-ice cube attached to the steak which the owner said they hand carve all the time. Somebody must have been a bit lazy and missed a giant piece of fat. A chunk of fat that big would not get past even the biggest idiot cutting meat.    The whole idea of trying to do something different with cheesesteaks is nice, but too many folks (well maybe not Phoenix natives) have specific standards for cheesesteaks and you just can't break these decades old rules and create a loyal following of true fans. Cut the meat thin like every other place in the world and pay attention to what your serving. At least the guy was nice when I called to inform him and he told me to come back and make it right. Hold the fat please.  Oh the fries and onion rings are straight out of the ole baggy. Makes me wonder about the ribeye - if you can't cut your own fries, why would you use the best quality meat? They might be cutting corners for a profit.??Response to Owner :The only way to tarnish your restaurant's business is to serve us meat with fat chunks that you could literally choke on. Smart Yelpers will realize that is safer to eat your dinner out of a dumpster than risk choking on Phoenix fat.USDA Choice is not the best cut of rib eye, it is USDA Prime that is top of the line. Certified Angus means a black hide. Your considering non-frozen fries? why thank you so much for considering serving people fresh stuff.
5	This place was AMAZING! I got "the westside" & it was fantastic! The regular is quite large & a delcious mix of sauces & veggies. The mayo & avacado mix was the best thing ever. Great sharable side of fries too. The staff was very nice & quick. Definitely will be coming here again!
3	Well, I must say I was quite impressed with this place. It almost got a four star rating from me, and that's VERY rare. As always, I checked up on Yelp and also the Maricopa County health inspections site to make sure this place wasn't a liability waiting to happen to my stomach. Seemed quite legit from what I read, so I joined in with group of workmates for lunch yesterday. The parking spots out the front are absolutely ridiculous and appear impossible to park a car in - if you had a regular sedan in one of the spaces, its butt would literally be on the sidewalk and about a half yard from the kerb. Just plain weird. So we parked around the corner in front of a minimart and walked back. Interior is nice and clean, I was sort of expecting it to be more on the dingy side. It's one of those place-order-at-counter-and-they-bring-it-to-your-table places. Fairly limited menu, but then again it's a cheesesteak joint, not Claim Jumper.I ordered the Coronado minus the peppers. Plenty of the items appear to have jalapenos or habaneros, and once upon a time that'd have been just fine with me, but I've softened over the years. I got a side of fries and a drink. The food took a while to be made; not too long, maybe about 15 mins? They certainly didn't seem to be goofing off in the kitchen though. Out came the food and I was very pleasantly surprised. I'm not one of these wankers who walk in already predisposed against a place, ready to start judging how sh1t is done in "Philly" or "Chicago" and who wind up missing the point completely (see my highly-rated review of the now-closed Frank-N-Steins in Surprise for more rage on this subject *8-), I was simply there to have a good meal. And I sure got one. The food was delicious.. bread was soft and fresh, meat was tender as hell and the chilli mayo was pretty much all world. I haven't had a sandwich that tasty in.. well, in about a week, actually, since I had an All-American Grinder at Uncle Sams. Shoestring fries were pretty good too. Uncle Sams' are better. I'm not really a "crisp fries" guy, but.. these were good.The only thing bringing my rating down to the usual average is the price. My whole sandwich was $9.75 plus tax. And an additional $2.50 for the fries and drink. That's just a little too expensive for lunch. I've had burritos as big as my forearm packing just as much flavour for $5.95, and while I get the whole "it's super delightful, ultra-quality, hand-chopped ribeye" thing, ten bucks for a mid-sized hoagie regardless of whether or not it contains sauteed unicorn nuts is too steep to make me want to return as frequently as I otherwise would. Weird how a half is $8 and a whole is a buck senny five more. Seems almost like movie popcorn pricing to me.Don't get me wrong, this was probably the best cheesesteak I've ever eaten and everyone I was with agreed, and it's a surprisingly neat little establishment where you might actually want take out-of-town tie-wearers for lunch, but it's just a tad on the pricey side IMO.
5	This place is ON POINT! Steak is cooked to perfection, sauces are delicious, even the bread is the right density.This is one place I love to take people just to see their first bite. I highly recommend the "Phoenix" for the first visit. Unless you can eat a lot... just got with the regular size.
5	what the hell is this witchcrafti've never even liked the thought of a cheesesteak before and now look what you've done to mei'm a cheesesteak monster
5	I was hungry for Cheese Steak but I'm usually disappointed. I did check Yelp and decided to take the chance on Phoenix Cheese Steak. Without the reviews, I might have drove right past the place. I drove from the far North West valley with the hope of finding a great sandwich, but expecting only fair to good.I found great! Hot full of flavor! What a change from most places. Well worth the 20 mile trip! And I'll be back!  I've started passing the word around the office.On this trip, I couldn't resist having "The West Side" it was delicious as were the fries.I've tried several places in my search for a great Cheese Steak, in Phoenix this is the best I've found.
5	If you lived here in the 80's you probably remember the old Taste of Philly. It was there as a young boy that my love of cheese steaks was born and I've been aimlessly searching for a suitable replacement since they left. I had high hopes for the Phoenix Cheese Steak Co and was not disappointed! PCSC has taken the cheese steak and and pumped it full of innovative steroids. Shaved meat is replaced by chunks of Angus Rib Eye. Although skeptical of this at first, it is hard to complain about after first biting into the tender high quality meat that bursts with flavor. Of course the purists can get it with their beloved cheese sauce and onions (also delicious) but the real genius  here lies in the less traditional topping combos. Chili mayo, green chilies, portobello mushrooms, and horseradish slaw are just a few favorites.  The thin cut fries are outrageous  and the bread is delicious and always fresh. After many a visit to the Phoenix Cheese Steak Co, I have had nothing but amazing dining experiences! Do yourself a favor and check them out today - your stomach will love you and hopefully help this uniquely delicious spot become a Phoenix mainstay!
5	After eating at the PHX Cheesesteak Co. for the second time in less than a week, I am compelled to write a review.  I had the special both times and added fries and a drink.  The tastiest sandwich I've ever had!  Do yourself a favor and sink your teeth into ribeye sandwich heaven!  Two thumbs UP!This is NOT your dried out, gray-colored shaved steak strips which need to be slathered in aerosol cheese so you don't choke when swallowing it!The ribeye meat was so flavorful, juicy and cooked perfectly.  The seasonings on the soft chunks of ribeye keep you coming back for more!  The roll was perfect.  The special came with Blue Cheese chunks, caramelized onions, mushrooms and provolone cheese.  All I know is that it was delicious!  Of course, if you don't like blue cheese there are all types of different combos from which to chose.The fries:  perfectly done.  Nice and crispy on the outside and soft in the middle--both times.The owner, Ron, is a great guy.  We went during the off peak hours and were able to talk with him a bit.  Good people.  I hope Guy Fieri or some other food channel celebrity shows up soon to profile this place.  It deserves the attention!
5	Well this place is just fantastic.  So much so that I had it two days in a row!!!  Brought some co-workers with me the second day and they all agreed!!!The Phoenix is my new favorite sandwich - and it's great with the chicken!  Everyone else had steak and we all just loved it.
5	If you are like me, love the sound of Philly Cheesesteak and have never felt fulfilled by their promise and under deliverance. Look no more The Phoenix Cheesesteak Co will blow your tastebuds with their delicious Philly Cheesesteak's done right! I promise you won't regret it! I love these guys so much I brought back all of my co-workers. Nothing but love and great taste!
5	Pretty cool place. Nicely lit inside and comfortable, too. I had the Westside, but with chedder instead of provolone. I think meant to say cheese whiz but oh well.. next time. The food is really good. i think there's a secret sauce they put in my sandwich that was not listed on the description. The bread is nicely toasted. I was hesitant about eating here because i have acid reflux and that is no fun. I often nap after i eat and laying down and acid reflux don't go well together. Anyway i will go back and get the Westside with Cheese wiz this time...and pop a Prilosec before this time. I highly recommend it.
5	Just ate the best Philly ever....of course I've never been to Philly but damn!  I ordered the Phoenix and it was the most phenomenal Philly cheese steak sandwich in my life.  The place is very small and casual but they are very clean and modern inside.  Parking in front blows but they also have parking in back.  I challenge you to try this place if you think you know a better place....then message me so I can be the judge!  Ha ha I have been trying not to give 5 stars away so easily anymore but I could not resist.  This place deserves 10!
2	good food but bad customer service experience...not sure if I will go backdad has been going here and wanted me to try- so we goI pick up the bill because I am awesome like that, but it asks for a tipwhich is odd because I 1. haven't tried the food yet2. don't know how the place is run (are they going to SERVE ME or is it just counter I order at like In&Out)So I tip a few bucks to be niceThen the food comes and I am told"we ran out of large rolls so yours got put on a smaller one, but don't worry we put the large amount of meat on it"so wait....I am getting LESS food and am told don't worryWould have been nice if the person ringing us up TOLD us they were out while we were placing our order.And not sure how giving someone LESS food is somehow an acceptable option when serving a customerMaybe a "here is a small sandwich and an extra half" so you are getting MORE would have been a better choice.Didn't make a stink because with dad, but not sure how the owner in back would let that fly...
