4	The Butcher gives this spot a razors edge above the rest. I myself a true New Yorker know GOOD,GREAT, PHENOMENAL, PIZZA! and Tony's is near perfection. they got the formula...big slices, thin crust, great sauce and real cheese.  i mean one slice is like 2 slices with extra still to go around! pound for pound best slice of pizza spot and good quality atmosphere.
3	Listen Chicago pizza is the best hands down! With that in mind, this pizza is pretty good, and the chicken philly is really good!. Good prices and the place has a neighborhood feel not that Charlotte would anything about that. parking is tricky but definitely if in this area this a great place for a slice. They have other sister stores throughout Charlotte, I can only vouch for this one
5	I am a huge fan of Tony's.   The pizza is always fresh, the ingredients are large, and the pie is hot.   Out of 30 or so times of ordering pizza at this specific location, I have never been disappointed.  When my folks come down from VA they demand to go eat here for lunch, with or without me.The service is not exceptionally good but I an overlook that for a few moments of folded pizza, greasy fingered goodness.  I highly recommend this spot for those that enjoy pizza.
4	NC sucks for pizza.  Growing up I always got to pick from Domino's and Pizza Hut.  It was a big deal when Papa John's came around, so I love it when there are other pizza places!  Tony's is great!  I am not from NY, so I'm not going to say I know anything about NY pizza, but I really enjoy it.  It's not too greasy compared to others (but still greasy), and I really love it with jalapenos.  However, I love anything with jalapenos, so maybe don't count that.  But the pizza is great!  Thin and gooey crust and HUGE slices.  They don't deliver which can be frustrating, but go for some good pizza instead of those chains next time and check out Tony's!
5	Best 'NY' style I've had since moving from PA ... I've been to all of their locations and the quality is consistent @ each one. HUGE slices ... Give it a shot. You won't be disappointed.
5	Most of the time, I think this is the best pizza in Charlotte. I mean, I like different styles, so I do go other places, too. But if you want "NY Style" pizza, this is the place. Fresh ingredients, a chewy, hand tossed crust, and just right pizza sauce. Great stuff! One negative note. If you are going for slices, Tony's only allows Cheese or Pepperoni on "slice" orders. To get it just how you want it, you have to order a whole pie. Easy parking, open for lunch and dinner.
4	Overall a great experience...a friend and I stopped tonight and got 'fried ravioli' a new and very rewarding food experience as our appetizer.  For the main dish, we ordered a 19 inch pizza with several yummy toppings.  I really loved that the crust was hand made in front of us and it had a nice crunch to it (I hate flimsy pizza!).  My only complaint was that the pizza was just a tad greasy....but I suppose the grease is what gives it some of the yummy flavor.  I also thought the prices were very reasonable....our extra large pizza...two drinks, and two appetizers for 25 bucks.  If you are in the university area, are craving pizza, and are sick of papa johns or dominos, I'd definitely give Tony's a try!
4	This is the second location I've visited and the experience is quite the same!  Great food for a great price.  I still think Tony's Pizza has the most consistently genuine NY-style pizza in town!  Their ingredients are fresh, hot, and oh! so yummy!Located along the busy streets of Research Park doesn't help matters, however.  Navigating into the area is a bit tricky.  Once you make it, however, you'll be glad you braved the wilderness!  They serve pizza by the slice...and my Quick Tip from the other location stands:  Start with one, and order as you go!  These things are gigantic!  I've decided to start calling them the Pizzilla slices!  Anyway...Noosh!
3	Just cant get enough of this place. The cheese pizza by the slice is so good. It's only bread, cheese, and sauce but it makes me happy.  The chickn philly sandwich is great too. I recommend it if you have not tried it.
4	I didn't realize this place had more than one location.  I'm a fan though since the original one I went to first was in Matthews and both experiences have been great.  Lunch today was pretty busy (a good sign) but I wasn't in a big rush to get back to the office for work...  I had a ham calzone... man it was gi-normous.  I saved half of it for later.... I am starting to drool just thinking about chowing down on my left-overs.Everyone seemed to be enjoying their food, whether it be pizza, a hot sandwich, and yes - I saw a couple of salads out there too.  Since my office is close to UNCC there were a lot of college kids in there [taking up space] j/k - everyone has a right to get good food... I just happened to notice the abundance of people that were younger than me.
4	Not bad ny style pizza but I'm a chicago style fan so. It's just ok
2	On my last visit to Tonys I was expecting the same old staff and the same great food.  The food has remained the same, but the staff has changed a little and this is the reason for the review. I took a friend last week for lunch since we work nearby. After ordering we sat down and the food came shortly afterward.  We were satisfied with everything until some guy comes from the back to wipe off the tables and he looked like the inspiration for the "pants-on-the ground" song.  Only this was the "Italian" version of pants-on-the-ground.  I was immediately disgusted and I am seriously considering not coming back.
4	For a pizza spot its a grade A. BIG ASS slices of pizza only do 1 unless your hungry hungry... Only bad thing they close to early
4	Tony's Pizza has great cheese pizza.  It is always so hot that if I don't wait a while, I will burn the top of my mouth!  Even when I know I shouldn't be eating pizza, I savor each bite because it is so good.
3	Well I don't know how to say this but I don't actually like pizza that much. That said I thought the pizza here was just decent. The decor is very bare and may be nonexistent, but it's just a quickie pizza joint so we'll let that slide.Came for lunch and thank goodness my friends ordered for me before I got there because it looks like the service here takes forever. No bueno for the lunch hour rush crowd! I thought the pizza would be super awesome since I got to look at them making the pizza but it turned out to be just average, but then again I'm no pizza connoisseur.Maybe not an every day eatery for me since it's fairly out of the way but it's not the worst option in the area and prices are fairly decent for the huge portion you get (I had trouble finishing half of my pizza slice).
2	I've been going to Tony's since it opened in Ballantyne and always thought it to be the best in Charlotte. But since it was sold last year, it has gone downhill quickly.The pizza has changed for the worst and one of my favorite menu items, Chicken Parm dinner tastes like a container of salt. Yes, it's not just one time but 3 times now the quality on this item is just too bad to eat and had to return it.And when at the counter and a customer asked for a pie with fresh mushrooms, the person on duty stated the mushrooms come from a can. From now on, I'm sticking with Lorenzo's which IS the best pizza in Charlotte.
4	If I was going to get pizza in the University area of Charlotte, I would probably go here.  Very good NY style pizza.  I was surprised when I ordered the wings though.  I thought they were going to be hot wings.  When they came out they were plain breaded wings with a few packets of Texas Pete hot sauce.  I was pretty disappointed at first but after discovering how to fix them up, I was pleased.  The wings are plain but they are good and juicy.  What I did, is I poured the Texas Pete all over them and than covered the wings in Parmesan cheese.  Very Good!
4	In Charlotte it seems there is quite the shortage of "good pizza" and I say that very loosely. Everyone has their own "perfect" pizza, its all very subjective. Tony's has some pretty damn good pizza. We usually stay very simple when ordering pizza, and they succeed in doing it well! One of my favorite things about Tony's is when you order a large (19'') pizza, it barely fits in the box, so I feel like I am getting my moneys worth. Have also had garlic cheese bread which is very good, and they offer pizza slices, which you can't get everywhere. Crust is nice and crisp most of the time, they don't drown the pie in a ton of sauce. Staff is always very friendly and personable, which is a big bonus, as the majority of people you end up dealing with throughout your day are completely apathetic. Good solid place to get a pizza, they have won me as a fairly regular customer!
5	Tony's pizza is the closest thing in Charlotte to the pizza I grew up with in Long Island NY. Excellent!
4	Great service. Good Pizza. However, the sweat tea needs help.
4	Tony's is a fairly small operation that seems to get most of it's business from the Wells Fargo center across the street and the apartment complex that it's attached to.  The pizza is New York style, so this means that the slices are abnormally large.  Typically, a slice of cheese and slice of pepperoni are enough for my dinner.  Pizza is sold by the slice as well as whole pies.  If I remember correctly, only cheese and pepperoni are available by the slice.  They also have cheese steaks, stromboli, calzones, and other Italian fare.The location is clean and has a good atmosphere for dining in.  Extra cheese and red pepper is located behind the counter or near the fountain drink station.  The prices are fairly cheap, I don't believe there is anything other than a large pizza that is more than $20 on their menu.  Slices run around 2.50 - 3.25.
4	Look, I get it, Charlotte is not the Pizza capital of the world.  However, Tony's does a very good job.  The slices are oversized but very tasty.  It's doesn't have the same..."flop" as what a lot of people think of NY pizza to have, but I almost prefer it that way.  I haven't had it in years, but I agree with the previous review that I was not crazy about the style of sausage.  However it may have changed since then.  Now I just stick with what I know (green peppers FTW!).  It is 100% worth a stop if you are in the mood for a slice and in the area.
4	I love this place.  Big slices of thin crust New York Pizza.  It is located in a shopping center on a main road.  Very easily spotted in your a watchful driver.  If you are not, then it is possible to miss.  Free refills and huge pizza at a decent price.  4-Stars ****.  They are closing soon so don't miss out.
5	Needing some NYC style pizza and this fits the bill!
4	I love this place.....and the huge pizza!!!!!!!!!
5	Yes! Yes! Yes! This is the best pizza I've had in charlotte since Hawthorne's pizza. This is leaps and bounds above every other pizza place in university. When you walk in it reminds you of an early 90's fast food place but man does the food speak for its self. They sale pizza by the slice all day or you can get a whole pizza made fresh in front of you. The portion size is beyond copious and there are really good lunch specials.  You can tell that everything is made by hand because every time you order an item its liable to come out looking slightly different than the last. The salads are large and the pizza slice truly has to be folded over in order to eat it! I you get two slices you won't eat for a week. Some items like the garlic knots are a little inconsistent but, I can easily over look this because the pizza is so good.
5	I love Tony's! Best New York pizza I can find! Always get the simply pepperoni slice. It comes out large, hot, and gooey!
5	Best pizza in North Carolina!!After having moved from the suburbs of Philadelphia, I had a difficult time finding great pizza. Many places offer the title of best pizza in Charlotte, but only Tony's can actually back that title up.  Hand tossed crusts, sauce that's not from a jar, delicate mozzarella.....perfection!  I had tears in my eyes at first bite. I have since been back several times. Pizza is kind of pricey - a 17" "medium" goes for about $15. And they are missing out on a huge market by not offering specials. But hopefully those will come soon. Oh and try the garlic knots. They're breathtaking.
3	A little pricey but not bad. Had the steak and cheese. More salad than meat.
4	Our office was sucked into the Papa John's franchised cheap pizza world. I had an epiphany and said let's try Tony's Pizza to change it up!!. We are all off the franchised pizza wagon and on to Tony's (they have a lot of locations now and they may be a chain or franchise, just not sure). The whole point is that this is one of the better pizza's I have had. I wish it were a little less oily, but it rocks on flavor and the pizza is so big that the price is comparable to the Papa john's and Pizza Huts.We will definitely be ordering pizza from Tony's again.
2	Ate here today with my 8 year old.  Multiple staff members were hanging around in the dining room cursing within a few tables of where we were sitting.  I don't want to have to explain what the F word is over supper.  :(   Eggplant parm. sandwich super greasy.  Pizza is NY style, but sauce was bland.  First time eating here.  We won't be back.
4	For some reason Charlotte, which is filled with amazing food, has a tough time figuring out pizza and wings. After some recommendations, we decided to try a pizza from Tony's. Unfortunately, they don't deliver, but the location wasn't too far from our house. Overall, the pizza was great. In terms of NY style pizza, this is the best we have had so far in Charlotte. The pizza is thin and flavorful, and the crust is chewy and crispy. The slices are MASSIVE, too. We ordered and XL pizza and it could barely fit in the backseat of our car. If you are looking for good NY style pizza, I would definitely recommend Tony's.
4	I like their huge pizzas. I like more sauce on mine than they actually add. I always ask for extra sauce. Quality products are used. The staff are pretty cool. Clean.
3	Recently came back here and yes, the pizza and concept is still good, just not the execution.  Yes, I did go during the lunch rush, but it just seemed like I had to wait forever for two slices of cheese (reheated at that).The slices are still huge (NY Style) and definitely filling, but something is left to be desired.  Can't really put my finger on it, but it may just have been a "perfect storm" that day when I came in.  It is probably because someone else that came in behind me got served before I did - or they stole my order but it does leave a bad taste in  your mouth.  Yes- it is the customer's fault, but I think they should have a better system instead of calling out orders that may or may not have been duplicated by different customers.
5	coming from a northerner who has moved to the south - you CANT find good New York pizza in charlotte UNLESS you come to Tonys! it NEVER disappoints and always satisfies my "homesick" cravings. their pies are gigantic and you really get a New York / New Jersey shore feel when you walk in the door. it's authentic pizza and absolutely delicious!! if you haven't tried it - do it NOW!
4	There Pizza is solid.  The place is clean .  Their prices are reasonable.  NY/NJ people, they make zepoles.  Pretty dam good.
5	Just a quick update - I have been to Tony's several several several more times since I discovered it and I am never disappointed. Tried the garlic knots which are very garlicky and yummy. Mozzarella sticks are good too. I still stick to pizza for my 'main' dish. And if you ask for a small cup of marinara sauce to dip the crust in they will oblige. I've brought family from Philadelphia here for lunch when they've visited and they raved about it.
3	Lot's of Tony's around, this one is good food, but after many tries, I prefer other locations. Sad because this is very close to me. Seems there may have been a management change recently and this location has slipped a bit more.
4	You like pizza....Tony's is the place in Charlotte!  The XL slices are enormous and can feed 5 to 6 people.  Their cheese is very flavorful as with pizza it should be. I was very happy with the sauce cheese combination as well as the crust not being super thick and overpowering the pie.  The salad was also great! The portion was humongous and full of the trimmings that come along with the salad.  It was enough the share as well.  When choosing a pie now, Tony's has set the standards.  Everything was fresh and prepared upon order, so nothing sits under heat lamps or pre made in the fridge.  If pizza is what you want...Tony's is where to go.
5	Phenomenal New York Pizza! One if the best pizzas I have ever had in my life. Very delicious. The service was top notch here and very fast as well. It is very affordable pricing along with a cozy setting. :) Highly recommend this place!
5	Love this place... Pizza is always fresh, and hot, I know cause I burnt my mouth a few times lol... The garlic knots are amazing, sometimes I come in just for them (big garlic fan), I have also had the chicken parm sandwich and it is also good, best NY Style pizza I have found in NC! A regular customer.
5	This was a last minute pick after returning a rental to triple a!! The pizza was delicious, fresh, and quick service. The staff was so friendly. Got pizza, wings & salad. Will definitely be back when around!
3	This place is good overall accept for the fact I don't like that they don't use plastic gloves when making sandwiches or any food at that matter!
5	We drove past this place a million times, but actually seen it when we went to the ATM and I am so glad we did. Located right off of W.T. Harris blvd in worthington Shoppes. Friendly staff, authentic pizza and a nice dinning area. They really put thought into the pizza. From the first bite to the last the standard of quality is there. Delicious sauce to cheese ratio. Crust was nice and crunchy. Definitely a 5 star for experience and taste.
5	I rarely do the review thing but I had to this time.  Super friendly staff and ohhh the food.  The garlic knots may be the best I've had in Charlotte... No joke they are baked perfectly.  The pizza is legit and on par or better than anything I've had in Charlotte.  Definitely coming back for sure!
1	Took pizza back because crust was over cooked and had a bitter taste. Management had such an unprofessional attitude ... it was incredulous!The manager loudly shouted at me ... "other customers like the pizza the way it is..." Those other customers stood by smiling. I said ... "then let them eat your pizza." After going on and on about how the pizza was good etc.            I said that was his opinion and mine differed. I also said that I would not be back ... and the manager said "Don't come back." On that we did agree.Poor food ...and even worse customer service.
