5	In today's world, people don't stop and take the time to say thank you to the people who help you and are upfront and honest. I wanted to take say thanks to Ralph and his crew for a job that went beyond the normal course of doing business. Needing a reliable moving company to relocate my son to Blythe, CA from the east valley I reached out to several movers and to my surprise there were not many good businesses to deal with in this field in the area. They were either over priced, rude on the phone, or gave a low price and would not back it up with a quote. I finally found Ralph at azactivemovers.com. Ralph was courteous, upfront with a written quote, and did a great job, making the move very pleasurable for my family. So if you need a reliable business reach out to him a business you can trust here in AZ.
5	Ralph the owner does awesome work, that's all there is to it. Had a relatively easy job for him (washer and dryer). Sadly it was 113 today when I had him move it. He did an awesome job! Very quick, very professonal! Ralph, if you ever read this,  thank you so much! You took a huge load of stress off me!
5	I had a great experience with Ralph and Active Movers.  They coordinated an office move from multiple locations.  Though it was not the easiest move, with a warehouse and some tricky stairs, they were fast, pleasant and professional, and all at a very fair price.  They even offered to help remove some large empty boxes from a prior move.  I recommend them highly, and would use them again without hesitation.
1	DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY! If you can call it that. Had my move schedule for today 9-17-2014, sent conformation email last week and spoke to the clown over the phone. Call him today asking where he was and he said he doesn't remember scheduling!!! Spoke with another moving company and they said they had to clean up Active Movers mess multiple times Clown that owns the companies name is Ralph and is super unprofessional.
5	It's rare you get better quality for less money. Well ACTIVE MOVERS did it. They did an amazing job, on time, wrapped everything perfect put all our belongings in new proper place. Assembled and worked efficiently. Came in under budget and work was the best. Use them and the owner Rafael and his crew are very friendly and enthusiastic. Enjoy your move, I sure did.
5	They moved my furniture yesterday, and they were on time, they did a very good job, I would definately recommend them and use them again.
5	Had them move me a few days ago for the second time in two years. Both times were amazing. I went with them due to affordable price and family recommended.  They were spot on both times with flawless service. I didn't get the owner either time but his 3 man crew both times were friendly and quick and didn't harm our brand new home. clearly the only person who didn't give 5 stars so far is the competition or had a miscommunication on their end...because I got multiple followup calls and confirmations.
5	Great experience. They called before coming and were on time. The quality of their work was excellent. They packed the truck and storage very efficiently. This was Phase I of our move. We moved items out of our home to a 10' X 15' Storage Unit. Phase II will be a long distance move. We definitely will use them again.
