4	This is the top venue for underground music scene in town. Underground music was not my style but I went when I got a free ticket from a lottery. It was a british band playing, apparently pretty famous in the 90s (again in the underground music world). This place is like the Middleeastern in Boston, except it is bigger, a bit nicer (no bear bottles on the ground), good sound. I guess if u r into punk, u will like it
4	One fine August day, a couple friends and I were walking down Ste. Cathrine looking for something to do.What appeared to be tour buses and metal roadies behind a large run down brick building were exactly that.We went over, asked them who was playing and were astonished.It was Necrophagist, Into Eternity and a host of others on the Canadian Summer Slaughter Tour (2008).Tickets were only $25, so we bought 5 for all of us.The place wasn't overly huge but the perfect size for a metal show.The moshes were unlike anything around the Boston area, much more intense, more people and throughout the whole song.Luckily, this is Montreal so everyone was like child size to me!All in all, I plan on coming back here, and planning a vacation around a metal concert if possible!
4	Was relatively undouche-y considering that (a) it's a big club downtown, (b) it was New Year's Eve and (c) it was open bar.  Bartenders were getting swarmed but they all worked pretty quickly.Good lightshow and the upstair area does offer some privacy and a place to rest for a bit.  Or a good vantage point to toss your underwear onto the dancefloor... just saying, is all...
4	For starters I'm a bit biased, since I saw my favorite band here (theres no way it could have been bad) but I was pleasently surprised by the intamicy of the place. I got there late and i was still close to the stage. It's pretty small, so you feel like you're a part of the action no matter where you're standing. There's also a balcony that goes all the way around the place, which probably gives you a great view if you're not a mosh pit kind of person. Theres not a bad amount of seating around the bar area, which is elavated, so you still have a good view of the stage.
2	The best part about going to club soda was the show we saw. The service was pretty awful - the show wasn't sold out, and yet when we got there (albeit after the first act finished) the coat check refused to check our coats, (even as people left permanently and asked the person running coat check if we could take their spots and also pay). So whatever, we stashed our coats - money saved for us.Then we got some drinks at the upstairs bar as it was less busy - to be met by an visibly annoyed bartender who was helping one server and maybe one other person with a drink. After paying for the tiniest tequila shots I've ever bought, served to us sans salt or lemon, she also didn't give us back change, and returned after we served ourselves lemon wedges asking if it was okay that she assumed we were giving that change we never saw as a tip. I know service at venues can be pretty to the point, but this may be some of the worst service I have ever received in Montreal.Only go if there is an act you want to see. There are so many other, more enjoyable venues in Montreal if you want to check out a random show.
