3	We had an office across the street from this restaurant and I had a funny experience I wanted to share.  The restaurant looks like it hasn't been renovated since it was built in the 70's so there's an interesting old school vibe here.  That night there was a "celebrity" chef on duty who was this little only man (probably all of 4' tall, 5' with the hat) came to our table to present his menu.  Being the only non-French speaker at the table, I relied on my colleague to assist me in my entree selection.  All sounded good until I asked why the chef emphatically suggested his Boeuf Bourguignon...She was in mid-conversation (are the French ever not? I love that.) and simply motioned to me by tugging on the side of her mouth, smiling and saying "oh, la, la".  - all suggesting to me that either she wanted to dance or that this dish was the most succulent beef this side of the Rhone.So it would appear that I'd be a complete fool, a dumb American, perhaps even the dreaded horse's ass to not order the Boeuf Bourguignon.   So I did (for myself AND the honor of my country).Being an American, I typically enjoy looking at my beef in either hockey puck patty or steak format (anyone with me?).  Upon first examination, what arrived on my plate was pretty close so I dug in....and it was indeed d-e-l-i-c-i-o-u-s.About half way through my dinner, I observed my two French colleagues (from Paris actually) giggling and looking in my direction.  Typically this means that I've either something sinister hanging from my chin or they have a plan to stick me with the bill.  However, when I inquired, they responded "we're just proud of you for being so adventurous".  Adventurous?  I asked. Adventurous.  The chef's specialty was in utilizing lesser known "parts" such as the neck, cheek and, um, jewels.  ...and so my adventure began.
1	Although highly recommended by our hotel concierge, this place should have had us running for the door soon after entering. Greeted by a gaggle of micro-mini-skirted sweet young things, we were told to find a seat on our own. The front room with the TV: no. The tiny, flourescent-lit bar area: no. The area festooned with disco mirrors and murals depicting 14 century French peasants: okay. At this point we should be asking ourselves, why stay? Hungry and tired, we proceeded. I was dying for a cassoulet, and that's what I ordered. My friend had a salade Nicoise. The cassoulet was tired and bland; the salad was missing dressing and was just tasteless. Thank god for a big pour of wine. We needed it.  We went next door to Ferreir's (Portuguese) where we'd eaten the night before to remind ourselves how enjoyable a meal could be.   Obe grilled calamari and a sorbet (and another glass of wine) later, we were happy.
2	Very overpriced average food- definitely a tourist trap. The wines were ridiculously expensive. $14 for a glass of bordeaux? C'mon!The best thing we got from the restaurant servers were recommendations for bars and lounges on Crescent St.
3	Not bad, but overpriced. Appetizer: Bone Marrow - Disapointing, average at best $13Main: Calf Liver - seared with onion which was good. vegetable was overcooked. $25The atmosphere is a bit strange. Mixture of Bistro and Hooters ( female waiters running around in black miniskirts).
3	A little overpriced, but twice I've had good food here. The duck confit could have been more tender but it was good enough. The outdoor seating gives it a Euro feel, but the American music kinda kills it.
1	What I get for not having the energy to check Yelp before dining somewhere is a mediocre meal like we had here.  We just walked by and randomly decided to dine here.  The hostess and our waitress were very kind - but the service was SLOW and the food bland.  Dressing up all the ladies in skimpy clothes does not make the food taste any better.  Their kitchen also needs to learn how to marinate foods or use sauces to their advantage.  Here's a quick breakdown: - bone marrow - so bland and not worth it.  The bones are not cut lengthwise, so the unseasoned marrow is deep and hard to get to.  - chicken panini - the chicken was dry from being over cooked and it was under seasoned.  The panini could have used some spread or sauce inside since it was very dry and bland.- fish and chips - the fish was okay but the fries were all little bits in both my husband and brother's order of it - it looked like they got the very bottom of the bag of frozen fries.My recommendation is to move onto another restaurant...sorry Alexandre Restaurant.
4	I noticed many of the reviews complained about the prices... I stopped by for lunch and had a great meal on the patio/sidewalk... Had the lunch menu, tomato salad and bocconcini to stars followed by the grilled salmon - it was excellent in portion size and taste.  Had a pint and a half of beer to accompany the meal and all was good - this is an "in" spot so you are going to pay more for everything - as long as you know that before you sit down - your good!
2	"Tourist trap" pretty much sums up this restaurant with mediocre food, service and atmosphere. I don't mind paying more money for quality, but things were far from exceptional. A 12oz beer was $10, and steak and fries was $30. The girls were nice to look at, but nothing more.
1	This is a 0 star review. $10 for a beer and $4 for a Pepsi? Plus the servers assumed that we didn't speak French! ALLEZ VOUS FAIRE ENCULER.
