5	This place has friendly staff who after a few times will greet you by your name. They treat you as a valued customer.  If you like deep tissue massage - please ask for Pat she is the best! She is very in- tune with your needs and will not disappoint in providing a therapeutic & relaxing state of mind.
5	I've been coming to LaVida for a long time now.  I have had to try a few therapists before I settled on one (then she got waaaay to social and talkative so I wasn't finding it relaxing and so I had to find another one there I liked better) but now I really enjoy and look forward to my therapist... reasons why I LOVE her as my therapist: she is well-versed in her job - how the body works and the mind-body connection; she's very experienced; she is has a calm, gentle, pleasant nature about her; she has a gift for her job; she is a yoga instructor, so she has lots of tips; her work is consistently thorough, forceful when needed and gentle when needed... another important fact (to me, at least), she knows when to talk and when not to talk.  I love that about her!  If a therapist is AWESOME and she won't shut the hey up about gossip - how the heck are you supposed to relax?  I'm sure you'll find you want another therapist because the whole point is to relax, not catch up on gossip.. that's what your coworkers are for!The ambiance at the location is very nice except for this nauseatingly stinky potpourri they have in a hot pot that is new and is sooo gross.. besides that tiny little detail, I really like the place - elegant, relaxing, comfortable rooms with appropriate lighting and awesome beds with heated blankets if you chose so.The staff up front have always been great and welcoming.They have a monthly plan.. $49 auto deducted monthly for 1 session and you can share them w/ another person or if you can't make it, they roll over.  Also, it's easy to cancel and add'l services are greatly discounted (ie. more massages, facials, etc).I'm a fan!
4	As I sat in this dim room with pure moods music playing....I anticipated my massage.....fast forward...So the next morning I woke up....wow I felt great....hit the gym....felt awesome. Why? All because if the massage I got from this place. They did a very good job on swedish massage....very relaxing and had hard time getting up. Friendly service too! First timers cost $40! Well 39.95....but I am rounding.
5	EXCELLENT FACIALS! If you're prone to breakouts don't leave without PCA Blemish Bar!
4	My first experience with LaVida spa was just what I needed!! Plus the new client$39 special doesn't hurt either! My therapist (forgot her name after being lulled into relaxation by her work) made sure to make me comfortable and was great with judging pressure. They offer a monthly program I will probably need to sign up for as I'm ready to go back! :)
5	Today was my first time here at LaVida, and my masseuse Ann was FANTASTIC.I have a lot of scar tissue and knots in my mid and upper back and after just an hour with Ann I feel like a new woman. Although I wouldn't have considered getting a membership before I am strongly considering it now.Comparatively speaking, it seems like this place is a much better value than competitors like Massage Envy, where I feel like the quality of your massage experience is based on how good your luck is any given day. The facilities at LaVida were nice and clean and the front desk staff was friendly and courteous. I had an excellent experience here and will definitely be giving them more of my business.
4	I went last week for a massage and Kris was AWESOME!! This was probably the best massage I have ever had in my life, and I'm no newbie.  I have been running and working out a ton and have been so sore all over.  She made sure that i didn't have any injuries, and was super nice.  She also focused a lot on my legs which was AMAZING :) When I finished the massage I went to pay, and was convinced to do their monthly membership.. Which is fine, I am training for a half, and it might be nice for the next couple of months.  I also had a gift card that I was using to pay with that day.  The reason why I am giving 4 stars is because they had already charged my card so I was charged twice for the massage.  Not a horrible problem, and they did call to fix it right away, but it is still slightly annoying.
1	Totally disappointed... I had to update this review, because of my extremely frustrating experience.  I had a massage scheduled for Friday, September 27th at 5:00pm.  5 is pushing it for me to get there, but I scheduled it then, so no big deal, nice to end m y week there, nice and relaxed.  So I was rushing to leave work to get there on time.  I was at Gilbert and Germann (one street away) at 5pm, gave them a quick call, and told them I would be there any minute (I understand if they had to knock 5 min off my massage).  When I called the girl at the front, she wasn't clear in saying they didn't have me down, but said there was a problem, and asked if I could see a male masseuse.  I wasn't comfortable with that, and asked what the problem was? Did they not have me scheduled?   She said they did but my masseuse had quit, and so they weren't able to accommodate me.  Again, I understand that people leave, but they NEVER called to tell me this.  They never tried to reschedule me, they never called to try to get me in with someone else.  So I was already mad, but I worked in a salon and understand that things happen.  However, the girl at the front was NOT accommodating at all. Since I was around the corner I went in to talk to them. Upon my arrival, I informed them that I was going to cancel my membership, seeing as this was my first "official" month of the membership, and I had already been double charged, and now cancelled on with NO notice.  She said I would receive a call from Barbara the Spa Manager first thing Saturday, and they would comp my next massage.  But I have already paid, and there has been no refund as of yet, so we will see.  I waited patiently on Saturday for a phone call, I emailed Barbara on Friday asking her to call me as well, and it is now Monday, and I have heard absolutely nothing.  This is the most frustrating part of all of it to me.  This would NOT be a one star review if they had promptly called me to resolve the issue.  Now I am going to have to reach out to them.  Very disappointing, and poor poor customer service.  Hopefully they can get it together for the masseuse's sake, or they will have plenty more of them walking out the doors.  I highly suggest NOT doing their membership, save yourself the heartache.  Maybe go in for the introductory offer if you are looking for a good deal, but they aren't worth it long term.
3	This place is pretty good and the front staff is great. But the massage therapists sometimes are not always on par. I recently had an issue with one of the masseuses cutting my 2 hour massage by a half an hour. I wasn't too pleased. Front staff said they would take care of it next time around. We shall see. Otherwise no real complaints and the price is reasonable.
4	I've been a member for about 3 months and so far so good.The massages are nice, they have aromatherapy available which is awesome, but you do have to remind them you want it. They place hot towels on you after your massage which is nice as well. If you are like me with horrible neck and shoulders I would definitely recommend Tara.
5	Not sure why it says it's closed, because it's not. I had the best massage here yesterday! I would recommend Tara, she's amazing. The place is very well kept and they have great decor to make the place feel inviting.
4	My wife got me a 90 minute massage. I enjoyed the massage but I realized as I was putting my clothes back on that only 80 minutes had passed from the time my massage started.The atmosphere was nice. I thought the music was not as relaxing as it could've been. It was Christmas music.I may do business with this company again.
