1	I will not be coming back to this nail salon.The interior is very dingy and looks unclean, though not bad enough to call the health department.  They have about a million magazines piled everywhere that collect dust and make the air smell stale.  I should have known better than to stay.  The only reason I even tried this place is because it's so close to my house, it was late, and I was desperate for a manicure.I asked for solar nails and a pedicure.  The pedi was alright.  My technician gave me a thorough massage, and she did a good job trimming my calluses.  When she started on my nails, I zoned out with a magazine.  That was a mistake.  She didn't do solar nails at all, but rather the cheap single-coat acrylic.  By the time I noticed what she was doing, it was too late, so I let her finish.  I wouldn't have minded quite so much, except that she STILL CHARGED ME FOR SOLAR NAILS.  No one at the shop spoke good enough English to make arguing worthwhile.  I just paid it and left.To top it off, they do awful work.  It's been two weeks, and I'm missing a fingernail, two more are cracked down the middle, one is partially gone, and all of them are peeling up at the base and sides.  Oh, and my toes look like crap, too.  I thought she was just putting clear polish on them, but it turns out she put acrylic on them as well.  And yes, they, too, are peeling all over the place.  Awful.  Just awful.  I can't believe I was hornswaggled into paying 60 bucks just to look this bad.
1	Probably not the best nail place I've been too just because the place didn't seem that clean. Needs major work!I went here to get my nails done since it is right where I live and most of the nail salons I go to are in the Southwest of town (totally worth the drive after seeing this place). Anyway, I got a French Manicure, it wasn't bad. Ehh overall, I don't think I'd recommend this place.
1	I would never go to this salon if I had no other choice.. When the nail tech was massaging my feet and legs she was hurting me instead of making me feel good, when she was doing my toes, she kept cutting unnecessary skin, so when she was applying the nail polish, it was burning the spots on where she had cut too much skin. On top of all that, they charged my mom and I five dollars extra, each, because it took 'ten minutes' extra to take the gel nail polish off from the last time our toes were done. Yet the ladies kept talking to each other, and stopping to answer their cell phones.. I would never recommend this place to anybody I knew. ALSO, the lady never even put a clear coat on my toe nails, so the paint job is just terrible. I'm very upset that I wasted 50 bucks because after this, I will be going back to a different salon to have them redone.
1	Horrible and dirty place, this place gave me a toe infection that has not healed in over a month. I dont understand how they any customers. After reading the reviews I still gave them a chance, because it was close to my house and they have alot of foot traffic. Never again will I go here, too dirty to be open!!!!
1	I usually dont ever do reviews but this has to be the worst nail salon ive ever been to horrible service idk how they have licenses i highly to do NOTTTTT NOTTT RECOMEND!!! NOT EVEN FOR emergencies!!!! The girl that was doing my nails got mad because i wanted my nail designs even which i think is understandable and so started taking of my nail polish saying all this rude stuff then she grabs my hand roughly trying to cut my nails WTFFFFF is her deall!???! Horrrible .. You cannot be a nail designer if you dont have patience
1	Thought I'll give this place a try, despite all the bad reviews but boy was I wrong. I got a gel manicure and pedicure for cheap with the coupon in the mail (29.99 for mani/pedi and 7.99 for gel add on) BUT IT WAS NOT WORTH IT! I walked in and it wasn't too busy but the main lady seemed very annoyed, maybe it was a bad day... However attitude wasn't the problem, it was the terrible customer service. I sat in the pedicure chair for 15-20 minutes, and after the water got cold was when the lady started my pedicure. I definitely do not recommend this place.
4	I love the way they do my brows!! The only place I go to.. love them and their work..
