5	Tony and Kim are GREAT!!!!!!!  Great nieghborhood place and it's brand spanking new!!!!
5	This place is great! My mother in law got me a gift certificate here and I'm so thankful she did. 1. Everything is brand new and clean! 2. The guy who worked on me was so nice and gave me so much attention-scrubbing my feet, massaging, cleaning up and meticulous polish (I always think guys do a better Job anyways)3. They have new polish and carry my favorite brand Essie! 4. Excellent price-35 for mani-pedi= solid price 5. Will be back
5	I'm new to Henderson and needed my nails done. I stopped by a few places that were too busy before coming here on a Sunday afternoon. I was glad I was previously turned down because this will be my new go-to!! Joey did my shellac manicure and it is flawless. It is new so everything is very clean but the owners have been doing nails for years and their quality shows. So happy I found this place!!
5	OMG ITS AMAZING!!!! The staff was totally awesome and the guy who did my fullset was john? Ughh I'm so mad at myself for not writing his name down but he is awesome!! He helped me pick what I want he didn't rush me he talked to me and so did his staff which is actually something I'm not used to at all it was a really nice change :) I live right down the street from nail zone and I will defiantly be back!
5	My Daughter and I wanted to try a new nail salon and found the"Nail~Zone"...It was a very pleasurable experience for both of us!!The staff are congenial,friendly,and very attentive to you from the moment you enter their front door,we each had Gel pedicures and enjoyed relaxing while our legs were massaged with the hot/warm Lava stones:);)...I had a new full~set put on my nails by Joey,he was absolutelyTerrific!(Great personality as well)Tina is very professional and my feet are going to request her again:)!!They get 5 stars for customer service,they even offered a 20% discount special and you receive a card that they stamp for future shop credit.
5	Ok, I cheated on Nail Envy, but I am glad I did! Allison S. and I met here for pedicures on my lunch break. She beat me there, and they had hot water awaiting my arrival. Bonus points already! There were three technicians working, all very friendly and made conversation with us, but did not interrupt our girl talk either. We were happy with our pedis. Great massage, & hot rocks. Not too quick, and I will be upgrading to the deluxe next time for only $10 more. The salon is an average size, but clearly still new. There is not a HUGE variety of colors, gels and styles. However, on my second visit for a gel mani, I realized they can do just about anything you ask. I showed the girl, Tina, my Halloween costume and she asked if she could make up a design. I love what she came up with. I also noticed the girl next to me showing her nail guy a picture. So basically if they don't have the color or design you want, they will come up with a way to make you happy. I am glad I found this place early on, because they are going to be busy this holiday season. I can't wait to book with Tina again and see what she comes up with next.
5	They did an amazing job!!! I am  really  impressed. I have had a hard time finding  a place  I like and I couldn't  be happier. Wonderful  shop. Will definitely  be back!!
5	I needed a good place for a pedicure and after reading several reviews on Yelp about this place Dyanna L and I gave it a try. Since I got there first they warmed up the water for us while I picked my polish. They were sweet enough to wait tell Dyanna got there to start my pedicure. Meanwhile the water was all warmed up and I stuck my feet in and felt the wonderful jets! It felt amazing! Once Dyanna got there they started our pedi's and they even worked in Dyanna's other friend. All three of us were offered water which is always a nice touch in my book. I was super impressed with my pedicure. Every place I've been to in the past ends up hurting me because my feet are so sensitive, but they did not hurt me once. I was also excited when they massaged our legs with hot rocks, Talk about feeling pampered! It was great not to feel rushed after they painted our toes.They just let us sit and finish talking. Tina was so kind as to help me get my flip flops on. Super sweet of her. Their prices are also excellent $25 for my pedi and if I wanted the deluxe it's only $10 more!! It's been about 3 weeks since my pedi and the paint has not chipped or anything. I can't wait to go back for a mani and a pedi. I've been telling all my girlfriends this is the new spot in Henderson. YAY Nail Zone!
5	Love ....capital L.O.V.E. when I get my nails done here. Tina and Joey are the nail techs that I come to see when I get my nails done now.  Love the creative freehand nail design Tina did on my last visit. Sparkly, feminine and fun!  I have complete confidence that either Joey or Tina will come thru on whatever design I throw at them. I felt pretty pampered with the pedicure I get here too. Practically fell asleep in the massage chair. This place also finishes off with hot stone massage for their basic pedi! When I was informed my go to nail tech no longer was at the last nail place I was going to, I was pretty bummed..sniff ..sniffI found this place on a whim. Saw a sign advertising a new salon driving past late afternoon. It was late in the day when I walked into Nail Zone.  Lo and behold the staff was familiar to me! It was Joey and Karen who use to work at one of the nail places I use to go to! I felt relieved right then. Everyone on staff is really nice and friendly. My best friend who I referred here loves Tina too. When I first started coming here they were just starting out and had a small staff. It's grown a bit within the past two months. LIke my past favorite place they offer bottled water. The salon is fairly new, located in strip mall across from Auto Show Mall. There's a Greek place, Dunkin Donuts and Robertos by it. The place is clean and work area is sanitized. The prices for manicures are super reasonable for top quality of work done.I just drop/walk in without appointment. Never had to wait long. I am happy with either nail techs...and actually they all work as a team. Joey did my nails and one design, Tina did the more intricate nail art on my ring fingers. They offer a ---STAMP CARD--- Collect 10 points (one point for each $25 spent) you get $25 shop credit!I almost always chose gel manicures. My last mani lasted almost a month with no chips. My gel mani did chip in less that a week though on my recent one but Tina and Joey did repair it, no problem. They stand by their work.  Regardless, I cant wait more than 3 weeks anyways to change out my color and see what design Tina and/or Joey has in store for me!
5	Just finished my first (and not last) visit to the Nail Zone.  I could not be more pleased!  This nail salon is the best.  Very professional and friendly.  Wanted Christmas nail art and they did a fantastic job.  If you want great nails this is the place to go.
5	I made an appointment with Joey for gel polish. Not only did he do a great job, but he was extremely quick and neat.  I wiill definitely  get my nails by him again!
5	Another  wonderful job done! Just love  this salon just amazing. A week  later and my nails are still  looking  beautiful!!
5	What can I say  I am in love with  my nails!! Just can't get enough. Do your self a favor  and stop a get your nails done or a pedi. They even do deluxe  pedi. Very clean & very nice!!
2	My mom and I were in desperate need for pedicures so I went straight to yelp to found a good place. I saw the great reviews Nail Zone had so I walked in with pretty high hopes. The nail techs were extremely nice and friendly and the place has a very clean atmosphere but the service was pretty disappointing. The water was luke warm at best which wasn't a great way to start. They use a wonderful sugar scrub that felt nice but after rinsing it off my tech went straight to painting my toes. No lotion, no oil, no massage, nothing!!! I was pretty upset. My mother was having a wonderful time so I wasn't going to cause a scene but I don't know why I paid $25 to have my feet sit in cold water, have my legs scrubbed to death and then put a little paint on my toes. By the time I got home my legs and feet were dry and cracked since there was no moisture put in and it's cold out. I then went over to get a manicure and while she was filing my nails I noticed a rather large spot of the nail polish from my toes on the techs thumb. When I went to wash my hands a huge glob from my big toe was missing. So she hit it when she put my shoe on and didn't even notice. My manicure is fine but they brought someone else over to paint my nails, which I don't get because it wasn't too busy and the girl was already with another client, why swap techs? Looking at my toes now that I'm home the edges are jagged and there's paint all on the sides of my toes. My mom had a great time and really wants to come back but I may have to pass. This experience was not relaxing or enjoyable at all for me. The staff was nice but the service wasn't worth it.
5	Joey did my full set, he did such a great job! They provide such exceptional customer service here. I will be back!
