4	I hate being a girl when:1. I need to lift something heavy.2. I don't want to talk about my feelings. 3. I have to get my car fixed. I failed emissions, and had to get my car fixed for the retest. I chose Carmen's Innovations because of their one positive review on yelp. I really appreciated that the staff treated me like human being of normal intelligence instead of the usual "dumb girl" attitude that other mecahnics use. The service was fast, affordable, and I passed emissions!
4	I thought the clutch went out in my car because shifting became increasingly difficult. I took my car to Carmen's Innovations, and they discovered that my brakes were the real problem. The cost of the repair was still reasonable, and my car was back on the road in 24 hours.
5	Carmen is a very good mechanic who will not rip you off.  He treats you like family.  Fair and honest.
5	I needed 90K maintenance done and they did it quickly and for a reasonable price.
5	I needed two things done this week and both times, my car was done the same day.  The second time I brought it in, Carmen himself took the car out for a spin shortly after I arrived.  I wish they were a bit closer but these guys are fair and honest.  I'm happy to drive a little bit further to get quality service that is prompt and doesn't break the bank.
4	Check engine light came on in Wikieup late on Friday night.  One of my family members has had work done here before and recommended them.  They got me in on short notice and stayed late to finish the job.  Was reasonably priced too.
5	My family has been going to Carmen for 15+ years and through the many different vehicles, he has always helped us keep our cars running well, been honest about what needed to be done (and what didn't) and went out of his way to take care of us.  It is nice to have a service provider that you can trust and feel good about working with.  I have lived in Litchfield Park and Chandler, and still gone the distance to take my vehicle to Carmen's.
5	Carmen's came highly recommended, & now I will recommend them to EVERYONE!!! Fast, friendly, honest!!!
5	Carmen's Innovations has the ability to provide great service and I highly recommend them. All the work got done in a timely manner and I would have no reservations using them again. Thank you Carmen for sharing your knowledge along the way ...
