3	This store is very interesting and a great place to go to pick up unique pieces for your home.  The store is large and jam-packed full of everything from modern to contemporary to classic.  You can find something here to compliment most any design style.  Be sure to allow a lot of time to visit this store, there are so many things to see.  A normal person could not afford to decorate their entire room using Nest, but it's a great place to go to get those "few" special items to give your room WOW  power.Staff on hand didn't appear to be overly helpful, so if it's service you want, you might want to go somewhere else.
2	Nicely laid out, but kind of boring furniture.  Sales Associate was only slightly interested in helping and I knew more about the construction/materials than she did.
4	Very nice place and unique furniture. if you looking for something custom , and special.. you can get it here. but it is pricey but from the things I saw it looks well worth it.
5	Though the furniture and accessories here can get pricey, I feel that it is worth it since it is quality furniture.  I guess I could go and spend a fraction of that at Ikea but I know I'd have to replace it in a year.We bought a leather sectional and dining table set here - the service was great - the woman (assuming was the manager) was helpful and had a lot of great advice on how to place our sectional in our house.  We had everything delivered the next day and the delivery men were also nice.  I'd recommend this place if you're looking to spend money on something you know will last you many, many years.Also, support your local family businesses!
3	Turn on the A.C!!! Wow, we went to look for a sofa here and it seemed cooler outside at 100 degrees. Needless to say we give it 3 stars because we weren't able to view as much product as we would have liked. We liked the selection, but way too hot in there to spend the time to see everything.
3	I stopped to check this place out after seeing some happy buddha statuettes through the window. Wow, what a collection of eclectic styles, bold colors, and also very comfortable decor. Traditional, Eastern, Contemporary, Modern, Euro, Ultra-modern...all mixed together via some wonderful staging!I paused, though, when I saw the price tags on some items. It's not that they weren't great statement pieces, but a lot of the mainstream retailers have very similar items at much lower price points these days. The thing about a store like this is it really has to stay head of the fashion curve to warrant those prices.Great afternoon browsing opportunity :)
3	I think this store might be closed now. I went there tonight and it was completely cleared out and the name is removed :(
