4	Taco Night- Tuesdays all you can eat 6.00$ / 6:00-9:00 Pm Chicken or Beef. This gets you an extra star. Tex-Mex spot in the area. I stopped after a day of working in the area. I'll be back. It's got that Subway sammich style you request what goes in. They have a unique spin with some of the options. i.e. you can add Rice, beans, or Potatoes (cooked W/ chorizo) to your burrito. It seems to be a family run operation and they are all very nice & friendly. The order was super quick. The interior is crisp and clean. I Would've stayed. Especially since you can refill your Horchata.
3	2 words ORANGE SAUCE!  My girlfriend and I love to eat the Jr. Burrito with this semi sweet/spicy hot sauce.  I can say we go here weekly.  I am a pretty health conscious person and love Mexican food.  However, most places are about quantity and not quality.  Los Burritos = Quality. They have fresh food and you can tell that the hot sauces are home made.  I asked the owner several times what is in that orange sauce and she finally sold me a bottle for only $4.  We usually get the 3 pack for $6.95 enough for 2 people.  Now, we are starting to branch off and try some of the other things there.  I would definitely suggest this place.  Food made with love, family oriented staff, and clean environment.  5 stars.
2	I thought I finally had found a decent Mexican restaurant in my new neighborhood but this place is seriously bland and makes me miss Mexican food in the mission. I tried the super burrito and my man had the soft tacos both were so mild with no real flavor. Maybe I'll try something else soon but for now Los Burritos, 2 stars.
4	It's a clean, little place. The people are nice and friendly, and the food was reasonably good and well priced. I thought the burrito was very decent and so was the taco supreme. Can't think of anything negative to say about the place considering it's a cheap neighborhood restaurant.
4	I stumbled on this place while driving by. I had an awesome chile relleno burrito. I haven't seen this since I was in Mexico. It was very tasty. The place is set up like a down home Chipotle in that you can see everything and choose your burrito fillings. The restaurant is very authentic and the staff are friendly.
3	After a nice cardio class at the gym, we just had to get some protein to replenish our energy.  Roland wanted Mexican food, even though I wanted to go home and eat an Asian Pear and a banana.  He was just too hungry and decided to go to Los Burritos, which is right across the street.  The place is quite small, will several booths.  The food are all on display, kinda like what you would see at the buffet.  This is what we ordered:-Chips and salsa ($2:50): Decent, but I am used to other places giving free chips and salsa...O well.  -Shredded beef plate, which includes eggs, potatoes, refried beans, corn tortilla ($6:50): They were all room temperature, except for the eggs.-Side of guacamole ($.50)-I thought this was cheap.  I used the chips that came with the chips and salsa and dip it in this small side of guacamole.-Pork Tamale ($2)-This tamale was pretty big compared to all other tamales that I have seen.  It tastes a bit different too.  By that, it is the flavor of the maiz.   It has like a couscous texture, and a bit saltier than the other tamales that I have eaten.  This was our favorite actually.  Different, but in a good way.  We only finish 3/4 of the food.  Roland's eyes were too hungry compared to his belly.  I just got out of the gym so I didn't want to stuff myself.  Everything tasted decent, but will only come here for convenience.
4	OMG let me just say three words, Carne Asada NACHOS! They are bombdotcom!  I love walking into this place, the employees are nice and are willing to take my order.  They have great deals going on like three tacos and a drink for $7.25, or stuff like that but I usually stick to the nachos!  I literally have to have this every other week.  My friend suggested this for me a while back, and I wasn't too impressed until I added the spicy mayo sauce.  It's like a mexican version of the yum, yum sauce = AMAZING!  I love how my nachos are still crisp even with all the toppings on top, and the vegetables are fresh! Once you're there get a stamp card, the lady was so generous that she gave me four stamps.  Get 7, and you get a free burrito.
4	We tried this modest, but clean and friendly taco shop and would recommend for quality and prompt eats reasonably priced. No wait service but attentive staff. Definitely going back. Food very fresh and well prepared, flavors authentic, heat/spice you can add for this "real food for real people place.
5	I went there for the nachos, that Karen recommended.  They were alright, but I also got the CRUNCHY TACO Now that was BOMDIGITY!  I just moved in the Silverado area, and I'm glad I looked it up on line to see what the reviews were.I will be going to Taco Tuesdays!
3	First visit was so,so.  But then I tried the carne asada quesadilla....delicious!  Good customer service as well!
4	I've tried pretty much all of their burrito varieties. For the most part, they are the standard burritos you'd find anywhere. Pollo, carne asada, chorizo etc. They're DAMN GOOD though! As expected of a place named "The Burritos"! The Green and Orange are AWESOME. Be sure to try it since they add some great kick!My favorite burrito is the CHILE RELLENO BURRITO. Even though I love meat, this thing blows the other burritos away! You could say it is a vegetarian burrito. HOWEVER IT HAS A GIANT CHILE PEPPER INSIDE IT!!! It basically goes from one end of the burrito to the other.Chuck Norris himself can't beat that -  even with his Roundhouse Kick.You must try it once!
3	As much as I loved this place it closed down.  RIP Los Burritos.  However, I did see I was bought out by another Mexican join.  Need to check it out some time
1	i just finished eating a burrito from this spot. i dumped out nearly all of the chicken... if the saying, 'you are what you eat' is true then i am so fuckckin nasty.
4	Great food an tons of it on the cheap. Drunk in Vegas? Best hang over food EVER!
