3	Hehehe... it cracks me up to see these snobby Asian women flashing their labels and shopping at the full priced stores on the strip when the outlet at 30% off is only a short drive away...
3	Honestly, the outlet Ferragamo stores really doesn't have THAT huge of a discount and especially when the merchandise isn't within the last one or two seasons.The only thing worth getting is their classic bow flat women's shoes which never really go on sale at the regular store, so if that's what you're looking for, then this is a good place to get some.Otherwise, Ferragamo no longer looks all that classy, or maybe it's just the merchandise in this store?
4	How I spent my Christmas vacation...One of my friends was in from Shanghai, and the friend that tagged along from Taiwan wanted to come here.  We had limited time before our seating at a "nice" French restaurant at one of the "top-name" casinos.  So, it was decided, (Not by me, I got wrangled into driving to Vegas!) that this was going to be a quick trip (About 3-4 hours) in the Outlet stores.Well, her friend from Taipei made a beeline to the Ferragamo Outlet!  I heard my friend spent some time in there but wandered to other stores.  And she had lost track of the Taiwan friend (BTW, they are both Taiwanese), and she wasn't picking up her cell!  So, she enlisted me in the search!  Mind you it had been a good 2- 2 1/2 hours that has transpired.I was searching in the Food Courts, and all the luxury outlets without avail..  Finally, as a last resort, I ended up at Ferragamo, but, there was NO way she could even be there!  Lo, and behold, she was!  Dang!  I guess, she was giving the business to the salesperson.  She was still busy deciding on what to get!  Shoes, bags, skirts, etc...Finally, my friend from Shanghai arrived to give her a little nudge.  So, she finally finalized all her purchases.  As she was paying, we started to realize, her credit cards were not going through for some reason...  ooohhh, man, we were already a bit late, and had kept calling the restaurant to preserve out reservations..   It became evident that her credit cards were not going to make it, so, I volunteered my cards... Oh! man did they get a work-out!  We had about 4-5 bags of Heavy Ferragamo Bags!  So, both my card got a work-out and so did we walking back to the Parking structure!The sales staff were extremely supportive and knowledgeable of the "ins and outs" of the art of the transactions.  Service was nothing short of spectacular!BTW, we never made the reservation..  But, I had a full trunk and back seat of Designer goods...  But, my friends both were rather pleased with their immense purchases...
4	I enjoyed my experience here.  But I certainly wish I was here when Maggie C visited (what a steal!).  That having been said they had a nice selection of shoes for less than $300 a pair (ranging from seasonal sandals and pumps to classic black etc).  I picked up some silver sling backs for $149, and a pair of couture wedges for about $350 - still happy with my purchases.  And many people stopped me, to ask where Ferragamo was when walking around...Next time I'll have a look at the men's shoes - men in Ferragamo shoes are hot!
2	What a great store with super helpful reps. Just a bummer they didn't have any men's dress shoes in a size smaller then 11EE.  The girl did tell me to check back in August and they might have some additional inventory. Bummer...
4	Same shoes at 1/2 the price of the stores on the strip - sure the selection is limited, but nothing is stained, damaged, or marked in any way.  Hand stitched from both the luxury line and the slightly more affordable standard collection the one failing of this store is the lack of belts and cufflinks, but for shoes and ready to wear shirts/pants/jackets there are definitely some deals to be found.
5	I'ma go all out an give Ferragamo 5 stars for my two stops here last weekend.Saturday, the mall is packed, not at Ferragamo, great service and water bottles to quench your thurst from the pounding desert sun.Behold, the maroon with gold heeled boots I tried on in New York a few months ago and left behind not wanting to pay the $1600 price tag.Last pair, MY size, $300!!!!!Tried them on, swoon and put them on hold till later.Yes, thats how I shop.I mean, do I need boots in the summer? Living in the desert?Yes, yes i do and drove back the next day.Great service again, smiles, "Youre back!", tried them on again, swoon, happy as a clam, now they get to sit and look pretty until the temps go down again.
5	Was my first time here.  Been to Vegas way too many times but usually stay on the strip.  Will be back in November when I am here for SEMA.  And yes, the new manager, Alexandra, wrapped my bag nicely.
4	A big store with a lot of variety, especially considering it's an outlet. They have shoes, as one would expect, but also, accessories and some clothing, for both men and women.  The customer service is attentive and they make sure you leave a satisfied customer.
5	I visited this outlet today and the girls were very helpfull to find the corect shoe size and matching belt.Strongly recomend.
