5	It took a little time for me to find a nail salon that I like and is affordable...but I finally found one that exceeds my expectations!  I always come for pedicures and occasionally manicures.  I am going to try acrylics in the spring, so an update is coming.  The prices are very reasonable.My favorite part of this salon is the leg and foot massages that you get with your pedi.  The first give you a hot stone rub with oil, THEN a standard massage with lotion.  OHMYGOD, it is so relaxing.
5	The people that work here are friendly, kind, and good at what they do.  I have always had REAL service from these folks.  They are honest about wait times, not in a rush once you are in the chair, and helpful with tips and tricks.  Manicure only is only $10!  What a steal!  Pedicure / Manicure combo in the big, massage chairs only about $30.
5	Friendly, prompt service. I told them I needed to be done in 30 minutes and not only were they able to do it, they also kept an eye on the clock for me. The pedicure included callous removal and a massage. Highly recommended!
5	I live in Chicago but whenEVER I'm in town I get my nails did here!!!  It's clean and everyone is good.  I love the No Chip Mani!!  Wish I could find a place this good in Chicago, but it hasn't happened!
5	I love Pro Nails.  Best nail salon in C-U area.  Very reasonably priced also.  My friend and I are regulars there for pedicures and they know our names and even got us cute little Christmas Presents this year.  Love it here!  Highly highly recommended.  Oh and the hot stone massage during pedis is FABULOUS.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!I thought this was a decent nail shop from the reviews; however, I was very disappointed. I went for my birthday and had a shellac manicure and regular pedicure. I was told that the shellac manicure would last 2 weeks; however, it started to chip in less than a week! I spent $30 for my nails to last 4 days!! So I called to see if they would redo the nails that were chipped and I was told to come in, which I did. When I got there I had to wait 40 min only for them to tell me that they do not guarantee their work. What kind of business doesn't stand behind their work. In the very least, she could have told me no over the phone rather than have me drive out and wait 40 mins. In addition, the shop is not well ventilated and the chemical smell is overwhelming. Better to GO TO SPA ENVY and pay and extra $5 for work that will last. WILL NOT BE GOING BACK
5	I love going to this salon. Tracy always greats me with my name, knows another friend of mine and remembers how I like my nails. I've had to wait on busy days, but that's expected. I have been going here for a while and really enjoy not only the full sets, but also the pedicures. They do pedicures with the hot stone massage and it's fantastic! They have a younger guy who does designs and everytime he has done a design for me it's been great. I highly recommend this salon
5	We got great manis and pedis here today! For $30 total, they give you excellent pedicure with hot stones. They also use nice products including OPI polish and Bath and Body Works lotion.It's a clean salon with nice and professional staff. I highly recommend it.
4	I wouldn't have noticed this place in a small, partially vacant strip mall set back from the road, but went there because of the good reviews here.  This was my second time and I would definitely go back!  I got a more thorough and less expensive pedicure here than my home city of Indianapolis--includes hot stone lower leg massage which is great! My nails look good and my feet are very smooth.  I took off one star because it took a long time (not so much the pedicure itself as waiting in the pedicure chair before and in between different things), but this is Easter Saturday and one of the first warm days of the year so they were surely busier than usual.
5	If I could give this place 10 stars, I would.  I have been going to Pro Nails for the past 7 years and couldn't be happier.  My sisters and I enjoy going to get pedicures together.  Not only are they affordable, but who doesn't enjoy a good hot rock massage???  We also always get designs done on our toes and they do an amazing job.  Tracy (the owner) is absolutely delightful and always remembers our names, gives us discounts on various occasions, and gives us Christmas gifts!  The salon is clean, the staff are kind, and I have never been disappointed.  I recommend this place to all the closes people in my life and everyone who has given them a chance won't go anywhere else now!  Check them out.  I assure you, you will not leave disappointed!
1	Two stars lost for unprofessional attitude/behavior of junior manicurist, one star lost because of lack of management over said employee, & one star (should be two) lost because of end product:   noticeably weird angle of nail/ nail bed for 6 of 10 nails (actually noticed by male coworkers who NEVER notice 'lady things').Had decided to get a set of gel nails (after not having them for years), as I'm hosting a conference of women coming to town, and I wanted to see if I could recommend them for visitors. Prior good reviews left me favorably disposed toward this salon; however, my experience was disappointing at best.  I will be routing about 300 women elsewhere. The owner/manager (pretty adult woman) started the nailbed preparation, and selected/glued on the tips to start my manicure.  NO complaints here- she seemed personable, competent, and really seemed to take care to ensure that the correct curve/flatness of each nail bed was matched according to the actual nail- I was really happy.However, it seemed that a regular customer (likely for a more expensive service) came in, so the owner/manager had a girl come over to take over the rest of my service.   The girl did not seem to be happy to do so, as she was on the phone (one of two phones she juggled during the ENTIRE service), trying to straighten out some issue with a purchase of jeans on line.  She was barely on autopilot as she commenced with my nail application. She literally DID NOT EVEN LOOK at my nails as she buffed/grinded away at the nail beds- am convinced as to that's why the final angles are so weird on them (hard for me to see at the time, as I'd not had nails for a long time, and could not really give them a good look during the process)..  When she did speak to me- it was to order me around several times (get nail polish color, pay, go wash up, go dry) and was very abrupt with every command, even though I'm at least twice her age, a paying customer, not a subordinate.It was NOT a case of second-language/cultural translation -this girl was acting like a petulant b-word, full stop - to a person who was sincerely being nice to her, and who just didn't remember all of the ropes (nor should I have had to do so!). She literally left the salon for an extended period (upwards of 20 minutes)during the time that my nails were curing under the uV.  A nice man clicked the light on again for another cycle after the first curing, but the curing went on for FOUR light cycles before she deigned to return to the job. When she did, she ordered me to wash my hands.  I did go to the back of the shop, saw clean and soiled receptacles for nail scrub brushes, and figured out that I should likely used the clean brush, scrub up, and then place the used brush in the oher receptacle - all assumed because she didn't deign to actually tell me ANYTHING (was AGAIN heading out a doorway with her phone)..  There was a hot towel available for use- she had slapped it down on the counter on her way out, and God knows what was on the counter (though the place did seem to be clean, and I did notice the man take special care to sterilize/clean a pedicure station after a client while I was there).I did end up using it, but had no place to put the used towel.  She actually acted annoyed with me as she brought forth a hamper for me to place the towel.  After the application of the polish/topcoat, etc.- she pointed vaguely to an area in the back of the salon & told me to go there.  I then discerned that I was to put my hands under a light table to dry/cure the nails- but AGAIN- the communication was abrupt, rude, and uninformative.  I guess I didn't spend enough time under the light table (had no real idea how long to stay there), so I headed out, loaded up an elderly family member in the car, and noticed a mar on my middle fingernail.  No big deal- this happens- they'll fix it (based on prior experience).On my return, she literally YELLED at me, in front of employees and other customers, for messing up my nail- told me that I should have stayed under the table for 15 minutes & to be careful for an hour thereafter.  RIGHT- I'm not going to fasten a seatbelt, insert a car key, etc. after I leave the salon.  Beyond that- YELLING AT CIVIL CUSTOMERS IS WRONG.. Again, petulant, abrupt, unreasonable -after I'd tipped 60+ cents/nail (for an ultimately lousy set of nails).All delays caused my nail appointment to reach the near two-hour mark for a simple set of gel nails (and I was so steamed thereafter that I missed an important appointment due to the distraction.).Am certain this place is great if they deign to consider you to be a regular- there was a disabled man who came in for a manicure, and the man who attended him did so with a tender respect which I found heartening. However, that does not erase the facts of my own experience.  I would return ONLY if I could guarantee an appointment with the adult employees.
4	This is my favorite place to get my nails done in Champaign-Urbana. I have been getting my nails done here for over 4 years. The prices are very fair, the employees are nice and always remember your name, (especially Tracy, who is so sweet and kind) and the work they do is just as good as any high end salon in town. The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of five is that I have seen a few employees on the phone while working on the nails of their customers. While I have never experienced this personally with any of the manicurists, I do feel it is rather unprofessional. Regardless of this small flaw, I would highly recommend Pro Nails to anyone who is looking for a great, relaxing pedicure at a good price.
4	The first time I went here I got a pedicure and it was enjoyable and turned out nice. The second time I went with my mom and got a shellac manicure. It turned out nice. A few nails were not wrapped at the tip so there is a slight look of wear but my only problem was my thumb nail that began peeling less than 12 hours after I left! After reading a previous review I was worried they wouldn't fix it for free but I went in early this morning and they fixed it quickly and free of charge. They are very friendly and remembered my mom and I. I will probably go back again to try another shellac manicure. My nails look nice but not perfect.
5	They are the absolute best! The recently updated the inside and purchased new pedicure and manicure tables.  You can get a full set of acrylics for $25 with clear or white tips or you can get a set of gels for $30 with clear or acrylic tips.  They always do an amazing job and are able to make my nails the perfect length every time.  Their pedicures are beyond amazing!!! Words do not explain how good they are! You receive a hot stone massage with your pedicure, along with the usual's....I think they are $22. I would recommend anyone to go here!
