1	I'll acknowledge that Valentine's Day is a florist's busiest day of the year, and last-minute shoppers need to adjust their expectations accordingly.  But my experience with EHF was nonetheless subpar and beyond disappointing.  I called early in the morning (at 8 AM) and was advised that they were no longer accepting delivery orders for the day....completely understandable.  The lady on the phone invited me to drive in, though, saying she could accommodate a pick-up order.  I drove 25 miles into the store, had a vase, and just wanted to spend a minute walking around and putting together a quick arrangement.  I was told that I'd have to come back in an hour -- and the lady at the front desk was not sympathetic at all.Again, I understand it was a busy day.  But if you couldn't accommodate two minutes of a walk-in customer, you shouldn't have invited me into the store.  There was a happy ending, at least:  I discovered a great little florist a mile away who did immediately take care of me when I walked in and put together a beautiful arrangement.  http://www.flowersplusonline.com/  They're terrific!
4	What did I do to deserve such a beautiful flower arrangement?   Well *snicker*, that's not something I am willing to put into writing.In all seriousness, I received a gorgeous, huge arrangement of flowers from Elizabeth House.  Each of the different types of flower survived for varying times - as a bloom died, I would just pick it out and leave what was left - the last of which probably deflowered two weeks after I received the arrangement.  I was terribly allergic to something in it, but you had best believe I sucked it up, took Benadryl and kept those suckers on my desk for as long as I could.  I can't speak to the ease of ordering or the price, as my backwoods beau ordered them for me and had them delivered, but the end result was gorgeous and I got many compliments on them.  Said beau turned out to be a d-bag extraordinaire, but the blooms were fantastic!  (I have uploaded the photo of what I received).
5	I had a great experience ordering flowers from this florist today. She was able to work within my budget, explaining what was in season and what colors were available.  My sister received the flowers the same day and enjoyed a beautiful bouquet!
