4	http://www.jolifou.com/index.php?page=I've been coming to Montreal for the Highlights festival for the last few years and had an amazing experience Feb 2008. Every year, I would review the choices for the festival, call ahead and make reservations and hope for the best. When I saw their website, I knew we were in for a treat. The toys convey a sense of joy  and so does Chef Dave's menu! He offered a special menu that I can only imagine reflects their best foodie experience as we were delighted with the toys, service and most esp the wine and food. Coming back to Montreal for a conference this fall and recommending this place to everyone...which means I better call ahead now and made my own dinner reservation and request seating to view the kitchen this time!
2	Chef David Ferguson's new concept is "roadhouse," according to a recent review in the Gazette. This means two things: you'll find a lot of items that fall under the "casual" (or, more appropriately, the "upscale casual") category, and you'll find a menu that's enamored with aspects of American regional cuisine, especially that of Texas and the American Southwest. But Ferguson first made a name for himself by fusing Mexican and French cuisine, and his most recent menu continues to display a curious predilection for "Frenchifying" (not to be confused with "Frenchifrying") just about everything. Thus, you'll find tender smoked brisket on the menu, but Ferguson serves it with a red wine and veal jus reduction. You'll also find a Southwestern "cassoulet" composed of romano and navy beans, duck, smoked lamb, hominy, and poblano, which holds the potential for teasing out the affinities between a French cassoulet and the bean- and meat-based stews of the Southwest, while cleverly playing on the fact that cassoulet is a classic of the south-west of France (get it?). But instead of taking the cassoulet and pushing it the direction of, say, New Mexico, Ferguson takes ingredients typical of New Mexican cuisine (hominy, poblano peppers) and pushes them in the direction of France. So much so, that his Southwestern cassoulet tastes a lot more like a French cassoulet than anything one would find in the American Southwest. The hominy was overwhelmed, the poblanos were barely present, and there were no traces of chili, or cumin, or any one of a number of other ingredients that might have provided a real taste of the Southwest. Frankly, this is a shame--there's no shortage of traditional French cassoulets in Montreal, while the cuisine of the American Southwest is virtually non-existent, and the dish holds a lot of potential.
3	Interesting location, previous reviews referee to a bunch of roused being used to decorate the restaurant.  This is np longer the case, you now see them piled high in some Plexiglases case in the entranceAs for the food I had the Calmare salad which was very good.  For the main course I had a steak, it was cooked to perfection, however the actual cut of meat that was serves was poor.  Filled with too much fat and tendons in the meat.  When I'm ordering a black Angus steak at that price I expect much better.The other dishes ordered by the others at my table were enjoyed, so I probably was just unlucky with my order.As for desert they had a nice variety served in glasses, all of which looked great.  For 1 entrees 2 mains, desert,coffee and a Bottle of wine ended u costing around 140.00 with tax.A reasonable price for the quality, just steer clear of the steak.
