5	I can't say enough good about the pharmacy in this store.  Yes, I've waited a tiny bit of time when it was really busy but any time I have needed my RX right away I've only waited 30 mins. I think that is a very reasonable time. I've had many comparisons from different big named pharmacy's. These ladies are also very kind and they gt a lot of abuse from customers freaking out for their meds. You know the kind. They also auto-fill my prescriptions at the exact time they need refill and always auto call when my stuff is ready to be picked up. The easiest place I've ever used. This can be a stressful thing for those of us who live with chronic pain and I appreciate not having any hassles to add to my day.
1	I've been to many walgreens before but this one by far is the worst pharmacy wise. They are super rude and are not compassionate at all. My husband had just had hand surgery and was in extreme pain and rather than putting it as an immediate they made us wait 50 minutes. A few weeks later he had teeth pulled ( not his best month) and again it was 50 minutes. They claimed they were busy yet as I waited no one came to the desk or drive thru. They found it more important to talk about planning the pharmacists husband's birthday party. I understand that there were others in front of us however when someone is in extreme pain I would prioritize.  Overall I am very disappointed in this walgreens pharmacy. I will now drive 20 minutes out of my way to another location where the customer service actually exists.
3	Walgreens is a good place to stop when u just need a few common items (makeup, medicine, a drink etc.). I had a bad experience with the pharmacy like the other review as well. I was picking up pain medication for a dental procedure. I was in excruciating pain and the novacaine was wearing off. They made me wait a half hour and the lady behind the counter got a really bad attitude with me. I kind of blame the dentist for not calling ahead to schedule the pickup immediately.
