2	Dominos hot wings are my favorite wings! Normally I have a really great experience and am super satisfied, but this location is terrible! I ordered wings from them and they were dry and had almost no hot sauce on them. Also in the past I have gotten pizzas from them that should have had extra cheese, but the cheese was barely speckled on! At least they replaced my food both times for free, but really they should be able to do it right the first time! This is the only location I've ever had problems with though.
5	Dominos has come a LONG way! Their thin crust veggie pizza is SO YUMMY AND HIGHLY addictive!!!  It's a nice treat on occasion!! :O)
5	This Dominos location has never disappointed us.  The freshness and quality of their pizza is always spot on- not to mention their customer service.  They are always quick to deliver and friendly at the door!
1	I order from this dominos pretty frequently since I live right down the street, and they never fail to mess something up. They forget the sauce that I payed for 9 out of 10 times and tonight forgot the main ingredient on my pizza, and the crust tasted old and the cheese was burnt and hardly specked on. Usually delivery pizza places offer a complimentary sauce with your order of wings or bread,  but nope I get charged every single time. Won't be ordering from this location again!
1	I called this Dominos tonight and was treated so horribly by a female worker over the phone. She hung up on me the first time while I was still talking and the second call she took my address and proceeded to tell me I was too far away when it was only 3 miles away. She quickly told me another location and when I asked her if she could repeat herself she hung up on me again! I will never order pizza from somewhere where I'm treated so rudely!
4	This was my second order with them and both times the pizza was so warm, fresh and yummy.  If you order wings, make sure to get them try and add the sauce on yourself when they arrive or they will be all wet not so tasty.The delivery was speed was incredible almost like the had the pizza done before I ordered.  Our delivery person Jason was kind, respectful and just a nice guy!  Hope you get him. Jim K.
