1	Yikes! Be careful when you fill prescriptions at this Walgreens location. I received a prescription belonging to someone else today. Forgivable, right? Well, it might be if it were not the 3rd occurence in my household this year. You're better off rolling the dice with your local pharmacist behind the dumpster at Walmart.
4	As with all walgreens it's a good convenient place near home to grab essentials and get a flu shot it whatever. The drive thru pharmacy is always fast!
3	It's a okay store, not very fancy consider it's in the 85254 zip code neighborhood.  I prefer shopping at CVS for their better member saving program.  One good thing is that they have a Chase ATM onsite, bad thing is that the machine is inside the store, and you can't get the money if the store is closed.
3	I had a semi-negative experience at this location the first go around, but the second time it was just fine, so I bumped them up to three stars from two.  I was able to go inside since my first visit, and use the drive-thru a second time.  They were both good experiences and the staff was helpful and friendly.It's a good place to stop and pick up something if you're in a hurry and they have a decent variety available so you shouldn't have a hard time finding anything.  I think this one is pretty in-line with most other locations I've been to - nothing crazy extraordinary, but no complaints from my follow-up visits so what more could you ask for?Overall: B+Nothing crazy to make this one any different (but that's usually a corporation's goal right?) - make you feel like you know what you're walking into when you go to any of their locations!  Definitely A-OK
1	Ugh...if this location wasn't halfway between work and home and I didn't already have my prescription there with some discount coupon thing I've had on file for years, I wouldn't go here EVER. Customer service in the pharmacy is HORRIBLE. I would swear the people working there are actually TRYING to get rid of customers. Maybe they have a contest going of how many customers each of them can get to leave every day. They're unfriendly, judgemental, tell you to do things differently than your doctor told you (which reeeeeeally pisses off my doctors), and act like you're bothering them to have to do their job. Really sir? Is it terribly inconvenient for you to put my prescription back onto automatic refill once a year?? I'm soooooo sorry to have to make you do that. I have pricing issues about...once every 3 months (even though I get the SAME medication EVERY SINGLE MONTH for the last...I dunno...6+ years?) The last time I picked up my prescription I had just brought in a new paper prescription from my doctor so I had to wait. My prescription is in a box, just one box, no pill counting or bottle filling. Just...grab a box and slap a label on it. There was NOBODY in the waiting area, and only about 3 customers in the entire store and I was told "It will be about 45 minutes because we have to help the other customers who are waiting before you." I turned around and looked at the waiting area...empty. Not ONE person. I put a picture of that on Facebook and got some good laughs while I waited for ALLLLLLLL those invisible people to get their meds before me. That's good for them, because if I had a disease that made ME invisible, I'd want my medication PRONTO! There is a lady pharmacist there that is rude to me for no apparent reason, but I've seen her suddenly switch gears and be nice to others...usually very young thin attractive women. I think it's really strange. Maybe she's a lesbian? Maybe she discriminates based upon weight? I don't know, but she's a biiiiiiiitch to me EVERY SINGLE TIME.I hate hate hate going to this location. I use the drive-thru when I can, but even THAT is uncomfortable most of the time.
1	If I didn't have to give it a star I wouldn't. This pharmacy is awful and its definitely the manager. My mother in law has stage 4 cancer and it has been an issue getting her prescriptions on time.  The first time the script required formulating which is fine; they said an hour and a half.  Ok fine that was from the manager. An hour and a half later, it still wasn't ready, she told us once again it would take a while because it was a compound, BUT you already said that. By then it was late in the evening and we couldn't reform until the next day.  Let's try this again. Yesterday, the Dr phoned in another prescription for PAIN.  The same pharmacy then called and said they didn't have that dosage but they had a different dosage and rewrite the script, done.  Only to find out later they didn't have and we had to go back and get script to take to another Walgreens.  NEVER AGAIN WILL WE USE THIS PHARMACY. It has very poor management.
