5	This place is awesome! And so are the people here ;) Their service is catering; making you feel special and very comfortable. Tommy is very professional and gave me an awesome deluxe pedicure!  And Coby is hilarious. I always enjoy my time here :) Thank you guys.
4	Best Nails In Town I have been getting my nails here for years and the service is fantastic . everyone is very professional  especially Tee. She always treats me right and always knows what I want. This time I got Halloween nails and I love them. See for yourself.
5	Tommy did my pedicure, Coby did my manicure. Awesome service and we all had a great time talking about everything. Definitely recommended and my gels look awesome!
1	This place is HORRIBLE! First off all, all these reviews were bribed. There's a huge sign saying if u write a good review you'll get $10 Starbucks gift card. Let's start off with... I went in to get a gel manicure. I had one nail that needed fixing due to crack. They lady put a acrylic top layer and white shaping cut my finger. Then she only did to rounds of gel, so my nails did not harden. Why I usually do gel in the first place. (If my nails were harden I wouldn't even write this review but I'm upset about it) The only thing she did well was her painting is very neat. Then she pumped lotion on my hands. No typical hand rub. I was so over the service I paid and left. And meanwhile the lady next to me got hurt to! Was a waste of time and $30! This place is a joke. Employees have potential but arent usuing it! They can keep there $10 Starbucks card and $30 I paid! I will never return nor I hope you don't make the same mistake as me and going to this horrible place!
4	Tommy was wonderful. Best pedicure I've had and this Nails Today is the first place I'll go for my next Vegas trip! Recommend the spa pedicure, make sure you have enough time and add in a mani too!
5	They took me on a walk in. Great pricing, super friendly staff, and my girl did a nice job. Got a fill and gel polish with hearts for valentines day for $33. Can't complain about that!
5	Went yesterday. Now I can't stop looking at my nails! They are so friendly and made me feel so comfortable. I felt like I was at home. Had such an amazing first experience and will definately be returning for more!
5	What a great nail shop! Great employees and owner.  Everyone is in a good mood and very friendly.  It is very welcoming.  They are on the up and up with all the latest styles and trends. They have a very big selection of gels. They have a whole bunch of the pre designed nails too. Really cool ones with all sorts of glitter and bling. I am definitely coming back.  Who would of ever thought such a quality place would be on Tropicana and Eastern?!?!
5	I have had my nails done forever.  Years and years and years.  So I've had some bad ones and some good ones and this place exceeded my expectations.  My nails look perfect.  Best they've looked in a long time.  Also, I called right before they were supposed to close and they fit me in no problem.  I will definitely return.
5	I've been to PLENTY of nail salons all over town, but this one has won me over by far ! Everyone was so friendly and nice and my nails came out exactly the way I wanted them. I'm in love ! THIS is the nail salon to go to if you want great atmosphere and great nails !
5	I needed a place to get my nails done as I recently moved near by. Shop was playing 80s rock which was fun. Cody did my fill and he did a good job pretty quickly. Nice little place and I will be getting my regular fills done here.
