2	The ladies here are real nice and a lot of people like the grooming they provide. Sadly I am not one of them. Our little poodles face and feet were never shaved clean. Always long hairs left for us to try and trim. Admittedly, poodles are harder to groom then a lot of dogs. Again, they are friendly, they just didn't do well for us.
5	This is the only groomer I would ever trust with my little bichon.  He's very difficult in the tub for me and flatly refuses to let me brush him.  Margie, Sue, and all their staff just love him and he gets excited when I tell him we're going to see the groomer.  The dogs get "loose" play time between cut/bath, and the girls are all VERY patient with my little guy.  Always a perfect cut.
5	I really like this groomer. They do a great job and are one of the best I have used in Pittsburgh. Groomers are increasingly difficult to find in Pittsburgh and I had to wait until they had room to fit me in. They were worth the wait.
4	Our dogs love going here., They enjoy interacting with the other canine clients and hanging out  behind the counter before and after their grooming sessions.  They always look great when they come home.  I like the availabiilty of Sunday appointments which is helpful to us humans with busy work schedules.
5	I love this place. I have 3 small dogs and this is the only place I take them for grooming and nails.  I have gone to other places and was never happy. In fact, my min pin was traumatized by one if the places we went to have his nails cut.  After that incident anywhere I took him turned out to be a nightmare for my dog and the groomers. The one place even suggested I drug him! Then I found Marge at Pawsitively Pets! We have been going there for 6 years and it has changed my dogs attitudes regarding their nails and grooming. My min pin will actually let Marge do his nails without being sedated or even trying to bite her. She is very calm with him and he loves her. My dogs love to go to Pawsitively Pets. They get so excited when we walk through the door. I feel very fortunate that I found this place for my dogs, because it was very stressful going anywhere else!
