1	Grade: FEven the fantastic Crunch Coat Blizzard can't make up for the deep fried tumor passed off as a chicken breast.
1	One liner:  Ick.Even the heartiest of cravings for a DQ treat could not make us go here....simply nasty.  Dirty counters, messy machines, and dirty tables.  And super rude staff.The ultimate kicker?  Walking in to find the nastiest dust pan sitting right on the counter where they place your food when it is ready.Seriously...call the health department. We will drive all the way to Sun Prairie rather than ever step foot in this place again.
3	I have been to this place four or five times.  It's ok for a brazier.  The servers were actually pretty nice; one time they messed up my wife's drink and they gave her a replacement quickly and with no hassle.  I haven't noticed any of the health violations rained down on this place in the other reviews, but I also didn't order the chicken sandwich.
1	Ew,  I recently moved to this area and this is now my local Dairy Queen.  Who knew you could mess up a Blizzard so bad?First of all, the line was out the door.  We assumed that it was just a busy night.  Turns out they were out of multiple items (and did not put a sign up). People were upset and walking out.  Then the family in front of us ordered, but did not pay.  No card, no money left their hand.  What?  So like you are giving out free ice cream and making us wait in line?  I get up to the counter and ask a question about the ingredients of a Brownie Batter blizzard.  They are like, it is just brownies.  My response: Anything else?  They had to go ask someone.  What?  Seriously?!  So I finally get my answer and order it.  My husband also ordered a blizzard.  He ordered a Turtle Pecan blizzard and received some random peanuts in his blizzard.  We never got a receipt.  When I asked for one, they said they did not have any.  What?!We pay and wait.  And wait.  Oh, but while we wait, we get to watch the kitchen person.  He was making a chicken sandwich.  With his LONG ponytail hanging over the grill.  Yum?  More like gross.  Then both my husband and I notice that he grabbed a raw chicken breast (while not wearing a glove) and placed it on the bare counter.  He then wiped his hand on his pants.  What?  Salmonella much?  Any food standards?We get our medium blizzards.  The ice cream normally extends to the top or slightly over the top of the cup.  This time the ice cream barely made it to the top of my cup. My husband had ice cream under the cup.  When we asked if this was a medium, they said yes.  And just walked away.  I walked out feeling very unsatisfied and my husband I determined this will be our last visit to the local DQ.  Besides the poor service, the food standards were disgusting.
1	Forget it. They get a negative star!I love a good DQ cone or blizzard just as much as the next person, but a complete failure was at hand on my first visit to this particular DQ. Let's just say....I watched a cook with a large beard and very long hair (both uncovered) toss a uncooked frozen chicken breast someone ordered directly on a dirty counter before putting it into their cooking machine (some sort of microwave)...ah ya.Do Not eat food here, unless you like the thrill of being poisoned. As for the ice cream---I have never been to a DQ where I've been told they were out of a specific blizzard mix. I completely understand that having multiple 16 year old kids run the store might sound great in theory for cheap easy labor, but they are ruining the franchise and spending the owner's money as I watched them give away multiple items free to a group on their friends sitting at a table in the back.This DQ does not even deserve 1 star.I read a review that said call the Health dept.....Seriously, someone call them!
1	I sent this review in and all Dairy Queen said was thank you for your feedback.  Nothing more.  No follow up.  Gross.
