5	What a blast my fellow YELPERS. This can food drive for St. Mary's Food Bank was warm way to give back and have fun at the same time. There was a food pyramid that I can't wait to see how high it got from the the lovely caring people in our community. A live DJ spooning some great music outdoors while patrons networked or dined on some delicious food at Scramble. Games, free pastries and don't let me forget free drink/coffee for stopping by to donate. I even scored a free meal coupon when I purchase another meal.
5	Yay for helping food banks and getting goodies! Photo booths, freebies, games and a DJ all on a great patio with delicious breakfast options. (There's still time to head over... party goes til 2!)
5	We were more than happy to make use of the buy one get one free meal coupons and the free soft drink coupons.  My hubby and I took some photos in the photo booth too.  The families on the patio were getting a kick out of the accessories for use in the photo booth.  Not bad for my first official Yelp event.
5	There are not too many easier ways to make your heart smile than by giving back to the community. Of course giving back doesn't get any better than doing it in Yelp Help style! Freebies, including buy 1 get 1 free breakfast vouchers, your choice of a free coffee or soda, tasty pastries, mini pumpkins to decorate, posing in a photo booth, all while the DJ is spinning some tunes! Yelpers and the community brought in canned foods and cash for Saint Mary's Food Bank. We enjoyed breakfast at Scramble, good times and giving giving back!Thank you to Lindsey for organizing the event, and to Scramble for hosting  it!
5	Another great Yelp Helps event! Can food drive for St. Mary's Food Bank. Lindsey really did it up Yelp style. When you arrived you staked your cans of food on the ever growing pyramid of food then you received a BOGO coupon, a free soda or coffee and some yummy Danishes.Then you could hang out on the patio or go inside. It was such a great day I stayed on the patio. There was a DJ, photo booth, pumpkin decorating, games and great people hanging out.I went inside and got my free soda and ordered some food. I decided to save my BOGO coupon for another day. Then back to the patio to enjoy the nice weather and the great music.After I finished my delicious breakfast I had to jump into the photo booth. How could you turn it down. I loved the props and got some great pictures.Thank you to Lindsey for setting this great event up and giving us Yelpers a chance to give back to the community that we love so much. Also thanks to Scramble for hosting this great party. I will definitely be back to try more of your yummy food.Giving back to the community and helping others makes you feel great then getting free stuff and great food makes you feel even better. Awesome event! Thank you so much Lindsey for all the great stuff that you do.
