5	I recently got my hair cut at studio 480. I couldn't be happier. Renee was so helpful and friendly! She made it comfortable for me to get my hair cut in a salon. I will be getting my haircuts there for a long time.    Ps it's gorgeous inside!!
5	Renee and all the other stylists at Studio 480 do a great job for their clients.  I've had my hair done there many times and always come away pleased.  The nail tech does a great job too.  They carry a variety of hair products as well.The new location has a great decor too.
5	Searching for a salon in the East Valley? Look no further! Studio 480 is a beautiful, upscale salon and (soon to be) spa located in Mesa. Renee and the rest of the team offer fantastic customer service you won't find anywhere else. Cuts, color, perms, highlights, pedicures, manicures... they do it all for an affordable price! Two thumbs up!
5	We just moved into the valley, from out of state, and I was so nervous to try a salon because I was so use to going to the same stylist back home for yrs.  I saw an ad in the Las Sendas newspaper for a Salon called Studio 480, in northeast Mesa.  I went today to have highlights and a Brazilian blowout.  Melanie was my stylist and she was absolutely one of the best.  We had an instant connection.She took her time, did an excellent job at highlighting my hair (and she had never met me before) and it came out perfect !!  So did the smoothing treatment.  I met the owner and she was very nice and the salon was beautiful.Everyone there was professional and I will definitely go back again.Thanks Melanie for an outstanding job !!
5	I read up on the previous reviews for Renee and decided to take a chance. I am so glad that I did because this is the best haircut I've had in what seems to be an eternity. Renee understood exactly what I wanted, took her time like a good artist, and engaged in a pleasant conversation throughout the appointment. Overall it was an excellent experience and I plan on continuing with her from this point forward. Given the outcome, I feel like the price was very reasonable. I highly recommend Renee to anyone who is looking for a new hairdresser.
4	I'm here in AZ temporarily for medical reasons & decided to get my hair cut. I think I should confess that I typically don't have my hair cut by anyone who's not familiar with my unruly hair. To my delight I came across Studio 480 & was fortunate to have Melanie as my stylist. Melanie was both a friendly and professional. Her approach and intuition was spot on. She took the time to discuss options and techniques to optimize results. I can honestly say I would and will highly recommend her. Thanks again, Steve...
