5	Due Pizzeria is by far the best pizza pies in Las vegas and is up there with the best in the country. They have the perfect sauce/cheese/dough ratio and the flavors are unbelievable!   They have amazing food and customer service. Friendly and they are willing to make your pizza any way you like. The 2 cheese for $14 is a great way to start. I have been back 7 times since I first found it  2 weeks ago. Its addicting. Have tried everything except for cinque  since Im a vegetarian and no one in my immediate family likes anchovies.  Uno through diece  have been stellar. The menu is fairly small but the  flavors of everything is perfect.   The only thing that  could make it better would be more seating if you wanted to eat your pies there and some pellegrino  especially aranciata to compliment the pizza.  They are next to a liquor store if you want to pick up a case of beer to go with it too!.  I write  this review  because I love the place and I would hate to see a gem like this hurt financially in these hard times. Try it and you will love it.  Support your family/locally owned business.
5	Wow... Just... WOW...Scott from Grind Burger Bar and Lounge referred me here, because the owners are the same. I'll have to thank him in person as soon as I can. This is now going to be my regular pizza place anytime I'm down in Vegas. The dough is fresh, and not tough/dry like chain places, the prices are AMAZING (12.80ish for a 7 topping, 14" pizza? You would be paying 22+ dollars for the same thing at Pizza Hut...), the toppings are plentiful, and everything is made in a wood fired oven. The service is extremely friendly and quick, also. We waited less than 10 minutes for our fresh pizza, and even got to watch it cooking. I'm hoping they expand to Seattle and San Francisco areas, because I'll definitely patronize them over any other pizza place.
3	2  14" cheese pies = $141 14" pie = $8additional toppings are $1.50Ok - sounds reasonable.  I order a sausage and mushroom ( 1 pic - sorry used a phone, a lil blurry ) When you walk into the restaurant  - it has that nice wood burning smell. It's a simple place but nice.The pizza - not bad, but a little thin on cheese , heavy on sauce and very light on the sausage.  The crust is above average.  I thought there might be a little more smoky taste  but it was non-existent.  personally, if i'm looking for a "high end" pizza - grimaldi's and Settebelo's works for me.
4	The pizza was a great change from "normal" pizza.  We ordered no. 3 with the pesto and marinara sauce.  It easily fed the 2 of us.  It wasn't too greasy nor was it really doughy.I would suggest getting the pizza to go, the restaurant side isn't great.  There's no restroom and the tables aren't comfy to sit at.  Also the soft drinks are limited.
4	Due pizzeria is a nice, clean food place away from  the hustle and bustle of the Las Vegas strip. I ordered the basic cheese pizza with tomato sauce. It wasn't too busy because it was about 3:30 pm but my pizza took about 10 minutes to come out. They cooked it fresh from scratch on the spot. The pizza was pretty good. It had a thin crust and the right amount of cheese (a bit more cheese wouldn't have hurt). They have Parmesan and pepper at each table which make a good addition to your pizza. I was really hungry so I got the 14inch pizza and was able to finish it on my own (8 slices). Overall, Due Pizzeria is a quiet, clean place in a new shopping/food complex. Parking was really easy so that shouldn't be a problem. They also deliver for a fee but I didn't ask about that service.
4	I liked so many things about this place: the crust, the sauce, the cheese, the temperature, the toppings, the prices...The only thing that would make this better is if they had iced tea (with actual ice) - I'm not a big fan of my only choice being a bottled drink with no ice.
4	Wood-fired brick oven pizza.  It's not strictly Neapolitan but it is very good.  Crust has the perfect chew & just the right level of toastedness.  Toppings are generously applied & well-distributed.  Prices are outrageously low.  $11.25 gets you a 14" pizza with a bunch of toppings, 8 slices.  They are happy to accommodate vegetarians & will adjust toppings accordingly.  Several sauce choices including tomato & pesto.They began as take-out only but now there's a small dine-in area.  It's no frills, but quite pleasant.You will not believe the size of their $7.50 salad!  It's enough for 3 people & it's wonderfully fresh.
4	The pizza is thin and not too heavy, cooked to perfection in the wood oven, and the ingredients are incredibly fresh.  Their prices are exceptionally reasonable  (2 sort-of artisanal, medium-sized pizzas for $14).  Only thing is that the sauce is weak in flavor, so you have to spice it up on your own.
4	Pretty good pizza!  Thin crispy crust that's both crispy and has good chew. Tasty sauce with a hint of kick.  Good toppings, too.It's a great choice if you're staying on the Strip and don't want to pay obscene room service rates for questionable pizza.  Our pizza was delivered to us at our south-strip hotel at no extra charge by a very friendly driver.
5	I discovered Due awhile back and absolutely love this pizza. I know around town everyone talks about Metro being great but I'm not into Metro at all, I mean its good pizza but Due hits it on the nose for me. Thin crust  fresh flavors and wood fired is one of my favorite types of pizza and thats how Due delivers it. I always order my pizza with fresh garlic, olives and extra sauce, absolutely delicious! My other pizza joint is Round Table so if you have similar tastes definitely try Due.  They used to have a sitting area but then the old owners took it out. I think there are plans to put one back in, at least thats the info I got when I was there last (since November the place is under new ownership).
5	Due Pizzeria, where to start. We were staying at the Bluegreen resort for the first time and saw their flyer in our room. After missing lunch with our friends, we were starving and called down to order. We did walk past the door twice, but then darted in and watched the owner bake our pizzas. He was really nice and chit-chatted with us while we were standing there. I loved the layout of the place. There is nowhere to sit, but he has glass up almost like a sub sandwich place for protection of the food, and so you can see the whole place. It was really neat standing there and watching our pizza cook and brown and watch the owner work the oven. You could tell this is what he does and has a passion for. Here's what we ordered and what we thought:Cheese Pizza: Simple cheese pizza, done amazingly right. The owner pulled it out of the wood fire oven and it already looked amazing, but then he did a spiral of some kind of sauce. We brought it up to our room and started to devour it. My word, I have never had such a tasteful pizza. It was thin, which I normally don't like, but I loved this one! The flavor of the dough was great, and the wood fire taste imbedded in it was perfect. The cheese, the sauce, I didn't NOT like anything about this pizza.Pepperoni Pizza: Basically everything I said about the cheese, transfers to the Pepperoni as well. The flavors were amazing and the owner uses little pepperoni's instead of the large ones. I loved them so much! The meat had such great flavor and wasn't spicy like some can be either. I couldn't make up my mind if I wanted the cheese or the pep more. YUM!While talking with the owner waiting for our pizzas he told us that he special orders his dough from New Jersey because the water here is too hard and doesn't make the dough the same. That information itself shows how much he cares about his product and that he knows his stuff. Every time we go to Vegas we will be stopping by here again. Loved it!
4	My second favorite in Las Vegas, next to Settobello. The pizza is thin but doesn't fall apart when you lift up to eat it. They also have not-your-typical toppings, such as artichoke, and breaded eggplant (which I have yet to try). It has a great oven-baked flavor and the crust is just the right amount of chewy. I always order the Nove (Nine) which has roasted artichokes, onions, mushrooms and mozzarella with garlic. Yum yum I want some!
5	Real good pizza nothing bad to say about except that I don't have one near home. Great crust love the wood oven fired cooking nice guy behind the counter. Good value for the money. I will be back.
