5	Brought my son's bike (not a Trek) for repair and the service specialist was extremely helpful and knowledgeable. We needed a new derailleur and he was able to install the derailleur, fix the chain and cable within 1.5 hours. Wow! I've been accustomed to--- "we should have that ready for you next Wednesday". The price was lower than I anticipated as well. Wish I got the service specialist name- just listed as "BA" on the receipt. Well, thanks BA, you made my son happy.  And if you're in the market for bikes or equipment, they look like they're pretty well stocked.  Check them out.
5	Great customer service with an old town bike shop feel. This is not a corporate store, the owners are truly into cycling and seem to care more about making sure you are getting you what actually need rather than just trying to make a sale. . . Rare thing in the west valley!
5	What a great place!! My mom arrived in town and found that the chain on her bike was completely messed up. She called, and brought her bike in, and in 5 minutes was outta there. They quickly fixed the chain free of charge! The guy that fixed her chain was polite, courteous and eager to help. We will be bringing our bikes and having our bike needs met here in the future!
5	Fantastic bike store. My wife and I bought bikes for Christmas here and they were exceptional with the customer service and getting us fitted and choosing an appropriate bike. We looked at other bike stores and never had the personalized attention we received here. Have been back since to get flats repaired, and buy accessories and they are always helpful. Love this store and would highly recommend it for anyone!
5	ended up at this bike shop by accident, my son had shifting issues and need a chain.  Super friendly staff and very fast service, I was very impressed  prices we more than fair  I will be back again,  HIGHLY recommended!
5	Just out looking around and came across this bike shop and I was amazed by how advanced bicycles have become. And the staff is so friendly also they did not make me feel out of place at all.
5	As a commuter cyclist my bike NEEDS to work every day, 100 miles a week and 5,000 miles a year. So when I snapped my rear deraileur (shift) cable it was an emergency in my world. The Spesh store where I bought my Allez, sadly, has closed.I've heard talk on the street of a high quality shop in Avondale. The bike, stuck in top gear, limped it's way to the Trek Store first thing Sunday morning. Never having been a customer before and riding another  brand bike, I was at their mercy. I didn't even have an apointment. I was stressed out!After calming me down-LOL! They instantly started working and soon found it to be quite complicated. The frayed cable end was stuck inside the shifter/brake and also jammed it deep inside the mechanism. At several moments the entire team was working on and consulting about it. I reminded them I only have $100 on me so not to go over that and I don't have enough for a new $250 shifter either. They put well over an hour (maybe two) into it with several techs involved. Yes, they were able to fix it saving the shifter. Two cables were also replaced. All is working great again! I figured they would take my full $100 since it took hours of labor time from multiple techs plus cables, housings, yada yada yada. I was shocked that they only charged the standard cable replacement fee. It was so low that I said it's not even fair- for them! They said keeping me on the road is all they care about. I gave a tip and soon after came back to put a deposit on one of those fancy carbon bikes. With service like this- I'll be sticking around for the long haul.It's all about the bike.Thank you Trek Store!
5	WOW, these guys are offering a service that is second to none!We are new to Goodyear and after a couple of rides we seemed to have picked up several thorns in our tires. We just inquired about upgrading the tubes and they just said to bring in the bikes. Not only did they have the special sizes we needed but they installed a liner as well and did it right away. No charge for labor, unbelievable, we will be back for any other things we need.
5	Bought our daughter's first bike here.  Nice, knowledgeable folks.  I'm no bike expert but we did have a very good experience here.
5	These guys are top notch mechanics that always go out of their way to provide quick service. Really affordable pricing for maintenance too.  Always enjoy riding with them at the WVC rides! Thanks for introducing me to cycling guys!
5	This place RULES!!!  I was looking for some decent mountain bikes for my wife and me so I emailed these guys on a whim on a Sunday evening.  Brian from the shop (one of the owners) emailed me back within about 15 minutes.  I'm in retail management and was blown away by this.  Anyway, we emailed back and forth for a week or so, he got me approved for the Trek Credit card and finally I came in to test a few out.  Brian was there to meet me and he and Ramon helped us find some bikes.  We bought a couple of $949 bikes but they treated us like we were buying $10,000 bikes.  They're real people, they don't take themselves too seriously,  they're not bike snobs, they have a beautiful shop and it was just flat-out bad ass buying some cool gear from these guys.  $2,000 is a lot of money to me but I felt super comfortable spending it here.
5	I looked at three shops before I purchased my mountain bike from these guys. They are the most professional and knowledgeable shop that I have been to. Any question that I had about their bikes or competitors they were able to answer. A week after I purchased the bike they called me to make sure everything was working properly. I look forward to doing more business with this shop!
5	We bought two basic hybrid bikes from this place about a year ago, along with some accessories and a pump. They were helpful, no hard sell, and we could tell they were giving us what was good enough for our needs, not necessarily the most expensive we could afford. Have gone back in a few times to switch out some accessories and they have been extremely helpful. Even brought back our pump back in - more than 6 months after the original sale - to replace the head (it was plastic and had just broken) and they replaced it for free, said it should have lasted longer so they upgraded us to a metal head and even put it on for us. Very impressed with their professionalism, service and quality. If you're looking for a bike or accessories or service on your bike, you'll be well taken care of.
5	Took my madone in the day after it arrived from Australia.  Rusty put the handlebar and pedals together, did a once over, checked the chain and gears and breaks, and ensured wheels are OK. Simple yet excellent service with no fuss.  Service with a smile goes a long way.Highly recommend, bought helmet just because of their great service.
5	Great place with lots of friendly service men.  The prices are not that bad & they can even order something if they don't have it in the store.   BF was looking for a new bike but didn't want to pay more than $700 for One.  They showed him 3 in the store & recommended a Cooke for $500 that they can order.  They gave positive reviewers about the bikes they were showing him so there was no pressure to spend more than or budget.  Treks are great bikes & they do have some affordable for beginners.
