4	We went to the "friends and family" opening of Maverick Rock Taco tonight and I must say, I can't wait to go back to try the regular menu.  Tonight, they had an assortment of chips and salsas and guacamole. In addition, they had shrimp skewers, chicken wings, sliders, and sausages.  I am not a huge fan of chicken wings, but theirs were really good.  I also loved the pineapple-mango salsa. Delish!  To go along with the light bites, they were serving up various Mexican beers and yummy white sangria. They also had a DJ spinning actual vinyl... too cool!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!Had fantastic service (went during lunch and at their "Friends and Family" opening). I hate that folks a week ago got the service they did-but this place had literally JUST OPENED and their staff was still training. Guys, give them another chance!The atmosphere is awesome-from the spray painted rock-icon murals in the dining room to the BEAUTIFUL distressed American flag (done by a friend of mine) to the wacky art in the bar.And, since my favorite spice blend happens to be cilantro/lime/chipotle-their menu makes me one happy girl! Try the wings-and don't diss the special ranch-it is AMAZING! Also fantastic-their cilantro-chile fries. YUM!And if you like tequila, they have plenty for you to sample.I'll be back again and again!
5	This place puts the ROCK in rock taco! I went for lunch this past Tuesday and enjoyed one of their signature beer-ritas with a girl friend who, to her delight, was able to have her favorite beer on draft. We shared an amazing pineapple guacamole dip and I devoured a delicious and fresh shrimp taco (hand-delivered by a chef, too- nice touch!)We truly enjoyed looking around at all the decor, especially the beautiful and giant handmade American flag wall! Also, the painted posters in the bathroom are awesome. The service was great, the manager was super friendly and welcoming, and my whole experience was truly wonderful. We can't wait to return for a taste of the nightlife! It's about a 30 min drive from the Huntersville area, but well worth the drive!PS. I'm no Nancy Drew, but it seems to me that the user Jeff B. might just be the owner of nearby Brazwells. If I were you I'd skip that review ;)
1	Chicken Tacos where good.   Chips and guacamole were nasty.   The only flavor the chips had was a burnt taste.   Service was great.     But the food was lacking and at $4.50 per taco it isn't cheap.   Chips are extra.   So 2 small tacos $9.00.  Chips $7.00.
2	Since we live close, we were anxiously waiting for something to open back up in the old Smokehouse BBQ place after 15 North closed.Maverick Rock Taco was a disappointment.  It is very pricey for what you get and just not that good.  Basically they have several options for fillings and you can get them in a taco ($3), burrito ($9), salad or entree (varies but in the teens)We started with chips and salsa with a trio of sauces ($9).  The salsas were completely lacking in spice, including the mango habernero.  The tomatillo wasn't bad tasting but just a little bland.  The chips were interesting--more flour tortillas than corn with sea salt.  Not too bad but for $9?The tacos were pricey, small and not that good.  The shrimp tacos were very good but all the others we sampled were dry overcooked and bland.The burritos were the same as the tacos only filled with rice to take up the space in the larger tortilla--definitely not the way to go.The margaritas were good ($10).  The service was not bad at all--as far as the regular service.  It took a very long time to get drinks, though and the bar was not that full when we were there.The place was very loud and it was tough to carry on a conversation.  It would probably be a good place for kids as they could run around screaming and nobody would notice over the sound system.Basically, I can make everything on their menu better and cheaper and if I am short on time, I will stick with Roasting Company's soft tacos or even the Taco Bell down the street in the future.
4	I've been a few times now. Great variety in the menu. Even my veggie and paleo friends were happy. Guacamole was made in house, not just dressed up like a prev post said. If they bought it. I want to know where for my restaurant! Anyway, atmosphere was rustic and hip. Fits any occasion.  I Like the music quiet enough to have a conversation, but loud enough not to hear nearby tables. They hit it right. I wasn't a fan on the ceviche. I get what they were shooting for, but missed the mark on a tomato base ceviche. Also disappointed in the rubbery calamari rings in it. We had several apps. Server had no problem replacing the ceviche with another choice. Wing sauce was creative and different - kind of a cilantro buffalo. Really tasty. Tacos were great and large portioned, so def worth the extra $1 vs avg taco prices. Pork could use some work. It was a little dry for me. Surprisingly the veg  and the chicken were my favs. They lost me on the beer cocktails. Again, I get the idea. But it got to complex for me to try more that 2. Not as sessionable as the base brew had intended. Server was great, and excited about the restaurant. I hope they all reflect that. The managers were around, but just roaming. No real contact was noticed. Ive said it a million times, know your customers. Talk to them. The drive by table touches don't cut it these days! Keep up the good work. Wishing y'all much success!
5	When Stratos Lambos' restaurant group, Xenia Hospitality, decided to open up a taco joint on Montford...I was nervous.  Already a big fan of Illios Noches, and Big View Diner (but not so much Nolen Kitchen...but that's another story) which have Greek/Mediterranean menu items, I wasn't sure if a complete 180 into Mex could be executed well. However, the attention to quality ingredients and execution really shine through at MRT, and after 2 visits, I've added it to my list of favorites in Charlotte. The decor is total rock n' roll, and fits the Montford crowd well.  Graffiti-style painted walls with rockstars like Gene Simmons, even Bob Marley, among others make for a dark, music club vibe in one section.  The other part of the restaurant, brighter, windows facing the street, a more rustic industrial feel.  I love how laid back it is. The menu is nicely laid out-- appetizers of salsas (unlimited refills BTW), fundido, Mexican soup. I know the Charlotte Observer recently reviewed the restaurant and said the chips were inconsistent and greasy...but ours were nice and crispy.  Our server, Sterling said they've since improved the methods of their chips, no longer leaving them out, but freshly frying new batches throughout the day. It's nice to know they listen.  Tortas, Mexican sandwiches are very flavorful and nicely balance of meat (or veggie) and depending on the sandwich, accompanied by a tart pickled veggie, or smooth creamy cheese or avocado.  I particularly like the special torta bread (one of the many locally sourced items) which is light and airy, but crisp and grilled/toasted on the outside. We had the braised short rib, which I could not stop eating. The main part of the menu is sectioned off by protein.  (Beef, chicken, shrimp, tuna...and veggie.)  You can then get each as a taco, burrito or salad.  I've had every single taco variety, which come on either corn or flour soft tortilla, or on bib lettuce.  (TIP: the lettuce wrap is a single piece of lettuce, which is difficult to contain all the overflowing yummies inside, but is a nice low-carb option nonetheless.) If you're getting an app, and a side (I HIGHLY suggest the street corn), you can probably get away with just two tacos, they're that filling.  (BTW: To the person who said the salsa is $7...ours was $3, and the tacos were only $3 apiece! Our bill for 2 people, app, main and dessert and drinks...$33!)There is live music on the weekends, and drink specials...but to be honest, I'm more interested in the dessert.  The molten chipotle chocolate with chai ice cream and cinnamon sugar churros.  Yes.  You heard correctly.  This is the kind of dessert you eat once, and immediately start planning when you'll be able to get back to the restaurant for another one.  It's a sensory overload. This is not your average molten cake.  (I actually hate how it's on EVERY menu under the sun, and so often executed poorly.) This has an undertone of heat...and the molten portion is dark and gooey, and perfect for dipping the hot crispy churros.  The cool refreshing ice cream pairs so well...my only complaint is there isn't more ice cream served with the dish! I'm excited to try their lunch menu and the burritos real soon!
3	Great atmosphere and interesting salsa come immediately to mind remembering my first visit to this great spot!  The menu is not your run of the mill, either.  They offer some interesting items such as tortas (mexican sandwiches), street-style corn (OMG! YUM!!), and cilanto-lime fries.  Menu items are generous (read: over-sized) and they have some local craft beers on tap.  I've seen other people mention that you don't get free chips and salsa here, which is true.  But, let me tell you what you DO get.  If you order chips and salsa, your chips are bottomless.  These chips are fresh, and perfect!  If you order the trio salsa, you get the traditional tomato-based salsa, then you get a tomatillo and avacado salsa, and a sweet-heat mango and habenero. We ordered this and it was a really enjoyable appetizer.The restaurant is laid out in two distinct areas with tables in both areas and we were told they are adding a patio in the back.  I'm told if they do have live music, the layout allows you to enjoy the music, or escape to the other area where you can still have a normal conversation with friends.  This is a huge draw for me, as I usually find live music in restaurants to inhibit conversation due to the volume level.Overall I really enjoyed our visit here.  The one draw back was that the hostess seemed to be ready for us to leave.  It may have just been a misunderstanding on her part, but she came and took our chips and salsa (that we were still snacking on) as soon as we paid our bill.  It was just one of those moments where we were so surprised we didn't even think to stop her until she was gone, lol.  It wasn't a big enough deal to keep us away, however, and I only mention it here as a caution in case this is her habit.  Suggestion:  ask the table before taking food away.On to the next time... I'm dying to go back just for the corn!
3	The other reviews are spot on. Sunday evening (about 6PM) Dawn and myself discovered Maverick Rock Taco by accident: we just happened to spot it while looking for something new.We were seated in the bar area and promptly attended to by the bartender/ server for the table. He was very knowledgeable about the menu and made some excellent suggestions.We had the salsa trio app (tomatillo/ avacado, Roja and mango/ habenero). The tomatilo/ avacado was exceptional. The Roja was a bit more bland than I like, but a dash of hot sauce opened up the flavor. There was no 'heat' to the sweet/heat of the mango/ habenaro ... perhaps the spice was left out of this batch?For our entree we ordered six different proteins with a variety of toppings as tacos (chicken, steak, calamari, shrimp, vegetarian) IMPOSSIBLE to pick a favorite because they were all great: fresh, tasty and HUGE portions for the money.The only drawback (and it's a pretty big one) was the atmosphere on this particular evening. We were seated in the bar area (We weren't told there was another dining area, just seated in the bar.) and had just received our food when a young woman decided to pay the jukebox. The music blasted out a hip hop song full of profanity and explicit sexual content. The music was loud enough to restrict conversation. There was a table of young twenty somethings seated behind us and they were singing along at the top of their lungs. Yike. Remember, this is about 6PM on a Sunday night. A server told us later that they had been there since opening and drinking all day. That experience really threw a wet towel over the evening. We'll be back, but only during lunch next time.
4	3 trips - all for lunch.  Ordered different things every time.  Here's the rundown....Atmosphere gets 4 stars.  Funky place.  Charlotte needs more character, so this pleases me.  Their parking lot isn't as large as it probably needs to be.  Montford appears to be the new happening street in CLT, so street parking doesn't exist.Service receives 5 stars.  Knowledgeable,warm, chatty but not too chatty, mixed in some wit into the conversations, fast, accurate, etc.Food quality/taste/presentation receives 3 stars.  Love the concept. Love Mexican fare.  The tableside guac was killer.  The street corn was killer.  Everything else was just OK.  I went back twice after my first visit wanting it to be better and the food was about the same as the first time around - just ok.  I've had their pork tacos, their short rib torta, and their chicken torta.  The tortas are HUGE, but fairly bland.  Something with the jicama/cilantro/greens mix doesn't work well with the short rib torta.  Same with the chicken torta:  marinated peppers, pickled onions, jicama and cilantro.  Maybe it was the pickled onions?  Maybe I could have tried it with regular onions?  I don't know, but the taste combo just isn't/wasn't working for me.  The tacos were decent, but nothing to go bragging to friends about.  I wish I could bottle the Mexican food truck experience in LA and bring it to Charlotte.  Simple dishes with a ton of flavor.Overall, I'd score it a 3.5 stars.  The next visit will certainly push me one way or another.  I wish them well.
2	Reasonably priced menu. I was not very impressed with the food or service on my visit. I have been to some of their other restaurants and like it so I decided to give this place a go. Food was very bland; Guacamole had no seasoning.  Asked for some sort of hot sauce when my tacos arrived but their selection was limited; no "home made" hot sauce.  I will try again later and see if they got any of the issues resolved.
4	I'm adding this to my list of places to eat at for lunch.  It fits in nicely with the rest of the great fare on Montford and has some really good offerings.The food: I'm not a seafood sorta guy so I stuck with the chicken and pork tacos.  The chicken is a solid item with great tastes gong on.  The pork taco, on the other hand, knocked my socks off.  The meat itself was seasoned and cooked to perfection and worked well with both the flour and the soft corn shells.  What got me going was the pineapple mango salsa that topped this beauty, it was a beautiful complement to the meat and offered a new take on the taco.  As far as sides go, I keep going back to the mexican street corn:  think grilled corn on the cobb with some saucy goodness.  Warning: not beard friendly but definitely tongue lovin.  Appetizers - The chips and salsa  trio's blend includes some great tastes (my fave is the pineapple-mango..go figure) and the Guac trio also serves up nicely.  The wings pack tasty heat that doesn't dissapoint.The atmosphere:  Stylish, fun.  Booths and tables were comfortable.  The long table at the bar with bar-height metal stools - not so much.  Avoid if you can.The Value: Lunch special of 2 tacos + side is plenty of food at a good price (8 bux).  Dinner - you're ordering tacos and sides independently so you're probably paying more, but not outrageous.
3	Reminds me of Paco Tacos. They definitely put the "rock" in Rock Taco with the loud music. It's not the ideal date night or girls' night out when you really want to talk or gossip. It's a place that you'll enjoy if you want to be distracted by watching a game at their bar, listen to a live band, or stay engaged on your entertainment device. The food was okay, nothing spectacular, but enjoyable nonetheless. However, I do not recommend their guacamole; it was bland and flavorless. On the flip side, I will recommend their salad with grilled veggies. The chipotle ranch dressing packed a punch!
3	We decided to check out rock taco for a friend's birthday.  She'd been dying to give it a try.  We started with the chips & salsa trio.  the tomatillo was my favorite.  the roja was bland & the mango one was way too sweet for chips & salsa.  I ordered two street tacos, the tinga chicken & steak chimichurri.  The steak taco was quite delicious, I'd definitely order it again.  the tinga was completely devoid of flavor, maybe for people who don't really like Mexican food?!  I'm a "the spicier the better" kind of person & it left a lot to be desired.  I think this place caters to the under 26 crowd, with the tool boxes of beer, loud music & even louder decor.  Not exactly my scene.  I would go back to taste other menu items but it's definitely not a place I'd frequent.
2	Very disappointed for a Restaurant from the Stratos group. They need to stick with their Greek inspired roots. Absolutely flavorless enchildas and my wife had the most disappointing chicken Fajitas ever. Unlike EVERY other Mex and Tex Mex spot, no complimentary chips and salsa. That feature will cost you $4 bucks. My waiter was nice enough to "comp" an order of their chips and trio of salsa's on the hoouse since it was our first visit but outside of the Mango, the Roja and Tomatillo were average at best. Expensive for what you get, I would recommend nearby Paco's Taco's and Tequila in a heartbeat and they bring free and awesome chips and salsa and definitely better food for the $$$.
5	We have visited twice for lunch and had a blast each time. Top notch tacos and a clean crisp fun environment.
4	One of my new favorite places.  I have enjoyed every meal and they purchase many ingredients from local vendors.  Great food, great vibe and very affordable.
2	Update...went here again and I left disappointed. I got the chips and salsa to start. The salsa is fine, but I didn't get the impression it was made in house. I ordered the salad again, but this time I asked to have my salad fixed after it arrived at the table. Most of the bowl was just lettuce and there were just a few black beans scattered throughout. Even the server was surprised that it was mainly lettuce. When it returned, they spruced it up by piling a couple extra ingredients on top of my lettuce. It didn't taste like fresh veggies, but something you'd get from cans (e.g., canned corn, pickled cactus). Highly disappointing especially when I could do better at a salad bar. After going twice, it's unlikely I'll be back a third time. I need flavor and quality when it comes to my food, which neither was found during my visits here.
4	The best red wine sangria I have ever had. I dream about their sangria which by the way they have half price on Thursays! The menu is a slight modern twist and their use of herbs is spot on from the french fries to the rice. This summers menu was extremely limited but it looks like they just updated their menu with more variety.
1	I would love to be able to tell you all about the food, but I can't because after walking in on a very non-busy Sunday evening during a football game and sitting for over 10 minutes, no one even came by to take our order or even give us a glass of water. I am so disappointed that such a cute place from the outside would be such a disaster on the inside. Let me also add that the atmosphere was horrible - I've got a mouth of a sailor, but the people sitting at the bar were dropping more f-bombs than I could ever try to get out during the Panters losing season. Don't think we'll be headed back to even give it a second try.
5	My friend wanted to try Mavericks when it had just opened so we went- Our server Katie was really cool and we felt at home immediately.   We tried the tacos, we also ordered some of the sides to pass around the table.  The street corn was awesome.  The food was full of bold flavors all around.  We have been back a bunch of times.  The chimichuri beef has settled as my favorite on the menu.  (try it in a taco, or on the Maverick Salad) The salsa trio is from flavor country for sure!!  That alone would keep me coming back, but then there's the staff- Reem and Niki in the bar like happy customers and full glasses.  Blood Orange Margaritas?   Blackberry margaritas?  Cool drink specials.  One of my friends from California was just visiting- we had dinner at Mavericks.  I think 5 staff came over to check in for hellos.   Everyone has been really friendly and welcoming- since I'm new in Charlotte this has been just as satisfying for me as the food.  My visitor (a vegetarian) also gave it his stamp of approval- he had the fried avocado tacos with black eye peas.  The Rock and Roll aspects are cool too- murals, collage and sculptures, not to mention the soundtrack- Nirvana, Zeppelin and Tribe Called Quest....the genre is broad.  Your server might be wearing a Beatles or Bob Marley shirt.  It's casual and playful.  Now if they would only open a pop up at the Music Factory so they would have some live music to add to the mix... I'd buy tacos at the Filmore. For some of the games we have watched at Maverick's, there's been a DJ mixing on a Saturday night. It makes for a great hangout...and they really do try to keep your glasses full!  Everything they do keeps me coming back for more.
2	I am disappointed to stay that they have changed their sangria.  I had previously wrote how they had the best sangria I have ever had in my life. I had pumped all my friends and boyfriend up about getting sangria and after a month, we finally made it. The original sangria came filled with plump black berries and was made with basil which added the perfect twist to the sweetness. However, this has all changed. No more plump black berries. No more basil. Their excuse was that basil is out of season.  I am pretty sure that you can still get a hold of it.I think the real reason is that the person who created the menu has since left.  My bet is that the new chef thought he could cut corners without realizing the impact it had.
4	The pork at this place is the best, I love love love it... soooo good. The chicken is good, steak and beef were a little dry the few times I had. Brother had a salad and it was lacking in the meat department. The corn is really good, beans excellent as well.
1	Another seemingly dead spot for restaurant in Charlotte. But this time i think it is more than just bad fengshui.  When everyone else is hopping on a Saturday night, no reason this place should be as empty as it was... Unless the reason is subpar service and even worse food.  The space is cute, I love the dimly lit by color string light atmosphere in the bar area.  We were greeted at the door by the DJ (didn't know they use the hostess stand as DJ booth until we were on the way out). We sat at the bar where it was virtually empty. Somehow it took the 2 bartenders a good while to acknowledge us. One was too busy closing out or something, which left the only other one to do the serving. She didn't have answers for any questions I had regarding drink special or food menu. I don't even recall what we had, since I wasn't the one needing to eat. I do remember the calamari being the chewiest batch I have ever had. EVER! And I eat lots of calamari. I am sure there is a very simple basic way of prepping them in order for them to not be chewy. When the best things I got was chips and salsa and I am sure they weren't even homemade, it may spell the end of a tex-mex restaurant.
2	OK, the atmosphere is fun and festive.  Who does not like colored lights strewn about and awesome old rock band posters on the walls?  The floors were clean and the bar area was fun... a great place to meet a friend for a canned beer.  Yes, really.  And with a gut washer choice of one chardonnay, you will drink the canned beer.  Or the draft beer- but beware, the Shiner Bock was flat and not very cold. Disappointed, party of one.  Ok, Ok... so, you might enjoy a fun atmosphere on a great street to meet friends for... drinks.  But not dinner.I had the fried avocado tacos and the black eyed pea salad.  Both were bad.  The bean salad, and I love stuff like this, was swimming in salt and vinegar.  I think those were the only ingredients.  It was bad.  The fried avocado tacos (as a vegetarian this prospect sounded delicious to me!) were, ummm, tasteless. Which might be better than the black bean salad which might have benefited from being tasteless?  The queso was good.  But, seriously, who can't melt some cheese?  I like food too much to return here.
2	Atmosphere is fun and menu looks great but there are more negatives than positives about this place... If you want good tex mex there are many better options. No free chips and salsa and no mix and match on the tacos. Service is very slow and we were not informed about any of the specials. Staff didn't seem knowledgeable about food or seem to really care. The manager walked by many times and never stopped to ask us how we were even though a dish came out late and then wrong in addition to that. Save your time and money on this place if you want good service, the food may be worth a try but I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
5	My new FAVORITE place!I could not rave over this restaurant enough!I went in on a whim because Montford Drive is close by, and decided to try it out!The dips and chips, the street tacos, the mixed drinks- it was all incredible! They are fast, the food tastes delicious, the drink and food menu is innovative and unique, and the atmosphere is really inviting & fun!I have come with a group of 20 and on a date, and love it all the same : )This place ROCKS!
2	I was so, so excited to give this place a try. Mexican food, guacamole, margaritas?? It's my perfect little restaurant trifecta. Sadly, my husband and I were in and out in an hour and we probably will not be back any time soon. We were seated at a comfortable table near the bar and offered popcorn. What? Where are my chips and salsa? Oh, we have to order them? Hmmm... I was slightly suspicious. I politely declined the popcorn and perused the drink list. The list looked good! My husband and I both wanted to try something different - I got the blueberry mojito and he ordered a fresh mango margarita with salt. Forever and ever later, our drinks arrived. Mine was fine. Just fine. His drink tasted like they had mashed up some frozen mango and it had thawed in his drink. It also did not come rimmed with anything. Small detail, but still... We ordered the guacamole trio as an appetizer. Whoa. A ton of guacamole. We probably should have asked another couple to sit with us and help us eat it. The guacamole concept, three different guacs, all a little bit different, is a great idea. Unfortunately, it tasted like pre-made guacamole that each had a little bit of something mixed in at the last minute. Totally disappointed. The chips were ok but also nothing amazing. Our meals were fine. Nothing exciting. My husband ordered three different tacos - he said the pork one was excellent, the other two were pretty blah. I also ordered a fish taco and it was ok. Nothing stellar. All in all, our entire experience took less than an hour. Our server was super nice, the bar was neat and clean and cool. But, unfortunately, the drinks, the apps, and the meal were all totally ho-hum. Such a bummer! I will try to get back in and give it another try but I certainly won't be rushing to do so.
4	Any place that has excellent sangria and is sweet to my kid in her high chair is a success in my book!  I've been here twice--once for late night drinks with some girlfriends and another time for dinner with my husband and 16 month old.  It's rare a place can be a good fit for both but I had a great time both nights!The food was delicious: You've got to have the street tacos for sure.  My favorite was the chili lime shrimp taco which has jicama mango slaw, yumm!  I also liked the jalapeno mahi and the pork.  The guacamole is mediocre and kind of small (well...compared to guacs the size of your head at other restaurants) so I don't recommend that as your app--luckily you have several app choices and the good ole' staple salsa hit the spot.  All the servers were extremely nice and helpful.  I'll keep recommending this one!
3	This place looks Fantastic!  This Neighborhood deserves a place this cool??? Really Cool place to watch X Games (Live on TV).  If this is a Sports Bar, this is MY kind of Sports Bar!!!  They were playing "Strutter" by KISS as we were leaving.Food is three times better than "Cabo Fish Taco"  Service was 100% better than "Cabo"... We had three different Tacos, each was more disappointing than the previous!  Chimichurri Skirt Steak, Ground Beef and Fried Avocado...  Chimichurri Steak Taco gets 2.22 yelp starsGround Beef Taco 2 yelp starsFried Avocado 1 yelp starThe Mexican Street Corn was missing flavor, unenjoyable!Best Part of the Food was the FREE Chips and Salsa!  Salsa gets 3 yelp stars
4	I am generally not a big fan of the cliche restaurant themes, so when I heard about "Rock Taco" I was thinking "here we go, another cheesy spot that will play loud music and push tequila shots to make you forget about the bad food" but I was pleasantly surprised... so much that I didn't care about the bad rock artwork or the motorcycle parts on the walls.Let me first say that a well crafted taco is one of life's great pleasures, and it is all centered on quality ingredients.  I could tell these guys don't cut corners - the meat and veggies were all super fresh and the corn tortillas were just perfect.  Quality was so good that I didn't need those Patron shots after all.Only reason I gave it a 4 instead of a 5 is that second time I went I felt like I got the B team experience... it was a Sunday and I'll give 'em a pass because I think everyone was hung over, but consistency is needed to get a 5 out of 5.
3	cool bar area for casual dining, margaritas and chips and salsa.  Pretty casual fun place with a lively buzz. Any time there are colored Christmas lights on the ceiling it's time for a laid back party.  All of the tacos are unique and some are fantastic.  The back seating area is just OK in my opinion but the bar area is more cozy and fun. They often have a band after 9:30 and it can get loud in the bar area but that can be fun too. Just depends on the band.  Good spot.
3	I've been to Maverick Rock Taco twice in the last week now, and I feel like both times were solid 3-star experiences - some aspects of the meal were great and some were average.  My first visit was last Friday night around 7:30 pm and it was packed!  The wait was about 20 minutes, which isn't too bad compared to other spots in Charlotte on a Friday night.  I also went on a Sunday at 7 pm and there were only a few people there.  Both times the service was attentive and food came out quickly.  I read in some reviews below that chips and salsa had to be ordered, but that wasn't the case when I was there - they were brought out as soon as our table sat down, which is good because I love me some salsa.What I really enjoyed - tomatillo salsa, guacamole, chimichurri steak taco, grilled vegetables, and the Mexican street corn.  Ugh that Mexican street corn is so good I can't explain it...I just can't.  It reminds me what I used to get from the county fair every summer when I lived in California (and believe me, this corn was so legit I still think about it 10+ years later).Average menu items included the chili lime shrimp taco and the steak fajitas.  They were fine, but it's not like I'll be clamoring to order either of those dishes again.  I had a sip of a skinny margarita but couldn't finish it because it was too sweet for my taste, but everyone at my table absolutely loved theirs.The location right on Montford is really convenient and it's a fun place to go with friends, so I'm sure I'll be back.
4	I didn't have high expectations for this place based on other reviews, but I loved it! I got the citrus chili shrimp tacos with a mango jicama slaw and the street corn and it all was really delicious!  We also got the ahi tuna taquitos as an app and they were great - I don't remember any seaweed in it though.  Everyone ordered different types of tacos and devoured them.  My patron cosmo drink was perfectly made - not too sweet or strong and the service couldn't have been better.  Oh and the atmosphere is both warm and fun.  The place was packed.
4	9 out of 10 times, yelp gets it right, in my opinion. this was the one time they got it wrong! when i looked up reviews for Maverick, it had a 3 star rating, and I was almost sure I didn't want to eat here... but am I glad that my hubby convinced me otherwise.The ambiance - so lively! on a Thursday night it was busy. mostly with bigger groups of 7-10 people. The ceiling is full of colorful lights, the music plays loud, and there's a digital JukeBox with the latest and greatest hits to take your pick from! Moving on to the drinks.. they have some neat drink specials, but I went with the Michelada. It was one of the best I've had till date. I got to try the chicken fajitas, which were somewhat non traditional. The dish doesn't come with the usual sides of lettuce, salsa, guac and sour cream.. instead there's a side of delicious charro beans, pablano green rice & Mexican street corn! I also tried some of the jalapeno mahi mahi tacos with a side of the spicy cilantro lime fries. a random interesting thing I noticed - they list all their vendors on the menu, that way, you know that your food is made from fresh produce and meats. I almost forgot to mention the friendly staff! Overall, it was a great experience, and I'm going back :)
4	Went on a dreary Sunday afternoon with two others. The food was good. One person got a veggie burrito with avocado and portabello, another got a cheese quesadilla, and I got hot "wings" (since there were some drumsticks, too). No real problems except I was told the wrong number of wings (it's 12 oz, not 12 wings).
5	We visited Maverick Rock Taco this past Saturday night for the time, and it was a fantastic experience!  We were offered a seat in either the bar area in the front or the dining area in the back.  Although it would be nice if the two were adjoining vs. being separated by the kitchen, bathrooms, etc., it does give dining room patrons the opportunity to enjoy their dinners without interference of sports on the TVs in the bar area.  Noticing it was a bit loud in the bar area, we opted for the dining room.  Coronas and Corona Lights were on sale for $2, so we each got one of those.  They surprisingly came out in cans!  I've honestly never seen Corona in a can!  No worries.  For $2, I'm not going to be picky, and I still got a lime with it. :)  The menu isn't huge, but they have some pretty awesome selections, both for appetizers and taco choices.   I'd put them on par with Cabo Fish Taco in NODA.  You could either go with a few apps to share or get "street" tacos.  I couldn't decide which two street tacos to get, so I opted for some that I usually can't find at other restaurants:  calamari and chorizo.  There are many more that I'd love to try, though.  So for about $10, I get two street tacos, a side, and free chips and salsa.  And, let me tell you, the salsa is one of THE BEST I've ever tasted.  The tomatoes are chargrilled, giving it an incredible flavor.  The only comparable salsa I've had has been at the Mexican chain restaurant Chevy's.  They chargrill theirs too.  I could eat buckets of it.  Don't settle for wimpy salsa!  The calamari was a bit tough and chewy and probably could have used some spices, but it was still tasty, and there was plenty on the taco.  The chorizo was great, too.  As my side, I selected their unique Spicy Cilantro Lime Fries.  They had a different (good different) flavor, but weren't truly "spicy," just flavored.  I liked them a lot, but I'd probably try one of their other unique side item choices next time.  We'll definitely be back.  The taste of the food and varied taco selections offered were a solid five stars.  The atmosphere could be better, but I'll let it go because their salsa rocks! (Possibly even maverick rocks?)
1	Eh. Terrible! If you just want to drink in a super loud place with terrible food and equally poor service, this is your place. If you want to eat decent food and have a conversation..pass this place by.Food was overdone (cooked to death), over salted and under flavored.  Service...not so much.  They didn't seem to care, neither did the management.The chips and salsa were okay...but since we had to pay for them ($2) and every other place gives them gratis, I expected them to be a little better.  Salsa tasted like it wasn't made fresh but instead from a jar.It was so loud that we couldn't talk and we had to yell across the table.  As I said this is really just a bar with bad food.  We didn't try the margaritas and since we won't ever be coming back EVER I guess we never will.  As far as a bar goes, it's okay...but let's face it there are plenty of better bars in town...especially on Montford.It always surprises me when a place messes up the basic and rather simple idea of Tex Mex. And with a taco joint popping up in Charlotte every 15 seconds...I'm sure we will have another place to try when this one goes under.
5	YUm!!  Tacos here are great.  The weekly specials are awesome and good deals!  Salsa and chips are gooood!!My fave is the mahi taco on lettuce and get some extra sauce....so amazing!
3	It really was a pretty nice place, and I would give it an extra half star if that were available. I think the beer is a little pricey, as are single tacos, but they had a pretty good selection of tap beers. Food seems okay, some of it quite tasty, but nothing special that I would rave about. When we were there (Sunday early evening) they weren't crowded at all; service was great.
1	They charge for chips and salsa refills, and after a half hour of sitting down, we still have not ordered, ended up leaving.
3	Great food and great specials on 1-2-3 night. Margaritas were delicious but hard to drink more than one because the mix was too sour. Asked the waiter several times to turn the music down so we could converse at our table but he never did, not sure if that was his fault or restaurant policy but eventually had to move to the back of the restaurant to be able to carry on a conversation. Otherwise the service wasn't bad. Would go back here but not my #1 montford spot.
3	Visited this place with friends for Cinco de Mayo.  Understandably very crowded, so we waited at the bar.  I had the Maverick margarita, which tasted like a margarita should.  The bartender appeared to be a bit juvenile....I don't know if he thought he was flirting, but my girl friend stated that his banter may work on twenty something's, but not on women of our age.  Besides the bartender, there were two donkeys outside, dressed in tiny sombreros!  The donkeys were sweet and didn't try to unsuccessfully flirt with us.  Anyway, we were seated in under an hour, and, while we waited, we had chips and salsa.  Very average, but having something to snack on was great!  The bar area had a band and was noisy in general, so we were delighted to sit in the back area.  I liked that the menu designated the vegetarian items.  I ordered a dish that sounded so decadent:  three cheese quesadillas with spinach and portabello mushrooms, sour cream and quacamole.  They also came with a garnish of cabbage and tomatoes.  The quesadillas did not taste as special as they sounded.  In fact, one could not have picked them out of a dive bar quesadilla lineup.  Also, I had to ask our waitress for a glass of water three times.  Good thing I wasn't in the desert.About the decor......the walls featured pictures of rock musicians, such as Jimmy Page, Ozzy and Peter Frampton.  But, the music did not match the theme.  The genre was basically pop music of today, with a surprise song by Journey thrown in (oooooh, that was heavy!).  One detail that caught the eye of myself and my rocker chick friend was a stencil near the bathrooms that said, "you are never too old to rock."  Photo op for us aging head bangers!  So the outdoor donkeys and the stenciling saved the day!
4	What makes this place cooler than the other bars in town? The outdoor seating area! And I don't mean just ANY outdoor space, this is a fenced in area, with colorful christmas lights adorning the top of the patio, with brand new wooden high picnic table and benches. 3 Large flat screen TVs are on the outside patio, so you will not miss a second of the game you came here to watch. It is a magnificent experience after the sun cools off and enjoy yourself on the patio with good company. Great for conversations as it is much quieter outside. The sound of the TVs are muted so you can enjoy your company at the same time.Try any of their chips and dip and you will not be disappointed. The avocado dip is awesome, the avocado is very fresh. The Queso dip is also banging, not too salty or hot. I wouldn't come back here for tacos, if I wanted taco I will probably go to Cabo Fish Taco in Noda. Their Tacos were OK. The drinks were quite fantastic, we ordered red sangrias to share. There were chunks of strawberries in the sangria. It was just the right flavor, sweet but not to sweet, you can taste the alcohol, and the drink was refreshing. The turn-around for our orders was really fast. We also really appreciated that all of our items were served in a nice presentation, which you can not expect at most bars.
5	There are a lot of Taco places starting to bud in Charlotte, but so far Maverick sets the bar high. What most people may not know is that everything is locally sourced. This is how local business is done; sustainability. Coming from an old school farming family (my great grandparents were farmers), I sincerely appreciate this. Salsa's and sauces are made in house (absolutely try the verde' salsa; it's amazing), and their corn tortilla's are locally sourced as well.As far as the food; I had a plate, which comes with two taco's and one side. You can mix n' match or for $0.25 less you can have two of the same. I went with one Barbacoa Short Rip taco, and one Mojo Pork Carnitas taco. For my side I opted for the rice and beans; but only because they were out of this "amazing corn" that I keep hearing about. To their credit, we came at a somewhat odd hour for lunch (2:30 roughly), but you should always have your "signature" items stocked. This didn't impact the score overall (in my opinion) because the other food items were so strong and overall it was an outstanding experience. I also had two margarita's; the house and the blood orange and I was able to try their Spicy Cilantro Lime Fries (which comes with the same sauce drizzled over the Street Mexican Corn).All of the food was fantastic! I was worried that the Barbacoa and Carnita's would be too similar in nature, but the way that they are prepared...make no mistake, they are far from the same. Those Mojo taco's were surprisingly good (they were a good mix of sweet and smoky with a tiny bit of kick), and the Barbacoa taco's were very close to what I was expecting (smoky and tangy with a very light hint of pickled favor from the onions). Absolutely perfect. The Rice and Beans were also good; you can tell that they take their time with the rice; I'd almost say that it's similar to a cilantro, zesty type of dirty rice. It was surprisingly good.The staff was friendly; as in, I felt like I was being served by friends rather than a wait staff. I typically trust a servers opinion, because they have the food regularly. Unless their tastes are completely different than mine, I'm going to go with their recommendations. My servers recommendations couldn't have hit the mark any better.The atmosphere is nice overall. The outdoor patio is great, but they may want to consider options for covering it from the heat (during the summer) and the elements on rainy days. Make use of that wonderful new patio...don't just think about that night crowd. I'm taking to you Maverick owners...This is a great place, and I would highly recommend to anyone. There are other competitors popping up all over Charlotte (and NO, I'm not thinking about Cabo Fish Taco, which is a slightly different market in my opinion), but the prices are more reasonable, and I feel like you're getting more for your money at Maverick! I would recommend this first to anyone wanting a good, laid back atmosphere with quality ingredients at a good price. What more would you want? Enough said. 5 Stars.
4	Came here with a few friends for lunch.  They have a decent lunch menu and we were in and out quickly.Chips and salsa were good and my shrimp tacos were excellent.  This place is also good at night where they occasionally have live music in the bar.
5	The clay pot burrito, the watermelon margs, yummy nachos, the near grandma homemade chicken soup, and all the cool taco fillings. Add to that a cool patio area, plenty of flat screen tvs and nice servers. Love this place!
3	After hearing mixed reviews I had to check it out. After arriving we ordered a sampler appetizer, including guacamole, cheese dip & flauntas. The cheese dip was heavy and pretty blah & the flauntas were burned and nothing too exciting. We proceeded to order the chicken fajitas and barbacoa tacos. They were both OK, nothing too write home about. I was also extremely disappointed with the rice & beans, served with the fajitas, very dry and tasted like store bought or out of a can. A little disappointing overall.
3	Great tacos...5 stars...had the shrimp tacos and my wife had the mahi...both were fab and so were the fries and chips/salsa.  Atmosphere seems like it would be fun in the evening too.So, why the mediocre review...the service (ZERO stars) and the watery margarita...which was properly removed from my bill so kudos there.Anyway, the young lady bar-tending this past Sunday had about the worst attitude I've experienced in awhile.  Even though we said thank you to everything she threw in front of us, I didn't hear one "your welcome."  She also copped and attitude when I didn't know the menu inside and out and asked a few questions.  Seriously?  It was Sunday afternoon and about 5 people were in the joint so its not like she was busy.  Just a terribly grouchy person that needs some customer service classes.  Oh but wait, she was sooo nice when handing me my credit card back for me to fill in her tip amount.I'll go back but will definitely not sit at the bar if she's around.
5	Mexican street corn is awesome and $2 for Tecate tall boys late night is where its at
4	Excellent inventive tacos, I haven't had anything that wasn't very good here.The Mexican street corn is wonderful, the pitchers of copper are a good price. Their pitchers suck however (from a physics standpoint) and will spill easily half a beer or more on the floor no matter how you or the waitstaff pours. After many a beer lost we found out there are a limited number of lids that fix the problem completely, ask for one.Service has been either excellent or mediocre. (After we were told "It's okay, it was all foam anyways" while our waitress poured a good pint of copper on the floor while we shed a tear, unfamiliar with the specials we knew existed, Versus our skilled unflappable waitress who made sure we didn't spill on ourselves and handled a group of twenty voracious consumers of food and drink on her lonesome with constantly refilling pitchers, chips, drinks, water, salsa, etc etc.)Edit: Since I bashed another taco place for not having it, praise for Maverick for offering free very good chips and very good salsa! Appreciated!
1	I am so upset about the experience I had once I left this place.  My stomach was destroyed for a full day almost immediately after I finished my meal here.I really liked the food and everything about this place.  Unfortunately, I will not be having their Mahi Mahi tacos ever again :(
3	I recently made a lunchtime expedition to Maverick Rock Taco with some coworkers after it was enthusiastically endorsed by another set of colleagues. Our visit got off to a bit of a rocky start in that I didn't realize that the parking on one side of the building is reserved for another business, despite the fact that the spaces are immediately adjacent to MRT. Fortunately, that was quickly resolved by moving to the other side of the lot, and in we went.The first thing I noticed upon entering is that they had quite a large space. The lunch crowd was fairly thin when we went, but I'd expect the volume serves them well on the weekends. For our purposes, though, the emptiness and size made it hard to hear the people just across the table. Don't go wanting to have a profound conversation unless you want to shout. This isn't a dealbreaker, but it is worth noting.On to service and food: Our waitress was... well, bless her heart. If you are from the South, you know what that means. If you aren't, I'll explain: she was as sweet as could be, but she was all over the place and wasn't at her mental peak. Sides were forgotten, drinks were misplaced, one of our party didn't get his entree with the rest of us because she forgot to bring it out. I can't be too cruel because she was indeed a sweetheart, so I'll repeat: bless her heart.The food was tasty. The menu is fairly extensive with lots of options, but I figured for my first visit, I'd stick to the basics. Thus I ordered chicken tacos, and while I found them perfectly edible, they did lack a bit of oomph. My coworkers who ordered more exotic fare, such as fried avocados or mahi mahi, seemed more excited about their meals. As others have mentioned, the salsa is good.I'll go back to Maverick Rock Taco for sure. Maybe they'll earn another star on a subsequent visit. For right now, the verdict is "Three stars: solid lunch spot."
4	The Mexican street food is outta bounds
3	So, some friends and I decided to stop in tonight & overall everything was ok...again. Our service was great, almost a little too much. Our waitress was at our table every second, somewhat too much. We enjoyed fajitas, steak tacos, and chicken tacos. The salsa and chips were good, but we got charged for a refill, really? And, two of us ordered a side of sour cream, for our fajitas, and were charged $1.50 for each. Ridiculous! I really wanted to give them a four, but right now I am just not ready, everything stick ok.
2	The good: unique, lively decorThe bad: so far, all of the food. Went for lunch Friday with a friend. The wings were over cooked and lacked flavor. My friend gave the soup and salad 2 thumbs down. In addition they make flour tortillas with a hint of corn, and the server claimed this was the authentic way. Never seen this in a South American restaurant operated by South Americans.  They make their chips the same way, and thus more closely resemble pita chips than tortilla chips.  No es bueno.Near-average for American-Mexican food but needs work.
4	Tacos were decent, kinda pricey. Good live music from Wicked Powers and cheap beers on Friday night had me in a great mood!
4	I go here once a week.  Staff have always been awesome.  Ive had mistakes happen (which is going to happen) and the service recovery has been excellent.  I always get a quesadilla with grilled chicken.  (it did suck when they started upcharging $1.50 just for grilling chicken) Otherwise, everyone is terrific and the food is right on.  Def give it a try if you haven't.  Oh! and in and out in under 30 minutes!
4	We've been here a few times and just now getting to the review. Each time we have been here it has been great.Pro: so far everything we have tried has been great.
4	One of the best taco places in Charlotte, with great food, outstanding margaritas, and a really cool atmosphere. Only downside is the parking. We usually come early (we have small kids), but plan to park someone else on Montford Dr. and walk if you're coming after 8 p.m. Another small complaint is having to pay (!) for chips and salsa, but the tab is still pretty reasonable compared to other taquerias. All in all, a great place for tacos and tequila!
3	I wasn't expecting a whole lot here. Food is okay. I got the avocado tacos with lettuce wraps instead of tortillas and they were nothing to write home about. Maybe a bit over filled, so they were hard to eat.Had a boring queso fundido skillet (vegetarian), and the cheese didn't even seem fully melted. Disappointing. Served with soft flour tortillas. Meh.The one highlight for me was the house margarita. Simple and delicious. I slurped up the whole thing.Ultimately, I can't say that you should come here, but if you do, prepare for an underwhelming experience.
3	I have visited Maverick Rock Taco for brunch, lunch, and dinner. I will start off by saying their food is awesome.  Very inventive tacos, good guac, and great margaritas.  So it's ashame when food is this good, that the service is so inconsistent.  When this place isn't busy, the service is fine.  Saturday night for dinner was not good however. They were about 75% full and had a few larger parties in the room we were sitting in... we were seated and waited at least 10 minutes before we were even acknowledged.  A waitress took our drink order (turns out she wasn't even our waitress) and then it was at least another 10 minutes before our actual waitress visited.  She brought us waters and took our dinner order.  A very unpleasant individual then brought us chips and salsa and didn't even acknowledge us when we thanked him.Our food came out in a timely manner so the kitchen was obviously well staffed and running well.  But still no margaritas... they arrived about 10 minutes into us eating our dinner... the waitress told us the bar was backed up... probably something to mention when taking drink orders, not delivering them 20-25 minutes after they were ordered.  We overheard other tables asking where their drinks were and one table asked how much longer it would be before they could get their check.  So it wasn't just us... I'm sure we'll go back since we like the food... but lunch time is probably better since they're not busy and can handle the lower volume of diners.
2	Vegetarians beware!  My boyfriend and I have been several times and are normally very happy with most.  I just left after one of the most unpleasant dining experiences I have ever had.  There aren't many veggie options on the menu, which is normally ok, since the avocado tacos I usually order are awesome.  Tonight, however, we decided to try something different, the cheese enchiladas.  The description labeled them vegetarian, and said they were served with rice, beans, and street corn.  We got the enchiladas and dug in.  When we took a close look at the rice and beans served under our enchiladas, we were surprised to discover a few pieces of chorizo mixed in.  We called over our server, who told us that the enchiladas were vegetarian, but the rice and beans weren't.  WHAT?!  You just can't label something vegetarian and serve it atop something meat-y.  So the server brought us a new dish and sent the manager over.  When we were talking to the manager, he said 'yea, we know, we have a new menu coming out soon'.  No offer to comp the meal, just acknowledging that they knew this was a problem and let it stay on the menu.  Needless to say, we won't be returning!
2	I came in here with 3 girlfriends to have dinner and drinks to catch up. After ordering several dinners, drinks, and appetizers our service drastically changed. We attempted to order several different bottles of wine, but because they were I'm between menus, they were out of everything we asked for. We then asked to buy a bottle of their fall wine from the manager, Alex. He completely ignored out request and didn't even bother to come back to our table for 30 minutes. He didn't apologize, just told us to Come back tomorrow night.  We have all been here at least 5 times and none of us will be making it back after tonight. The one positive was our waiter, G. He attempted to be helpful anywhere he could.
3	It really was a pretty nice place, and I would give it an extra half star if that were available.I think the beer is a little pricey, but they had a pretty good selection of tap beers.Food seems okay, some of it quite tasty, but nothing special that I would rave about.Service was good and Unlike what somebody else said, the chips and salsa were free for the first basket anyway and I think they were better than your average Mex. restaurant chips and salsa.
2	I used to love this place now I hate it. I went to dinner tonight (Tuesday) and the place was basically empty so should be fast. It was one of the worst service experiences I have ever had. I ordered a seasonal draft and was brought a two dollar light draft and our server was more than inattentive. So don't waste your time....
3	Man oh man, do I have a weakness for Mexican food. Stopped here to grab some grub with a friend the other day. I've been here several times, but this was my first lunch visit. Wanna cheap, tasty lunch during the week? This is the place to go.We both opted for the lunch menu. My buddy was intrigued by the Chili-Lime-Tequila wings and felt he had no choice but to order them. They were good... although it was odd to have wings and fries at a Mexican restaurant. I went with the two taco plate... one chicken, one pork. The chicken was okay. The pork was better. I liked the combination of the pineapple and fried onions on it. Both meals came with a drink. The damage: less than $16. Steal. One thing I don't like about this place: I'm a huge chips and salsa person. Keep bringing them out... I want to be stuffed before my food arrives. This isn't one of those places. First round is free. (And it goes quickly because of the portion size) After that, you pay for refills. Hmmpphhh (that is my pouting sound)As with every spot on Montford, parking here can be tricky. Lunchtime isn't a problem, but have some patience if you venture here on the weekends.
4	Awesome food. The nachos were very gourd and the chicken burrito with the waffle sweet potatoes were to die for. Definitely worth a return trip.
4	I was pleasantly surprised here when I came to lunch with my husband over the weekend. He had a chicken burrito and I had the 2 tacos with a side. The chips and salsa satisfied my dipping needs, the tacos and burrito were well seasoned, and the wait staff was informative for my 20 questions game I like to play and they played along well. If someone was in the mood for a little Mexican, this is a stop we would recommend.
3	If I could give this another half star, I would, but unfortunately some of the service issues made this only warrant three stars. A girlfriend who was in town visiting and I decided to go here because it was within walking distance and we were in the mood for some margaritas. Got seated right away, and the waiter got us waters and (eventually) took our drink order. The first margarita came out (hers), but we waited another fifteen minutes for the second (mine). I had the beer-Rita which was terrible, tasted like ice with beer and absolutely no other ingredients (tequila anyone?)We ordered the special of the coconut shrimp tacos, which were fantastic. I'm sad it was only a special because I would come back just for those. The mexican street corn was great too. The food comes out fast which was a plus (and surprising!) due to the waiters slowness. After we ate and drank our margs, we were going to order another round of drinks but it took our waiter about twenty minutes to come back to our table, so by then we decided to try another place on Montford. Good food, crappy wait staff!
4	Maybe the best $20 lunch I've ever had. For $8 you can pick any two tacos with a side and a drink. My husband and I met for lunch and really enjoyed our meal! I had the Korean Pork and Jalapeno Mahi Mahi. Would definitely order both again. And while the Mexican street corn IS tasty - I don't need that kind of mess... especially since I don't typically travel with dental floss. That being said lunch was delish, and such a great value! I could have done without the blaring music though - and service was a touch slow given we were having lunch early - at 11am - and we were the only people in there! I will definitely be going again soon!
3	We liked this place... mostly because it was half priced fajitas night (Tuesdays)... I think if we had paid full price, this might not be a three star review.The fajitas were really tasty, but not earth shattering. What WAS awesome was the roasted corn with their southwest chipotle dressing on it. I may have to eat corn on the cob that way at home! The cilantro rice was interesting and tasty too. Beans... not so much.Someone mentioned below about the salsa and chips not being free after the first serving.. I have to agree that is a serious bad mark against the restaurant. Their salsa is one of the best I've had. I wanted more of it.. but no way was I going to pay for it. That's just crap. It costs them next to nothing for chips and salsa. Don't be so cheap with it.My wife said the guacamole was very good.. I don't eat it so you have to take her word for it.In summary, go there on Tuesday nights for half price fajitas. It's well worth it just for that.
3	Now I eat a lot of Mexican food, pretty much everyday I have something in tortilla form, so my standards are a little skewed. First off the decor is very nice, tex mex cantina vibe, and they also have garage doors that they can open in warmer weather which is a plus. The dining areas are divided in two, which is  kind of a  bummer but hey thats just the way the building is laid out. When I was there the service was good, nothing over the top but hey we got our food. Chips and salsa were good, but it is a bummer that after the first round you have to pay. My guessing is since Montford is a happening bar area on the weekends they don't want a bunch of drunks coming in and ordering one beer and cleaning them out on their chips and salsa, again only my guess, but they should make some clause like unlimited chips with entree purchase or something. I got the chicken burrito, which was good, nothing to write home about but good. The cilantro fries though were really good, highly recommended. They have quite a few specials thorough out the week that are a good deal as well. Overall I would come back, but I'll take my time getting there.
2	Decided to meet some friends here for lunch. Being the fashionably late person I am, showed up around 4:30. Which lets me check out all the cool decor, except the freaky bathrooms. Felt like I walked straight into a club decked out with neons and blacklights while peeing. Just a bit weird since it doesn't match with anything else they got going on at all.The service is very friendly. I liked her recommendations and thought they were sensible. Had a salad for lunch. It was fruit. With wine. Okay it was a Sangria, I'm on a liquid diet okay? Why did I choose this? Because I could not in good conscience pay $3-4 for a mini taco.Sorry Maverick I did taste my friend's orders though and was not super thrilled by the flavors. I can get a better taco from one of the Latino food trucks on the side of South Blvd. Serious.
2	So i get the whole Street Taco concept and I am a fan but this is not the place to experience it . The food was just okay but I ordered The Southern Peach and let's just say Great... however the service was not so great so that might hinder me returning.
4	We have been here several times and love the food.  Especially the tacos and quesadillas.  Our favorite bartenders are Ciara and Sam.  We always get great service and would highly recommend this place to everyone.
5	We love this place! The bartenders are the best and the Mexican pizzas are great! Ciara and Sam are so attentive and make awesome drinks. We always feel like we are VIPs when we come here and plan to return again many times.
3	One thing will definitely steal the show of my review: when we were at Maverick, the guy sitting at the table next to us tried the 5 lb. burrito challenge. We basically couldn't focus on anything else. It was HUGE and just thinking back on it makes me a little queasy. Props to that man, though. He won and got a t-shirt (you only get a t-shirt and a little name recognition? Ouch). Anyway, the food was perfectly fine. We enjoyed watching football on the multiple tvs and the atmosphere was spot on. Maybe it was the shoes I was wearing, but damn. Those floors are slippery. Be careful on your way to the bathroom, especially if you've had a margarita or two.
5	Best Mexican in Charlotte. Great service. Great food. Buffalo shrimp tacos are heavenly and I can't go without getting one! HIGHLY recommend!
5	Quite possibly my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Obviously, I'm not impressed by expensive menu type places. Give me substance. That's what Maverick does. I really only ever get street tacos because they have more than a dozen types to choose from from your normal chicken to the exotic. If you don't get the street corn as a side, you're doing yourself a disservice. I actually called and got two orders of street corn for take out by itself one night.  Disclaimer: don't get it if you're on a first date. You WILL get the sauce all over your face.  Great little bar area which has roll up doors for spring/fall fresh air.  Plenty of TVs for games. Nice little outdoor patio too.
4	I've been to MRT multiple times.  The first to check out for a new potential lunch spot and after approval, I brought a client there for lunch again.  The food, staff and atmosphere were great all times. Great addition to Montford in my mind.  I'll keep going back.
3	I want to like this place. I've given it more than a handful of opportunities. I don't feel like it deserves two stars, but I think three stars is pretty generous. (the food saves it from being two stars) Why you ask? There are serious service issues here.Been here about a half dozen times now. The service has never been great. My latest experience had me at one point saying, "Am I in an episode of Punk'd right now?"Joined a couple friends for dinner. Waited. Waited. And waited (wait/waited will be a key word in this review. Don't take a drink every time you see it... you may die) for the server to come by. After about 15 minutes here she comes. Would you like something to drink? Yes, do you have a jalapeno margarita? No, we don't. Okay, could I please have a menu to look at the cocktails. Wait. Wait. Here comes the menus. One of the first things on the list: a jalapeno margarita. Wait. Wait. Okay, drinks are ordered.I would like to point out... it was not busy at all. Among the other highlights: we ordered waters with our food. Food came out 15 minutes before the waters did. No, I'm not making that up. We finally got silverware when we were finishing up our food. Yes, that happened. One person asked for a refill of water. She came back and filled up another person's water... but no one else at the table... including the person who asked for it. I could go on and on about the entire night. We would've had more drinks if she bothered to check on us... or if when she did check on us she asked everyone if they need anything rather than just one person and walking away.I don't know if this server was having a bad night. Although, she didn't even bat an eye when I ordered the jalapeno margarita. Remember? She said they don't have one.MRT: please get it together. This place used to be packed all the time. Last night, it was super slow. Is this why? Or was it because it's cold.
5	This is my favorite taco spot in all of Charlotte! Since moving here, I have been on a quest to find amazing tacos, and rock taco hits the spot. I've been here numerous occasions and have never been disappointed. Some personal favorites are the Korean BBQ taco, tequila shrimp, chicken tinga, short rib and mahi mahi taco. I'm big on fish tacos and all their fish is fresh and not greasy after it's fried. Their spicy cilantro fries are delish, and the Mexican street corn is always a winner! Overall, it's a great little taco spot in Montfort that I can't recommend enough!
4	I have to admit, when Montford Drive was getting trendy, I was becoming less and less interested.  Mostly because of the pain it was to get over there and then the extra pain it was to find parking etc.  I must be getting older, but just having to deal with that doesn't really strike my fancy, but I digress.Came here in a whim (mostly because Sir Edmond Halley's didn't open until 5pm on Sundays).  But no expectations and a hungry stomach.  I was pleasantly surprised.The place was not crowded at all since it was 3pm on a Sunday.  There were some folks enjoying the weather on the nice patio they have here (fake turf and colorful lawn chairs made it look like those folks were having a grand time).We were seated right away, and I could tell our hostess/server was the only one working (luckily we weren't in a terrible rush).  I got $5 bloody mary drink special and waited for our friend to arrive.  Chips and salsa were brought out right away so we had plenty to much on.  After our friend arrived, we tried to put in our order, but our server was so busy at this point.  There was a good little while before she came back to our table.  The manager came by and we asked to put our order in and she sent someone else (food runner) to take our order while  our server caught up.  No biggie.I had the Jalapeno Mahi Mahi tacos and cilantro lime fries.  I was starving by the time the food came so I inhaled it in 30seconds... It was pretty tasty and satisfying.  I'll definitely come back to try the other tacos on the menu - they looked pretty interesting.
4	I decided to check out this new spot and will definitely add it to my list of favorites! I love the decor it has a very much retro rock feel. The service was great and the food was fantastic. I ordered the fried avocado taco with the infamous corn as a side and boy was I in for a treat!!! The prices are reasonable and it's a laid back type of restaurant. Check it out if you haven't!!!!
5	I've been here twice now and love it. Great food, great atmosphere and great service. Can't ask for more than that.
4	Just a good place to have a unique taco and beer
5	Great food!! Great bar!!!  Friendly wait staff and bartenders. Love the ambiance I recommend you try everything on the menu. I my favorite is the three cheese quesadilla.
4	What really caught my eye about this place was the Mexican street food they offer. Their street corn is fabulous and highly recommend it as a side. The tacos are very good but not the best I've had.Overall the atmosphere is pleasant and the staff is very friendly.
4	Great variety of very fun tacos (broader selection than Paco's, and at least as tasty).  Street corn was great.  Mahi mahi was plainer tasting than I expected, though everything else on the plate picked up the slack for it.  Went early on a Monday so not fair to judge its atmosphere.  Server was very upbeat and friendly ... was heading for a very strong tip until she inexplicably disappeared for a verrrry long time when we had obviously finished up.  Bizarre.  We will give it another try, to be sure.  Very yummy!  Holds up its end of the family name very well.
2	Not great. There are much nicer Mexican restaurants near by with much more efficient staff.
5	We have been here three times and have always left happy. Great place for cinco de mayo. The food is excellent everything we have had has been very good.
5	I'm so glad my girlfriend and I went here. The food was fresh and the service was fantastic. The chips and salsa are the best I have ever had. You can tell they use fresh ingredients. I ordered the burritos, so good!
5	Great food, very different from normal cheap Mexican. Was place for upgraded foods, could taste everything was fresh and not out of a can. Like the different ingredients like mango used. Loved the posters in the bathroom. Reminded me of CBGB's back in NYC old school... ;)
2	Mixed bag.Habanero poppers were excellent if you don't mind a bit of heat.  My  mixed fish tacos were really tasty.   Mrs. S's "Mexican Caesar Salad" was absolute crap.  Just kind of barely there.Stopped in the gent's room.... mistake.  I noted upon entry that another male occupied the restroom.  I vaguely made out is shadow and I called out a cheery "hello in there".   Message the Rock Taco management if you are checking reviews:  It is never under any circumstances appropriate to light your gent's rooms with 70s era blacklights.  No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.   Not cool dudes,  not cool.
5	I'm so glad my girlfriend and I went here. The food was fresh and the service was fantastic. The chips and salsa are the best I have ever had. You can tell they use fresh ingredients. I ordered the burritos, so good!
4	Great staff, new menu items delicious. Love the margaritas, all made with fresh lime juice. House margarita is outstanding. Outdoors seating limited yet fun with the colorful chairs, umbrellas etc...
3	Friday night was my 1st trip here. I'll be honest, it didn't start out well. There were open tables all over the restaurant and multiple groups standing at the door and the hostesses were not exactly in a hurry to get anyone sat. They kept walking back and forth from the host stand not really doing anything. If there ever was a reason to use words like "mosey" or "aloof", these girls would be it. The wait staff was super nice so that kind of made up for it. The food was very good and they weren't stingy with my margarita, although my friend ordered a beer and the glass wasn't filled to the top. Long and short, The food was worth giving it a second chance on a week night.
3	Great place to watch games inside or outside. Tacos are ok. Chips and salsa ok. Service was great. Hard to find a Mexican place with food that can beat cantina 1511
3	Only gave 3 stars because of the past service and food quality. Last couple of times I've been here it's been weak drinks and slow service. And food only... Meh. It used to be good drinks, great service, & food you tell your friends about. If not for my past experiences it'd have been 2 of even 1 star.
5	Have eaten here three times since discovering two months ago. The two dine ins were great. My take out lacked but what can you expect having left it in the fridge over night. Loved the corn on the cob. Off the cob not so much ( but see "fridge") to understand why.Tacos were excellent and loved the creativity in their variety.Wait staff were knowledgable and at tentative w/o hovering. Decor was fun Tex/Mex but could use some sprucing. Great fun and value for the money.Will definitely come back.
4	It's me and my girlfriend's new favorite spot. She's from Texas and loved the Mexican cuisine while I love beer and those buffalo shrimp street tacos rule me. The only reasons I mark it 4 outta five is:-i will never like TVs in a bar. I understand there purpose but I don't care for sports and they are incredibly distracting. -The street corn should, in my humble opinion, be grilled. It was way too watery when I bit into it.
3	Beans and rice could be their own food group for me I love them so. I came with a big group, but it seems like my experience echoed many of previous reviewers. The food was pretty banging. The service not so much. Sorry dude, you did you best but who assigns one waiter to a group of 15 or so when the restaurant isn't even 1/3 full? We ran the poor guy ragged. All the food I tasted was pretty dang good but without the service matching up it is a tough sell. I will return maybe on a Wed. for their 3,2,1 specials for margaritas and chicken tacos. Highlights: the drinks claim to be made for local ingredients and herbs. Well, these may be some of the best in Charlotte. I tried the signature margarita and the Texas mule. I could come here just to sit at the bar and bunch on their well-balanced salsa.My tacos were filling and chock full of flavor. Lots of unique combination and gluten-free/veggie options. You can get any taco as a lettuce wrap.Lowlights: Limited parking, their neighbors tow so try for their lot or street parking and the service.
4	The overall atmosphere is awesome! It's a very fun place to be. The food and food selection was very good, along with reasonable prices. The only area that could use improvement is the service. I went during a very slow night and our waiter often disappeared for long periods of time. Another waiter served our meals and it was 20 minutes until our original server came back to check in. I will return to this location but I hope the service is more memorable.
4	My friend recommended this place and I couldn't thank her enough. Good drinks and good tacos. We ate outside and got to choose where we sat. It was the perfect time in spring to be out there. Great waiter with fast service. Very accommodating to my substitutions. Awesome. I need to go back.
2	Chips stale... Bad start.Green rice and beans with the combo plates flavorless and bland. Pulled pork tacos terrible tasting.Will never return to this overpriced, under flavored, faux Tex-mex restaurant.
4	This place is pretty great. There salsa is made in house and even the margaritas on special are fresh squeezed. They are reasonably priced and have come up with some awesome flavor combinations. I had there chicken tacos, pork tacos and there fried avocado taco. The first two are perfect but the fried avocado is a little bland.  Over all they have great service as well. I would definitely recommend them, especially on their Wednesday night special.
3	Have passed by this place in Montford so many times. So, on Saturday my husband and I decided to give it a try for lunch.Pretty dead for a Saturday lunch, so we were seated immediately. My husband ordered the beer special for the day and I got the Jalapeno Marg. The jalapeno margarita was delish! They put lots of peppers in there so be ware of those last few sips cause they are hot!We ordered the guacamole as an appetizer and decided to split a taco plate (we got the chorizo taco and the korean pork with sweet potato fries as the side). They bring out a plate of chips and salsa before the meal....the salsa was perfect for me and not too spicy. Loved it! As for the guac, it was good but definitely not $7 worth since the portion size was incredible small. I definitely dont mind paying a bit more for good guac since avocados are fairly expensive. However, this was such a small baby bowl for that price. If we return, we won't be ordering that again. As for the tacos, the chorizo taco was fairly bland but the korean pork was awesome! The sweet potato fries with dip (not sure what it was....ranch maybe?) were a hit as well! Overall the food was pretty good.Just two notes I had about the place that make this review a 3 star:-Service: The place was dead, yet service was really off. The people beside us ordered after us by about 5 minutes and got their food a good bit before us (even though they got two plates of tacos and we only got one). It seemed like the servers always hit the two tables around us and never came to ours for drinks/refills. Not a huge deal but when it isn't crowded, these things are more noticable. -Plating: So the server brought out our tacos (and an additional plate, which was nice). However, there was a quarter size piece of fat just sitting on the edge of the plate. It was extremely gross looking. There is zero way that the server or chef didnt notice this cause it was fairly large. It kind of turned me off from the food at first. Fortunately, the korean pork taco helped rectify that some!Overall, we may return if we are in the area but I am not sure that this is the first place I will think of when I am craving some Tex-Mex type food.
4	Came in on a Wednesday night with 2 girlfriends and loved it. Quick service, dank food and good value.$1 Tecate -yesssI had the Tequila Shrimp Taco and Mexican Street corn as a side (was too full of beer and chips to eat the chicken tinga)... Definitely a casual spot I would frequent to get my street taco fix. Want to try the pineapple guac next time :p
4	Visited late afternoon on Friday and was greeted promptly by the bartender.   I ordered the Baquero Cowboy platter.  The rice and beans side was excellent as were the three tacos (I liked the carnitas taco the best and the skirt steak taco the least).  My wife ordered the Korean taco (yummy) and the Roasted Beets taco (just ok).We had great service, loved the music,  the food was presented well and was plentiful; however,  we both thought the food could be amped up a notch in flavor.   Maybe I was expecting more heat.   We also thought the $8 for house chardonnay was a little steep since the pours were small.  Overall,  a solid 4 stars drifting towards a 5.FYI:  Maverick Rock Taco is part of the Xenia Hospitality Group with other Charlotte restaurants, such as Nolen Kitchen, Big View, and Ilios Noche.
5	OUT OF THIS WORLD GOOD!!So many options - So many Tacos!! And you can order all different kinds - as in singles - plus they are so little ordering 2 or 3 encouraged : )The cilantro french fries are the best in town. The Mexican corn is good too, but spicy.Best Tip about this place: They have outdoor seating, they have roll-up garage style windows if it's nice out. *Side note, be sure to check out the bathrooms.
4	I am going to make this simple. Flauta's, Blood Orange Margarita, Fried Avocado taco's. I can not have a combo like that anywhere else in Charlotte! For that reason alone I digress, this is my most simply stated review as of yet.
4	I came here with a large group and loved how accommodating they were! We were split between two tables but we were able to hop around and speak to each other. The frozen margarita was super sweet but I enjoyed the smooth texture and the flavor. The fajitas were also good but definitely not the best I've had (hence the four stars)The restaurant is close to Park Lanes bowling lanes so we ate and then walked over. I loved the decor and heard the tacos were amazing. The sangria was SO GOOD.
5	First off, this place, from the outside looks like a total hole in the wall. But don't let that fool you, it totally is. The staff there though, is amazing. Short staffed and crowded they managed to fit- and serve - 25 people at the drop of a hat. We made the reservation just a couple hours before and were at the restaurant for no more than an hour and a half. Which is amazing for a party that size.I had the steak burrito which was amazing. It gave chipotle a run for their money in my book. My girlfriend had the Grigo Beef Tacos and said they were really good as well: "beef tacos can be really bland sometimes and it can be difficult to spruce them up. This place did a great job at doing just that." Another person at the table had the pancake taco which was "different, but good".The atmosphere was very nice. Laid back, loud and just generally fun; following the rock history, tex-mex decor. The walls are (spray?) painted with various rock musicians from Ozzy to Bob Marley.
1	Where do I start... After we were seated, it was a toss up who would be our server... They were not that busy. It took almost 10 mins to get our drinks. I was excited to try their Bloody Mary after the description I was given. Should've had a beer. It tasted like ZingZang & thats all. Average at best. After 2 different servers - we got to order. The apps were good - queso & flautas. I then got the buffalo shrimp taco & Chicken pancake combo. Chicken was great! Fried chicken with corn flakes...yum. The street corn was good as well. The shrimp was undercooked. The pancake was poorly executed.... Like the idea though.... I think actual street vendors would've been better today. Maverick fell short of my expectations....
3	I was really excited to try this place but was a little disappointed. The service was kinda slow but the waiter was nice as could be. Tacos had a good flavor but weren't served very hot. Same for the street corn it had great flavor and a unique sauce but was kind of cold when I got it. Salsa was delicious and on the mild side.
5	Love Maverick Rock Taco! This place is a hip trendy atmosphere with a rock n' roll twist. Say hello to street tacos done an American way. The parking is a little cramped for my style, but once you enter this restaurant you will forget all about the parking. My favorite tacos are the Carribean Chicken tacos. Definitely try the green rice & mango slaw. Two of my favorite side dishes. Top your food off with an ice cold beer or a margarita. My boyfriend & I at least come here once a week. We love the food because we never feel that Mexican baby belly once we live! Great place for kids, parties, or to just socialize with friends. They also have t.v.s hanging up so those sports fanatics can watch the game! Afterwards go bar hop down Montford!
4	Their fish tacos are to die for.... so good. Wednesdays has $3 margs and $2 chicken tacos (i believe) which is such a great deal. Not authentic mexican per say, but good in it's own right.
3	First, let me say that if I had the option I would give this 3.5 stars...but I don't have that option and I'm not giving it 4 stars. The tacos are good here, but I feel like they are a little expensive. 2 tacos ran me $8 and that doesn't include any sides. Granted, the tacos are good-sized, but just not worth that much. The service was good, but not great.
4	Enjoyed my tacos. Chips were good. Roja salsa was good.A little quiet when we arrived, we were the only occupied table in the dining area. I probably should have moved to the bar area that seemed a bit busier, but what the heck.$3 draft Dos Equis Amber went down nicely while we chomped on chips (and GREAT "Roja" salsa) and reviewed the menu.My daughter opted for the gringo Mexican pizza but I'm sad to say that she didn't particularly enjoy it. It's huge but it just wasn't great. She only ate about a quarter of it.On the other side of the table, I opted for tacos. I mean, it's in THE NAME. So I got a plate of two tacos. Number one that was the Jamaican chicken. Excellent with some spicy jerk chicken and sweet fried plaintains on there. Yum! And the number two was the Chickpea Felafel. Absolutely excellent with cucumbers and pickled oions and Greek yogurt. Both were very tasty and delish. For my side, I chose the "Spicy cilantro lime fries." Tasty but not really all that spicy but the cilantro was sprinkled on top and the lime squeezed in there too. I definitely made out better here.Several televisions tuned into the sporting events of the moment. Service was decent, even if we were the only folks at a table in the back area. Food took a bit, but fresh food cooked to order is gonna do that. No complaints.Good vibe, good food, good service. It's good. I'm a fan!
5	Great Mexican food and good prices. The food was excellent and the drink specials were awesome! Highly recommend this place!  We split the fajitas and has the local beers- all was excellent. Fun friendly staff!
4	Great food. The price is a little high for they type of food but a good meal
4	Pleasantly surprised. The service* is good and friendly. The *ambience is what it is. The food was good enough to get me to go back. I tried the tacos, and why not? I order four from the menu and the special. One pork, one steak, one calamari, one tune, and the special of fried tilapia. The fried calamari was terrific. I'd go back just for that. My second favorite was the Tuna- which the bartender said they were taking off the menu. Too bad because its awesome. Served in a similar way to authentic Mexican tacos- queso fresco, radish, cilantro and a hint of wasabi I believe. The fried tilapia was good. It's hard to mess it up, but they didn't. They pork taco was ok. It came with a pineapple or mango(maybe both) pico which overpowered the pork. I picked some off to taste the pork. The steak was the lackluster of my order. The steak itself had very little flavor and the chimichurri was meh. I went to give the place a try, and will go back. I don't expect every dish on a menu to suit my taste so I can live with four of five being good. Three were very good. All around I enjoyed it. *My note about service and ambience. I don't care to be entertained or bothered. While I wouldn't call the service at Maverick's over the top, it was slightly annoying. I'm just there for the food. If its good I'll be back, and it was. Of course I don't expect a server or bartender to know my expectations so I won't make a big deal out of it. It is better to have a server who is too friendly and attentive than slack.
3	Stopped in here on a Friday night and was surprised to see that it wasn't that busy.  Our party of 4 was seated right away.We started with some beers, chips and salsa, and some queso and chorizo dip.  All were good but pretty standard for a tex-mex restaurant.I got two tacos (Carnitas and Chorizo) and the street corn that people have raved about.Carnitas - I enjoyed the fruit elements (pineapple and mango).  They paired well with the pulled pork.  The crispy onions were an interesting topping.  While I enjoyed them, I'm not sure what they added to the taco.Chorizo - Nothing not to like here.  This felt very traditional and was delicious.Street Corn - Honestly, I didn't love it.  Cheese and sour cream on corn.  I was wanting the crema to have more flavor.  Garlic, salt, some chili perhaps.  Naturally, I ate it all so it wasn't terrible.Our server took really good care of us and was patient as we took forever to look over the menu.  The restaurant has a funky vibe inside and is basically split with the bar on one side, the kitchen in the middle, and restaurant seating on the other side.
2	I used to love this place! The vibe was cool and the bartenders were all so nice. Greeted you by name, made you feel welcome. Not anymore. I guess it is because they've had so much turnover here. Faces change regularly here! Anyways.....I'm in here right now and here has been my experience: I walked through the front door to the hostess with her head down on her cellphone. The bartender (guy) had been checking his phone regularly! Waitresses have come behind the bar to check their phones! I realize it isn't super busy but there is nothing worse than a disinterested staff! Cellphones mean disinterested! If I ever ran a restaurant, my staff would NEVER be allowed to be checking their phones in front of customers! Ever! What a terrible impression. Lastly, I have eaten here regularly. Food is pretty good! I started with some queso first! I feel like it was cheese from a can warmed up and served! Very bland and nothing special! They should take a lead from Bakersfield! They have the best queso in Charlotte! The tacos are very good and innovative/creative! I haven't been here in a while and tonites cellphone staff just make me believe I should go elsewhere!
