1	The US Post Office has so overly complicated mail and shipping that they are driving themselves out of business with virtually no competitor in the market that can do what they do by hitting every single doorstep 6 days a week.This particular location is as ingrained in the "Post Office Mentality" that they actually seem to contrive new ways to inconvenience you.If I could boycott the post office - The Whole Damn United States Post Office - I would.  Ben Franklin must be ROLLING in his grave to see what his beautifully simple creation has morphed into.
1	I entered the post office around noon and there was a long line already. So , I waited and soon found out that there was no ac or maybe it was on low.  Anyway, I was sweating as it took me 25 minutes to get to my turn.  The workers were super slow . I will not use this place again.
1	Given the option of being punched in the face and waiting in line at the Post Office I'd probably wait in line at the post office.....but this particular location would make me give it a second thought.  Inconveniently located, slow as hell, and ALWAYS full of people sending 20+ small packages to some random place overseas.
2	Just about the most unfriendly government employees next to the MVD. I totally agree with Greg on the inconvenience issue. I had a return package to China and was told one thing and when I returned, a different lady told me something entirely different.
3	Living in cave creek means its a drive to pretty much anywhere.I like this postal location because its on my way to or from the 101 & home. It's easy to stop in on the way home or to work.I can't give much of a rating for the clerks because 99% of the time I use the automated system in the lobby.I'm sad the prices of things are going up but I guess its supposed to help the usps stay afloat.
1	I actually heard an employee say: "I get paid hourly, I don't need to work any faster" I waited in line for 15 minutes to pick up a new mailbox key. Which they charged us $40 for. I can't wait until the USPS shuts down completely.
2	I do not appreciate rude employees and bad customer service, but at least I get to let it out on YELP!!I have been "told off" for bringing in international packages.  Twice now, the cashier has yelled out to everyone in the line waiting behind me that because I brought in some packages that need to be sent off overseas, they all have to wait longer!  Wait, what?  I thought I was paying you for a service.Most of the employees here are extremely slow at entering information.  Twice in the middle of a transaction their computers have shut down....and they had to re-enter EVERYTHING all over again.  Oh and once their Credit Card machine failed at the end of a transaction...all they could do was ask me to pay cash for it.  Yes, the air conditioning system seemed not to be working a few times during the summer, which makes standing in line for 30-40 minutes unbearable.  I will say it is convenient because it is right off the 101 and Cave Creek.  They do have a couple really nice and competent employees too, but that is about it.
3	I like this location. It's north central just off the 101 and Cave Creek Rd. It's easy to get in and out, and except for Christmas, it isn't ever busy.Service is about typical. Lines tend to move slow.
1	Absolutely terrible customer service. By far the WORST I've ever experienced at any post office. Rude employees. When I called they seemed angry at me for doing so. I am forced to deal with them because they supply mail to my area and route. Word to the wise use FedEx or another carrier. Maybe this review will be a wake up call to these wonderful government workers.
