1	They smell of scam.I took in my vehicle just to get shocks done, they call me on the phone and tell me to sit down. They then proceeded to tell me that I needed $2500 worth of work (basically replacing my front end) and that they could do financing. I decline and just get the shocks done. I go to pick up my vehicle, and they give me a quote for the services they recommend I get after the shocks, it totaled up to $862. Now, my shocks job cost $462, so $462 + 862 = $1024, NOT $2500. I wonder why the story changed? Anyways, I pick up my vehicle, and the guy at the front desk said I only really need bushings for my suspension.Amazing how the story changed THREE TIMES.Beware with these guys. Not everyone there is up front and honest, and they will look for a sucker.
5	After moving to Arizona to accept a job offer, I had to find a new place to service my vehicles. I have been very pleased with the professionalism, speed of service, and quality of workmanship from this crew!I know what I want and need done to my cars. I put a lot if miles on my vehicles and am never pressured to get something I don't need. I purchased a replacement drain plug for one if my vehicles and they installed it at the time of a LOF. Great guys in this shop. If you want honest people to work on your car, this is the crew. I don't trust any other shop in town to service my Dodge Durango and Subaru Outback sedan!Thanks guys and I'll see you in 5,000 miles!
5	Another satisfied appointment today with Brake Masters. Alignment and oil change on my wife's car. Quick service. No pressure to buy extra things. Dropped the car off and came back just before closing to pick it up. Mentioned their online pricing and was granted those prices without coupons in hand. Great work guys. Thanks for all you do to keep drivers and vehicles safe here in the CG area!
5	We use Brake Masters for our Desert Sun Trucks and Vans for Brake purposes and we have been very satisfied. Our trucks are key to our business and we need to have them up and going quickly. Brake Masters usually gets the job done that same day we bring it in. Thanks guys!
4	I love their service. They are always working to help you get the best deal for the work you need. They do not try to over sale you on repairs you don't need. Thank you guys.
