3	Peking Express has been a place near my work that I'e known about for years but never patronized.  Today was the day that changed.  This small Chinese restaurant is located in a lower income neighborhood in a strip mall that doesn't have a lot of traffic.  The inside decor featured several articles and awards that aren't from sources that I am familiar with, and otherwise had a somewhat cafeteria feel to it.  Although the lunch specials were in the $5-6 range, I had the Country Pork ($7.50 with rice), and the Crab Rangoon ($4.99).  The Country Pork had it's own little picture taken on the counter so I thought that maybe the chef was proud of this particular dish. The Country Pork wasn't bad. It was a stir fried dish with onions and bell peppers.  The pork was a tad tough and gristly, but not offensively so.  The herbs used were the same that you get in some authentic Mexican restaurants, along with some spicy Chinese flavor.  It was fairly unique and really not bad at all!  The portion was huge and could easily be shared with two people.  The Crab Rangoon wasn't bad.  They came with a generic store bought sweet and sour sauce.  Nothing to write home about.Overall this place isn't bad for the neighborhood if you are looking for Chinese.  However, I probably won't be ditching the little Thai restaurant across the street for this place. ;)
5	They cook the best Chinese food in Las Vegas, everythings there are freshly hand-made. They are there for 30 years for reasons.!!
5	The best of the Best..everything made deliciously! Of course by award winning Chef. Amazing..I have been dining here for about 7-8 years and it just gets better and better!  The rice to me is the key to great Chinese Cuisine. The closest to Miami Chinese food as you can get!  Wow..I do wish they served Honey Garlic Chicken in Vegas though..can't find that anywhere here at all?
1	This place sucks really bad. It's in the ghetto and has a cafeteria feel the place and the food. It's dingy I would not recommend this place at all.
1	I'm sorry for being so blunt but this place is subpar. There's nothing especial about this food and it lacks taste and everything else. I ate it only because my friend paid for it but I didn't even finish my food.
