5	One of the more qualified, professional, and therapeutic massages around. I consider myself unlucky to be so far away but I make it a point to spend my 90 minutes whenever I'm in town.  Simply put, fantastic.
5	I've had quite a few massages in my time so I would consider myself a pretty good judge when it comes to assessing the skills of a trained masseuse.  After having a few treatments I would rank Tara up there with the best of them, no questions asked.  While she does possess great strength she uses it gracefully, applying pressure where it needs it.  I personally prefer a deeper, more throughout type massage and for that style Tara has always performed well.I would highly recommend Tara, you won't be disappointed!
5	Tara's knowledge of functional anatomy along with her skill set of multidimensional modalities puts her among an elite group of bodyworkers.  With her nurturing approach she always leaves me walking away in a state of bliss and awareness, unlocking places I didn't realize needed attention.
5	I love everything that Linger Longer has to offer! The massage I receive is absolutely as GOOD AS IT GETS! I have been receiving professional massages since I was very young & Tara is beyond gifted! She is my favorite! Every time I receive a massage from Tara I feel like I am reborn on a soul level. She is very intuitive & does my body wonders! Just recently I started integrating private yoga into my life & it has opened up a whole new world of healing & growth on every level! I highly recommend booking a massage right away!
5	Tara is amazing. She really tailored my massage for my marathon training. I like to visit Tara after my long runs for a 90 minute massage. She really knows how to work with tight hamstrings and I.T. bands. I also bought massage gift certificate for my mom for Christmas and she said it was the best massage she ever had and that Tara is an amazing healer. I strongly recommend linger longer and Tara if you want the best massage of your life.
