1	I had two vehicles repaired here. I had issues with both. We had our service van in and it took over 3 months to fix. After it was ready... the van had damage that wasn't there when we took it ! I had to prove to Midway based on pictures that they caused the damage. They finally agreed to fix it. Secondly my personal car had the bumper replaced and painted. 6 months later I get backed into and the paint cracks and chips off. Obvisouly I knew that damage came from someone backing into me. However I took it for repair at another shop and they told me the paint should not be cracking like that. That they did not prep the bumper correctly. I had to replace the bumper again. With both of these issues the service was awful and I will never go back. I worked with Larry Davis. He was all smiles until I had issues. After that he wouldn't even come out of his office.
4	Mike Dillman is the absolute best appraiser ever.  He is customer focused and explains the repairs.  ABSOLUTE LOVE this place beaciuse of him.
3	Not exactly thrilled about being "the duchess." Technically, I can't say "I've experienced better" because this is the extent of my experience with body shops, but I can't help but imagine better is out there. I've had my poor car worked on twice here. The first time, some old dude drove into the side of my car. It was fairly painless and I don't recall exactly how long it took but it was nice that the rental return was next door making a one-stop-shop for closing out the whole ordeal!This second time, I will say the turnaround time was good. But, there were issues with the pick up. Apparently, the car is "difficult to burp" so the red temperature light remained on as I drove away after my first attempt. An hour and a half inconvenienced since I had already returned the rental before this problem became evident and I had to re-rent the car... it's hard not to be skeptical after an experience like that.It's not a fun time, knowing you have costly repairs taking place, that your car is no longer "original."  I can't discern how much of my lack of enthusiasm is for the collision center's workmanship and how much is just because the kind of scenario that causes you to have to come here is generally a bummer all around... Rounding up, for this reason.They are State Farm approved.
2	We used midway because statefarm suggested them because one of their customers hit our car. We are very happy with the repairs. You can't tell there was ever any damage.  The length of the process was a tad ridiculous considering how little damage the car actually had. It took 3 weeks and each week we were told "it will be ready by the end of next week". We are not happy with the statefarm rep we had to deal with there because he basically flat out lied to us more than once. The 2nd time he called to tell us the car would be done "end of next week"  he said the rim & axle was a few days out. Then the following week he calls again to tell us he can't find the rim we had and have to pick a different one. If he would have told us that the week prior, it wouldn't hae been as annoying. We were given 3 options with horrible pictures to choose from. So in the email to tell him which rim we decided with, we stated we wanted to keep the old rims (3 were perfect conditions and we can get them online still). We go to pick up the car, we ask the girls at the front if the rims will be in the car. She said if we told Mike we wanted to keep them then yes. Mike pulls the car up and we asked him. He said he had no idea we wanted to keep them and we never told him. (like I said, it was the same email we sent saying which rim we wanted). He said the guys already threw them out. But then in the same conversation said the guy he got our new rims for wanted them to salvage. Then tried to play it off like we got this awesome deal. We weren't paying a dime because it wasn't our fault in the accident. Overall, after 3 long weeks and 2 rental cars, we got our car back and probably won't be dealing with midway ever again.
