5	I have used 1-800 Flowers and other online Florists.  I never knew what quality flowers were until I met Terri at Ambrosia Floral Boutique.  I got flowers for my grandma.  They were beautiful and they lasted for a long time.  Same story when I purchased flowers for my wife for her birthday, which happened to be on a holiday.  Terri made the time to deliver them and make my wife's birthday special.  She (my wife) mentioned several times how amazed she was that they were so beautiful for so long.Any time I need flowers, this is where I'll go.  Thanks again, Terri!
5	I ordered flowers for my wife and wanted them delivered to her on Wednesday, March 27.  She was 9 months pregnant at the time and we were expecting to have the baby at any time.  We missed the delivery on Wednesday and that night we went to the hospital to have said baby.  I called Terri and asked if we could have the flowers delivered to the hospital room.  This worked out better than I thought.  My wife was very surprised and very happy.  The flowers brightened her day, and as of this date (4/8/13) they still look good and are still in our kitchen.
5	Love this flower shop's services! I use www.Teleflora.com often to send my girlfriend flowers and they give you an option to chose from their selected flower shops they work with. I've always chose Ambrosia, and they've  yet to let me down so I'll continue to ALWAYS use them! Just wanted to say THANK YOU guys @ Ambrosia Floral Boutique!! You have a customer for life!
5	I had flowers sent to my wife and she loved them.  They were beautiful, fresh, and smelled amazing.  I had to change the address where I originally wanted them sent and they were very accommodating.  Great service and great arrangement.
5	Exceptional Florist shop with attention to specific details and colors that you are looking for!  Their work is beautiful, and the flowers last a long time!!!!
5	I'm not sure how they do it, but their flowers are gorgeous and last forever. I have known Terri for a while, and she truly loves what she does. Every order has a personal touch. Can't say enough good things about this shop.
5	I go there just to smell the flowers.  Nobody knows how to make someone happy quite like Terri.  If you want personal service and still not have to mortgage the farm...you need to call Terri.  She is extremely helpful and the selection is outstanding.  Very few people take the time to really find out what you want and what your budget can stand at the same time.  A sure winner every time.
5	I wanted flowers for my wife's birthday delivered to the restaurant where we were meeting family for her birthday dinner. Unfortunately, I forgot to take care of it until the day of. I called Terri at 11:30am with a specific arrangement in mind, and I needed it delivered by 4:30pm! I was fully prepared for her either to say she couldn't help me or that I would have to pick another arrangement that was premade...Terri was EXTREMELY accommodating. She didn't actually have the flowers for the arrangement I wanted, so she recommended a way that she could still make the arrangement but substitute different flowers. This was an awesome idea, but the missing flowers were actually our wedding flowers. While I was hemming and hawing and trying to decide what to do, Terri piped up with "you know what, one of my drivers is near the flower supplier. Let me call him and have him stop in for some Asiatic lilies for you." Wow! Extremely customized service and meeting an insane deadline.So, that's the customer service. On to the flowers themselves. This is the most beautiful arrangement I have seen in a long time. My wife was floored, and everyone who has seen the arrangement has raved about it. I think we've officially found our "florist we'll use for everything in our family." There is literally not a single thing about this experience I could have asked to go any better.
5	I wanted a local florist, and after checking Yelp decided to try Ambrosia Floral. Ordering was simple, and the flowers delivered were beautiful and exactly as pictured on the site. I received a nice thank-you email and then a lovely thank you note from the owner. I will definitely use Ambrosia again! Happy to have a local business I can support.
