1	First off, if anyone reading this gets offended, please be aware that as an American, I do in fact have the right to an opinion. I don't want to get shot!I support the Democratic party, but since my red state dad was in town, i thought it might be interesting to take him to the gun show. i am a gun owner but the thought of being around several thousand other gun owners made me a bit nervous. it's kind of a rip-off. 7 bucks to park, 16 bucks to get in the place. and then everything in there is mostly over priced. it is kind of a nightmare for a liberal like me....the things overheard should make the owners of those comments ashamed of themselves. race, religion, sex...i overhead every kind of hateful thing said about every other race, religion, sex, etc. and to top it off, even my father...a gun-totin, conservative republican said to me as we were leaving "Well, i can see why most people shouldn't own guns". one of the scariest things i overheard from a vendor was this: a young man walks up to one of the sellers of guns. the young man says "So what's your background and paperwork requirements?". the gun seller says "how about cash?" and that was it. a semi-automatic AR-15 was sold. there was a line for ammunition about 3 hours long. people seem to be really scared about their guns and ammo getting taken away. this happens every 5 years or so. in any case, an excellent place for mullet spotting, but i wouldn't go back and would advise anyone with any sense to avoid it as well.
1	As a hardcore card carying gun toting NRA member, I would have to agree with some of this democrats comments, crossroads used to be a cool show to attend but they are just gouging show attendees, $27 for parking and entrance ticket, f u crossroads, just go to Walmart or cabelas for ammo and order everything else online or go to local shops that don't charge for parking or to just walk in the door. With that said, no gun show should be banned, let the free market dictate success.
1	I went to the gun show at the University of Phoenix stadium. Location is much better than at the fair grounds. Parking is free and that's about the only good thing about the entire gun show. Entrance ticket was $17 (there is a $1 off coupon from the event web site). Once in the event all the guns were over priced and the used guns were in rough shape for the same price as new at local gun shops. Lots of Chinese replacement parts, scopes and knives. Some custom ladies bags and sandals, basically lots of non gun related crap. Don't waste your time or money going to this show, just go to your local gun shop or go on-line.
1	Mostly junk.  Shady sellers.  Overpriced ammo.  Less expensive at overpriced Cabela's.   Expensive to enter the event to look around.  Stay away.
5	Great gun show in Phoenix.  Lot's of venders, not so many "junk tables"  food was good by prices high.
