4	I enjoy this club, because it is probably one of the fanciest strip clubs in Charlotte.  You will have to pay quite a bit of money here to get entertained.  I came here for Amateur night, because a good friend of mine was going to be in the competition.  She was both nervous and excited, but she did a great job.  That must be a huge rush to get in front of that many people and perform.  She actually ended up winning seven-hundred dollars, so the night unfolded into a pretty grand party.  I never visited VIP, but I heard that it is nice here as well.
3	So my experience with this place was as a perspective employee (not as a dancer, but as a hostess. It was a particularly dark moment in my employment history when I went in here to try to get a job.)I was immediately turned off. Everything was sticky...the bar where I sat down to fill out my employment application was covered in some kind of sticky funky ickiness. It was not sexy.The dancers were lovely, and they seemed friendly...I hear this is Charlotte's best strip club, but I was just so skeeved out by the stickiness that I couldn't appreciate the rest of the environment. Also, the cheesy sex hotel behind the place freaks me out as well.
3	Very classy and clean inside. They serve good food.  The strippers are alright looking. I got one lap dance, from this HOT LATIN chick, upstairs. It was OK. Nothing to get a wet dream over. This is not the best stipclub in Charlotte. Personally, I give that tittle to Paper Dolls, but this one is OK. It has more of a restauraunt feel to it.
4	Anyone who knows me knows that I'm not one for strip clubs. However, if more were like my night here, than I might change my mind.No pressure, relaxed atmosphere, in a very nice looking (and clean) venue!Best part of the night? A 400 lb. (at least) man being brought on stage by a bunch of dancers and they slowly took all his clothes off down to his underwear. Probably the best night of that guys life next to his wedding (he was the bachelor).The guy was a real champ! It made for an awesome show!
3	Every strip club has its perks and aspects it needs to work on, and Uptown Cabaret is no different.The good: girls tend to be attractive, waitstaff is cute too, most of the dances aren't unreasonably expensive.Needs improvement: some of the girls seem a bit stuck up.  They act like they are there just to hang out with hot guys.  Considering that most guys who go to strip clubs are average Joe's, these girls must either not need the money or just aren't willing to work for it I guess.  The girls there tend to be one of two extremes: either they aggressively pursue you for a pricey VIP dance, or they won't even look at you twice (I've seen plenty of girls there who seem to be content standing around chatting with their friends instead of trying to make money by selling dances.)Also, they changed the outfits of the waitresses recently, from sexy stockings to tight pants.  I preferred the stockings.  It gave the place more of an old school gentleman's club feel.
3	Listen, I'm no strip club connoisseur but I've been to a few and when I say a few I mean like 3.  This one would have to fall right in the middle in terms of quality of the girls and the fact that the space inside is a bit too cramped.  I don't want to feel like I'm right on top of another.....dude!  Lol.  So would I come back?  Sure, but probably only if #1, my girlfriend goes with me :) or #2 someone needs their strip club cherry popped.  Otherwise....I'll pass!
4	Why do I always end up at strip clubs after a night out for breakfast? At this rate I'll turn into Ke$ha.The place is super chill, we had some passes to get in free but they said they don't do that after 1:30 weird. The breakfast here is banging though! Maybe even when I'm not totally drunk! I thought the biscuits and gravy were yummy, eggs great and not overcooked, and there was some other stuff but my memory is hazy.The dancers here are terribly nice. I mean I gave one a dollar because I thought she did a good job twerking it out and she was all like huggy hug hug before she went to get a top to put back on. Drinks here are expensive though! $16 for a desert martini? Ouch!All said don't go here unless you're pretty wasted beforehand or you'll be paying a pretty big markup on those drinks! But if you're hungry don't be shy, it's delicious here!
4	I have never been to a strip club before, so my husband and our friends brought me to see what it's all about.  I actually had a great time and was very impressed by some of the women on stage.  It was like Cirque du Soleil!  I want to learn to walk on the ceiling now.  Women are always free and the ladies were so sweet to me - got a couple cheek kisses *blush*.  I'm not going to be ordering a lap dance anytime soon, but I'm not opposed to coming back.  And like the reviewers said, the breakfast isn't bad, I enjoyed the french toast sticks.
1	I have gone to this club in the past and have enjoyed the experience.   I recently decided to revisit this club and had a bad experience .  I saw a dancer that caught my eye. I offered her a drink and a dance. After her canoodling me  I gave in and said i'll take  one ( 30 dollar)  dance.After some pleasant conversation over the drink( I treated her to),  the dance began .  After four minutes the song was over and I reached in my pocket to give her the 30 + 5 dollars for a tip, when she explained I actually owed her 60 dollars  because it was 2 songs.  By my count it was one dance. Apparently she decided to count the 5 minutes of  time we spent talking over the drinks i bought her as part of the dance as well.   I thought she was kidding and gave her the $ 35. This  beautiful little angel suddenly became a crazy little devil. She called her manager and made me out to be some kind of lunatic lowlife cheapskate.   I politely explained the situation to the  manager but he insisted i pay up which i promptly did .  After wards i made a quick exit.   There was no mistaken that I was being blatantly scammed here.  I was in the club for less then 10 minutes and hadn't even finished my first beer, and was not drunk in the least.   Unless you don't mind being scammed by a dancer, and paying 60 dollars for a 4 minute dance I would  steer clear from this establishment .  A night I was hoping to relax over a beer and a beautiful dancer cost me 80 dollars for less then 10 minutes of harassment and aggravation.  It appears to be a pretty good club and i couldn't say if they regularly scam the patrons,  but  they sure as hell scammed me.  On principle I'll avoid this place  and I'll tell my friends to go elsewhere as well. The are  a ton of clubs in the area with gorgeous girls  that even have signs on the table that you will never pay for a dancer's time or for  her simply talking to you.You've  been warned .Jay
1	First and last to this club. Very pricy,poor service and no contact dance. ... Other clubs in charlotte are better ... Very disappointed .....
1	I and girl friend went here.... Lack if girls , no ladies rest room, pricy dances ... I am not recommending this shit to any one...
1	Worst strip club I've ever been to. Do NOT even think you could use coupons or think the manager will honor anything. Received a complementary free pass and was denied by the manager even though there was no restrictions. Worst service ever
1	This place is a craphole. My friends and I have gone for a 2 AM breakfast a couple of times (I know that seems weird but it's cheaper than eating at the diner that caters the breakfast!) and the people working there are absolute dicks. The girl at the front door acts like she's the hottest thing since sliced bread. The girls that walk around are bit*hes unless you're throwing wads of money out. I jokingly told one of the girls that my friend wanted a lap dance and within 5 minutes he came back really mad. He said she danced and he handed her $30 and she said "NO! It's $60!"  That's crazy considering the girls don't even look very good! Maybe I'm biased because I'm not a strip club kind of guy but this place is a bad way to end a good night
2	This is the most expensive club in Charlotte, but the best quality girls. The girls here are above average to awesome in looks. There are very few tattoos here if any. There can be a long line on weekends and after  sporting events.The girls are not really friendly here but they ask you if you want a dance before sitting at your table. They won't spend time with you here if you aren't willing to spend lots of money. These aren't the fun type girls... they are obviously there for one thing and that's to drain your pockets. When you stop spending money they are off to another table. FYI: No smoking in any bar or restaurant anywhere in North Carolina. If they have a drink special it has to last all day... no happy hours. Sorry but it's NC law.
3	Why yes, I am writing a review on a strip club. Go ahead and say it: best female community manager ever.Once again, Saturday was one of those nights where after a few shots (few is definitely the wrong word there... but we'll go with that) someone says, "hey let's go to Uptown."I'll be completely honest, I have zero idea how much it costs to get into this place. When we end up here we're usually with a liquor rep, service industry person, etc.. someone who knows someone. Plus, I'm a girl.What's not to like? The breakfast is good. If you've been boozing, you'll probably think it's heaven. I'm not a lap dance fan. I don't really get what I'm supposed to be doing when it's going on. Where do I put my hands? What are appropriate questions? Yes, I ask questions because I don't know what else to do. Now the girls on the stage.. that's a different story. I'll throw monies (I love to say that word) down all night and get stripper hugs. The dancers here are pretty and they're nice. My favorite girl here is the massage chick. I'll take her over a lap dance any day. Cocktails. Yes, they're pricey. You're at a strip club. However, there are different drink specials each night. Sunday is SIN and amateur night. You'll see familiar faces drinking there from bars across the city. I noticed some people complaining about free passes not being honored. Always make sure to read the cards. You usually can't use them after a certain time or when special events are happening.
4	THE BEST SHRIMP AND GRITS!!! $10 for the lunch buffet and there's a lot on the menu. A favorite is the shrimp and grits. Some of the best I've ever had. I'm not a regular in the strip club but I got card and I can go back for $5 next time! Who's meeting me for lunch?!!
