5	Tiffany did my wedding make-up and I could not have picked a better girl for the job. She was extremely easy to talk to, schedule, etc. and we decided to do my trial the day of my wedding shower. She came to my house, was prompt and professional and I absolutely LOVED my make-up. We confirmed for the wedding and again, I could not have been happier with my decision. She came to us at our hotel suite and I had five girls plus myself and we were all perfectly done right on time. She was on time for our appointment (and it was an EARLY start, professional, funny, and truly made my big day that much easier and better. We were all thrilled with the make-up job she did. I'm sad I don't have more things to hire her for but when I do have a need come up she will definitely get my first call. Thanks again Tiffany!
5	Had my makeup done as a bridesmaid. Was 100 degree heat in a long black dress and had NO worries about my face. She was quick, but precise and wasn't done until I was 100% satisfied (which was at first glance)! Couldn't have asked for a better makeup artist!
5	I booked Tiffany a while back for my wedding.  I got so lucky to have found her.  She not only came to my office to do the practice updo, but, she drove to my wedding location which was not really close.  She did my makeup, hair, and some of my bridesmaid's hair and makeup and of course my daughter's hair and makeup.  She made the day go really easy, was on time, finished us up on time and made us look gorgeous.  Tiffany is a great person to work with, I would recommend her anytime I have friends getting married.  She helped make me feel really beautiful on my special day!  Thanks Tiffany, you ROCK!
5	I had Tiffany do myself as well as 6 of my bridesmaids for my wedding. Dealing with 7 women is not an easy task :) Tiffany was on time, super friendly, planned exactly enough time for each girl, and she was great at listening and then creating the look every girl wanted. EVERY girl LOVED Tiffany's work. Pictures came out beautifully and several of my guests commented on how great the girls makeup all looked. I would use her again in a heartbeat!!
5	Tiffany was awesome!! Very friendly and did an AMAZING job on all of us for my sister in laws wedding. My hair never curls but she got it to curl and not only did it look beautiful but it stayed! The makeup was gorgeous and she uses quality product. I am still friends with her to this day because she has such a great personality. I strongly recommend her for your event! You won't be sorry.
5	Tiffany is an amazing make up artist. She's done my makeup several times and it always looks fabulous. I highly recommend her for all events. Great prices and super friendly.
5	Tiffany was amazing! She was on time and ready to roll before we even had our hair done. She listened to what we wanted and provided exactly that. Her makeup job perfectly complemented my features and made me look even more beautiful. Highly recommended.
5	I am so happy Tiffany was recommended to me. She did an amazing job! I've never felt so beautiful before. Will definitely be using her again!
