4	Brand new addition to the Craig Road corridor.  Stylish decor, freestanding building next to Outback Steakhouse.  The food is EXTREMELY fresh, the staff is wonderful.  This will be a new neighborhood casual dining hangout for us.
5	Great buffets, puts china star to shame.
4	Definitely worth the money, which is a good price per person- for both my husband and I, it came to $26 (that included drinks). There is something there for everyone, even french fries for the kids. A nice selection of dumplings (fried and steamed). Plenty of meat dishes, rice/noodle dishes, soups, vegetable dishes, and even a hibachi station. There's also a small dessert section as well as self-serve soft ice cream. My favorite was the beef skewers and the beef & broccoli. My one disappointment- the asparagus was undercooked. Next time, I'm going to try the hibachi station. Other notes: servers are friendly, clean decor, and the food is constantly replenished with fresh stuff.
4	This is a great new Asian buffet in North Vegas!  The inside is very clean and nicely decorated.  The staff were very friendly.   And the food was fresh and good.  They had mostly Chinese, with some other pan-Asian choices such as Japanese (sushi and teriyaki chicken), Thai (pad thai, basil pork, yellow curry) and Korean (kim chee).    The seafood lovers in our group were happy with the big selection.  They also had a live grill hibachi section, but we didn't try that.  We will definitely go back to this restaurant.
1	I've heard many good reviews about this place and my friends brought me here raving about it, so it sucks to give them such a bad review, but here it goes.The restaurant is small and nicely decorated, although the framed pictures don't match the decor. That aside let's get to the real review:As I said, I came with my friends. We all sat at a booth together. Service was extremely slow.  The two waiters were confused about who was in charge of the table, which is probably what lead to th entrees not coming out together. In fact, we had to remind them of what we ordered for them to bring the second dish. The service was just really, really bad. My dish was extremely salty, like they had just kept dumping salt on it. I didn't eat it. Thank goodness I was able to fill up on appetizers and what my friends had ordered.My friend paid first. He asked if they could do anything for him because of the slow service. They gave him 10% off. Then I wanted to pay. So, I asked for the same percentage off. Afterall, we had been at the same table, AND the food wasn't eatable either. Guess what the cashier said. NO. "We can only do that for one check." Oh I was livid! I paid, but I did not leave a tip! I have never been treated this badly at a restaurant! Let alone one with such a good reputation.
3	Stopped by for lunch yesterday. It was $6.99 and $1.59? for a drink.Started with a bowl of hot & sour soup. Next I hit up the hibachi station. The I made a quick round the buffet station and filled up a plate. Everything was ok. I wish they had a better sushi selection to choose from.
3	The food was okay but I was noticing a lot of dirty plates.  I had to search through the pile to find a clean one.  The service was very nice and attentive.
4	Theres 2 chinese buffets on Craig road between MLK and Decatur and I prefer Little Dumpling over China Star, that's for sure.Reason being? The quality is way better!  And they have more selection. Yeah they have your chinese buffet pizza, and fries and nuggets, but they also have frog legs, eggplant, beef ribs and other stuff you won't find at other Chinese buffets. One time I came there, just for the eggplant, they didn't have it, but they cooked a serving just for me! Now that's how you keep a customer happy.  They also have sushi and crab legs at dinner time.One thing that always happens and never fails is that some selections aren't refilled for a long time. And it keeps people waiting.  Other than that, Little Dumplings over China Star any day.
5	There are two Asian buffets that we love to eat at in Las Vegas. This is our newest discovery. The price is right. The food is well stocked and fresh. The staff is friendly and helpful. The variety is adequate. They have a grill where you can pick out your own ingredients and have them cooked. There is some sushi. The fillet of sole is always excellent and their spicy chicken dishes are nice and spicy. There are a lot of interesting seafood combinations that I'm not really into but they appear to be fresh and the food temperature is always hot enough.I imagine that they get some overflow business on busy nights when the wait it too long at Outback Steakhouse next door but there is always ample parking when we go on Tuesday nights. Tuesday nights they offer discounts to families with kids and have free face painting and a movie playing on a large screen TV. The restaurant is big enough that you could comfortably sit away from the kids and the movie and still have a pleasant evening on Tuesdays even if you are not a "family friendly" person.We visited this location once a couple of years ago and never went back because the variety of food didn't justify the cost. We tried it again recently when my wife noticed that they were advertising a much lower price on their billboard out front. What a difference! I hope they can stay in business and thrive because we love it there now.Nice staff. Good food. Great price!Update as of 12/11 - They appeared to be closed the last time we drove by on the way to another restaurant. The nightly karaoke discouraged us from returning.
3	Good Chinese buffet. Decently priced and a lot of good food.
2	I took the wife, daughter, and mom to Little Dumpling Asian Buffet for Valentines Day dinner.  The cost of the buffet was $14.99 per adult, $7.99 for the child.  Because it was Valentine's Day, they served seafood, to include crab legs.  All four of us love crab legs.  None of us liked the way these tasted.  I don't know if they are out of season, or what, but it seemed that the meat in the legs was dehydrated, puny, soggy, and didn't have much taste. On the bright side, this Asian buffet had as much flan as you could eat, and that was pretty darn good.  This is not a place to go for tasty crab legs.  Go on a weekday, when the prices are normal ($7.99 for dinner), and load up on the other foods.
4	I like this place for the selection of items. The Tom Yung Goon soup is so good, and sooo spicy, its full of shrimp and even crawfish! Some nights there is karaoke manned by these older (senior) ladies who do a lot of the singing (make sure you remind them you turned in a song request). The hibachi chef will ask how spicy you want your food, and when I asked for a little spice, he got it right! There is the standard salad and fruit bar, the usual suspects for entrees and desserts. They do have a military discount if you show ID. I even attended a birthday party there and the staff was so nice putting together tables, and even serving the dessert that was brought in!
4	My mom and I came here sometime last year... she's really picky and judgmental when it comes to chinese buffets, but to my surprise... she loved this place! I liked it as well. They had plenty of selections to choose from, but I guess I expected a little more. It was still good nonetheless. I kinda wish it was closer to our area now, cuz chinese buffet sounds awesome right now! Next time I'm around the area, I just might stop by and eat there again :)
3	Since moving down to Vegas with my husband last year, we were told we had to try this place out. Now, even my husband mentioned it the last time we ate there but it seems their food has gotten worse since the first time we tried it out. The salad bar, I wouldn't really call it a salad bar. There's lettuce and a few different dressings with some fruit to grab. In my opinion some selections of the food have a certain funny taste to them, and others are pretty good. Personal preference. We usually go on the evenings for dinner so we can get to the crab legs. Maybe it's just me again but the last couple times the crab tasted like it came right out of the sea water, cold and salty. Blah. I do remember them serving baby octopus, I wasn't brave enough to venture with that but a friend of mine was and said they were pretty good. There is also a small bar to add certain ingredients to your fried rice or noodles and a small selection of sushi. The different varieties of food could be a little better but overall it's not too bad. And to end with a sweet note there are some tiny finger cakes and a frozen yogurt. All in all, your pretty much getting what you pay for. Its not too expensive. It also looks like the updated the decorations and music finally, although listening to 90s music was entertaining, the boy band songs were getting old. My husband and I payed 24 and some odd cent. Mon through Thurs dinner prices are 8.99 and Fri through Sun, I believe, they are 11.99, plus they have a military discount so I gave them an extra star. Try it for yourself if you don't feel like cooking dinner one night!
5	Too bad they decided to lower their prices. I think that may have put them out of business. We would have kept coming back at a higher price point and the naysayers and complainers looking for cheap meal would have stayed out.       "  .  .  .  of course, that's just my opinion. I could be wrong."                         Dennis Miller
