4	New location in Bakery Square. Nice outdoor seating, and a fireplace inside.
3	I'm a huge fan of Coffee Tree Roasters for their unique ambiance and great beverages. I thought I would stop by their new Bakery Square store to catch up on email between meetings. The Apple Chai Latte was amazing with all of the flavors of fall in one cup. I highly recommend it.My biggest disappointment was the Buffalo Chicken Wrap I bought to help tide me over before dinner. There was no price on the packaging or in the cooler case. I was shocked to find it was $6.50. I am willing to spend that kind of money for a wrap in most cases. However, this wrap didn't make the cut.
4	There's not a ton of difference between this place and other coffee tree sites. I thought this was nice, though. In particular they have some great outdoor space, even with music on some weekend afternoons, as far as I have seen. The hummus and carrots were a little disappointing, but all of the coffee drinks (hot and cold) I got here were great. I frequented them during a several-night hotel stay across the parking lot. And speaking of parking lot, that's another perk. I was able to have a friend drive to meet me here, and not have to worry about parking. A definite plus!
4	I like friendly Baristas!  Probably because I used to be one and know that if you're a friendly costumer you'll have a nice, smiling friendly Barista on the the other side of the counter.  At least, you should have!So the Barista here, totally friendly!  We chatted for a bit while they were making my iced chai latte.  Chatting and coffee shops go together like cookies and milk.  You gotta have both to really enjoy the experience.  My iced chai was up to my chai standards.  I knew right away it was the good chai concentrate and a great balance between the chai and milk.  They win, I win....we all win!The coffee shop has a pretty large area to set up shop if you'd like to work or meet with a friend over coffee.  I can't wait for Bakery Square to grow so more people can enjoy this Coffee Tree location.  And next time, when I'm not in the chai mood, I'm ordering one of those "gallon" iced green teas.  You may be peeing a lot after...but I'm sure it's totally worth it and refreshing!
5	The nicest baristas on the planet. I love the bright, airy space- especially on nice days when they open the huge garage-like glass door. Comfy couches, yummy treats (the sometimes have chocolate covered tortilla chips at the counter- try them!) and the perfect medium soy cap with an extra shot of espresso every time!!!
5	I love local businesses, The people who run The Coffee Tree Roasters have a great business going. I admit I love Starbucks, Caribou Coffee, Crazy Mocha, and all the others, but Coffee Tree Roasters has the best coffee in the city. Their French Roast is over the top, syrupy, smokey sweet notes with a bold but not bitter flavor.  I love to order a French press of their French Roast and sit down with the City Paper and kill an hour. I'm not much for the foo foo drinks like frozen frappa cappachino with 3 shots, low foam, extra wet, blah blah blah. I do on occasion, mostly in summer month enjoy Iced coffee. At Coffee Tree they have the best. They double brew their Iced coffee so it stands up to ice. I get it with sugar free vanilla syrup and soy milk. As good as a milk shake without the calories, fat, and guilt.They have great employees here, and the one on Beverly Rd. in Mt Lebo. Great bakery showcase, the lemon pound cake doesn't quite match the Starbucks lemon loaf but the coffee wins, hands down!
4	I'm a big fan of Coffee Tree. Their coffee is great. service has always been friendly, even when it's super busy due to events at Bakery Square. It's great in the warm months when they open up the roll-up door. Their Frozacino beats that other popular frozen coffee drink ANY day.I would give them 5 stars except for these points:- Never any seating at this place, particularly in the winter when outdoor seating isn't available.- No changing table in the rest room.- I don't like how the condiment bar is on the opposite end of the store from the pickup counter. That just doesn't make sense.
5	The best coffee i have had in PGH! It's smooth and delicious and the best part of waking up before work. plus the staff is amazing and provide stickers for you :)
4	The coffee and service is above average. I give it four stars because it still isn't superb.
1	Ugh. I'm so sad. There is nothing fresh that comes out of their frozen drinks. If I want juice blended with ice I can do that at home. And save myself 4 bucks.
3	This seems like a really cool place with the floor to ceiling windows that roll-up when the weather is nice.  Nevertheless, I give this place 3 stars for a couple reasons.  First, the hot chocolate (my drink of choice) was a bit dull tasting.  Second, finding seating when the weather sucks is difficult.  I hear the coffee lovers do enjoy this place though.  Check it out and see if it's for you.
4	Great place to relax and hang out with friends, read a book or just get some work done on your Palm Pilot or listen to your Dell DJ. Nice hot drinks and atmosphere. The only problem was their WiFi wasn't compatible with my Prodigy internet service...
3	I have mixed feelings about coffee tree roasters. On the one hand I really like that they roast their own beans and that they are fresh. On the other I don't feel those beans are top notch. Other coffee shops might buy other roasters beans but they are a higher quality and just plain taste better.The locations that I have visited are pretty cool and feel comfortable but I can't get past that there are better coffee shops around the burgh if you take the time to look.
4	Very friendly staff and great coffee.  I like supporting a local company, especially when the product is such high quality.  This is a very relaxing place to meet someone for coffee.
4	For coffee this is the place to go (the other locations are equally good on this count).  That is their focus and they have it down.  Once in a great while they do burn the coffee on the brewer at this location, and it is obvious in contrast to the otherwise superlative brew they normally serve.  I can immediately smell it before I even taste the cup, and they will happily swap me for a different pot.Beans to go are also the best in town.  The mid range varieties (like Cost Rica) are an excellent deal.Their baked goods selection has some real jewels, but the inventory is overwhelmed by a dozen varieties of pound cake, which is mediocre.The Bakery Square location has a great patio area around it for nice days.  On inclement days, you can count on one environment inside: cold.  Summer or winter it is the low 60s, so dress appropriately.All in all, a top spot for the coffee aficionado.  For pastries and a lounging vibe there are better options.
3	CTR is your Pittsburgh-local Starbucks alternative. They roast their own beans which is great, but my own impression is that they've been at it for so long that they're stuck in the prescribed-profile roasting philosophy. That may be a misconception, but when/wherever I see a Dark Roast option, I get that impression. Plus, they seem to be roasting in larger bulk that I would expect one to be able to produce using a true-to-bean method. [Stepping down off my coffee high horse] This location in particular is a great stop if you're racing out of Pittsburgh on Penn Ave trying to hit the turnpike before rush hour or waiting for your wife to finish her business at Anthropologie [ you know, like you do ].
3	I like this location of CTR. I like stopping by after I go to the gym (if I am lucky enough to get a parking spot) or before a Trader Joes run. Their coffee is fine, as are their lattes. Nothing spectular. But, during the winter, the Hot Apple Grogge is divine! The worst part about this location is the parking situation. It seems ridiculous to have to park in a parking garage when you just want to grab a quick coffee. People never pay attention/obey the hybrid parking signs, so even when I am driving my hybrid, I still normally can't get a decent parking spot.They do have a selection of gluten free options, which is nice.  They carry Umpqua oatmeal as well as some gf bars and a few treats from Gluuteny.
3	This place is not my favorite CTR, and CTR coffee is not my favorite; therefore, by inductive reasoning I can't give this branch more than 3 stars (is that right?).  Anyway, this branch is located in the beautiful Bakery Square and the building is unique in that it is its own separate entity right dab in the middle of the parking lot.  Once inside, the shop itself feels very open, which feels odd in a coffee shop because there are no cool nooks and crannies to nestle into to find your own zone for working or chillaxin with peeps. That being said, the people here are very nice and the coffee is pretty good. Worth a stop in if you're to/from the gym here or doing some shopping.
