4	Decently priced selection of dresses. The store is clean and the employees are friendly and helpful and I didn't get the big upsell on accessories (which incidentally seemed a bit pricey, I mean, a headband for $99? Come ON). You call ahead and make an appointment and then you spend about an hour with a consultant who brings you a few dresses based on your preferences. I had one preference only and while I kept an open mind and tried the few additional dresses she brought me, my ultimate choice was my first choice. But she was nice and helped me in and out of the gowns and explained the alterations that can be done on the dresses. I had to choose a chain store by default for my wedding dress as my bridal party and other family members are spread throughout four different cities in two separate states, so David's Bridal was convenient and easy for me.
1	HOW does this walmart of wedding dresses stay in business? As Luckie mentioned you set up the appt, yada, yada. I went 2 years ago with my best friend and not only did the sales person let us know we were wasting her time she also told us over and over we were picking the wrong style for her 'beach wedding'. She brought us about 5 different dresses that were the exact opposite of what we asked for. It was horrible! Recently I revisited looking for a cheap evening gown. Only bonus: everything is in stock so you can try on the actual dress despite your size. HOWEVER, going in and asking for a specific dress they don't have? FORGET it! The girl sent to help me told me that not only did they not have the style, the only way I could get it was if I paid in full ahead of time, and it was NON RETURNABLE! Even if I never brought it out of the store!! Calling other locations to see if they had it was a major hassle for the girl, thanks, no thanks, bye bye!
1	Price reflects quality and service.  5/2010 purchased wedding gown, brides maids and mothers (bride and groom mothers and grandmothers) dresses.  Girls were rude and our brides maids dresses seems and straps fell apart just before the wedding.
5	Let me first start by saying that I am only through the process of putting my dress on layaway. So, I can't speak for quality as I haven't worn it for any length of time. I did thoroughly inspect it and am very pleased.I was thrilled today when I was able to find a dress in my size as I'm a plus-size bride. Not only did I find one, but there was a large selection in my size and I loved a couple of them. Shocking! I don't usually have many choices. I had called ahead and made my appointment and asked if they had an assortment of dresses in my size in. She said they did and was very kind. I advised her I've been reading horror stories online about plus sized girls being treated poorly, etc by stores and attendants. She assured me that would not be the case. It most certainly wasn't. My specialist was amazing. I picked out three I liked hanging on the rack. It's hard to tell what they look like til you have them out and on. I liked one, thought it might be it. Quickly ruled out the other two. Then, she said WAIT, and went and got one that had just come in. It slid on with ease and felt amazing. She knew based on all the information I had given her what I was looking for. I cannot stress enough how pleasantly surprised I am. I would advise any bride call ahead as I did. It just gives them the heads up to be extra nice to you if you express concern before hand.As someone else mentioned there was no big upsell. No pressure. She told me there was sale on the dress I wasn't aware of. She seemed genuinely interested in my happiness. WIN!
4	E (My MOH and fellow Yelper!) and I went to the Phoenix Bridal Expo back in January and we just happened to stop by the Davids Bridal booth. $50 off coupon just for booking an appointment at the expo. SOLD! Now I had looked at the dresses on line and had a few already "favorited" on the site under my account. So when my dress appointment happened on February 13th, I knew which ones I wanted to look at. I arrive with my entourage (my mom, grandmother, E, my bridesmaids, and a few friends) and I'm greeted upon entry. I state I have an appointment with Patty (I think that was her name) and shortly after, Patty comes up, greets us, and we head back to the fitting area. I told Patty what I was looking for and not looking for. Much to my mother's disapproval what I wasn't looking for was a Pretty Pretty Princess, 20lbs of tulle, poofy shoulders gown with a cathedral length veil. Sorry Ma! Ain't happening. Patty listened to my concerns and offered lots of feedback. I tried on my first dress (which I loved online, but wasn't sure how it was going to look when I put it on) and immediately fell in love! I tried on at least 4 other dresses, including a PPP with a floor length veil to appease my mother. Patty saw my frustration and thankfully stepped in when my mom was about ready to pull dresses for me. Patty suggested I try on the first dress again, which I did. I knew it was the one, especially with everyone exclaiming that the dress had me (my personality) written all over it. OH and the most awesome part, I was able to purchase the sample dress! I wanted a sample as opposed to ordering a new dress. Watching Say Yes to the Dress taught me one thing - How a dress fits and lies on the body might be a little different with a brand new dress, than the sample one. With the sample, its like wearing your favorite pair of jeans, they're broken in. :) Cleaning and pressing were included in the price. SWEET!! SOLD! The only slip-up and reason why I cant give them 5 stars is the fact that my special order pieces (the bra and slip) were not included on the order when I purchased the dress and accessories. Something I should have caught before I paid. But none the less a quick call, and everything was fixed. They even held my special order items for about 2 months after they arrived (the next time I'd be in that area for the bridesmaid dress appointment). All in all, great people/company to work with!
1	This place was just... okay. First I'd like to say that my bridal consultant (don't remember her name - sorry) was really nice and helpful. But to me most of the other saleswomen had "desperation" all over their faces (don't know if they work off of commission, or if the higher ups are just slave laborers, or what, but I'm sure some of them would've killed for a sale). I found a few dresses I liked, but they were way too high pressure for me to be able to make a solid decision on the spot, so I decided to wait on it. I ended up finding a dress I liked better for about 1/3 of the price somewhere else. I notified David's Bridal "thanks but no thanks" about 6 months ago. To this day I still get calls to my cell phone asking me to "come back in and try on the dress"... they're like the telemarketers of the bridal world! So annoying. Plus their accessories are so expensive, and very cookie cutter. I'd go somewhere else, unless you're new to this and need some ideas.
2	Not really impressed with David's Bridal overall, we mainly only come here because the bridesmaids dresses are so cheap. I guess my expectation of someone owning a bridal shop or hiring people that work there, would actually be happy for the brides-to-be, but most of them seem like they loathe their jobs. Maybe they deal with too many bridezillas, but whatever the reason, when someone comes in and you work in retail and they are polite to you, you should just be polite back. The level of service is not that great. They seem very rushed to get you in and out as quickly as possible while doing the least they can to help you before moving onto the next customer. We called to try to schedule an appointment for bridesmaids dress shopping, but I didn't receive a call back so we just stopped in and ended up buying one of them. Then I got a call about a week ago (after already ordering my dress) to schedule the appointment. And they couldn't understand that I wasn't the bride, but merely shopping for my bridesmaid's dress for my sister's wedding. We were told it would take about 2-3 weeks to get the dress in, and I never got a call about it arriving. I had to call them, plus they even have a note on the receipt that if you don't pick it up within a certain amount of time, they will send it back. Good thing I called, because my dress had been in already and we never received a call. The girl that helped me when I came in was polite, but looked annoyed that she had to get up off her chair to run to the back to get my dress. Good thing it's cheap there, otherwise I'm not really sure how any David's Bridal stays in business
2	While the sales girl was very friendly, she didn't actually listen to anything I said. I had printed out pictures of about 12 dresses in styles that I liked, but every dress she brought me was something that I didn't like. She seemed genuinely sorry that they didn't carry more styles in my size. Overall, I wasn't especially impressed by the service or the store and won't be back.
2	My sister ended up buying her dress from here but I was the one doing all the work.  They did not have any dress's pulled even though we had picked a ton of dresses online prior to our visit.  Staff was not good and very unprofessional looking employees.  Do not go to the PV location go somewhere else.
4	So I came to this David's Bridal hearing extremely mixed opinions about their stores as a whole. I was honestly expecting a less than great experience. Reading reviews, it seemed like this one was better than other DBs in Phoenix. I made an appointment online, which was really convenient.I was pleasantly surprised at how bright and clean the store was. The girl that greeted me and checked me in was nice and let me browse around for about 20 minutes since I was very early for my appointment. My consultant, Brittani, was extremely nice and friendly (not fake or pushy), so I was glad that I got her! I already picked out my favorite dresses online and she had them pulled when my appointment started. Impressive. The dress that was my FAVORITE was not there though, and they only carried it in Plus sizes even though they have it online in regular sizes too. That was pretty disappointing. They gave me a bustier that did not fit at all and had make up stains on it from being pulled down over clown make up, so that kind of sucked. I had my own bra but they want you to wear their bustier. It didn't really matter though when the dresses are pulled up against you so you're "in place" anyway.Some dresses were really nice, others were clearly cheaper fabric. Everything I tried on I already liked since I spent a lot of time picking them prior to the visit. I definitely recommend doing that so you can avoid wasting your time looking at dresses still in their bags or having a consultant pick them for you. Alterations are expensive, be aware.Get a weekday DAYTIME appointment if you can. I had a 2pm appointment on a Monday and I had my consultant to myself and there wasn't many people there.I like the price range that David's Bridal has, they have dresses for any budget. Cheaper dresses for less than $200 and a couple designers up to $1200-ish. I had a good time trying the dresses on, they have an awesome selection for the price. I had two favorites but ultimately found "the dress" somewhere else the next day. David's is GREAT for bridesmaids dresses and color coordinating. I will be using them for BM dresses and Men's Wearhouse for groomsmen. I might even come back for accessories!My only complaint: Their call center was calling me SEVERAL times a day for a few days after I canceled my tentative appointment to come back. I thought it would stop after I didn't answer a few times. Nope. But once you tell them not to call you again, they don't. No issues anymore. But you can't really blame the store itself for that.
5	I couldn't wait to get home so I can write my review for this David's Bridal location. My baby cousin is getting married in eight months (tear, tear) and we booked an appointment to try on wedding dresses last night. We had suuuuch an amazing experience and I'd love to share the details!Our sales lady, Samantha, was eager to help us as soon as we got there. She asked the regular questions (what size are you? what color are you looking for? what's your budget?) and after getting a feel for what we were looking for, let us run wild in the store (yay!) Well, here's the kicker: my cousin wears the head scarf (we're Muslim) and that makes picking a wedding dress much harder than it already is. Surprisingly, it didn't bother or worry Samantha at all. So, wedding dresses started piling on in the fitting room. My cousin is sooooo picky as it is, so everything she tried on wasn't what she wanted. On top of that, she made me take 10 pictures for each dress at every angle possible. We didn't agree on any of the dresses (my taste is much better than hers, ha!) so by 8:00pm, I was OVER IT. Samantha kept a smile on her face the entire time and continued to go above and beyond to satisfy my cousin. There's a small stage (where you try on dresses) and they were playing AWESOME music, so I jumped on the stage and started singing/dancing. Another sales rep would have tried to say something such as, "Company policy says you need to have a seat," but Samantha was just laughing and enjoying everything. She definitely deserves praise just for dealing with me. To top it all off, we found the perfect dress! My cousin actually went with a dress Samantha picked out! When we were leaving, she said we were the most fun group she has had in a long time. Wedding dress shopping is usually catastrophic (especially with a Bridezilla) but this was truly a memorable experience my baby cousin and I shared. Thank you Samantha and I hope your manager sees this! 10 stars if I could!
1	I recently visited the David's Bridal Paradise Valley store while visiting my future in-laws after Christmas. My future mother-in-law really wanted to be involved in the dress shopping experience so I thought I would make my first shopping trip while visiting her. My future sister-in-law was in town too so I thought it would be a nice chance for her to be involved too. I didn't expect to find my dress as I am SUPER picky and it has taken me MONTHS to find dresses for things before. My wedding isn't until October, so I had 10 months and wasn't too worried. When I called to make the reservation for an appt at the Scottsdale store, I was diverted to the Paradise Valley store as the Scottsdale location was under renovation. Not a big deal as the PV store is only 20 min away. I had a terrible experience with Sierra at the PV store. They had warned me that the she would have another client, and I had informed my future mother-in-law and my aunt of this as well. It took her about 20 minutes to come greet me at the front of the store. I didn't try on my first dress until I was 45 minutes into the appointment. Sierra had pulled dresses for me but I was standing there in the slip and corset top they had me put on for 10 minutes before I gave up on waiting for her and had my aunt help me into the first dress. It was a Vera Wang I had been interested in, but I looked like a cream puff (not David's Bridal or Sierra's fault... just not a good look for me). I tried on only one of the other dresses Sierra had brought out of the 4 because I didn't like the dresses she pulled. I kept waiting for her to help me; however, Sierra barely ever came back. She only seemed to come back when she was requested and only helped me in and out of one dress.I had told her exactly what I didn't want and she kept bringing stuff that had things I didn't want. She was VERY NICE, VERY PROFESSIONAL, and handled my relatives without getting frustrated. However, they were frustrated with her. My future mother-in-law had to pull a lot of the dresses, and most of her pulls were ones I actually liked. Most of Sierra's pulls were ones I did not. She pulled some silhouettes that were nice but nothing that wowed me or really impressed me.The dressing room wasn't big enough for the dress, much less the dress and two people. The store itself looked unimpressive. Sierra just was not a good match for me. They didn't have the Melissa Sweet line which was my fav dress when looking through magazines, but Sierra told me the Scottsdale store had the line but probably not the dress. She didn't take the 2 minutes out to call and check for me, but I did.  They had it and accommodated a walk-in. The Scottsdale store set me up with Alison and she was amazing. Even though she too had another client, she made me feel like her only client and she was SO sweet and nice. I really appreciated her and everything she did for me! Because of Alison, I found my dress (turns out the Melissa Sweet I loved wasn't it either) and I ACTUALLY feel like a bride now.  I recommend going to the Scottsdale Fashion Square store EVEN IF THE Paradise Valley store is closer. The rooms are bigger, nicer, and the seating is more comfortable for your family. They have mirrors IN THE ROOMS and the selection is much nicer. The store appears smaller than the PV store but it is SO MUCH nicer than the PV store. Trust me, you won't regret skipping PV and going straight to Scottsdale.  (Ask for Alison too! :))
2	To be honest, I wasn't expecting amazing at David's Bridal but my recent visit was worst than expected. My sister is on the hunt for a wedding dress and wanted to check out a few she liked online in store. This was her first ever appointment and she came with her mini entourage (me included of course). As we arrived, we were greeted but it took a while for someone to take us back to fittings. It was quite awkward standing in the middle of the store with no direction or place to sit while we waited..This is when the appointment got slightly better. Our consultant was very sweet but double booked. It was fun getting to see all the different brides trying on their dresses and having those "a-ha" moments with what they liked but not so fun waiting 10-15 minutes for my sister to get her undergarments and then another 10-15 minutes just to try dresses on. At one point, I was in there tying her up into dresses because the consultant was busy. By the way, those dressing rooms are TINY for a bridal store!! Wow, two people were pretty squishy in there plus trying on dresses. I wish they would have given each bride her special time rather than squeeze people into time slots. The consultant was very knowledgeable about the dresses and picked many styles my sister wanted to try on. For our 2 hour appointment, she was able to try on about 10 dresses, which was great to see her in so many styles.To make a long story short, she did find a beautiful dress but wants to keep looking. I will say David's Bridal is nice for lower budget options and for brides who need a dress quickly.
2	I went here the other day to help my friend find a wedding dress. When we first got there we checked in and then were told that our helper (can't remember her name) was finishing up with some other clients and to take a look around. We were told to flip the dresses that we wanted outward instead of taking them out ourselves. We walked around for nearly 15 minutes after the appointment was booked.Finally the helper came over...but by this time someone had put some of the dresses back to normal because obviously on a Sunday we weren't the only ladies there. So that was frustrating. Next, it turned out they had barely any dresses in her size - what kind of bridal store doesn't carry a good range of dress sizes (she is not unsually small or large)? I surely didn't expect that. She pulled one dress for my friend to try on...which she ended up not liking (not their fault, of course).Then our helper dissapeared for 20 minutes. Because she had only pulled one dress we were just standing around. She had, I believe, more than 2 brides booked, which is silly because this is for their special day, you should make your customers feel good and that you appreciate them. I finally had to go tell a manager because I couldn't even find the helper in the store. The good thing here is that the manager came over herself, with the helper, and helped to pull dresses - THIS is why they get 2 stars instead of 1 because at least she tried to help the situation and listened to my concerns. However, even despite my friend showing her photos of what she was interested in (the poufy type fairy tale dress that is very common) she kept pulling dresses that were SO OFF of what she wanted. She didn't make the bride or any of the rest of us feel good about shopping there at all.  They also kept showing her dresses WAY above her budget!So we left feeling completely unsatisfied. It was nice that the manager tried to fix the situation but it still didn't help. We ended up at Adore Bridal boutique, where the consigned dresses are listed by size and she found the perfect dress.
1	I have to say, after going to several bridal shops, this David's Bridal was the absolute worst. This was the first place I went to try on dresses. I went with my mom on a Wednesday afternoon a couple months ago. The store was totally empty except for us and I had an appointment. The girl who was helping us pulled out some of the dresses I had marked online. She also gave me a special bra for the fitting...but she gave me the wrong size and did not tell me it was the wrong size (I thought I was shrinking!) because they didn't have my size. Really? It is a VERY common size. So, that alone made the dresses look weird. So I tried on a couple dresses, but wasn't really feeling them. I asked the girl (Meghan, I think) if she knew of any nontraditional or funky dresses I could try on and she brought out a few things, but they just were not my style. She didn't spend the time talking to me or looking at my picks from the internet to know what I wanted. Throughout this process, the sales lady would disappear for periods of time (don't know to where considering the store was empty) and I would have to sit around waiting. Then, I asked if I could try on a Vera Wang dress, and she informed me that they only had it in a size 4 (I'm a bridal size 8). I asked her if I could just slip it on open to get an idea of what it would look like. She refused. She held it up to me on the hanger, but would not let me set foot in it. Ridiculous! This sure as hell is not the way to sell dresses. After that move, I was done. I was totally insulted and didn't find anything special anyway, so I moved on. I would not recommend this to anyone.
3	The selection here is huge!  The initial fitting was attentive and the staff were pleasant and helpful.  They have a large selection of bridal and bridesmaid dresses, but are very limited in Mother of the Bride options. My main frustration is with their pressing service.  We brought in the dress for a final steaming and, when I went to pick it up on the day of the wedding, they couldn't find it.  They searched for 10 (heart-stopping!) minutes before finally locating it.  I'd definitely suggest picking it up two days before to avoid a possible heart attack.  The funny thing is, they didn't seem very apologetic about it.  It wouldn't keep me from shopping here again, but I'd be more savvy the next time.
1	Ugg the worst costumer service EVER!! And not only this place... They do not hire any competent people what so ever... even their managers. I had to order a bridesmaid dress since the girl at the Tucson location was incompetent. After 4 days passed its supposed arrival (wedding approaching in a week), and not receiving it (freaking out), I called to see where it could be. Called at 11 am for the mailing tracking number... it took the manager until 8pm!!! to get back to me for a freaking tracking number. On top of that, they ended up sending me two of the same dress... just so I can keep dealing with these morons.
2	So first off you need to make an appointment for David's Bridal really? So I called and scheduled an appointment for 5:30 on a Weds eve I arrive at 5:30 &/ told them I had made an appointment first they couldn't find it then they said oh never mind we did & by the way you're consultant is working with another bride so you will have to wait ? Well why did I make an appointment then I asked ? they took me back and grabbed some dresses for me to try on and the girl didn't even help I got the gowns on myself so why do we need appointment? I think this place is trying to compete in a market of giving great customer service where they failed miserably the girl told me after I was there 10 min she was off in 30 min but no rush ? So why tell me then you're off when I had scheduled appointment and had to wait very disrespectful of my time not helpful i would not recommend. If I was their corporate office I would rethink things they need to be more walk in friendly and respectful of people's time , I will give them their prices are great for brides on a budget and do have beautiful dresses but customer service lacks and that's huge for me . I'm still in search for my dress I did find one I liked there but won't purchase unless I get a discount for my experience .
3	Made an appointment this past weekend to visit this location while my sisters were in town visiting.  Maribel (my sales consultant) was very nice.  She looked over the two pages of dresses that I like from online and brought dresses that were similar in style and fit.  The manager came over and introduced herself during the visit and told me to let her know if I needed anything during my time there and she would be happy to assist.I loved the first dress I tried on, but tried on about 8 more, just to be extra sure.  The appointment only took about an hour and fifteen minutes.  Pros:My consultant was nice and attentiveManager introduced herself and was accessibleLots of choices for styles and sizing optionsCons:Small fitting rooms A la carte charges ($10 for a gown bag when you pay $600 for a dress seems a touch silly)MUST book an appointment and even if you do, the consultant is probably double booked (mine was - so she was running back and forth and would disappear at times making it awkward just standing there in a dress waiting)Overall: I found "the one" here and didn't pay a crazy price for it comparatively.  It's a chain store so I didn't have super high expectations going in, which helped!
1	We ordered bridesmaids dresses, and they came 3 months late, and in the wrong color. We then set up appointments for alterations. When we went in for alterations, we were told that they didn't have time to do it, and to go to another store. We were then given a ton of attitude by the staff, and were denied a chance to speak with a manager. Since then, they've added us to some sort of call list, where their 800 number calls us 6 times a day, and hangs up. I wish I could give them 0 stars.
1	I am really disappointed with the service and experience I had with this David's Bridal. Today I went in for shoes for my bridesmaids and the help I received was interrupted and just bad. They only had 3 of the 7 sizes I needed and when I asked questions regarding ordering them, their future shipments, etc. I got "unsure answers". I was frustrated but understood them not having all the sizes I needed. When I pressed for how I was going to obtain them, she never offered helpful information. It was only after I asked do other stores ship them to your location? No. Are you getting more in? Not sure. If other stores have them and I cannot drive there is there an option? It will be $15 to get them shipped per shoe/store. This was not great information or service. She gave me a list of a few locations that had some of the sizes but did not offer to call them to confirm. I left feeling unimpressed.Later, I called the stores she gave me and 2 of them did not have the sizes in stock that I was told. Now, I work in retail so I know your onhands can sometimes be off, but this disappointment could have been halted if she would have called to verify herself. I finally got a very helpful, friendly associate at the Avondale location (Jessica) and she did not have the shoes either (like the first associate said again) but she gave me options right away. She confirmed that she could ORDER the shoes and get them shipped to my closest location or to my house. An option I never heard from the Tatum location! I was happy to do this, and I even paid the one time $15 dollar fee to get them shipped to my house to avoid going back to the Tatum location and dealing with that horrible service. When Jessica was processing my order, she even made a remark that they didn't fill out any of my information correctly in the system and had to do a whole profile with me over the phone; even though I had been to the Tatum location twice (and purchased items both times). I wasn't going to put the employees name that helped me because I did not want to be rude, but please ensure management revisits training and what great service looks like with the employees working today, Saturday. I am not looking forward to picking up the shoes I already ordered... I hope I have a better experience then.
1	I walked into the Paradise Valley location on a whim one wednesday afternoon. No customers were in the store. The girl at the front told me to let her know if I needed to try something on. When I found something the girl up front was nowhere to be found. Someone else saw me but ignoredme. I had to ask someone for help. That girl sent a young girl to open the dressing room for me. I found her to be cold, phony and not enthused. The room was tiny and could barely fit me (i am 95pounds) and the dress together. When I came out the girl was gone. I stood there in the dress for several minutes. When she finally came over, she saw that this size four dress was swimming on my size two body but never took the initiative of pinning it. I had to ASK her to pin it. Cmon, do your job. I tried on another one and came out and again she was gone. I stood there with the dress swimming on me for several minutes til I decided the hell with this. I took the dress off, left it hanging in the dressing room and walked out of the store without anyone even knowing I left because once again, NO ONE WAS AROUND IN THIS EMPTY STORE! Common theme in these reviews. Do something about your lack of customer service because not many people will ever recommend this store.
2	Scheduled an appointment at the expo to just look at dresses. I received a confirmation for Sunday at 12:30 and we went. The experience wasn't that great. We tried both bridesmaids dresses and wedding dresses. I have to give credit to the lady that was assigned to us. She was helpful to the extent she could be. They had obviously overbooked and so the only time she had available was to take our dresses, hang them up, and give us rooms. She was nice but waaaayyyy overworked. We didn't need much help with the bridesmaids dresses, but when it came to the wedding dress, it was difficult because I had to wait to be given different dresses. Not all fit in the tiny room they give you. At one point I had to wait naked for awhile because the corset didn't fit and I had to ask my girls to hunt the assistant down to get a new one. My initial dresses didn't fit just because the large corset underneath, but rather than noticing the pucker, she just clamped me up. At one point I was switching the dresses out myself. I completely blame management for overbooking. On top of that the dress I did want was 'on sale' for $550. With the discount from their advertised sale it would have been $500. Looking online it was available at $500 on their website and a plethora of other websites (so no great deal.) will not go here again or suggest anyone else do so. Will go to another location and definitely a different day of week.
1	I live in NY but my wedding is in Phoenix. Since I found my dress at a lovely David's Bridal in New York, I assumed I would have a wonderful experience here - boy was I wrong.I made an hour long appointment to shop my Matron of Honor's dress, a flower girl dress, and dresses for my mother and MIL. I arrived for my appointment on time and had to wait 15 minutes before my consultant came over. We picked out all of our dresses in 30 minutes and were told by the consultant that there would be no problem..Well that was a lie...My MOH dress couldn't come in Iris unless we got it from the warehouse. The warehouse takes 12 weeks to ship! My wedding dress took 4 weeks, but a bridal party dress takes 12!?! It would arrive 2 days before the wedding, but that was NOT guaranteed. We spent the next hour trying on dresses, despite me asking can you tell me which dresses come in Iris? Every dress we selected didn't come in Iris - finally the manager helped us out and gave us a list of dresses.Additionally, the moms picked out dresses and again were told yes they came in the purple they wanted. My mother's and MIL dress didn't even come in purple! They both ended up getting dresses from the bridal party line. Which caused another problem since we couldn't get the purple we wanted.Finally after 3 hours we were ready to check out. The original consultant had put everything in wrong. My mom was assigned a dress she never tried on. My flower girl's size was incorrect. The purses we were written down not to be dyed (we wanted them purple). It took forever to fix.No, I'm sorry were given. No here's a coupon for your trouble. Instead here's a 15 dollar charge per item to ship.Please, DO NOT SHOP AT THIS STORE!
4	I was turned off by the other reviewers for this store and first checked out a boutique bridal dress store in downtown phoenix.  I put in a deposit but wanted to shop around so I decided to give David's Bridal a try.  My mom have mentioned it but I voiced by concerns due to the bad Yelp reviews.  I made an appointment for 2 pm on a Sunday and only waited a little bit for Maribel.  She took me to the dresses and I chose the ones that I wanted to try on and headed to the dressing room.  Yes, they are small and they have absolutely no mirrors.  Plus, you are given a bra and slip to try on under the dresses.  They aren't the best quality and ended up making some of my selections look bumpy and unflattering.  Won't be purchasing these though they are for sale.Maribel didn't help with the trying on of dresses, she just picked them out, put them up and took them out/put them back on their hangers and took the ones I didn't like away.  My bridesmaid (which I had with me) helped me in and out of the dresses but it worked perfectly.  Maribel was obviously paying attention because pretty soon there were other dresses I hadn't chosen appearing on the racks.  I tried every single one of them on.  My appointment was for 1 1/2 hours, but I never felt rushed (like I did at the boutique salon) and even though Maribel was also helping another bride, I never felt like she was absent.  She paid attention and brought dresses that I thought were flattering, pretty and matched what I was looking for and ended up bringing me not only "the dress" that I fell in love with (along with a couple others, no lie) but it was on sale, they were running a special promotion and it turned out so much better priced than the boutique salon.  Even losing my deposit that I put down at the boutique salon (because they don't give refunds) I am still coming in $500 cheaper than I would have paid for something that is actually better!I can also say that I feel now like I tried on EVERYTHING that I could have.  At the boutique salon I tried on maybe a handful of dresses, but at David's Bridal it almost seemed never ending.  I am much more certain of my choice at David's Bridal and I am exceedingly happy with my decision.  The prices are right, they have a HUGE selection and they give you the time you need.  I would recommend them to every bride looking for that perfect dress.  Sure, the dressing rooms are small and their undergarments are cheap but do not be put off by the negative comments.  I found my dress at David's Bridal and I could not be happier.
5	David's Bridal was the hero in my wedding story!  They saved me TWICE.  First, the bridesmaid dresses my girls ordered off-line were hideous and unwearable.  The ladies at David's Bridal patiently found me every dress in the color I wanted (a discontinued shade of peacock blue) available in the sizes I needed - they searched their entire stock - every warehouse in the country!! We found dresses that were super affordable and could be shipped in time. My girls looked AH.MAZE.ING. Next, after a serious let down with my boutique wedding dress alterations and overall experience, I came to them again - teary and broken-hearted with almost NO money to pay for a second wedding dress ONE WEEK before my wedding. Again, the ladies took me under their wings, found me every dress in my size (thankfully I fit perfectly into an 8 and wouldn't need it taken in cause there was no time for that) within my price range, and supported me through the process. I found THE DRESS, and when I cried, they cried. The seamstress swept me into the fitting rooms, pinned the length and bustle, and all for such a reasonable price that it was super clear I'd been totally overcharged by The Disaster Dress I already owned. My dress was rushed through alterations and ready to pick up days later. It was perfect and my day was saved!!  Throughout it all - the ladies at David's Bridal were caring, helpful, and supportive. They never once judged me for the mistakes I'd made not coming to them first and they were realistic with me; their goal always to find dresses I could have and not let me get hung up on things I couldn't (due to price and time). I owe them so much! They honestly saved the wedding!!!I have no idea how they could possibly have such bad reviews on YELP, though I'll admit that their overall reputation is what kept me from starting here in the first place. But I cannot say enough good things about the ladies at this location and my overall experience.
5	I bought the most stunning bridal gown and matching veil at this David's Bridal location. My designer, Ariana, deserves all the credit for finding it for me. She knew what I was looking for and she suggested dresses I didn't even think to try on.  I expected to pay thousands of dollars for such a beautiful and unique designer gown.  Alterations are very affordable, too. The Assistant Manager, Erica, was caring and very helpful and she made sure our experience was nothing short of wonderful. Thank you, Ariana and Erica!  With your help, I found the perfect gown for my special day.  I can't wait for my wedding day!
5	I walked in David's Bridal today looking for a mother of the groom dress and had outstanding help from Ariana today!!! She was extremely knowledgable about the dresses.  She was helping three different customers but still seemed to be there when each of us had questions. The quality and variety of the floor length dresses were what I had hoped for and I left feeling I had great success at this store. The manager was also very gracious.  Great job David's Bridal on Tatum Boulevard by PV Mall!!
5	Wow! So since we were on a budget we decided to go to the warehouse. I made an appointment 4 days before we would be there (coming up from prescott)  and was able to get in no problem. When I got there I was immediately greeted and met with my consultant Rhonda. Oh Rhonda! She took everything I said into consideration! I was set on the trumpet style dress, but was open to other styles. Rhonda ran around the store twice pulling dresses within our budget! I found my dress in our first round! I did try on 5 total, each with great merits and parts I had told her I wanted. But #3 was the one I fell in love with. Rhonda also helped alot as far as veils and tiaras went, bringing the whole experience into all that it would be on my wedding day! I met with a store manager as well (Erica I believe?) Who was extremely nice and offered any help she could provide. All in all the experience was more than I could hope for, and am so grateful for Rhonda helping me through one of the most taunting tasks of my wedding haha.
1	Let me start off by saying that as soon as I purchased my bridesmaid dress I was no longer assisted in any way possible. It's like as soon as they got their hands on my money, I didn't exist.  I was called about 3 weeks later and was told my dress was ready to be picked up. I went in the next day and the zipper was ripped before I even touched it.  I asked if alterations would be able to come see and assist me and the sales girl rolled her eyes at me.  As soon as alterations came out I showed her that the zipper was clearly ripped and she said yeah I can fix it and walked away, I'm like hello can you stand here minute and see if I need help anywhere else with the dress, and she had already started helping somebody else.  Again I had to hunt down another salesperson for help.  They told me I would have two weeks to pick up my dress after the alterations were done.  Two days later I received a voicemail that my dress would be available to be picked up, so I called back asking if it needed to be picked up tonight or of I still had two weeks, and the person on the phone was like, " I don't know what's going on with your dress, so I don't know what to tell you. " I'm like can you please find out, is this so difficult to verify a simple question and she replied " if that's what they told you, then I guess that's true." I am completely Unsatisfied with they service at this store.  I work in retail and would never treat a customer the way I have been treated by several of these employees.  I am usually not one to write a yelp review, but I actually signed up for an account to post one because of how horrible the service is here.  The only reason I shopped here is because my friend who lives out of state is having all her bridesmaids purchase here.  She, too, knows about the bad service and will be contacting her location as well. If I could give no stars I would. Will be contacting manager and corporate.
