5	Our vintage midcentury home needed a new AC unit to replace the almost 20 year old dinosaur on the roof. After getting wildly different quotes with different advice from 4 different AC companies I asked a contractor friend for advice on who to talk to. He told us to talk to Bill at Dunrite Air Conditioning.Bill gave us an extremely competitive bid and did not try to upsell us to a larger unit or one of the overpriced brands. Dunrite was more than willing to coordinate directly with our roofing company as we were installing a foam roof in the same week. Bill came out and double checked his installation after the roofers were done to ensure that both systems worked together as planned and that our new Nest thermostat was working to our satisfaction. Bill and his crew were professional, courteous and prompt. My wife and I are very happy with the job they did and would not hesitate to recommend them to a friend.
5	Dunrite Air Conditioning has got a customer for life!Am currently renting a home so it is not my own A/C unit. The unit is absolutely due for replacement and while I understand the owners of the home don't want to invest in a new unit we were in a pickle and it was a very hot pickle. Bill with Dunrite Air Conditioning came to the rescue and was able to keep the unit going enough to get us through the week. Then the unit gave out late on a Saturday afternoon, couldn't reach the property manager and then when I did they said there was nothing they could do until they spoke with the owners on Monday.   Bill couldn't make it this time due to short notice and prior commitments and he agreed to meet me early Sunday before church to see what he could do. Bill also offered to share cost of a hotel for me and my family, this was not his responsibility and he offered anyway!  Bill met me Sunday morning and found a way to get the unit going again. In my 29 years in Arizona I have dealt with many HVAC businesses and I had never until this experience been treated so well, even when I am technically not the actual customer. This family owned business has a love for humanity and it shows and that is why I will forever do business with Dunrite when we purchase our own home next year. Thank you Bill and Dunrite for your excellent customer service!
5	I would HIGHLY recommend Dunerite AC for your HVAC needs. When my old unit on my AZ room died I decided to replace it with a Daikin mini split system. I had gotten several quotes which were at best outrageous. I ended up calling Bill at Dunerite and to my surprise he came back with a quote that beat all others.  He also gave me the extra warranty (10yrs) on my system because he is a Daikin certified installer for no extra charge. All other installers were giving me the standard 5 yr warranty. He showed up to my house with his son and installed the unit in half a day. They were both very professional and knowledgeable. He also gave me free advice on my other system (5 ton) on how to make it more efficient. Since then I have done what he had recommended and my other unit performance has drastically improved. I was planning to replace this unit as well (thinking there was something wrong with it) but now there is absolutely no need for that. The only thing that the unit needed was an additional intake so it can breath easier. Bill is the only contractor that I call when I need to service my AC units.
