3	I'm giving this place 3 stars - 2 for food, and one for being non-smoking, a rare commodity in this area.Like many places in the area, they serve both Thai and Chinese.  I guess there's not enough demand for pure Thai restaurants, so the Thai places serve Chinese dishes as well.They have a good selection of lunch specials.  The food was just average - a little greasy, not super flavorful, though there was a good amount of it.If you need a respite from the smoke, pop in for a Thai Ice Tea.  If you want good Thai food, I'd look elsewhere, unless you're stuck in the area and need to find food pronto.
4	I just noticed this place when our Helldorado Days float went by it during the parade.  A few days later I checked it out.  It was pretty good.  I would say 3.5 stars.  The Beef Panang curry was very good, the chicken satay was good, but I didn't like the Larb.  I love Larb, but theirs was a little gritty-I assume from the spices in it.  I am happy to find another good place to eat for when I am Downtown.  This place isn't good enough as a destination Thai restaurant for me-I'd rather go to Thai BBQ or Lotus of Siam, but it is a happy downtown find.  i will go back again!They do delivery also.
4	I just noticed this place when our Helldorado Days float went by it during the parade.  A few days later I checked it out.  It was pretty good.  I would say 3.5 stars.  The Beef Panang curry was very good, the chicken satay was good, but I didn't like the Larb.  I love Larb, but theirs was a little gritty-I assume from the spices in it.  I am happy to find another good place to eat for when I am Downtown.  This place isn't good enough as a destination Thai restaurant for me-I'd rather go to Thai BBQ or Lotus of Siam, but it is a happy downtown find.  i will go back again!
3	Quick and simple works sometimes, especially when it's tasty-enough.Thai Vegas qualifies under all three.  They offer 14 great lunch specials with meat dishes in a variety of Thai sauces and a side of rice (and a spring roll and salad/soup).  The sauces available include curry, hot chili, mint chili and lots more--Pad Thai's also an option  The dishes aren't over-the-top amazing, but they're tasty enough to bring you back week after week for the lunch special.
1	Very, very disappointed, starting with the parking situation.  Then when you are in there it is dirty.  Ordered the combo fried rice, went home because after being there I had to get home to take a shower, fried rice was inedible.  Will never return there again!
3	Most of the food here is mediocre, not bad but not great either. However, this place is very convenient if you're craving for Thai food while hanging out on Fremont Street. Their lunch special items are very CHEAP, $5.95 and it comes with a cup of soup and fried rice. My favorite dish from this restaurant has always been the beef noddle soup. It's not a great noodle soup, but when it's cold and there's no other places nearby (chinatown is 15 drive away) that has asian noodle soup, this place will definitely do.
1	Trust me when I say that "this place is NOT an oasis of delicious food in a desert of generally mediocre food in downtown Vegas." This place serves exactly what you would expect from Downtown Vegas. I had the worst Pad Thai imaginable here. It was so gross. ugh.. and I came here based on what the previous reviewer had written. Obviously he must work there or is a friend of the owner. The pad thai was this bright orange plate of noodles with a few pieces of chicken in it. It was bad. man, i cant even put into words how bad it was. Word of advise, dont eat here.
5	I used to live in Thailand and I pretty much always find super Americanized Thai food.  This place is legit.  They serve southern style Thai food the way it is supposed to be served.  The people who work there are super friendly (also Thai style).  I order delivery from here pretty much at least once a week.  To the person who didn't like the pad thai I would recommend trying something else.  Pad Thai is pretty much only eaten by Americans and usually lacks the flavor and spice of the other dishes.  It is prepared to be less spicy and more bland.  The price can not be beat.  5.95 lunch special.  And my boyfriend and i order two days worth of food sometimes and it comes to $30.  If you are looking for something with little asian statues and nice decorating, you will be very disappointed.  It is literally like what you find traveling off the highways in Thailand.  Some table with plastic table clothes, mismatched dishes and silverware and delish food!
2	I appreciate their simple decor and their family-owned atmosphere, but the food is just okay. Pad see ew was way too sweet and overcooked to the point that the noodles kind of crumbled when you ate it, but the pad thai wasn't too bad. Sometimes I got some hard noodles. While the service was pretty good, I don't think we'll be back. Not when there are way better Thai places in Vegas (Lotus of Siam).
5	Yum.  Try 7 on the spicy scale
4	I will parrot some earlier comments - this place has the aesthetics of a soup kitchen...but check your attitude at the door; this place has FANTASTIC food of you know how to order.  If you are into "mild" thai, you may just be disappointed,  go to a chain.  If you are into REAL thai, COME HERE!  Helpful tip - they are brown-bag friendly and there is a liquor store around the block, back up Freemont...be prepared and order two levels of hot above your normal.  STRAP IN, it's worth it.BOOOOO  This fabulous dive has closed - also, don't bother with the Thai place across the strip on fremont.  See review: it sucks.
5	Its a hole in the next to everything in downtown. The food is absolutely awesome and the staff are the one that you want to tip!!!
4	Great food, great prices. Good place to go during lunch time as their specials offer a lot of food for a modest price. I had their pad thai and it was delicious. It came with soup, vegetables and rice (not sure if this was due to been a lunch special) and it was all priced at $5.95. Service was good and the waitress did her regular checks around the table to ensure we were satisfied.The only things that hurts this restaurant is not been located on the strip (this might be the reason for the modest prices). If you are hitting the old downtown in Vegas, make sure to make a stop at this restaurant and have one of their special, you wont be disappointed. Another issue was the decor, it is Thai decor, but it isnt the most attractive restaurant. It feels more like a old dinner/thai restaurant. If you are just looking to have good food and dont mind the looks of the restaurant, I highly recommend it.
2	I had high expectations of this place before I went.On a side street, hole in the wall, dated decor, and no crowds - GREAT, my kind of place.The restaurant deserves 2 stars for not being in a casino and having a laid back ambiance.The food, meh.  I ordered a few things just to sample them and they were rather bad actually.  The tofu was overcooked, the duck (I know I shouldn't have ordered at a place like this) was chewy and did not have a lot of meat.Might be OK for a quick lunch but beyond that forget about it.  Extremely unhealthy food.  Trans fat, MSG, and loads and loads of salt.  Well this stuff should make anything palatable and that was barely the case at Thai Vegas. The owners/staff were nice, it's not crowded, and the food is a pass - So 2 stars it is.
4	Very affordable and tasty in a diner type atmosphere. Very friendly people.
4	The Yellow Chicken Curry was sooooooo good.  My co-worker had the Mongolian Beef and said it was delicious.  The people are nice and friendly.  Great place for lunch.
3	Their lunch specials are something else!  I enjoy the Pad Thai with steamed rice.  It comes with an egg roll and a "salad" i.e. just a few pieces of lettuce in the container.  This is more of a place to order from than to eat in.  Usually, a large group of us from the office will order together.  The staff are good about putting it on individual's credit cards.  If I am feeling cheap (for go delivery charge and tip) and want to step out of the office for a few minutes, I will pre-order and go and pick it up.  So, I have seen the inside.  The tables are kind of eclectic and mismatched.  Yellow curry is also decent.  Mint chili chicken is also tasty.This is a decent lunch place in the downtown area.
4	I visit this place a few times a month. Great duck soup!
4	A very surprising place! First it's on a side street near the fame downtown Freemont street and second, it looks like a run down american place...However, the Thai food is great and they make it really spicy if you ask for it! I particularly like the "Tom Kha Gai" (chicken coconut soup) which  you can order in a hot pot and share. The green curry is also one of my favorites here and so is the "Nua Num Tuk" (beef salad thai style).Based on what I saw and other critics, I think it's fair to say that you should have Thai food here and avoid any chinese items.
3	Thai Vegas was recommended to me by a co-worker recently so I thought I would give it a try for lunch.  I am pleased with it.  I ordered the Red Chicken Curry lunch special (#7).  A different co-worker ordered the Beef Pepper Steak (#6).  I rather enjoyed my curry.  It was remarkably fragrant with a flavor to match.  It was sweet from the coconut milk yet spicy enough to easily clear my sinuses.  It was the perfect balance of sweet and spice without overwhelming my palate or the other flavors of the curry with the bamboo, bell peppers and chicken.  My one complaint with it is that it was not as thick and creamy as some other similar curry dishes I've had from other local Thai establishments.  Another minor complaint is that the salad did not seem to have a dressing.  There was a cup of warm sweet and sour type sauce I assume was for the rice.  I used it on the salad and put my curry on the rice.  All in all, for $5.95 I got an egg roll, salad, fried rice and curry.  Plus there is no delivery fee.  I could not ask for more.  Is this my favorite Thai restaurant? No, but it is good and relatively affordable.  I will likely go back again in the future. As for the three star rating, I would prefer to give 3.5.  I cannot give a four star rating based on my co-workers comments of it not being as good as Maui Rose, a place she likes but cannot really be compared as it is Hawaiian rather than Thai.  She said the rice was too starchy and the beef was not tender.  For this, I must give only three stars.
1	So far, my worst Chinese food experience ever! My mistake though, as I should have known better when I entered the restaurant. Atrocious decor, no one to greet me, and only a couple eating there. But I was craving for Asian food, and this place was right next to my hotel. I ordered egg rolls + Orange chicken (which came with steamed rice). The rolls were so greasy that I truly started to feel nauseous. The worst was the Orange chicken. In my book, the chicken has to be tender inside and crispy on the outside... Well, it was literally dried! I almost choked on it! When the waitress took away the half full dishes, she did not bother ask me if everything was fine... She knew better! Thank God for the fortune cookie as it was the only good food I had there!
5	great staff awesome food ... you get a lot for the price .. the place doesn't look that nice from the front, but i promise you the panag curry is the best you will find
