5	This is their third location and it is beautiful. Wow... This is one of the nicest boba tea places I've ever been to. The boba is the best in town. All the ice cream flavors are homemade and absolutely amazing. Not to mention, their staff is very friendly as well. I recommend this place to anyone!
2	Heard this place recently opened. There are two other locations which I should have gone to. Honestly the worst boba place I have ever gone to. The boba was hard..like uncooked. So disappointed. Definitely needs some work.The ice cream was delicious though. I recommend the lychee. The stars are for the ice cream.
5	It's a beautiful place to be in. The menu on the wall is so creative! It really draws me in to order something. I got a scoop of cookies and cream and it was amazing!
5	I love the fact that all of their ice cream is homemade and that they also have vegan options! I'm obsessed with their pistachio ice cream, which is super soft and creamy. I've tried their other flavors also, and was not disappointed. The staff is also something worth mentioning. Everyone there is super friendly and helpful. The atmosphere, the ice cream, and the people make this a sweet hangout spot!
5	This boba place is one of the best locations I have ever been to. The boba is just the way it should be, soft and chewy and the homemade ice cream is to die for. As for a bonus,  the employees are also extremely kind. I am always going back for more and I would most definitely recommend this place to family and friends.
5	This place is amazing! Their flavors are unique, homemade, and very delicious. The staff is friendly and overall atmosphere is just great! Definitely a place to check out.
5	I went to this store the other day, they have a big selection if boba and ice cream.All their ice cream is home made, but what I like most is that they have a vegan selection of flavors as well!Cheapest boba in Chinatown and one of the softest at that. I would really recommend you to try this place if you're in the area!
4	A humble beginning... Likely to come back and see what else they have to offer..Quality is definitely a nice touch to the ingredients they use! Kinda over stocked and it shows on the walls::This is definitely a stop and go place no real place to sit down:: but have a nice bar for a intimate sit down.. Liked the ice cream... I'm not a boba fan-- but I like the taro tea::
4	I'm from outta town so I didn't know this was their 3rd location.  Here's what I saw:1/2 the store was boba supplies.  they'll sell you anything and everything that has to do with making boba up in there.  I don't know if that's useful or not, or how any people see it and say.."hey! well let's just make our own darn boba at home!"ordered 4 drinks and they were good.  not the typical slush where it's ice and syrup.. they do the whole powder routine, but it was very good.menu is VERY simple.  drinks and some ice cream.  I don't know how long they'll be able to last there with such a menu and at that location.. but I wish them luck!!plus.. the girl working there was hella cute too~ ;)
3	Perfect scoop is a small local ice cream and boba chain here in Vegas. They boast homemade ice creams and fresh made boba teas, slushes, and smoothies. My friends and I went there to try there ice cream. The ice cream was delicious. I tried each and every flavor and ended up getting the pink guava. The flavor was on point and the ice cream had great body. I am subtracting stars for the fact that the sore was messy. I understand that they also sell wholesale providing other local businesses and shops with necessary products but it didn't look clean. Furthermore, behind the counter was so messy that it was scary. There was a giant puddle of water on the ground and it didn't look like they took time to clean any of the sinks and other counters. The saving grace was the service. The one person working was kind and helped us out with choosing flavors. He allowed us to sample the flavors and also helped us narrow down our choices.
3	I have driven by this place with the intention of stopping by on quite a few occasions, but after our date night dinner we had a bit of a sweet tooth and the perfect cure for that was The Perfect scoop.While perusing the menu we were offered samples of any flavors we wanted to try. I tried the durian ice cream while my fella sampled a few of his favorites. The durian was really good, I'll probably be getting a scoop of this the next time I'm there. My fella combined flavors and ordered a red bean and black sesame milkshake and I went safe with a lavender milk tea. The wasn't my favorite, so I'll skip that next time. The milkshake was delicious. Perfectly thick and not overly sweet. You have the choice of milk or almond milk, which is a nice touch.With three more Groupons to redeem I will be back and I can't wait to make it a regular dessert spot in Chinatown.
2	Meh. My family came with my vegan friends last Saturday and we were really let down. They typically stock only 3 vegan flavors, and 1 of them was out... All they had was vegan vanilla & vegan peanut butter cookie. I was REALLY REALLY craving the peanut butter chocolate chip vegan shake I had at the other location. So, then we move on to the regular flavors. They were out of cookies & cream and only had "asian" flavors" + vanilla & cookie dough. My husband & I were sharing since the shakes are so large, but we couldn't agree on a flavor because he doesn't like "asian" flavors. He turned me down when I suggested lychee, black sesame, and red bean. Durian was certainly out of the question, and green tea was out of stock... We ended up settling on a milk tea & a jasmine green tea milk tea with almond milk for me. Since I was with my vegan friend, I asked to see if the jasmine milk tea would be vegan, since I suggest almond milk, but when he showed us the bag, it had some weird milk protein that she couldn't have in the green tea. Bummer. The guy was very nice, although the girl working seemed SO clueless on how to make anything. She had to ask him everything, like "do we have this flavor" when she could have walked over and checked... He said because they just opened, they will be getting in more flavors soon and knew that they were limited. I'd say not very kid friendly as they only have high bar stools & 2 tables with high bar stools (1 which had employee stuff strewn about).... Overall, I have 1 more groupon left to spend at this place. I will come back in a couple of weeks. Hopefully they will have received more flavors by then.
3	Saw this place up on Groupon a few times, and positively reviewed by Yelp Elite Teri C. (other location though), and finally got a chance to swing by for a treat with my guy. Location is hard to find. Drove by it twice without seeing it. The signage in the plaza is a little ...messy, so it was hard to notice. The exterior building signage above the door does not light up, and in fact might be a tarp- making it difficult to find while driving on the busy section of Spring Mountain, unless you know exactly where it is.Once you're inside, it's hard to tell if this place is open for business or not. The most visible wall is covered with shelves of what appear to be restaurant supplies? Bags of mixes and boxes of stuff- maybe other restaurants shop here for their boba making materials? Or else they just don't have a place to store their stock, as there was also a large number of packaged boba stacked along another wall. It's odd to say the least.But eventually you notice the chalkboard menu and counter, and a young guy talks you through the menu with recommendations for his favorites. It bothers me a little that it's a chalkboard menu, yet they don't erase what's out of stock- it seems like their menu lists all of their potential offerings but you are limited to what's on hand. Seems to make things unnecessarily difficult but oh well.Tried the black sesame and pink guava ice cream flavors at employee's recommendation- I preferred the former while Bf preferred the latter, so we went with a scoop of each. I didn't finish mine but loved the flavor, BF ate his til his stomach hurt. Texture was good for both, very creamy. Maybe take your treat to go, chairs are uncomfortable and look very cheap.TLDR: product is good, location is hard to find and messy/disorganized. Maybe try another location.
3	they have very good homemade ice creams and vegan ice creams! the only thing that bothers me was the atmosphere and being unorganized. My two friends and i walked in and we got greeted, but the place was unorganized. there was two high bar tables the other table has a purse of one of the employees and the other one has two bottled waters (the other one was opened and the other one was not) and there was almost empty soda bottle on the table, the staff didn't even bother to remove it from the table. i think they should prioritize the   cleanliness and organization of the shop.
4	Being a milk tea fan for countless years, I have to say that this place has the BEST milk tea in town. Unfortunately, 75% of the time I go, the door is locked. I usually go during my lunch hour, which ranges from 12pm - 2pm, and 7 out of 10 attempts, no one is there. Sometimes if you're lucky, they will have a sign on the door saying that they will be back in 15 mins, but sometimes no notice at all. This gets extremely frustrating, especially if you've waited all morning to get that cup of tea. But with all that aside, I will still go back, cuz their milk tea is just that good. Except next time (or tomorrow), I'll call before I go. :)
2	I'm all about homemade ice cream and have been to The Perfect Scoop & Boba Tea's two other locations.  This particular location warrants a totally different experience although technically the product should be the same.  One of the biggest differences is that they sell bulk items of powders, mixes, toppings, straws, etc.  It can look rather warehouse-like since it's where they keep inventory.  But if you're in the market, then it's a good thing.On our first visit, the restroom was flooded.  Sure, that couldn't be helped and maybe a nice sign on the door advising customers that it was out of order would have sufficed.  At this particular location, you cannot look into the ice cream case like almost all ice cream stores allow.  Therefore, you are basing your decision purely on what's listed on the menu posted rather than what looks visually appealing.  (Of course, you can ask for samples too.)  However, keep in mind that although it's posted on the menu, you still have to ask if they have it.  The menu does not reflect what they currently have in stock.  One of the things I enjoyed from their other location was their Green Tea Milkshake.  When I attempted to order it from here, they had the green tea ice cream but they were out of soy and almond milk.  So, I was stuck with regular milk.  (This ultimately meant anyone looking for a vegan milkshake was out of luck.)  They were out of a quite of few vegan ice cream flavors too, and I saw a few customers leave once they discovered this.On our second visit, I attempted to call three times to ask about specific flavors before making the drive over.  No answer.  Were they even open?  When we arrived, they were open.  I asked the girl working what the phone number was and she had no idea.  Then she told me their phone wasn't working either. Okay. (Their credit card machine was down too.)The restroom was working this time, but there was no toilet paper, paper towels, or soap.  Not a good sign.The same girl was working and she was by herself again.  When she was helping my party, a guy came in and turned on the lights.  (Apparently they were off.)  He stood by the register and started flipping through the receipt book. I asked if he was the owner and he said he was the partner.  There was obviously quite a few customers waiting in line and one would think he'd jump in and help out but this was not the case.When I asked again about soy milk or almond milk, she said they were out.  And so I asked about regular milk and she said they were out of that too.  (I had watched her make three milkshakes already.)  So, what was she using?  Half and half.  Oh. Hmm...half and half?  At this point, I had waited so long for my milkshake I just said okay.  Well, it was a mistake.  It didn't taste the same and for someone who is lactose intolerant, it sure affected me differently.  I won't be having a milkshake made with half & half anytime soon.Other things that could use some serious improvements are how the staff are taught to rinse/wash the items.  For example, the ice cream scooper and Vitamix tamper stick were rinsed and she used her hand to 'rub it' under the water.  And watching her loose long hair hang over the deep freezer is not a good thing.  Rubber floor mats behind the counter are a necessity, especially when you can see how wet the floor is.  And ultimately, anyone running a register should know basic addition and subtraction, especially for simple transactions.  On both occasions we had to help her with transactions because she entered them into the register incorrectly.  I blame the management on the poorly trained staff, the lack of basic supplies, and the lack of teamwork.  We were glad to use up the last of our Groupons here because we have no intention of coming back.
1	I LOVE the perfect scoop on Tropicana and Fort Apache- but this one... Not so much. We bought the groupon a couple of months ago and thought we would have no problem using it, since we grocery shop at Sprouts which isn't far from here. Boy was I wrong. We have only been here once when it was actually open. The hours posted mean nothing. They supposedly open at noon each day, but I waited 15 minutes last week after grocery shopping and no one was there to open the store or answer the phone. Today we went at 1pm, an hour after they were supposed to be open, and no one is here again. How do you tell your two year old you've promised ice cream that she isn't getting it again? You take her somewhere else. I hate that I bought a groupon for this location and am stuck with it. What a waste of money. I will stick with the other locations from now on and not waste my time trying to come back here.
4	Got the durian boba smoothie and it was pretty good. Will go back.
5	This place is great, i love all the ice cream they have there. It's wonderfully made and it's homemade which makes it even better! It's probably one of the cheapest boba shops in Chinatown regarding price and it's pretty good. I would recommend anyone to go sometime!
4	I love their boba... it is soft and chewy... Their smoothies are good with fresh fruit.....
3	=* YELP CHECK-IN DEAL: $2.50 for Boba Milk Tea or Slush *=So on our trip in Vegas, we were craving for a hydration fix and decided to check this place out. When you walk in, you will notice that the place is kind of small and divided, in which 1/2 of the room is storage of all the powders, drink products that they use and I think you can purchase them to make your own drinks. The other 1/2 is  a few high table and chairs along with the cash register and kitchen.When we went in, we could tell that the workers there were new, but they were still nice. We ordered the Passion Fruit and Blueberry slush. The drinks were refreshing, however a bit too sweet for me. The cups are huge! Probably at least 24 oz (that's 3 cups right there!), and eventually the extra sweetness overpowered the drink. I was disappointed that this place does not use real fruit but just syrup, ice, and powder.I've been to other places in Vegas where they mix real fruit in their drinks for slushes (you can taste the fruit fibers!). I was a bit disappointed. This location for the Perfect Scoop recently opened, so I can only wish them good luck with their business and hope that they change things up and use real fruit because that's the way to go for slush! =)
2	I'm only giving this place 2 stars because the vegan ice cream taste deserves 5 stars.  I was incredibly upset that the lady behind the counter spoke zero, yes, zero English.  I even pointed to the item I wanted on the large chalkboard on the wall (a vegan milkshake) and she said milk tea?  I was like, "No, a vegan chocolate milkshake" about 6 times I tried, to no avail.  Walked out with a scoop of vegan chocolate, which I somehow felt grateful to get.  Ice cream is incredible but will never return to this location.  Will only go to Jones & Warm Springs location or S. Ft. Apache.  Shame.
1	What can I say about this place.  Well, one thing for sure is it's surprising to me this place is still in business and ran by the same people.  The first time I came no vegan ice  cream. Ok tried again, this time calling ahead asking if they had it in stock. Yes he listed the ones they had so we decided to go. When we got there, boxes were all over, place was in disarray.  We could barely understand him and he had no idea what was in the ice cream or what it was made with. He than told us it was no nig deal bc vegan wasn't that big of  a difference. We walked out and went 5.8 miles to the one on Ft. Apache. She said the ice cream was homemade and they owned the one on spring mnt as well.
2	This store is a hybrid boba supply spot and Perfect Scoop. It really is a totally different experience than what you expect, and should have. There are just a handful of seats, a couple tables, and that's it. There has been someone different working there every time I've been and each person has been less and less knowledgeable. Also, the product has been different every time. This makes no sense.I go to all three locations. Each one has a different product. How is that possible? Don't they get it from the same place, with the same people? Nope. For example, I like to get the vegan banana chocolate chip. At the Jones location it is quite yellow, and uses carob chips. At this location, it's white, less banana flavor, and normal chocolate chips. The all the milk tea is now powder as far as I can tell. Boba is consistently overbrewed and pretty disgusting.I will not be coming back.
1	I've been wanting boba for a few days now and this was on my way home so I stopped by it. At first, I was seriously confused as to whether this place was open and as to what kind of place it was. It looked like the spot where all boba places get their boba whole sale stuff from. There were boxes everywhere and shelves of wholesale sized syrups and powders. Then I saw the menu on the wall and I must admit, it was really cute. Anyway, I asked for a taro milk tea with boba and the guy told me there was no boba, that they had run out. How are you already out of boba at a boba place on a Wednesday afternoon??? How frustrating!!! All I wanted was boba! I ended up getting a Thai tea smoothie with lychee pearls and I was pretty 'meh' about it. The guy said he wouldn't charge me for the lychee pearls but I later realized that he did. Then I came to yelp to see what kind of reviews this place had and saw that I could've unlocked an offer had I checked in here which mayyyyybe would've helped me being annoyed at the whole "no boba" situation. I actually don't even know why even bought anything here... I should've just gone slightly out of the way to No. 1 Boba. I did see that they offered vegan options though so that was pretty neat, though I can't tell you whether it's good or not.
2	Got a Groupon for it...thought we should try since we were vacationing in Vegas in April.  When we got there, there was a guy there.  He said it's his first day.  Everything we tried to order, he had trouble making.   I tried to order a "special" on their menu and he said he didn't know how to make it.  Then we order a Passion fruit green tea and he actually had to call someone (maybe the owner?) to get instruction.  I can't believe that nobody was there just to help him out.  It was his first day and they just left him there all by himself.  So we thought we be nice and just order some ice cream...how hard would it be to mess up on ice cream?  All you need to do is just scoop out the ice cream right?  So we ordered the mint chocolate chip...he looked through all the container and couldn't find it.  He kept asking us what we ordered.  Had to tell him a couple of times that it was mint chocolate chip. Finally he gave up and said they didn't have it...REALLY???   We were so frustrated that we just left.  Never going there again...there are lots more option around that area.
5	It is so nice to finally find an ice cream shop that has Asian flavors!! I tried their durian and sesame ice creams. Durian was very spot on-- great for durian lovers! I've had sesame ice cream at restaurants but The Perfect Scoop had the best.
3	After lunch nearby my friends and I came for dessert. One friend that went first got ice cream and it was not right at all. One of the flavors was very sticky and chewy which means over churned with too much thickener. The other 2 flavors were also sticky, but not as badly. My friend regretted getting three scoops as it went in the trash. It wasn't subtle. Something that was that messed up shouldn't have been served. Unfortunately, you can't see the ice cream so you can't pick on what looks appealing. Ask for samples, if possible.I went with what I thought would be safe - a matcha smoothie. It was more sweet green tea ice cream flavor than matcha. It was alright, but I wish I knew it was sweetened so I would have ordered something else.A few others got beverages and said it was okay. One got with boba which was too soft.I don't know if Perfect Scoop is now a franchise or sold off entirely to someone new, but this isn't like my experience at the original location with the owner.
5	Great customer service, the wall is handwritten nicely and drawn with super heroes, it's so cute! Their boba's super soft and did I mention Asian ice cream flavors? Wow what more can I ask for!
1	I have always been a big Perfect Scoop fan until I came to this location. I have been here 3 times and each time was a bad experience. I bought a Groupon at first and so had to use it up in the beginning. After that I decided to give it another shot and no change even though each time I came it was a different person working there. First time-worker was unable to understand how to enter Groupon numbers and it took a long time for him to try and figure things out. He eventually just wrote down my Groupon number on a small piece of paper. He said he was the owner. They were out of about half of the Vegan selections which are available. I don't like that they have ice cream flavors posted but half of them are not available. Why not just post what is available. I like how the other location you can see the ice cream in tubs and know what is there, which is a lot less confusing. The bathroom was closed and they said it was unable to be used since he did not have time to buy toilet paper he said. I didn't think this was good for customers who needed to use the bathroom! They had no to go containers for ice cream with a  top, so they put it in a large cup. Second time-Again most of the vegan flavors unavailable. Had to ask about flavors and the girl seemed unaware of what they had and did not have. She took an order for a boba smoothie drink for another customer and he was commenting how he couldn't wait to try that flavor combo, then about 5 min later she realized they run out of that ice cream and she told him and he got upset. He ended up walking out and not ordering anything. He said the same thing I was thinking, why is it posted if it's not available. I finally decided they must just not want to erase their chalkboard and rewrite it. Not cool. This time, they had no to go containers again. Their regular ice cream cups, they had no tops for. I said I wanted it to go. She put it in the cup and I said ok I need a lid since it's to go and she said she forgot (really? I was the only customer. I guess it's hard to remember something simple like for here or to go). So she then took my ice cream and dumped it into a large cup. That's great and all, but now she has transferred it and it looked awful (see pic). It still tastes the same, so not that big of a deal, but presentation I think is important. The worst part was when I got home the cup had "Taro Milk Tea" written on the cup!!!! Um is this a reused cup? Or did they start to make a drink and then decided not to and put the cup back with the cups? I don't understand why this cup wasn't thrown away!? Really unsanitary!Third time-yup surprised I ever came back but we had a friend in town and we were near the strip and he only eats healthy things, so I knew he would love Vegan ice cream. This time, the guy didn't know how to clear the last person's transaction on the register so he had to calculate our ice cream and this was a nightmare. He could not add to save his life. When I gave him $ he was literally using his fingers to figure out change and I told him what the change should be, but he did not believe me and was trying to calculate on his own. Really challenging for him! He was way off! I think basic math skills should be required when you are in charge of the company's money and cash register. We finally walked out after a big ordeal and he said "Wait I did not charge you for your friend's ice cream." What? After all that, why would you only charge me for part of our order? He was clearly struggling with the job. I will not be back. Sad to say.
