5	DC Ranch. Wow. What a spread. And this is not the place where they make the ranch dressing. That, my friends, is Hidden Valley. Here at DC Ranch north of the 101 up Pima and just off Thompson Peak, is a unique collection of upscale shops and restaurants (included are a veterinary clinic and dry cleaner). The architecture is first rate mixing the use of concrete, glass, stone and metal creating a Main Street (known as Market Street) for the high end, waspy, upscale desert inhabitants. I lived here for a year or so and loved it. It is soooo far from the rest of civilazation, god forbid you want a bean burrito at 1a.m.,  cuz guess what??? u ain't gonna find it! Although the folks who fill, wander and shop the streets of DCRanch are seemingly wealthy, white, conservative folks, a sort of small town folksiness seeped in and made me happy.
3	Personally, I think DC Ranch was built on an Indian burial ground!  Ok, maybe not... but, honestly there is no reason to go to DC Ranch unless you live near the area.  I lived there before DC and it was great to finally have a grocery store/restaurants close to my house, but the boutique shopping is pretty much laughable.  There is one store that might be worth your while and most of the restaurants (or an equivalent) can be found in additional locations throughout the valley.  There is nothing bad about DC Ranch- it is a pretty little center in an upscale neighborhood, but it has nothing special enough about it to draw my patronage now that I have moved!That said, if you live in the area it is extremely convenient and has some good restaurants and a relaxed desert atmosphere.  Have a sip at the Armitage wine bar, enjoy some creative sushi at Blue Wasabi, get decent (not going to blow your socks off, but will satisfy your craving) Mexican food at San Felipe, buy some pretty flowers for your lady at the Bloom Room, get groovy with live music in the bar at Eddie V's, and attend the family oriented events at DC if you're apart of the NoSco community.   Otherwise, you can find all DC has to offer in a neighborhood near you!
1	Wanted zer0 stars- Love living here, but Mkt St is a fake and so is Danny Little- He's little- doesn't return calls and living in a dream about what is going on re this fake nice place to live and frequent
5	Welcome to a fairytale in the desert. From the minute I enter until the minute I leave, I feel like I'm in pleasantville. Everything about DC Ranch is clean, cute and comfortable. From the houses to the market street, everything is top notch. Over the years, DC Ranch has taken a little turn. What started as the all-in-one community equipped with nightlife, day-life and living essentials, has transformed into more of a community without so much of the nightlife -- and I think that's a good thing. I will begin with Market Street. This is the area that has transformed over the years and with it, the nightlife style bars have vanished. I think this has allowed DC Ranch to turn into more of a homey community rather than the next Old Town. Several restaurants still line the streets, and very popular ones at that. On of my favorite wine bars is still there and there are several boutique retail stores. It's a nice shopping area to walk around on a weekend. Now moving on to DC ranch, the community. The houses in DC Ranch are like little castles. The architecture is pretty and the houses are private and in a community at the same time. Within the community, residents have a "club" equipped with a pool, playground, tennis courts and community area. This is perfect for families and makes it a community with real neighbors. Each section is behind gates as well. I think that DC Ranch is a great option for a family with small children who want to live in a safe and enclosed area.
1	If you are considering buying in DC Ranch I would re-consider.  Market Street is a joke every shop in there has turned over at least 3 times.  The HOA is just short of Hilteresque.  A simple re-fi on my property cost me almost $2,000, which of course negated any savings.  STAY AWAY!  You can get the same value and views in McDowell Mtn or other nearby locations without Big Brother watching over you.
