3	Celebrated a personal milestone here with the bf and his long time buddy.  He hadn't made it to San Fran yet to visit, so we brought SF to him!  The decor of this posh spot did our fine city justice... polished wood, earthy tones, sparkling glass, black & white photos, and a wall-sized piece of art to jazz up the atmosphere.  We had reservations but they needed a moment to "set up" our table, so they ushered us into the lounge.  We were barely seated before the bartender came over to get us drinks while we waited.  We ordered a round and received them just as the hostess conveniently had our table ready... choreographed to perfection.We were seated at our "set up" table... white linen and crystal among other equally "set up" vacant tables. They immediately brought out a selection of breads, which they placed on a heater in the middle of the table, and a variety of butters.  As we took a look at the wine list, we realized nothing was under a buck!  We settled on a half bottle and some appetizers- classic cheese fondue and heirloom salad.  The fondue was perfect but the heirlooms were a disappointment...  the natural flavor was wiped out with balsamic vinegar and cheese.  Yet, the menu looked promising... Michael Mina creations that intended to capture the taste of SF.  We each chose a main course- North Beach Cioppino, Hawaiian Big Eye Tuna, and Seared Duck Breast.  The cioppino was surprisingly delectable... big chunks of crab and mussels in a yummy tomato broth.  The tuna was eh... the sauce they used to compliment dulled out the fish.  The duck breast was pretty run of the mill... nothin' to yelp about.  We ordered another half bottle and enjoyed the quiet ambiance, some convo, and an after dinner drink.  All in all, the setting was delightful, the service was a little awkward, the cuisine down-right average, and the bill obviously outrageous.  I doubt any SF lover would be impressed by anything but the design but definitely high end if that's what you have in mind.
4	In his Nob Hill restaurant at the MGM Grand, Michael Mina has created new twists on homestyle cuisine inspired by the eateries of San Francisco.  The food here is always fresh and different with a surprising turn that you don't always expect.  The charcuterie is great and the selection of wine complements it well.  The bread is fresh baked and amazing.  Every entree is delicious with a twist.Is not the best value for the food, and the wait can be a bummer.
5	Except for the deranged car-salesman/motivational speaker who sat next to us I recently had my second near-perfect dining experience at Nobhill.  The Trio of Veal is probably not for everyone but the Lobster Pot-pie (which I have tasted each time) should be a favorite of any animal eating foodie.
4	This classic Michael Mina restaurant located inside the MGM has stood the test of time. With a new restaurant opening up weekly, Nobhill has been there down the quiet row up marble stairs. I sat at the bar for drinks and appetizers last week before a show. The San Francisco themed (loose translation) restaurant really does deliver. Get the meat and cheese plate and a glass of wine and you ll leave feeling satisfied and fabulous!
4	Nobhill is definitely a cool place to go. Michael Mina's got a good thing going here. However some of the dishes I found really salty. It was cool because it was last minute and I was ready to get my grub on. But sitting down and being used to eating anything that fits in a small bowl, the food was very filling. As an employee special I was able to get a Chef's tasting menu. It was ok. I was actually expecting more, but for what it is, it isn't bad. The staff was very friendly, it's casual friendly walking in. Dress code - no flip flops - no hats. Bread was brought to the table, a walnut bread, classic sourdough, and olive loaf. It was accompanied by a creamed butter, a roasted red pepper butter, and a toasted coconut butter. The trio was definitely excellent. The appetizers came with a vengence. Ok I got cheesed out on the classic cheese fondue with San Fransisco sourdough. Very good flavors. The cheese started burning though...There was a garlic clove that I devoured and a fresh bay leaf in the fondue pot. Very traditional and tasty. The roasted yello bell pepper soup was delicious with it's langosteen pieces. They don't tell you that in the menu. But definitely one of the best soups I've had. The crme fraische was subtle and it cut on the salt. The filet of beef was good. It was kobe. Thinkin American. Very tender. Shallot potato cakes came in a trio, one with grilled asparagus another with looked like trumpet mushrooms, and finally greens. Not sure what kind though. I had the cioppino. It came with clams, mussels, crab, shrimp, salmon, and sea bass. Then they pour this tomato broth over it. Different from any cioppino I've had. But it was a huge dish. Lots of pieces of fish. They also had a diver scallop in it cooked to perfection. A tasting of creamed potatoes accompanied both dishes. - YEP tiny portions but really I was full already. There was traditional mashed potatoes(eh a lil salty for my taste), wasabi(a lil sweet with some heat), horseradish(WHOA way too strong), sour cream and chives(Yums), bacon and cheddar(Mmm) but I'm kinda dieting right now...Desert came in a trio of strawberries with sorbet and a basalmic reduction. The strawberry slices were the sweetest I've ever had. The raspberry cheesecake was tastey. Not too sweet. Thick crust and great raspberry puree. There was a molten chocolate cake which is starting to be a staple of zzzz....only because really....WHO DOESN'T HAVE MOLTEN CHOCOLATE CAKE...or LAVA CAKE? But whatever, please the tourists. The chocolate was a little bitter. Not too sweet. Eh. It wasn't my favorite. The first two definitely got a devouring from me. It's a tough call with this place. I don't think it deserves 5 stars. Maybe 3.5 cuz of the saltiness of some dishes. Not too consistant. But I'll probably round this one up to 4.
5	I'd have to agree with Ryan P. Amazing dinner. Donna A., her dad I and all had the American Kobe-style rib-eye which was out of this world. All in all, a great, albeit spendy dinner. The only bummer is that I forgot about the lobster-pot until we'd already ordered. Next time!
5	There are restaurants and then there are Restaurants.  Nobhill is not just a restaurant.  It is a Restaurant -- with a capital R.  It is the kind of place you wish you could dine at on a regular basis not just because it would mean you have more money than you know is morally right for you, but because it is the type of sanctuary that can actually make you feel as though you are a better person.Some people go to the spa to relax, others lay out by the pool, others still might want just to soak in the tub.  But for me, take me to Nobhill and all my problems will melt away.  Screw Calgon; NOBHILL, TAKE ME AWAY!One of the reasons why I think Nobhill is a Restaurant, and not just restaurant, is because of the decor.  Simply put, the decor is both subtle and sophisticated.  Swathed in modern yet elegent taupes and browns, there is very little in the dining room to distract you from the delicious food and the flawless service.  With the exception of a few silver-toned accents and art pieces, the walls are remarkably bare.  Some restaurants try too hard wth their decor, and in doing so they become obnoxious as a result their extravagance.  Not Nobhill.  This Restaurant is so tastefully appointed that it is, in many ways, a very un-Vegas Vegas restaurant.  In this case, less was definitely more.Dinner began with some wine instructions.  I brought with me a 2003 Les Forts de Latour (the second label of Chateau Latour) and asked them to decant it in advance of our meal, which they did, and without any hesitation or callous snobbery.Likewise, our order was also taken without any kind of artificial attitude.  As a side note: I don't care what people thought of Steven from Top Chef Season 1, but the people at this Restaurant, which is where he works, are not slimeballs.  Unlike at some high-end restaurants, our server was neither pretentious nor obsequious.  He neither pushed us towards the expensive items on the menu, nor discouraged sharing.  He was, in fact, very welcoming and down to earth -- neither reserved nor a shill.Someone has already mentioned the bread and butter, so I won't go into details here, but I thought it was very cool how they would bake the bread right there in dining room and then serve it on a heated slab of granite.  It would then remain warm by resting on the votive box in the middle of the table.As is the case with all Michael Mina Restaurants, we were treated to an amuse bouche at the start of our dinner, which this time was a little sliver of foie gras topped with minced Asian pears.  It was both salty and sweet, creamy and crunchy.  What an incredible way to begin the meal!For our first course, we shared the Dungeness Crab Louis, served on a bed of baby hearts of romaine and avocado.  The salad was light, yet creamy, and not at all what I was expecting.  I had always thought that Crab Louis was just crab and a kind of thousand island dressing.  But this dressing was not as sweet and had a nice little kick of spice, which paired very nicely with our glasses of Henriot champagne.Our main courses were the Angus Beef, with Seared Foie Gras, Potato Cakes and a Pinot Reduction, and the Olive Oil Poached Lamb Loin, with Goat Cheese Puffs and a Garbanzo Bean and Spring Onion Medley.  Both were amazing, in both texture and taste.  The seemingly modest bean and onion medley was, in fact, so good that I could have eaten a whole bowl of it!  I may have left some of the lamb on my plate, but damn if wasn't going to eat up every last bit of my veggies!For dessert, we shared a Tangerine Souffle, which was topped with a tangerine and vanilla sorbet.  Although they did not have anything that seemed to pair well with our dessert on the wine list, our server made the effort to find some German eiswein at the bar, which ended up being a match made in heaven!  Both were delicious on their own, but together ... ahh ... Nobhill, take me away!As I mentioned at the outset, the service was flawless, but not in a swift-and-efficient-yet-robotic kind of way.  Our server was actually very engaging and friendly and made me feel like I deserved to be there.  It turns out that he grew up in Orange County, so throughout our meal, we chatted with him about OC living, talked about the wine (we gave him a glass), and before we left he gave me the names of some people at Studio at the Montage, Mozambique, and Maestro's Ocean Club.  He said that if I mentioned his name, they would do something special for us.So as I rolled out of Nobhill and into the vacuous din of the MGM casino, I could not help but feel like I was going to miss this place.  Even though I was stuffed to the gills, I almost did not want to leave.  Why?  Because it is a Restaurant.
4	This place was great.  A bit expensive, but if you can afford to go often, you should.  All the food tasted good.  I ordered the chicken for 2, which I thought they could just reduce down to a serving for 1....but they didnt....so i had like 3 quarters of a chicken left and they charged me for 2 meals.  But if you are looking for a deal for 2 people, that is the best deal on the menu.  I guess i just didnt know how to read the menu.  They also carve it in front of you which is kinda cool...no bones. They gave us a couple of complimentary hor'dourves.  This restaurants style is very modern.
4	Nob Hill. Hmm.. Great place - I loved the atmosphere and all. Service was excellent too. I would've given them 5 star but I thought some items in the menu were subpar. That and we had to wait for a little more than an hour to get our food served. We were checked in at MGM and was looking for a decent place to have dinner at so we decided to try Nob Hill out since it was just downstairs. Made a reservation for about 10 people. Got there in time, table was ready - great presentation by the way, then were seated. Served bread, took our orders, then a little over an hour later, finally served our food. I do appreciate the fact that they recognized their fault though, they even served us complimentary mashed potato sampler - which I really couldn't care less for - for it. Got my Grilled Wild King Salmon. I gotta admit, it looked pretty damn good - but ah, looks can be deceiving. So took a little piece, put it in my salivating mouth - EH. Was a bit dry. Lacked flavor too. Ended up not finishing my meal.. I did try some Foie Gras though and i thought it was pretty much perfect, made me think maybe it was just ordered the wrong thing. A bit too expensive for what you're getting - but that's just based on my experience. I definitely would give them a try again though.
5	We came in for dessert after seeing Ka and we sat at the bar. The bartender was friendly and accommodating. We ordered two desserts, a cup of coffee for me, and a cocktail for Y.P. The bartender recommended the cable car cocktail, I think it was called, and it was great! The coffee was flawless, served in an individual french press. The chocolate souffle *might* have been underdone-- less done than we make them at home-- but it was nevertheless fanTAStic! We also shared the apple fritter. The fritter itself was good but the green apple sorbet but absolutely out of this world. I cannot speak highly enough of it and strongly recommend you check it out. There was also a little mug of cider and it was delicious as well.Not a single complaint, a fabulous experience, and I'd love to have dinner here in the future.
5	My girlfriend and I have dined here on two separate occasions and it has been nothing short of astounding.  We requested and were sat in one of their booths each time, and it's very private and luxurious.  I felt like royalty each time I was there.Food and service are both spectacular, and the Cable Car cocktail that they serve has got to be the best drink out there.
4	Only 4 stars because my expectations were huge and my entree didnt deliver.  The restaurant has a great atmosphere and the service was impeccable.  Standouts were the Pittsburgh filet and the rack of lamb.  I had the lobster pot pie, because my friend had raved about it for a week, but I cant say that I was that blown away by it.  They had a house made chocolate cake and vanilla ice cream for my friends birthday.  It was phenomenal.  I had no idea ice cream could be that good.I think it is safe to say that everything was still really delicious.  If I had been any of my other friends, this would be a 5 star review.
5	The BEST cioppino in the WORLD.  If you think you won't like seafood stew, you have, have, have to try this.
5	Wowzers.  Nob Hill is AbFab.  Absolutely.  Fabulous.I came here with 5 girlfriends, each of us toting our own bottle of vino [Thank you, Megan G!] and not only did the sommelier waive the corkage fee, but the waitstaff was uber accommodating and attentive, providing us with complimentary amuse bouche AS WELL AS dessert.The experience here was incredible.  Low lighting and dark woods, along with over-sized light fixtures gave the whole place a masculine sophisticate feel.  The food was so flavorful, from the Hamachi to the varieties of the complimentary Mashed Potatoes.  An absolute MUST is the cheese fondue -- so wonderful, I was in heaven.  I would most definitely come back here again -- Upper-echelon dining in Las Vegas.
5	What a great experience (twice)!  We went for supper on a busy night and ordered the tasting menu with the wine pairing.  It was a perfect dining affair: Each dish was presented beautifully and tasted even better, the wine was gorgeous and the service was flawless.  Yes, the chef's tasting menu is bit pricier than ordering a standard three-course meal a la carte, but when you factor in the cost of the lobster pot pie alone, it actually comes out to a great deal.This dish is one of Michael Mina's signatures and now I see what all the hype is about.  It's deconstructed, so it's cooked in a pot, and placed on your dish directly from that pot, with all the parts (crust, vegetables, perfectly cooked lobster).  Don't expect a bunch of creamy filling like something from the freezer section of your local grocery.  It's a pot pie EVOLUTIONIZED.  I am not usually a big lobster fan, but I would order this again, on it's own, any day.  I won't go into detail on the other dishes, but they too were amazing.After a few pre-dinner drinks at the bar and all the wine pairing, I was pretty looped by the time we got to dessert.  So excited was I about the Hungarian Tokaji that was our dessert pairing that I knocked it over after just two sips.  The server, knowing how much I had looked forward to that moment was kind enough to pour me another glass, even fuller than the first one.  Another memo on the service: So many restaurants think that the definition of good service is only to be pleasant and knowledgeable (which are important), but I also believe that an integral part of an extraordinary meal is attentiveness.  The wait staff had everything timed succinctly, from serving and taking away dishes, to making sure they didn't come over too early or ask questions while we had food in our mouths.  And yes, my water glass was also replenished before it was gone.*Note: If you can get a booth instead of a table in the dining room, go for it.  It's cozy, comfortable and great for people watching.The second night we were having supper somewhere else, but stopped in for drinks before hand (let's face it, cocktails at the casino bars are just boring).  The hostess, bartender and waiter all remembered us from the night before.  We started off ordering some of the specialty drinks from their drinks menu, then the bartender/drink master started making custom concoctions for us and we ended for staying for 2 hours and just barely made it to our dinner reservations.  *Disclosure: One would have to assume that when your bar bill is a few C-notes, the drinks and the service better be good.I would recommend Nob Hill to anyone who loves food, regardless of your palette preferences.  There is something for everyone, even if your diet is only liquid.
5	I love Vegas and I love food and I love food in Vegas. This place was great. I've had great meals at MGM and this was one of the best. It's the only thing that matters on this menu: Lobster Pot Pie. Friggin off the charts. Very pricey at $100/plate, but I really enjoyed it. Throughout the night (2hrs), we watched a good 15-20 come out of the kitchen. The presentation was nice. It comes out in a copper pot with the dough baked onto the top. They cut that open and arrange it on the (at the table), and then proceed to arrange the $100 goodness on the plate. it was one of the best meals I've had in vegas. Again it was pricey, but I would buy it again without hesitation. The booths up front looked cool, but we were in the open area. Pretty quiet place. The cheese fondue was semi-addictive since I can put cheese on pretty much anything. Highly recommended.
5	Every time we visit Vegas, hubby and I would eat here. Just like the others mentioned, the Lobster Pot pie is a must order item. we order that every time. The seafood/shellfish appetizer is hubby's favorite. They are always fresh and never failed him. His other favorite is the Colorado rack of lamb. If you never had it, this is the place to try it. Their souffles, are superb! it is one of my favorite dessert and this is one of the best place that offers it. One thing I don't recommend is the fondue. The wine is a bit too strong, and the cheese not velvety enough. We also love the fact that the servers and hostess are always very accomodating, and thoughtful. The first time we were there, we were way underdressed, (think shorts and flipflops), but we were still seated and the service was just as impeccable as the other dressed up patrons. ;)  Last time we were there, my friend's 2 yr old was asleep, and we were seated in the enclosed private dining area with the glass doors closed. Perfect !
3	The restaurant business, in a lot of ways, is a simple business.  It's about good food, good service, all at a good price.  Ahhh...but how the devil is in the details.I don't mean to be flippant or judgmental.  Quite the opposite.  Simple is very hard.  But what can you do when all your competitors are "celebrity chefs" and you have been missing in action for years compared to your peers.Which brings me to Nob Hill.Nice location, albeit with subpar food.  For the price, I did expect something better.  But I was also struck with a feeling that Chef Michael Mina, was not exactly hands-on with the dining experience at the MGM.  Oh well.If having Chef Keller's Bouchon next door wasn't enough, I hope I don't have to run around in a Dumbo suit just to spark interest in alternative dining experiences.  I hear the sandwich board look is "in" this year.  Something tells me big changes are on the horizon.More on this later.  For now, enjoy the location.Later
5	Nobhill is a terrific fine-dining restaurant. I love their focus on fresh regional ingredients flown in from San Fran. We only sat in the bar, but it was still a nice, relaxing room. Service was outstanding. I love how they do the Kobe beef tartare tableside. I had the scallops and they were expertly cooked. My boyfriend had the Lobster Pot Pie, which he said was excellent. Overall, Nobhill has a great atmosphere and amazing food.
5	I went to Vegas the other weekend to celebrate my birthday in style with 3 of my good friends.  Nob Hill was our restaurant of choice for the "birthday dinner" and it was an absolutely orgasmic dining experience.  I'm not a food snob, but can appreciate, and am willing to pay for, a good meal.  Nob Hill was on the moderately pricey side, but worth every penny.We had the prix fixe menu with a bottle of wine for the table, and each dish knocked our socks off.  The ambiance was perfect -- we had our own private booth that was tucked away from the rest of the tables, and the service was impeccable.If you're in Vegas and looking to splurge on a restaurant, but still want to be able to pay for your airfare home, go to Nob Hill.
4	On our first night in Vegas, my friend and I were hoping to have a nice dinner at a place with interesting food.  What we got was a top-flight dining experience at a pretty good price, thanks to the Summer Menu that the restaurant was offering.  Many restaurants will offer sub-par selections for something like this, but not Nob Hill.  We got a generous sampling of appetizers to start, which went well with our cocktails.  This was followed (for me) by a spicy pork tenderloin wrapped in bacon, mashed turnips, and a slice of pure heaven, known to some as pork belly.   It was crispy and buttery in all the right places, and was a delightful surprise when it was brought to the table.   Also a delight was the quintet of mashed potatoes brought to us from the kitchen - flavored with things like hearts of palm, horseradish, and other amazing flavors.   We also received an amuse bouche at the beginning AND the end of the meal, after dessert.   It's not the cheapest place on the strip, but if you're looking for a delicious splurge, I can't recommend it enough, especially if you're staying at the MGM or nearby.
2	The service here is impeccable, friendly and very accommodating.   The food here was okay but to me it wasn't anything special.   My date loved one of the dishes and liked most of them.   I liked it too but for the price it wasn't someplace I'd go again.  We had a six course meal that wasn't on the menu.   My date heard about it from her friend.  On one of the dishes that had Kobe Beef they mix it with other flavors or broths so you can't taste what you're paying for.    I've only eaten here the one time and with the six courses I would think there would be at least one item that would have caught my attention but there wasn't.   I would say your money could be spent better someplace else.   This was a very, very expensive meal and a good time but I wouldn't recommend it.
4	My bf and I came in to try the $60 pp summer tasting menu. The ambience was amazing, the service was impeccable and the food was great. Every single thing we had didn't blow us away, but it was a nice experience and I look forward to going back soon to try the cook book tasting menu.Appetizers: We got the appetizer trio and cheese fondue. Trio was awesome! Steak (not some chewy beef.. steak) skewers, duck wraps, and these awesome sesame coated crab meat balls. All were yummy! My fondue was obviously just fondue.. how special can it really be. However, the bread it was served with was chewy and to die for, and the cheese was obviously yummy, but how do you screw up melted cheese?Main course: My chicken tetrazini was INCREDIBLE. I'm talking the best chicken i've had in my life. Skin was perfectly browned, chicken was moist.. just overall delicious and I'm not even a chicken girl. However my bf was disappointed in his pork dish. The belly was tough and chewy.. not soft. The flavor was awesome, but that didn't change the bad texture. This pork dish is why I'm taking off a star. Dessert: Creme Brulee was just ok, but we are pretty picky about creme brulee. I had the strawberry salad and while it was delicious, it was just strawberries and yummy ice cream.. like the fondue it was a simple dish that's hard to screw up. I had the wine pairing and was very happy with it. The wines I had were awesome and different. We also had some seasonal berry mojitos.. YUM, we are picky about mojitios and these were excellent. I will definitely update and add a star if the cook book menu blows us away! I can't wait to try it.
2	My girlfriend reserved the round table for us 2 months ago.. 2 months.. you'd think they would have had enough time to figure out how they were going to deal with it.. so what did they do? They gave our table away to another party, like minutes before we arrived. Needless to say my girlfriend was livid! She and I being like minded was livid as well. Though she's stronger then I am, I would have told them to fuck off and went somewhere else.. instead we chose to stick it out.. we got a booth for the 5 of us to cram into.. was very intimate. Nice really.We all decided to have the summer taste menu which sounded good at the time. All I have to say is fussy, fussy, fussy! Super small haute cuisine portions, like one bite, seriously. Just completely over done and over thought.. a good plate doesn't need 10 components on it.. the fewer the components the more harmonious something works together.. Service was great though and the server even bought us a round of drinks since the ice princess at the front gave our table away. I'm not sure if I would go back here on my next trip.. this was a real disappointment.
4	Ok- get it over with. Be the 52nd person to make fun of me for eating at Nobhill restaurant when I'm from San Francisco.  Are you done now?Moving on.Hubby and my family and I ate at Nobhill during Las Vegas Restaurant Week. We got to sample a special menu for $50.00 per person with an optional $25.00 wine pairing.We got the fondue appetizer, chicken tetrazini with truffle mac and cheese, and a desert sampler. The fondue and the chicken were a bit too salty for my taste but the bread served before our meal was A-FREAKING-mazing! Our desert sampler included a peach creme brulee and a gourmet Almond Joy type candy bar. In the end, if that was the last time I'd ever be able to eat desert, it would be worth it.You can go back to making fun of me now.
4	I was really excited to change their review to 5 stars after trying the Cookbook tasting menu, but alas I cannot. My friends and I had planned this dinner a month in advance. They were coming to town and picked ou the Cookbook menu on the Nobhill website as our dinner for the evening. We show up and sure enough, the menu isn't available. BOO. The menu is still on the website btw... mini lobster pot pie, kobe steak, yeah it sounds awesome.. don't get excited about it! They were rude and unapologetic when we asked why the menu was no longer there..grrSoo we improvised and got a lobster pot pie. The waiter tried to say it's a serving size for one... well he was wrong, it's definitely a 2 person serving. Perfect for 2 to share. It was very tasty, but a tad rich. We had the kobe beef tartare appetizer where they put it in a martini glass... sad to say, they do it better at Strip Steak (Mina's other restaurant). The kobe pho isn't good at all. Sadly nothing we had was that awesome or impressive and if this was my only visit there they would be getting 3 stars.. but my previous experience was much better.
5	This is far and away my favorite Michael Mina establishment. It ain't steak and it ain't seafood.  It is food created around the seasons for the needs of our ever changing palates, and relying upon what works whenever now is.  Most times we eat at the bar, always (so far) being tended to by one of the greatest bartenders in the world. (IME)If I were to eat there tonight, I would first spend 20 minutes sipping at a martini, then this is what I would order:Kobe Beef Tataki, Tempura Bone Marrow, Japanese Cucumber (to start, and order wine to drink while I am eating it)Red Seabream Cilantro Rice, Rapini, Chorizo Broth (as my entree)While my husband ate this for dessert:Chocolate Banana Pudding Banana Cake, Malted Milk Ice CreamI would knock back the rest of my wine and sip at a double espresso.Upon leaving we will take Vegas by storm.  We will clean the clocks of every blackjack dealer in our path, and return to our beds just before the sun rises.
4	Lynn & I first came to Nob Hill a year ago.  We came in for a drink when we arrived early for our reservations at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon, and thought we should come back for dinner . . . so we did.There IS a theory that (see Kayla's review) people will make fun of you or that you shouldn't eat here or be wowed here if you live in the City (or in the SF Bay area).  But Nob Hill is better than Michael Mina's restaurant in the St. Francis.  Seriously.The wine list is serious, AND seriously overpriced.  BUT, I do have to say, a careful review of the list CAN find some serious bargains.  (Indeed, the sommelier came over after half-way through our meal to ask who ordered the wine -- and complimented me on the Champagne and the white Burgundy I selected.)The lobster pot pie is FANTASTIC!  Yes, it's a signature dish; yes, it's a bit of a cliche.  But damn! it's amazingly rich, flavorful, and to-die-for . . . .Rumour has it the menu and/or the concept is soon changing here.  So get it while you can.Only complaint:  it is ridiculously expensive.  So figure it's really four-and-a-half stars . . .
5	Who's feeding me wine?  Is that lady wearing a mask?  Wait, lobster what?This was the scene of my Kubrick-esque Eyes Wide Shut style food orgy.  A magically odd night filled food pleasure and....more food pleasure:Easily the best dining experience of my life thus far.  It has been several years since I dined here, yet I still compare all other foo foo dining experiences to that night - and even the mighty have still come up short.  And - AND - I didn't have to pay - didn't even see the bill, which sprinkled extra sweet and savory sensations from my coiffed hair to my CFM  heels.  Absolute bliss.The interior is very dark and intimate.  It feels like everyone is very close to you, almost touching, lounging in a very sinfully ancient Roman way.   I got the tasting menu with the accompanying wine tasting menu and then, well then it was pretty much like a straight up food gang bang.  Tiers of things with crab and a giant shrimp, a waiter fucking fed me wine from a cup like a naughty food communion, I ate slippery foie gras with my fingers.  Steak. Reductions.  Words I couldn't pronounce. Truffled mac n cheese.  Shit was set ablaze before me. And then came the lobster pot pie.  Brought out through darkness and steam by my waiter (was he even still wearing a shirt by that point....) in a shiny copper pot, he then sliced open the butter crust atop and reconstructed the entire meat of the lobster on the plate before me. There are no words.  I'm sure there was some sort of dessert, maybe even two, how would I know.  Four bites in of the lobster was the climax of the whole meal.After...I walked into the light.  The perfectly small portions had not left me full - no food baby consequences - but my head was spinning, my face was plastered with a dopey smile and my hair was mussed.  I took of my shoes and walked right down the hall through whirling casino lights and big ol MGM lions (were they smirking at me?).And no food was ever the same again.  End scene.
3	The last of the Michael Mina restaurants in Las Vegas for me to try out. I have to say, it was quite disappointing.   I found the food to be average and not up to par as his other restaurants.   Ordered was the Trio of shellfish, Trio of American Kobe Beef, the duck with foie-gras, and suckling pig with perigord truffles. Of the trio appetizers, the best shellfish dish was the lobster carpaccio and from the beef appetizer, the pho broth, Vietnamese salad.  The broth was really good. I really didn't care for my dish, the suckling pig. And my friend gave me the foie-gras from his duck dish.   Now, I love foie-gras, especially seared, but this one needed salt and just tasted fatty and oily (duh).From past experience at his other restaurants, I don't expect much from his desserts.  And the dessert ordered also agreed with my opinion.  We both shared the Farmers Market Strawberries with candied fennel, pistachio sorbet, creme fraiche sorbet.  Only the pistachio sorbet was tasty, the rest was just blah.  The coffee that they serve on the other hand was good.  It is his own blend from LAMILL.   I wonder if they will sell it to the public?My quest to eat at all the Michael Mina restaurants in Las Vegas is now complete. If I ever go back to another one again, it would be Stripsteak.
5	I felt somewhat sheepish eating here.  Really?!  You are from the bay area and you go to a SF style restaurant on a Vegas vacation?  Yes, bitches.  Because it is so fucking good.I had kobe beef for the first time at this gorgeous restaurant.  My mouth was delighted!  Ever since then, the beef I have eaten pales in comparison.  Mouth not happy!Yes, it is expensive, but worth it.  If you are going for a high-end dining experience, this is a good spot.
5	A+.  I went the Chicken & Mac'n'Cheese route the first time I was here because I was feeling cheap, and it was completely worth it.  I've been here 3 times so far and haven't ordered anything else.  Their bar is wonderful, the mai-tai they serve is amongst the best I've had, and their peach-bourbon drink is fantastic! I've had excellent service here every time.  When I asked what was in the peach drink I ordered, the waitress went up to the bartender and got the recipe, then jotted it down on a coaster for me.  :)  The cable car they recommend to everyone is good, but not awesome. I'd suggest some nicer attire, we showed up with friends in sweatshirts and shorts and felt a little... out of place.This is a nice date spot (highly recommend reserving a booth, they're very private and romantic), but it's fun with friends, too.
4	An amazing meal, hands down.  I was there with a small group and not a soul went unsatisfied.We drank a fantastic Bordeaux that coupled well with the lamb and kobe beef, but the dish that earned everyone's envy was the lobster pot pie.  Simply incredible.This is definitely on the procey side, but if you are like me and go to vegas for the shows and food (read no gambling) this place is a must try.
3	the food and the service was pretty good...the highlight of the meal was the lobster pot pie served in an all-clad copper pot.  i was most looking forward to the truffled mac and cheese...you can order it al a carte or it also comes with the fried chicken (must order for 2).  it had great flavor, the macaroni wasn't overcooked...but it was waaay to salty (as was the duck breast).  the server asked us if we liked the mac and cheese bc we only took a few bites...i told him i thought it was a bit salty...our server immediately apologized and said he would mention it to the chef.  he seemed sincere and did not expect anything...when we got the check, we were pleasantly surprised that the mac and cheese had been taken off.  overall: a solid 3.5 for the food, 4 for service and atmosphere.  if you like coctails, make sure to order the house special cable car...it is a citrus/orange flavored drink served in a martini glass with the rims dipped in sugar then carmelized (the best part) garnished with a orange rind twist
4	I had heard the hype of Nob Hill for years and wondered it could really live up to all of the great things that had been said of it. We took my dad here as we were on a weekend celebration of his 60th birthday so my brother and I wanted to ensure he had the some of  the best experiences of his life on the trip. My good friend and fellow yelper Tal and his wife just happened to be in town and suggested we all meet here to experience one of his favorite places to eat. The venue itself is simple yet amazing as it is nestled inside the MGM that is home to so many great restaurants. The staff was very friendly, from the hostess to the bartender and the many different wait staff that attended to our needs.We all decided to go with the tasting menu, with my friends wife asking for the vegetarian tasting menu which I must say looked very good even for someone who is a meat and potatoes person. The wine list looked good from the peak I had at it, my friend ordered all three bottle of wine which were all fantastic, one of which was super pricey and I couldn't tell a huge difference between that and the less expensive bottles. The lobster pot pie was absolutely amazing, I would go back just to eat that again. I wasn't as impressed with the quail, although that is something I wouldn't normally order. The kobe beef was very good, although I wouldn't rank it up there as high as the steaks I had the night before just down the hall at craft steak. Although I had a good idea that this meal wasn't going to be a cheap one, I was still a bit sticker shocked when I received the check. I along with the rest of my group left dinner very satisfied with all aspects of the meal.
3	I was surprised to notice i have not written a review on Nob Hill - i've eaten here 6-7 times over the last 4 years. The most recent visits were a group dinner in december ( a freebie ) and then last night the roomie and i tried the winter tasting menu ( $59/person, 3 courses - app.,main, dessert add $31 for the wine pairng.) If not for last nights visit i would give Nob Hill 4-5 stars but the service was soooooo slow, the food luke warm ( presumably due to the slow service ) and the managers solution for the debacle ( can i offer a free glass of dessert wine ? yeah, right, thanks but no thanks. how about a free dessert on your next visit ? ok, but i doubt i'll return ) Roomie went with the scallop fritter, the cioppino and the apple cobbler. I tried the sunchoke soup w/ pork belly, the short rib and the citrus tasting ( lemoncurd ice cream, orange souffle and grand marinier gelee .) the highlights : the cioppino, the short rib. the average : everything else. The fritter was room temperature which did affect the texture, the soup - the pork belly taste was overpowering, the cobbler - boring, the citrus tasting was missing the gelee. the pre-meal cocktail - i order some sort of cherry dealio but they were out of bing cherries - not a biggie except it took them 5 minutes to tell me this - why ? the bread basket - ok . photos to be posted later. In a competitive market / difficult economy now is not the time to fall short on service. The reality is i've got alot of other places to try so it will be some time before i hit nob hill again but i know one thing, next time i'm invited out for a free meal and i'm asked where i prefer to eat, Nob Hill will not cross my mind.
5	I had an amazing experience here!We ordered the tasting menu. The app that first arrived was so good! The mini-lobster pot pie was my favorite favorite dish of all! Then came the duck.... ehh, compared to everything else, not so much. The steak (and I am not a big meat eater) was really good but I was too full to finish it by then. The wine was great, dessert was great. The service was great. Our waiter gave us great recommendations on the wine and the ambiance was very beautiful. I'm really glad we came!
5	Great food and menu selection.  My wife loves the mini-lobster pot pie!   A little on the pricey side at times -- but another outstanding dining experience.
5	i believe i had the best meal of my life here...and i've had a lot for my relatively short life.  i'll be honest. i'm not ballin' or anything so i had the best deal on the menu.  the fried chicken (which has to be shared between two people). amazing presentation, amazing mac and cheese and the chicken was just overall tender. if something is cooked in duck oil, what else can you expect? we also had the fondue. very good as well.  it was a blend of a few cheeses, which i can't remember but i know one of them was gruyere. my fav! they had a nice bread basket that was put on top of the candle to keep warm, which also came with three different kinds of butter. i loved the complementary mashed potato sampler that comes out and the mojito dessert. light and refreshing.  the whole experience was great. beginning to end.
2	I give this restaurant two stars. Not because of the food...the food was great! But the service started out awful and they didnt' do much to correct it even once we almost walked out.Outside the restaurant is a special $59 3-course tasting menu. This is a function of not enough customers, so restaurants are left competing for whoever is around. It looked good, and it's what we wanted.We were given wine menus, a different tasting menu, and the regular menu. When we asked for the $59 menu, it was practically thrown at the table, only one copy was left, and it seems like service tanked from there.We sat around for more than 15 minutes and during that time, no one came over to find out if we wanted anything to drink or if we were ready to order. We tried staring down various staff, even got some eye contact, but still no one came over to us. The restaurant was NOT busy.We finally got up. There are lots of restaurants eager for business right now and if this wasn't one of them, we had other options.As we were putting our coats on, they came over to find out what was up and got an earful. "Please let us make it up to you?!"We sat back down.Frankly, the only thing that improved was the staff suddenly became attentive and even a bit obsequious. Our dessert was included, but a glass of wine or SOMETHING by way of apology, would have been more meaningful  than just some words given how steamed I was.I also did the wine pairings and frankly, with the exception of one choice, the pairings didn't much seem to relate to the food. I'm sure you can read the other reviews to find out about the food.Please note that Nobhill is NOT related to the San Francisco restaurant, Charles Nob Hill.
5	Excellent experience!!  When dining out, it is all about the experience.  Food is a major part, but so is the environment and service.  Nob Hill has got it right on all parts!My husband and I had dinner here with another couple.  We all had the tasting menu.  The food was melt in your mouth fantastic!  Everything was cooked to perfection. What really made our night though was the service.  The servers were attentive to our every needs.  We had a show to catch after the dinner, and our server made sure that we had enough time to enjoy our dinner and still make the show. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to have a great dining experience in Vegas.
4	How could I forget to review this place? How can you forget a Lobster Pot Pie that has a whole Maine Lobster? Let's see if we can make this up. The Maine Lobster Pot Pie comes out in the All-Clad pot it was baked in topped with a flaky pastry crust. It is then plated table-side by the waiter. He removes the pastry crust from the pot, cuts a perfect circle out, and places it in the center of the plain white dish. He then carefully reconstructs the whole lobster piece by piece minus the head, but with the claw meat which is already shelled. He then adorns the succulent shellfish with pearl onions, baby carrots, parsnips, and potatoes from the pot. It's then finished off with the brandied cream which I dare to say had a hint of truffle. How's that for memory? I had that dish about a month ago when all the boys went to Vegas to watch Georges St. Pierre treat BJ Penn like a rag-doll. But I digress. Getting back to the lobster... if memory serves me right, it was @#%in' delicious. I have perpetual "Entree Envy" Syndrome, and for once I can confidently say everyone else had Entree Envy. As for everything else the Colorado Lamb has good, but the Rib-eye was almost forgettable. For a high grade dry-aged cut, it didn't live up to its hype. One of the other guys also had the Sucking Pig which was good. We also have a few appetizers, but again I can't remember much about it. Although it's not best to write a review about a restaurant a month and a half after you dine, it does really tell you how memorable it was. A place like Nobhill or any Michael Mina restaurant is more than a meal, it's an experience. And hopefully a memorable one at that. When you look into you memory, you generally remember what was really bad or really good. To sum up Nobhill, nothing was bad, most of it was above average, but the Maine Lobster Pot Pie was damn memorable... in a really good way. MUST TRY: Duh...
3	Some reviewers may hate me for this - but food here at NobHill was just ok - My husband and I yelped before ordering to try to get the best entrees - but the chef might have been off that night.  We ordered the braised short ribs -(which was good) - the Lobster pot pie - (just OK - not to die for like others mentioned ) - and the Pork Chop with Apricots (which was very salty almost unbearable).  For dessert, we chose the Irish Cream Creme Brulee (very good). The server was nice and the ambiance was fabulous - I expected so much from the great yelp reviews - but NobHill just didn't fit the bill that night.  It was a Monday night that we went and it wasn't crowded - so I would have expected a showstopping experience.  PS - We knew the lobster potpie was market price but did't think that it was worth $85!!  Hopefully, we have a better experience next time.
5	I went to the place about two years ago. And wow...I can't wait to go back! Granted this was the first "fancy" restaurant I went to...the whole experience was impeccable in retrospect comparison to the ones i've been to after it!reasons for the 5 stars:- Lobster pot pie and the table side thing they do (i forgot what this is called) and the wine paring...Chateau Ste. Michelle, Riesling,  Eroica. This is now my fav wine!- the ambiance, service, and decor- i came with a group of 6 and we had several different starters. they were all very good from what i remember. my favorite was the foie gras. yummm!- for desert we had the mandarin orange-vanilla cream creme brulee -- to die for!
5	The lobster pot pie is amazing!!!!Decor is very warm and modern, Wine selection was great. My wife and I REALLY enjoyed the soup we had (forget the type) and the whole experience was delicious.You don't need a long drawn out review...really. I've been back a few times and it's one of my favorite classy restaurants in Vegas. If you're still on the fence, believe me... it's exceptional
4	We went there late. We were almost the last ones to be served. For Vegas it did close early. the food was really nice. I had the Halibut, someone in my party had a yummy steak and the other two shared the Sliders and the cheese fondue. EVerything was really yummy, except the cheese fondue was way to sweet and not alot of it. I am Swiss, so I know SWISS CHEESE fondue.. this was WAYY too sweet. Could have been the wine they used.the wine list was written so small that you needed special glasses (and I can see fine) and the prices were WAYYY over priced...Service was great.. Nice Sommelier....Nice decor
3	I really enjoyed the food here.  BUT.... as for value to expense (My personal ROI) if felt it was dead average.We were in a group.... lots of sharing and looking at other dishes.  I did not have anything that knocked my socks off. Sorry Michael.
4	Nobhill is STILL the best restaurant in Vegas - Chef Mina has transformed the restaurant into a parade of America's greatest hits, seen thru the eyes of a great San Francisco chef.  Everyone has talked about the Lobster Pot Pie - look it's great but it's wildly overpriced.  Get the scallops one night, then go back for the burger another night.  Don't forget to order a sidecar.
3	We were looking forward to Nob Hill after trying StripSteak(another Mina restaurant) on a previous trip. We tried the spring tasting menu with the wine pairing. To jot it down quickly, the appetizers were very good(Caesar Salad & Shrimp Louie), but the main course, the Braised Short Rib was surprising bland. Our best wine was served with the appetizers(Veltliner 'Steinagrund'), while our Pinot Noir was just as uninspiring as the main course. The savior was the excellent desserts(English Toffee & Banana-Caramel Sundae), but the wine was a little too sweet, even for a Muscat. We're glad we tried Nob Hill, but there's a large gap between it and StripSteak.
3	Geez what is up with the high rating!!!Nothing really stuck out to me when I came here for dinner.  The service was slightly above average, which was quite disappointing in such a respectable establishment.  I also noted a slight air of arrogance among the servers, which I really did not understand nor appreciate -- so strange!  =/Table service was hasty and sloppy.  While being poured wine, the server dripped a good amount on my arm and did not bother to apologize.  The service was just very lacking and not attentive.  Not all of the tables were even full so it couldn't have been because it was a busy night. For appetizers, we had the ahi tuna salad, the beer-battered shrimp, and the oysters.  The shrimp were pretty big and juicy and well-battered.  The other two appetizers were decent, but did not stand out.  I ordered the bacon-wrapped scallops, which were quite savory and fairly well prepared.  However, a couple of them were a tad overcooked.  I also tried the veal along with the halibut.  Both of these dishes seemed quite mediocre, like the appetizers.Overall, the "redeeming" factor, I would have to say, would be the pricing of the dishes.  The entrees were in the general range from $20-35, which considering their presentation, is quite reasonable.  The portions were pretty good as well.   Nonetheless, the service was a disappointment and the food didn't amaze me as I had expected it to =(.
3	I don't think this place was all that memorable.  The Caesar's salad was good.  The bread was good.  The short ribs were decent.  The dessert, a chocolate and peanut butter layer cake, was decent also.  When they figured out that I was not going to order an expensive bottle of wine, they did not treat me the same, though.  I know the economy sucks right now, and I know that they probably have a ton of expensive bottles sitting in their cellar with little hope of being ordered anytime soon.  I did not appreciate the dismissive attitude when I said I was probably going to order a glass or a half bottle.  My wife wanted seafood and I wanted the short ribs, so there weren't going to be too many reasonably priced bottles that were going to work for both of us.  They need to get over it when that happens.  Maybe there are better restaurants in Michael Mina's portfolio, but this one should never be a first option in Vegas.  There are plenty of places to go to before trying this one.
4	I ordered from the summer tasting menu at $39 and started with their Summer Gazpacho...a cool, refreshing cherry tomato gazpacho with cucumber and chunks of burrata (Italian soft cheese).  The Kurobuta Pork Chop was the main, and was the highlight of my meal...anytime a restaurant serves Kurobuta (Japanese black pig) and cooks it perfectly deserves at least 4 stars.  It was tender and juicy greatness...I could go on and on.  The dessert was a Peach Crisp and rounded out the meal wonderfully.  Appetizers range from $8-$15, and main dishes are $20-$40.  Try to request a booth if you're dining for 2 or 4...and let the servers know that you'll be asking for the warm, grilled ciabatta bread w/rosemary olive oil to keep coming!
3	When looking for a place to have a nice dinner in our hotel, Nobhill was the one place that stood out as having a menu that both has something for everyone and was the most reasonably priced out of all of the other places.  I called a week in advance and made reservations for 10 people for a birthday dinner.  We were sat in the main room.   Not everyone in our group was with us and it seemed like our server kinda checked out too.  He didnt offer us drinks until everyone was there, forgot the beer menu my boyfriend asked for, and didnt bring us bread until about 30 minutes of us sitting there.  Our appetizers came right after that.  My bf and I shared the pulled pork sandwiches.  Wow, they were super delicious.  I would definitely order this again.  My bf had the chicken and dumplings and I had the scallops.  My bf said it was the best chicken he had ever had.  My scallops were great, but the lentils they serve it with were not really cup of tea.  Too bad the server poured it all over my plate.  Gross.  Everyone else seemed to enjoy their food as well.  When we were done, we had to wait again super long for the check to come.  I know we were a large party, but I would expect the service at a place like this to be able to handle 10 people easily.  It was kinda lame how long we had to wait and how absent he was.  I would be back, but if I get that waiter again, i would leave.
5	do you want to be one of ocean's 11 or nick cage in leaving last vegas? if you choose to be the former, do not spend that last $60 at the poker or roulette table. here's how you should spend that $60 and still could feel like a winner even after you lost everything. - order a 3 course prix fixe dinner from nobhill for $40 - pay about $15-$16 as tip for their impeccable service (you'd feel like a high roller) - the rest goes to the city and the state, unless you know a way to avoid it... nobhill indeed is the best thing happened on the strip. where else can you enjoy a piece of michael mina for under $40? p.s. - this review is WAY overdue (like about a year!), but better late than never, right? :) i don't have that photographic memory so the review cannot be elaborated, but trust me, you'd rather bet on michael mina for $40 than anything else in vegas.
4	Nob Hill is one of those restaurants which reaffirms my faith that Las Vegas is figuring out how to do great food.If you're looking for a great date idea, stop in here either before or after going to see Ka.  Be sure to allow time for a few cocktails before dinner, the signature drinks here are outstanding (I recommend ordering a cablecar).  Now sit your butt down, order up the Prix Fixe and if you're going to the show be sure to tell them ahead of time.Unlike at the tables, at Nob Hill you're going to come away a winner.
5	My friends and I came here for dinner during one of our nights in Vegas. Normally we would do the typical "$30-$40 at a buffet" but decided to spend that $$ at a nice restaurant for a change. The food at Nobhill Tavern, as well as the service, was impeccable. The food is melt in your mouth delicious and honestly there aren't enough words to describe it. Next time you're in Vegas, why not change things up and try out Nobhill Tavern, or one of the other amazing restaurants Vegas has to offer. I guarantee you'll thoroughly enjoy it.
5	I came here for dinner on a Friday night with a group of 13 girls!  Yowzers.  Great service, great ambience, great time.I had the $26 Alaskan halibut with eggplant and ratatouille because halibut sounded healthier than scallops wrapped in bacon (although it sounded so so so good I almost cried)...  I expected the halibut to be dry and gross, but healthy, which is why I didn't even bother asking the waiter, but what.  Michael Mina is awesome?  Why yes he is because everything is good here.I tried some of my friend's mac & cheese - wow, when I was 3 years old I had NO IDEA what I was in for in the future...  Adults have it good!  FREE bread is always good because it's FREE, but this FREE bread was some darn classy FREE bread.  haha.  Love the all caps FREE?  My mom taught me well. This sourdough bread was warm and grilled, complete with the grill marks to prove that each piece was individually grilled.  Wow.  No doubt, we had no problem asking for another helping of greasy carby goodness.And out came my halibut: I was SURPRISED.  This has got to be one of the best slabs of fish I have ever had in my entire life.  Life altering.  Time stopping.  Amazing.  It was a little crisp on the outside but so mouthwatering moist on the inside.  The fish was perched on a slab of delicious eggplant, and the waiter brought out a little iron bowl of ratatouille, and scooped out a bit on top of the fish.  Everything was needless to say amazing and I will recommend this restaurant to any of my friends coming to Vegas.
4	Mmm... Who knew bread could taste soooo good. Crack good I tell you. Just had a little olive oil and sea salt and toasted over mesquite wood. You would think the smoked it with some weed. So addicting, my wife and I had several plates and they're free. I would go there just for that.We had the pre fixe dinner menu which was around $40 I think. My wife had the shrimp salad, cioppino, and creme brulee. Wife said it was pretty good. I had the pork chop (which is huge) summer gazpacho with burrata in it and a peach crisp with rose ice cream. Delicious. The pork chop was pink (for those who are neurotic about tapeworms don't eat it) moist and tender. The gazpacho was delicious and refreshing, especially with the toast. The peach crisp was good but the rose ice cream was great. Like having a bouquet of roses in front of you. The smell of roses was amazing. My only complaint was the service seemed a little slow. Other than that everything was good. I would come back for a bowl of gazpacho and the crack toast.
5	I realize that there are many amazing restaurants in Las Vegas, and yes, I chose Nobhill, even though I'm from the Bay Area.   However, I couldn't pass up their $39 (or something close to it) prefixe menu...and I esp couldn't pass up trying another Michael Mina restaurant.  And yes....Nobhill Tavern is amazing!Nobhill Tavern was everything I expected and much more.  As planned, I ordered from their prefixe menu.  I went with the Caesar salad, seafood cioppino and the creme brulee.  All of it was DELICIOUS!  My husband ordered the shrimp louie salad and pork chop (which came with an arugula side with beans).  YUM!!!The service was excellent as well as their signature cocktail, the cablecar - HIGHLY recommend it!Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be back!
5	Went here last night with the bf while the rest of the crew went to some buffet. It's nice to take in a romantic dinner when in Vegas, espeially since you'll be doin shady shit later. We stopped at the bar for a drink first and I was feeling gin, but the bartender to convinced me to get the cablecar. It's their signature drink, and I could see why. I'm not a captain fan, but this drink tasted like candy.After a few sips of the drink we headed to our table. We had originally intended on getting the tasting menu so we could spend all of our money on booze, but the menu looked so good! We decided on the oysters, fried goat cheese salad, bacon wrapped scallops, braised short ribs, and a side of the truffle mac n cheese.Service was prompt, and we got the salad and oysters inmediately. This was along with the delcious ciabatta bread that was perfectly browner but still a little doughy. The oysters were perfection, and I loved the bits of fried artichoke on top of the salad. After we finished, we received our entrees within minutes. The short ribs were perfectly tender and the scallops were amazing. I was pissed the bf got the scallops. They came with lentils cooked in bacon! Oh...my taste buds were in heaven. The mac and cheese was good, but I love gooey homemade mac and cheese so I have higher standards.The portions are huge, and I couldn't come close to finishing half of what I ordered. Of course this doesn't mean I didn't save room for another drink and dessert.Now anyone who knows me, knows I have the rule that everyone at the table gets a dessert, plus a community one (just for me) for everyone to share. But I was so full that we only got two. The chocolate souffle that came with mint chocolate chip ice cream and the peach cobbler with the rose ice creamm. Oh my god! One of the best cobblers ever. Great complimnt to my gin fizz tropicale.This place was a definite highlight of Vegas. Delicious food, great drinks, lovely atmosphere! Perfection!!!
3	As someone who knows the SF dining scene, I know Michael Mina.  I've been to his flagship restaurant twice and his newbie RN74 twice as well.   When I had a chance to visit Vegas for a night, I decided to give his Vegas place a try, Nobhill Tavern.   After all, it was recommended by a foodie friend.Sadly, Nobhill Tavern does not do the Michael Mina name right.   Our service was quite slow and just.. off... in most ways.   The restaurant wasn't extremely busy, but it seemed extremely difficult to catch the eye of a waiter.Food.  Started with the foie gras mousse and cheese fondue.  The foie gras was a terrine, not a mousse, and wasn't really that great.  Like a terrine, it was cold and difficult to spread, whereas we were expecting a more malleable format.  Tasted good, though.  Cheese fondue was nice, tasty, but really, it's a vat of melted cheese.  Tough to go wrong.Main courses.   Opted for the short ribs, which were actually really, really good, although the lighting in the restaurant makes it difficult to photograph.  The mashed potatoes were smooth and silky and the vegetables cooked very well.   Could have been prettier, but short ribs are never really pretty.    Nearly opted for the $85 (!!!) lobster pot pie, but didn't.  I'm glad, too.   It didn't look nearly as good as I was hoping it would. Dessert.   Let down.  Opted for the salty strawberry ice cream, which looked strange, had strange textures, and overall just didn't mesh well together.    The table next got souffles, which looked great.  Maybe that's a better way to go.Overall, it was pricey and tasty, but you could get a better meal for the same price in Vegas.    This place seems like it's in  a funk of sort, and while still really good, isn't living up to its full potential.
1	One Sentence Review:  Uniquely terrible service, average food.So, here is the story:I had reservations for 6 at 8:00 on a Saturday night.  I walked up to the hostess with my date.  She ignored us.  It was as if we were in the wrong place, so I walked up to the door, just in case there was a second host station.  There wasn't.  I walked back to the the host station and, after introducing myself to the hostess (she never did welcome us), I was informed that two other members of our party were at the bar.  Cold.  Really cold. We wait at the bar for a while and then start asking to be seated.  We had to ask four different people within the course of 30 minutes before anyone seated us.  The table we ultimately were seated in had been empty the entire time.  No explanation, let alone apology, for the delay.We sit down.  Two members of our party had to leave at 10:00 for a show.  We informed the server.  He said no problem.  At about 9:30, yes 1.5 hours after our reservation time, the appetizers arrive.  By the time entrees arrive the two of us who had a show to go to were on the way out the door.  They never did get more than a bite or two.  We noticed a manager-type speaking to them on their way out and handing them an envelope, and so assumed they were taken care of and continued with out now excruciatingly long meal. (note:  having done the tour at Alinea, the longer tasting menu at per se, 20 courses at Moto, etc., long meals are just fine by me.  But, averaging less than a course an hour is just ridiculous)  The rest of our entrees arrive, along with the deserts for the two of us that had to depart (clearly no communication between servers and kitchen).  I don't have a fork, but that is just the same as my pork chop is so raw that it would be unsafe to eat.  Not that I could have eaten it because the chop was surrounded by uncooked fat which no human could chew sufficiently to consume.  I excuse myself to the restroom and spit out the nastiness, return to the table, and eat the entrees left behind by our recently departed guests.I will save you the details of additional disasters (drinks that were mis-made, chairs so short that I looked like a child in need of a booster seat, laughably large candles at the table that prevented cross-table conversation, food coming out in the wrong order)This was, by far, the work dining experience I have ever had.  But the real kicker occurred the next morning when we realized that, instead of taking care of the two folks who, because of their service, were able to eat only their appetizers, the manager had given them a coupon to return for a free desert!  Seriously, a free desert!  Nothing we ate (5 different small plates, five different appetizers, five different entrees, and two deserts) was any better than the food at one of Vegas' buffets.  In fact, all I can remember are the things that went horribly wrong. Please, for your own sake, stay away.
3	3.5 stars. The food here was good and price-wise, it was actually quite reasonable. We had planned to get the prix fixe, but since we were staying at the MGM Signature, they actually had a buy one get one entree free special for those who stayed there which was a great deal. For appetizers, our group of 6 shared a Alaskan King Crab appetizer and a plate filled with the different cured porks. They were delicious. For main course, I had the bacon-wrapped scallops which were a little disappointing as it was lacking in flavor, as was the lentil stew it came with. Same for the dish my husband had - the braised shortrib. It was very tender, but I've had better. I'd go again to give it another chance, especially since the service was great, the final bill was reasonable and we had a good time over all.
4	Everything here was really well executed and the service was terrific. Our group was from San Francisco and there were comments that this is sort of like a San Fran-for-non-SFers kind of a place, i.e. California comfort food with an emphasis on ingredients but not particularly trendy or adventurous. I actually liked that, but it depends what you're looking for. Dishes we ordered included the pork chop with braised chard and farro, truffled macaroni and cheese, cioppino, market salad, and caesar salad. The pork chop was thick, juicy and delicious. The cioppino was full of amazing hunks of seafood. The truffled mac and cheese is one of those things that always sounds better than it actually is unless it's really really amazing, which it wasn't, but it was still fine. I loved the grilled bread they brought more. If you like cocktails, order one, because they were very well made. Praline sundae for dessert also surprised us with how irresistible it was, despite how full we were. All of the entrees were in the $20-30 range, with some steak dishes going above that, so it would be easy to make this a real splurge meal or just a nice dinner out, depending on how you order. All in all, I'd recommend it.
5	Had dinner here before fight night....had to try Michael Mina's lobster pot pie...They did NOT disappoint..I loved it, so delicious. It was a huge portion too! Excellent service as well. It was an amazing experience...
4	I'm very hesitant to review to this place.  I've only been once and I really did leave feeling like I didn't have the best experience (and it was my fault.)  First off, I didn't get the lobster pot pie that everyone had recommended.  And second, I ordered a very disappointing salad.  Although, it's not all my fault.  I was part of a party for two and the two-person tables were like lined up side by side so I could practically see what the people on either side of me were eating -- I'm sorry.  but for the price we paid to eat there, we could've gotten a little more real estate.  I thought that was just bad taste on whoever designed the place.  And the service was just slightly above average.  Still, the food!  The food was delicious. From the amuse bouche of watermelon gazpacho to the smores desserts, I was completely giggling and enjoying my meal.  I'm hoping my next go 'round will ensure a 5-star rating.
5	Great food with a corresponding high price.  Go here for an event dinner.  Expect a couple hour wait at normal dinner times, but you can eat at the bar or at some tables and chairs scattered near the front.  Sure there are more expensive places (tbones at the red rock comes to mind).  I had the short rib and truffed mac and cheese.  Genuine truffle flavor in the mac and an enjoyable dinner.  A french couple nearby had the lobster pot pie (market price) which is big enough for two and comes served with a pie coating on top.  It smelled heavenly with good essence of lobster, I'd recommend that even though I didn't actually eat it, just ogled.  The bread that comes with the meals is pretty good too.
4	Here's the breakdown: Hostess: Friendly/InformativeService: Attentive/FriendlyHalibut: Absolutely delightful. Might be the best I've had. Salmon: Not fresh. Very unfortunate, as the rest of the dish was great.Ratatouille: My first experience. It was delicious.Wine: Expensive...but excellent selection.Will I be back?: Do things that happen in Vegas, stay in Vegas?
5	One of the other fabulous bridesmaids in my friend's wedding selected this spot for our pre-going-out girl's dinner. It was a huge hit. I think it ended up being a very affordable $100 or so a person for 7 girls. We got a little sloppy toward the end but I do recall the following amazing dishes: Cheese fondue, a tasty salad with goat cheese, truffle mac and cheese. These were smaller apps we all shared. Everyone also really liked the cheeseburger sliders tho I didn't try those because I was fixated on fondue and mac and cheese two of my most favorite things. For the main course many of us opted to try the chicken and dumplings and the short ribs. They were both fabulous. I highly recommend Nobhill Tavern for either a group outing or dining with a smaller party. It's a great value and everything was delicious! It's nice to find an affordable yet still high quality Michael Minna restaurant!
5	Sometimes you need to go for a full three hours to feel satisfied.Variation after variation, experimentation upon experimentation. Pushing the boundaries of taste and sensation.But sometimes you only have 45 minutes to cut to the chase, knock it out and hit the road.That was the case with Nobhill Tavern.After consecutive 3 hour tastings at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon (http://www.yelp.com/biz/latelier-de-joel-robuchon-las-vegas-2#hrid:hhI-P-rlC0nh3ePOvUsoNA) and Fleur de Lys (http://www.yelp.com/biz/fleur-de-lys-las-vegas#hrid:ssAizDirPAyAkLFt-cFexg) over the past two nights, I had 45 minutes for a final meal in Vegas. It was either that or stop on the drive home at Baker or Barstow and their fine dining options are limited. And by limited I mean non-existent. There was no way I was ending my Vegas eating adventure with drive-thru.And then Nobhill beckoned. Inviting, warm, familiar. And with the promise of quick and easy satisfaction.Who was I to say no?Walking through her doors, I was welcomed by a comfortable and warmly lit space. On the right are semi-private booths, separated by glass and curtains. On the left, a long narrow wooden bar with padded leather stools, rows of bottles and glasses lining backlit bookcases behind it. Explore further and the space opens into a larger dining room at the rear of the restaurant. I chose the private booth for our brief liaison, something I would highly recommend. Decorated in warm shades of brown and tan, leather, suede and wood, Nobhill Tavern feels at once neighborhoody and familiar. Kinda like Cheers for foodies.The food here is Michael Mina's take on modern American tavern fare. It serves as a counterpoint to Mina's other Las Vegas restaurants: Michael Mina (the Vegas outpost of his signature San Francisco restaurant), Stripsteak (steak) and Seablue (seafood).Being on a tight schedule, I skipped the foreplay of appetizers and cut right to the main course. Braised short ribs with whipped potatoes, a Worchestershire sauce and glazed mirepoix. The short ribs were deliciously tender, moist and flavorful. For a simple dish, one of the best executions of braised short ribs in recent memory. The mashed potatoes were creamy and silky smooth, forming a perfect pillow under the generous square of short rib and soaking up the sauce as it flowed off the meat. The glazed vegetables and greens were good too but I was here for a different kind of satisfaction. And this dish did not disappoint.My dining partner ordered the American Kobe burger, "secret sauce" and balsamic onions, with a side of fries. As good as my short ribs were, I have to say this was one of the best Kobe burgers I have ever had. Nothing too fancy in its construction, basically just patty, lightly toasted sesame seed bun, with some caramelized onions, tomato and "secret sauce" (i.e. some form of mayo), it was the quality of the patty that really made the burger. Again, moist, dripping with flavor, and well seasoned. The fries were also excellent. Thin cut and double, maybe triple, fried for crispiness. We actually took the remainder of the fries with us for the road.I would have stayed for a drink but couldn't linger. Payment was made for services very well rendered and a generous tip for extras.I hit the road feeling both satiated and excited to come back for a longer session next time I'm in Vegas. In the meantime, I've already made a booking for XIV back in LA.But sometimes a quickie is all you need to leave Vegas a winner.
5	I had what was quite possibly the best meal of my life at Nobhill Tavern.  The Sonoma Chicken Tetrazinni was so amazing - I had never tasted chicken like that before. So moist, so tender, full-flavored - the way chicken was meant to taste.  The dish came with truffled macaroni and cheese which was also to die for.  The portions aren't huge but the flavors are so rich that you are completely satisfied with what you get. The service was impeccable. The ambiance was gorgeous.  Nobhill Tavern is worth every penny.This is a short review - my mind is flooded with memories of my meal there and I can no longer concentrate.  I need to drive to Vegas right now.
3	After all the good reviews about this place - we were pretty disappointed. The truffle mac and cheese was terrible, and when we told the waiter that later he said it was pry made wrong. The fondue was also pretty bad, tasted like melted cheese rather than real fondue. The atmosphere was nice, but it was also extremely empty for a late Thursday night. We pretty much ate everything off the apps menu. Maybe dinner would be better. They do bring good bread with the meal though!
5	Okay, BAR NONE, you MUST go to this place!  the decor is romantic, not too crowded and the food was beyond excellent!  I had my wedding reception there for nine folks and not a single person had a bad word to say about it.  The authentic Cesar Salad, the bomb, wine parings excellent, oysters yummy (could be bigger though) and oh my GOD...The LOBSTER POT PIE is more than everyone raves about. I have no idea how much it cost and really who cares when it tastes so damned good! The service was impeccable and everyone was very friendly. I only wish my stomach was bigger so I could have eaten more. When we go back to Vegas, it's my FIRST STOP for dinner.   The food just melts in your mouth.  We all ordered something different and my sister  had dessert and just closed her eyes and smiled on the first bite. We'll be back Michael...keep on rockin dude!!
5	My friends and I came to Vegas for a friend's birthday, we had Michael Mena's XVI in Los Angeles and loved it, so we had to try Nobhill in Vegas.  We were able to get reservations in the back near the painting that looks like a close up of a hairy man's thigh.  My biggest complaints for the place is the one stall bathroom and that some of the seats need to be replaced (half our table sunk into the wood frame).  It was great that we had 10 people to dinner, we were able to try almost everything off the entree menu.  Everything was delicious!!  The braised beef, Ahi Tuna, Lobster Pot Pie, Scallops, Steak, etc.. all amazing.  The Lobster pot pie is pricey, but it was huge so its worth it to share..  MP which was $85. Staff was super friendly and did a good job taking care of our large size table.
4	Had a good time at Nobhill, the food was pretty good and the service was attentive-- had the braised short ribs and mac and cheese.  The meat itself was excellent, but I have to say that the other stuff on the plate had a tad too much salt.  Will definitely have to try his other restaurants in the future...
3	my med rare rib eye was above average even though i ordered it medium, good thing it was a michael mina joint. our waitress took 20 min to inform us that the kitchen had run out of rib eyes. half our table had to sub for fillets which were overcooked and looked dry. the meatballs were good and the sauce it came in was better, the bread was second only to the cinnamon rolls at texas roadhouse. the food was excellent, the service was slow and booboo.
5	we have been there three times and i have zero complaints. none. nada. been perfect every time. looking forward to returning. us locals have all the luck...won't tell you about the super deals they run for us ;-)
4	Had the fall 3 course menu and added the truffled mac and cheese to my order based on the hype it gets.BreadVery so so. I expected a better bread basket. The focaccia was over grilled. The rosemary olive oil was amazing though, the bread was more something to eat it off of (as opposed to my hands!)Shrimp LouieVery nice presentation, but pretty average taste. Too drenched in the sauce for my taste.Pork chopPretty amazing. I don't even like pork but once in a while at a good restaurant I will take my chances and order the pork chop. The one here was beautifully cooked, and came with a side that was delicious. This dish can alone be a meal - generous portion.Truffled mac and cheeseGood, nothing special. Didn't live up to the hype. I've had better takes on mac and cheese in nyc.Pecan praline sundaeRefreshing, and very good. But nothing special or creative that shows off a talented dessert chef.So overall, 3.5 stars. Rounds up on yelp rather than down since the portion sizes were not microscopic, service was excellent, and the ambiance ROCKS!! Loved just sitting here --- a very comfortable vibe.
3	Ok, let me start by saying, I've only been once, and I wish there was a 3.5 star rating.  Perhaps if I go back more, they'll earn the 4th star.On a recent stay in Vegas we were given a $50 dining credit to be spend on a "Fine Dining" restaurant in the MGM Grand.  We chose this restaurant because they had the broadest selection of food given the choices.From the hostess stand outside, and the decor, it gives you the appearance of Fine Dining, but I'd have to say different parts of the experience don't say fine dining.   In my book to qualify for fine dining, music should be soft in the background and you shouldn't notice it it should just be a light soundtrack.   Music was a little loud and they played an electric selection.  Also to be fine dining, tables should be far enough spaced apart so you can talk in a normal inside voice and not hear your neighbors conversation and also be far enough away that you can make a graceful exit to the ladies room without bits of your body being in front of the people at the next table. Also, long sleeved flannel shirts shouldn't be allowed.The waitress and serving staff were very professional, my water glass never got lower than half, and they didn't get that snooty ignore-you-attitude  because we didn't order alcohol.Menu choices ranged from burgers to seafood to chops which was nice, there is something for just about everyone.To start they bring you grilled bread that has been grilled on actual wood which was tasty, but we only got 2 pieces and we noticed the tables next to us (which are so close you can't help but notice what is going on) got a basket  full.  Luckily one of the servers came over right away and asked if we would like more.For entrees I got the kurobuta pork chop which came with swiss chard and toasted farro salad.  My dining companion chose bacon wrapped scallops which came with sauteed vegetables and lentils.  I do not eat seafood, so I didn't taste the scallops, but they were larger, and my dining companion said they were delicious.  I got a taste of the vegetables that weren't near the scallops, and they were various shades of carrots sauteed in butter and they were good.  The lentils came out in a small iron crock which made it easy to share, unfortunately they were not share-worthy.  Basic plain, meh lentils with not much other flavor.The pork chop was cooked over wood, nicely charred on the outside but juicy on the inside.  It was my first time with kurobuta pork and while it was nice and juicy, I can't say the flavor was any better than regular pork.  The swiss chard was braised and delicious and the toasted farro salad was really, really good.  I'd never had farro before but based on this I am now a big fan.To cap off the night a delicious silky smooth maple creme brulee which had a nice maple flavor without being overpowering or artificial tasting.On the way out, all the servers we had made a point to wish us a good night which I thought was nice.I'd like to go back again, and perhaps try other dishes, I would have liked it better if we weren't packed in like sardines with tables being six inches away from each other, I was close enough to hold hands with the person next to me.  The restaurant was no where near full by the time we left, so we could have been spaced out more.
4	Enticing menu, fantastic food, beautiful decor, sexy atmosphere, large portions. Order Lobster pot pie to truly experience the Chef's brilliance and the art of eating a lobster pot pie. However, two negative points from this dining experience...we had to remind our server to bring out the wine with main course and the bathroom situation (1 stall per) kind a put a damper on our time there.
4	I visit Vegas quite often, but I always leave disappointed in the many high end restaurants except for this one.  The Braised Short Rib topped with Foie Gras is like a picnic in my mouth.  It floats atop a bed of savory broth of pasta pearls.  The Foie Gras is perfectly pan seared, Short Ribs brilliantly braised, and the pearls are textured to the tasting.The Maine Lobster Pot Pie market price can be a bit discouraging, but don't be fooled; it can serve 2.  It comes out in a medium cooking pot with a pastry top.  The server breaks the pastry and serves the creamy goodness on your plate.
4	I've passed this place many times in MGM thinking it was fine dining but was surprised to be casual.  I ordered the Seafood Cioppino and had a really good salad for appetizer.  I can't remember the name but it was really good. I have to come back and try the wine pairing.
4	What to do when you're in Las Vegas and already missing home? Stop by the Nobhill Tavern by Michael Mina of course ! A sumptuously designed restaurant distilling the essence of what a tavern should be by adding a modern twist.  Alcoholic beverages to accomodate  weary travelers and a comprehensive fusion cuisine to satisfy any palate.   The long walls of panelled glass draped in a dark forest green fine haberdashery provided the intimate dining cubicles complete with soft lit lighting and music to soothe the spirit. What I tasted from the menu: Shared lobster rolls- perfectly seasoned and just the right homemade mayo and herbs to highlight the sweet lobster meat on light pillow bread. Delicious. Striped bass cooked perfectly crispy skin and translucent white meat, simply salt and pepper seasoning- perfect with delicious broth. Sides of Green kale and cannelloni and kidney beans ( a bit too salty). The highly recommended lobster pot pie was as sublime as what our server described it as being. It is comparable to the Plaza Athenee Lobster except the domed buttery pastry covering the lobster "stew" was replaced by a heavenly souffle. The lobster consomme was delicious and velvety smooth with hints of the remaining essence of cognac stewed in the mirepoix juices for hours and hours. Dessert I tried was the Tarte Tatin- but found it substantially redone that it lost the simple goodness of what this tart should have been. Just full bold caramelization of the apples on a buttery dough. Their dough was hard and overly seasoned cinnamon and cloves. It doesn't need to be a purist to really say that it was just a poor rendition. Minus one star. Other mentionable: Drinks were well made with special attention to the Martinis andour attentive server provided impeccable service.PS. It was a wonderful start to celebrate NYE. Woot Woot! :-) Happy New Year!!!
4	great restaurant. the bread service is wonderful. i suggest this shrimp louie to start and for entrees the kurobuta pork chop (so tender and juicy), new york strip steak (done very well)  and lobster pot pie (it's served and presented tableside) if you really want to wow table mates. they have weekly specials. saturday nights are not to be missed, it's prime rib night.  also the bartenders here know how to make a good classic drink. what i like about this place is that menu is not quite a la carte. main dishes aren't just entrees but actually come with other accompaniments but you can order additional sides to split.
2	We had tickets to KA and decided to get reservations at Nobhill since I've eaten at other Mina restaurants like XVI and have had good experiences plus I was missing my regional bay area cuisine.  Our show was at 9:30 and our reservations were at 7:45 giving us plenty of time to relax ... or so I thought.The restaurant decor was very nice and the host told us right away that it was quite busy and that our table wasn't ready.  We waited about 15 minutes and the hostess gave us 3 glasses of complimentary champagne, which was a nice gesture given the wait.We finally got seated and ordered a bottle of sumptous Duckhorn Sauvignon Blanc and the rest of the wine list looked good.  We shared a small appetizer of truffle mac and cheese and one of my companions remarked that it was the best he's ever tasted. We ordered two chicken and dumplings and I ordered the seafood cioppino.  This was at about 8:10PM and there were a lot of large groups because of the tradeshow we were attending.  We had informed the waitress that we had KA tickets and that we had to be at the show on time at 9:30.  Then the waiting started.  At about 9:00PM, the manager came by to let us know ours were coming out in a few minutes.  Then another 15 minutes went by and finally our food arrived at 9:15 giving us 10-12 minutes to eat.  I scarfed down my ciopinno and the fish was done well, rare in the center for tuna and well done for the salmon.  The scallop was a bit undercooked but the problem was the tomato broth that severely underseasoned and lacked in robustness.  This was especially needed since the seafood was not very seasoned so the dish tasted slightly bland.  My companions remarked the chicken was good but the dumplings were unevenly salted with some bites saltier than others.  Given the significant wait time and nothing being done after serving our food (no discount or apologies), I can only give them 2 stars.  If there was no service issue, this would be a 3 1/2 star.
5	I was very surprised that we left extremely satisfied. When we entered the restaurant lighting was very dim, there were some small private rooms to the right, and were only like 5 tables eating. I was waiting to try the Halibut with ratatouille, but unfortunately it wasn't on the menu. From that point I almost wanted to walk out and go to Fiamma Trattoria for their lobster and dumplings, but we were sooo glad we stayed. Furthermore, I figured almost all the restaurants in Vegas have shortened menus from what they have on line. For the price the food was remarkable, outstanding, very awesome. Yup you should definitely try this restaurant. The only down side was out waiter was standing very far away doing nothing....he didn't even refill our water. The other servers were much better than ours....it just depends on your luck. Food 5 stars Complimentary San Francisco Sourdough- The large loaf of bread was cut into large pieces and cooked in olive oil. My parents said it tasted great, but I was saving room for my entree. 1. Chicken and dumplings- My dad was very bold to go for this item and he succeeded. He said it was the best piece of chicken he had ever tasted, and he talked about throughout the whole weekend. He said the chicken was very tender on the inside and crispy on the outside. It was flavored just to his liking. He even like the gnocchi which was surprising, because he usually doesn't. It even came with a small side of creamed broccoli and carrots which complimented the dish very well. 2. Striped bass- Good thing I didn't get the same reaction as I would get when I eat sea bass. I always get a stomach discomfort every time I eat sea bass, so I was I glad I left with a happy tummy. The fish was cooked so soft and without a fishy smell there usually is in striped bass. It came with a side of beans which I usually hate, but now I love. I guess there is always a time to try something new. 3. Salmon- It looked absolutely beautiful. It was a thick and square piece of fish and lightly pink in the center. It's texture was cooked perfectly and it wasn't rare. My mom cooks the best piece of salmon in the world and she said that it tasted great. Unfortunately I didn't get a bite. 4. Brussels Sprouts- I wouldn't order this again the next time I come back. Way to much fatty bacon and oil in this dish. Good thing the entrees were very pleasant.
3	Food was good.  Service was mixed.  Wierd interaction with a bartender who said the place had nothing to do with San Francisco.  All the marketing in the hotel seemed to lend itself that way.
5	Very much a favorite of my wife and I.  We really enjoy the private dining spaces.The food, particularly the beef, has always been beyond delicious and of extremely high quality.  The service is perfect and does not intrude or detract from the intimate atmosphere.  They have an excellent selection of wines in a wide variety of prices.  We have spent several hundred dollars here for the two of us with a nice bottle of wine and have always felt that the experience was a great value. The meals you can have here are the type that you will be talking about for years.  A true dining experience.
4	I've dined here several times and the food is always stellar and service is great. Pork, steak, chicken, seafood, it's all delicious and beautifully presented. Reserve a booth for an intimate meal. It's a real treat!
4	Before you head in to the restaurant, go valet instead of self park. The garage is miles from the casino at the MGM! Ambiance is great; the decor is sumptuous browns and golds. Was a little disappointed in the place mats; classic black leather, but very scuffed. Service is excellent; we had at least three to four servers flitting about at all times. Granted, we were a large party of 12, but I never was looking around for someone. I had the steak, which was acceptable for an upscale restaurant, but not their best dish. The seafood was where they really excelled. Cold seafood sampler platter was fresh with great sauces; I recommend the ground mustard sauce with the crab legs. If you can only stop by once, try the Maine Lobster Pot Pie. I won't spoil the surprise, but the tableside presentation alone is worth the price (which I don't know since it's market price and I didn't pay). =P
4	I'm positive that our server was less than thrilled that we waltzed in at 9:15pm on Sunday night, but it had been one of those days and I was SERIOUSLY in need of (several) cocktails.  Thanks for being a trooper, man!So I started with a sazerac, which was a bit sweet, but good.  Unfortunately, that went down pretty quickly.  I have to thank my new bff behind the bar, though, for not screwing around and serving me a perfect Bombay Sapphire martini.  I know what you're thinking, but my day was that bad that mixing was of absolutely NO concern at that point.I decided to have the chicken & dumplings, which was everything I dreamed it would be and more.  Great comfort food, but light enough that I didn't want to barf after.  Perfect.  All around, the perfect fix for a horrible nightmare of a day.  I am no longer shaking and life is good!
5	Where to go after the N.O. Saints win Superbowl XLIV? NOB HILL TAVERN, that's where! Making the reservation was easy and pleasant. The man who took my reso actually greeted me as i wondered past the crazy 'ching-ching-ching' of the slot machines and said "We've been expecting you Miss.....". We were seated in a private booth that was excluded from the rest of the restaurant. I loved this because the way our meal went, I don't know if I wanted anyone else to see how good we had it. Here are the courses we had:(by the way, the chef gave us a tasting menu - we told him bring us whatever he thought we should try!)Classic French Onion Soup, Gruyere Grilled CheesePuree of Celeriac Soup, Celery Branch, Toasted WalnutMarket Salad, Fried Goat Cheese, Artichokes & Black OlivesEscarole Salad with cherry Tomato and Blue Cheese Classic Cheese FondueBBQ Pulled Pork Finger SandwichesNew England Lobster RollsSan Francisco Cioppino, Shellfish, Tomato-Pepper BrothAtlantic Salmon, Shallot Potato Salad, Roasted Mushrooms, Mustard VinBraised Short Rib, whipped carrots and braised Napa cabbageJapanese Sirloin (this was freakin amazing) whipped potatoes, French Round CarrotsApple Tarte Tatin and Chai ice creamChocolate Mousse cake with Hazelnut ice cream and candied hazelnuts with hazelnut tuille and honeyWe got there at 7:30 and left at midnight. We actually walked from the MGM all the way back to the Mirage just to let everything settle. It was a phenomenal meal and I can't wait to go back and take friends. Wow!!!
2	What can I say. Disappointed!! Very disappointed. Especially after reading the Yelp reviews. I did a lot of research on where to eat in Las Vegas. I did not want to pay the $200.00 plus price tag of some of the top top rated places, but, I am a foodie and wanted a memorable meal. First, my partner and I had a reservation, and were seated at an extremely large 4-6 top table (I usually appreciate a big table) however, this was completely impersonal. By the way we were eating at 6:30 p.m. so it was not crowded. We asked for another table and were seated at a banquette. The server arrived, but acted as if he was not expecting company. The best experience was with the sommelier, whose name unfortunately I cannot remember. He gave great recommendations for glasses of wine and even brought tastes for my partner. He was very friendly and nice to talk to(more later).My partner ordered the kobe beef burger and I ordered the San Francisco Cioppino (imagining that this would be stellar given Michael Mina's roots).  The burger was terrific, the fries however, were over salted(I am a salt lover, so really too much) and frankly pretty ordinary. Now to my Cioppino, first, it was obvious from the first bite that the fish and shellfish were pre-cooked, no, really. I could not believe it, also, the temperature of the whole dish was off. The "broth" which is actually more like a tomato saucea was not hot enough, too thick and just bland and ordinary tasting. The combination of the pre-cooked fish and shellfish was really not good. I only ate the lobster tail and the scallop(also not cooked correctly). The sommelier came by towards the end of the meal and asked how everything was (the server never returned to ask). I asked him if he really wanted to know and I told him about the above. I saw him tell the server, who never asked us and just brought us a trio of sorbets (the chocolate was yummy but the peach and mango tasted like Sharon's.) Overall, I would never recommend this restaurant or eat here again. I was glad to take the complimentary copy of WIne Spectator with Michael Mina on the cover, but would be reticent to try his restaurants again.
4	When you step into Nobhill's back dining room, you actually forget that your in Vegas.  Great atmopshere for either an intimate or group dinner.  On a girls weekend in Vegas we stopped here for dinner and it was really good.The staff is awesome and very accomodating.  Highly recommend making reservations ahead of time.  The drinks are really great here!  Each girl had something different and all were pretty amazing.  You really don't notice how strong they are till later.The food itself was yummy!  Make sure that someone in your party gets the Lobster Pot Pie. The presentation and the actual dish itself was amazing. Most of the sides were really great.  Our only downfall was dessert.  We were not happy with any of the desserts, which is a definite "no no" for a group of women.  We tried several and we were bummed because the food was so good.  The staff even brought us others to compensate for our original dessert order, and they were not comprabable.  So definitely go there for the drinks and meal!
3	The restaurant is really nice and surprisingly affordable for what it is.  We arrived on time but the host still made us wait about 10 minutes.  When we walked in there were plenty of open tables so I'm not sure why.  Maybe the waiters were busy.  The sommelier was very, very nice and suggested a bottle of wine that was fantastic.  Our waiter was really nice at first but after we ordered he seemed disinterested.  I don't know what the reason could have possibly been but I am guessing because we didn't order any of the menu items that he suggested (which were also the most expensive).  I had the short rib which was very tasty, and my boyfriend had the pork chop that was equally as good.  For dessert I had the tiramisu crepes which topped it off.  I would definitely recommend eating here if you are in Vegas, but heads up that service can be off.
3	Good:1. The rosemary breads were out of this world.2. The BEST sauteed brussel sprout with thick bacons.2. The service was decent.Bad:1. It took 15 minutes for the bread to come out.2. Lobster pot pie was kinda dry and for $80 a piece I expected a culinary perfection. instead, the crust was very dry and the pot pie wasn't too saucy. 3. For a high-end eatery, they should be mindful of space between tables. Too loud and too cramped. Hint: check out Aureole or Michael Mina SF setup. Don't come here if you want to have a romantic dinner. Come here because you have two hours to have a decent meal before walking over to the Ka theatre.
5	Everything on the menu sounded amazing, but I ended up with the pork chop and it was delicious.  The pork was juicy and tender and the jus was just concentrated flavor.  The Swiss chard was cooked just right and mixed with the salty chunks of bacon tasted beyond anything I expected.  The toasted farro salad offered just the right complement, mild but still tasty and hearty enough to stand up to the other strong flavors on the plate.  The farro is served in a fun little metal pot and spooned by the server onto your plate at the table.  The dish is very generous as far as portions go, too, I took half of it home with me.  My friend said she enjoyed the salmon as well.  My other friend got the Kobe beef burger and it was good though very tall, which made eating it a tad difficult.  It came with a giant cone of fries in a stand.  The fries were perfectly done, golden, crispy, and flavorful; they were cut fast-food style but so much better.We were seated near the bread prep station which was fun to watch and got me looking forward to our bread basket.  It came with three kinds of bread (mm the focaccia) and a great garlic olive oil.We walked in around 9:30 on a Saturday night and were seated immediately.  The staff were totally accommodating, even when half our party failed to show up.  They just shrunk our table (at our preference).  Only quibble was a little bit of a long wait for our check after we were done, but only noticeable due to the otherwise impeccable experience and because we were in a hurry (after having waited for the rest of the party for so long).  Understandable also, since we were watching our server dishing out multiple lobster pot pies a couple tables over.
3	solid food. They brought sourdough bread and cheese fondue, followed by bread, which seem redundant and lame frankly. Michael...hello!!!first course was a spring pea soup with creme fraiche. The taste was subtle, but the freshness was very apparent. The creme fraiche was unlike others I've had - very solid - perhaps over refrigerated.Main course of short ribs were braised to a savory softness. I loved potted meats.I asked the server to pick her favorite dessert and got the goat cheese cheesecake. Great choice.The wine pairing was worth it. The whites were wonderful. The red with the ribs was a Mina cuvee Syrah from the Central Coast. It was ok, nothing to write about, so I wont anymore.
5	We had Nobhill on our list of restaurants to try in Las Vegas. Really it was our throwaway restaurant.  If we made it great, if not that was fine too. We liked the menu but didn't have really high expectations. Wow, we were a little misguided. Nobhill is great. Absolutely great.I don't want to blather on and on about our experience but our meals were perfect, the service was friendly and helpful, and the room was beautiful. We left Nobhill wondering why we had underestimated it before we went. If you're going to Las Vegas this is definitely worth adding to your list for a great meal in an intimate room.
3	There are so many restaurant options in Vegas that it's always difficult to choose a restaurant, and I have had so many amazing restaurant experiences that I was a little disappointed with Nob Hill.We wanted to do a nice dinner before heading to a show so we decided to try the Spring Tasting Menu. This included four course, beginning with the cheese fondue and Sourdough, which was delicious. It was a little puzzling because they also brought a basket of grilled rosemary bread and biscuits, I think it was a little overkill and would have simply been fine with the fondue and sourdough.The next course was a greens salad with some amazing beets, a huge block of goat cheese sat in the middle. I thought this course was also very good - I loved the combination of the beets and goat cheese. However, again it was a little too much, and i left half of the block of goat cheese.The third course was the short ribs - a huge chunk of meat. I have never really had short ribs like this. At first it tasted good with the bbq type sauce and puree (I also liked the pearl onions it came with) but it was again too much - also cutting into it - it had a flaccid unappealing look to it. I have definitely had much better short ribs (Try Huber Keller's Fleur de Lys)The fourth course was bread pudding, my husband really liked it, I thought it was just ok. It had bananas, caramel and cream so of course it was good but it was a little too much like french toast for me.Overall, the servers were friendly but the food took forever.  If I ever came back I would just order an entree because the tasting menu is way too much food - they need to downsize the portions from what they normally serve - and the entree was a little disappointing.
1	My group went to Nobhill Tavern for the late night happy hour, expecting to have one of the best meals of our Vegas trip.  We were nothing but disappointed. Service:  We had one of those servers who think nothing is more impressive than not writing down our orders.  I told him three times I wanted the little wedge salad with NO BACON.  When the salad came, it had bacon.  Of course.  Everything else we ordered arrived, and he came to check on us after we had finished.  We told him we never got our flatbread.  Obviously, he forgot to put it in, but instead of fessing up he told us it takes a long time because they make each one fresh.  So...does that mean everything else we got was just sitting around?  When the flatbread came a few minutes later, it wasn't even warm.  There was nothing about it that would have taken any longer than the rest of our order.Food:  We ordered the beer battered shrimp, two lobster rolls, the little gem wedge salad, flatbread, and house made chips and dip.  The chips and dip came first, and were the best I've ever had - ah, we had such high hopes for Nobhill!  However, the shrimp were nothing special, and $8 for four pieces of shrimp is nuts if there is nothing special about them.  The lobster rolls had a weird fake-lemon taste, in a bad way.  The wedge salad came with four halves of grape tomatoes (so only two tomatoes total), three small pieces of bacon (that I didn't want), and three chunks of iceberg lettuce with a flavorless blue cheese dressing.  The flatbread was basically a cracker with a spinach/tomato topping.  It was all mediocre, the lobster rolls were actually on the bad side.  Everything was $8 for the late night menu, but the chips and dip were $5.Overall, my expectations were not met, and I will not be back.
2	The restaurant has a very nice decor and the waiters are very nice.  But the food to me was so so.   I had the lobster pot pie ( their signature dish) and it was not very tasty.  Interesting presentation though.  The pot pies are brought out in big pans.  After the flaky crust is cut away from the pan and placed on plate.  the filling is carefully arranged over the crust.  By the time the waiter finished the food was already half cold.  And the crust underneath the lobster was not flaky and crunchy anymore.  Not the warm flaky crust with hot stuffing that I'm used to.  The rest of the entres at the table didn't look too appetizing either.
3	3.5 starsHonestly, I was expecting more from a Michael Mina restaurant.  The best part of the meal was my salmon, a very important part, but I thought everything would be outstanding.My boyfriend had the bacon wrapped scallops served with lentils and carrots, really I could have made this at home.  The scallops tasted like a beginner had cooked them.  There was absolutely nothing stand out about this dish.I had the pre-fixe menu which starts off with cheese fondue to share.  I had the market salad with beets and goat cheese with a citrus vinaigrette.  The dressing was too citrus-y and overpowering.  My salmon on the other hand was amazing.  I normally don't order salmon at restaurants, but this was what caught my eye.  I had it prepared medium rare and it was pan sauteed and then roasted for a crispy outside.  It was served with shitake mushrooms and white asparagus with a mushroom emulsion.For dessert we ordered the bread pudding with caramel pecan ice cream.  It was ok.  I like my bread pudding to have some texture and not just be mush.  It needed way more ice cream than it came with. Service was standard, nothing special.  Wine list is WAY WAY overpriced.  A glass of Chalone Pinot Noir costs $17 and I know that whole bottle costs like $14.With the variety that Vegas offers, I wish I could have tried somewhere else.
4	Second time eating here, very nice. First time was by myself at the bar, great service, decent food and drink. Second time, chose to go back over going to a slew of other places with the girlfriend. This time, slower service, decent food and drink. Not 5 star but not bad at all. Could be a standby in Vegas, could try something new.
1	We went to Nobhill Tavern for dinner before going to see Cirque's KA. It was nicely located right next to the KA theater. I was not impressed whatsoever. Our waiter was completely unfriendly. He treated us like we were little kids. All I wanted to say to him was honey, you work here, you don't own the place. We spent $130 on wine, a glass of champagne and appetizers. I couldn't believe the prices. Completely outrageous for cheeseburger sliders and wood fired sausage. The sliders were oversalted. I couldn't take a second bite. The only word that comes to mind when I think of the sausages is NASTY. They were rubbery and had no flavor.The only good thing we had was the charcuterie platter which consisted of salami, ham, pate (which was phenomenal), bread, a few pickles, onions and whole grain honey mustard. Honestly, I can create a platter similar to this if not better at home.I won't be going back to Nobhill... ever.
4	My boyfriend and I were planning on going to deigo but changed our minds at the last minute and dined here instead...great move! We walked right in got our own private booth and the food was delish!!! Yum!!! Try a glass of champagne and the shrimp cocktail! Although not as good as craftsteak it is a bit cheaper. My only thing was the service needs a little improvement but I would return anyway.
4	This restaurant is a favorite of mine in Vegas. Have been here multiple times. Great Caesar salad, very interesting rendition of onion soup that comes with a dipping grilled cheeese sandwich, a fantastic lobster pot pie and a great chicken with dumplings. Good service.
2	Stopped by this place to meet up with colleagues for a glass of wine or two.  I didn't eat here, so this review is somewhat incomplete.The wine selection was pretty good, but I thought it was expensive.  The servers were very nice, but they were very clumsy.  In the 2 hours I was there, the bartender spilled a drink he was preparing all over the bar and almost spilled it on me.....then he dropped a dish and it broke all over the floor.  This happened with 5 people in the bar....not like he was distracted by all of the business....ha!Will I return?  Probably not....unless a friend or colleague makes me.
4	A decent wine list, and the cheese fondue was good.  Service was very good and quick.  But really what it comes down to - I just had the most amazing lobster pot-pie.  It was really incredible - with a fabulous cream sherry sauce.  Completely a splurge for a pot pie, but well worth the experience.
5	I made reservations at Nobhill because it looked like a nice place to have dinner in the $$$ range and had an approachable American menu that could please all parties involved in this dinner. First off, the restaurant is beautiful. Dark woods, dim lighting, and lots of mirrors to open the room up. The wait staff contrasts the look with off-white shirts and vests. My date and I were immediately sat for our 7:30pm reservation. We were sat and instantly greeted at the table by last name. I ordered a bottle of Stag's Leap Petite Syrah and the charcutierie plate which consisted of salami, prosciutto, speck, pate, gherkins, mustard and buttery toasted brioche. The bread basket had black pepper biscuits, grilled foccacia and toasted ciabatta bread. They too went well with the charcutierie plate. For entrees my lady had the prime rib, with a side of whipped horseradish potatoes. I had the Kurobuta pork chop with toasted farro, and braised Swiss chard with BACON! The prime rib was cooked to perfection. It was accompanied with whipped horseradish creme fraiche. It was a simple dish, cooked to perfection. My pork chop was awesome. Moist, well seasoned and crisp on out side. For dessert I took one for the team and ordered the chocolate mousse cake (Anyone who knows me, knows I HATE chocolate with a passion). The cake was served with Strawberry sorbet and adorned with strawberries, micro arugula and balsamic syrup. An awesome chocolate dessert. This was a lovely dining experience. Best I've been apart of in a while.
5	Oh what a night!We rolled out of "KA" at the MGM, and began walking the restaurants to see which menu spoke to us. My girlfriend and I decided that a lobster pot pie from Michael Mina was a MUST.The hostess informed us that the restaurant was full, but we could sit in the bar with dinner service. This was really our lucky night... as that's where the coolest bartender (Tim) is stationed!We nabbed the best table, where we were able to see the action in the bar, as well as watch the bustle of the casino. SWEET! Fortunately, our dinner matched our view.Appetizer:- Charcuterie tasting plate for 2: an Atkins designed plate of tasty meats, mustard and tiny addicting pickles. There were also the most heavenly pieces of toasted warm bread to use... which were out of this world.Dinner:- Maine Lobster Pot Pie: This is the show stopper people! I wasn't sure what to expect, but when they wheeled out the "Shrek-sized" pot, I almost fell off my chair! This is almost a deconstructed pot pie, as they slice off the top, lay it on the plate then pile the ingredients on top. The lobster tail is in the shell, sliced into pieces. They artfully reassemble it on the plate with the tasty veggies. Worth every penny of the $90.00 price tag. It was practically the meal AND the entertainment!- Bacon Wrapped Scallops: cooked to perfection, and delish. The apple strings on top make the dish. They held their own to the lobster, but just weren't as cool on the presentation.And if all of this sweet chow wasn't enough? Our prince of a bartender was making himself busy, bringing us his recommended concoctions. Their signature "Cable Car" martini was one the the best cocktails I've ever experienced. Seriously, it had carmelized sugar around the ring!!If you're at the MGM, don't skip this dining experience. And do skip the fussy dining room in favor of the tall bar table, to the left of the entrance overlooking the casino.
3	Would have been a 4 star experience if not for the service. First off  the maitre d was helpful and charming. I waited a bit for anyone to come by and when my waiter did come he was disinterested and unhelpful. When I asked how the Brussels Sprouts were prepared he said they were grilled but in a tone that indicated I was stupid for asking. I shook it off and ordered the chilled English pea soup, beer-battered shrimp appetizer & Brussels sprouts side dish. I was slightly annoyed when everything arrived at once but the waiter who delivered everything was quite helpful in explaining key elements of the dish. The soup was served with creme fraiche and was quite refreshing.  The Brussel sprouts are served in a small cast iron skillet with pork, something my apathetic waiter might have wanted to mention. Nevertheless they were very good. The clear star was the shrimp, perfectly fried and seasoned. They were accompanied by delicous yucca steps and an avocado sauce. I ate each dish one by one and my waiter failed to remove a single dish from the table. He gave me a refill and never removed a dish, he brought the check and never removed a dish. The table actually got cleared when the maitre d' was walking by and picked up the menagerie of empty dishes after I received and signed the check.. I will add that I was sitting in the lounge and there was only one other table. I would recommend the food, but brace yourself for apathetic service.
2	Sat at the bar about 5 minutes to 10 at and ordered some apps and drinks. The bartender made my friends drink wrong and its was only fixed because we saw him pour it. At 10 o'clock we were handed "happy Hour" menus and the bartender suggested two 2 of the 3 menu items we had already ordered. The food arrived and was ok at best. I know it sounds silly but, the fries were those cheap kind covered in "heat coat" CHEAP PRODUCT. we finished up and when our bill came we were charge the regular price not the Happy Hour price because we ordered 5 minutes too early. The extra couple of is not the point it just seemed strange and poorly handled. Also, about 20 minutes before we dined we stopped by to ask how late food was served. the Hostess was on the phone and did make the 1 minute signal with her hand. However, a manager came and stood next to her while she was on the call and made no attempt to help us. Just a bad experience start to finish.
4	This four-star rating would be five in most cities.  But in Vegas, where there are so many options and new options each time I return, if the restaurant isn't one I will return to again and again then it isn't five stars.The service:  That being said... what DID set it apart was the service - which has been the bane of some reviewers here.  To me the service was excellent.  The sommelier was knowledgeable and the wine (asked my price range) was outstanding.  When asking a recommendation for an appetizer the waiter (to his credit) recommended the chef send out what he deemed fresh and outstanding that night and it was awesome.  See below for the food..The food:  It was very good to excellent and you have to be in Vegas at these prices.  The appetizer's we ate were a perfect mishmash of the freshest items (as selected by the chef) from the kitchen: King crab legs, fresh shucked oysters, lobster, clams, caesar salad tapas, and another salad.  I wont regurgitate the reviews on the lobster pot pie but they are dead-on and it was excellent.  One of our party of eight got the ribeye and it was average - he commented, and I did notice, that it was a thin cut - which makes it difficult to get a good sear and keep it med-rare to rare.  Shocking at $40 steak would be that thin.We got dessert but I had too much wine to remember what it was but I do remember I devoured it.
4	Absolutely amazing! Had the braised pork was perfection on a plate even the fat melted in your mouth! The atmosphere was great even with the fire alarms going off. The Mai Tai was incredile with some of the best aged rum I ever tasted! Was perfect atmosphere for preshow dinner!
4	This was my first meal in Vegas. It was very good, but not the best I had while dining there. I had the french onion soup, which was delicious. I also had a Cesar Salad which was good, but not great. I have had better dressing on salads. The over all experience was a great one. Before we sat down the waiter asked if we had a time limit for any shows, and promised us we would not miss it. The food all came out at the same time for 10 people. It is an expensive dinner, and you might be able find something for a better price elsewhere.
5	We made a 9:30 reservation for Nobhill Tavern on our last night in Vegas.  I got the Market Salad (delicious!) and the Bacon-Wrapped Scallops.  They were amazing....the bacon didn't even come off the scallop when I cut into them.  They were perfectly cooked and tender, butter, just perfect.  I ate until I could eat no more.  Then I ordered some decaf coffee, and they brought me my own french press!  Nice touch.My boyfriend ordered the oysters and then Braised Short Rib.  The short rib was so tender that you could cut into it with your fork.  Delicious!  He thought the oysters were good, but not the best that he's ever had. He also ordered the bread pudding for dessert.  It was very good- it came with almond butter ice cream which was unique and tasty.Also, the staff was awesome.  Really friendly, polite, and attentive.
4	Excellent food with great ambiance. We came here as we were wandering through the MGM looking for a decent meal before we started off our night. We approached the hostess and were able to get a table within about 10 minutes of arriving on a Saturday night. The cocktail menu had some nice creations on there if you are the mixology sort. We were seated in a glass enclosed booth with its own address written on the door which I thought was very unique and added to the "cool factor" of the restaurant. The waiter we had was very quick and to the point when waiting on us which is the style I prefer. I had a very nice medium-rare pork chop for dinner with a side helping of farro which was very well seasoned. The shared side that sticked out to me was the truffle mac & cheese. It was very savory and just the right amount of cheesy.  If you are in the MGM area and want a very solid nice dinner without venturing into the 80+ per person range I recommend this establishment. You will have a great time and you will most likely be able to get a table when you want to dine.
5	Ate here back in 2007.  Was the first big dinner with my then girlfriend, now fiancee.  We had an AMAZING meal here.  We often still think back to the dinner. We shared the butcher platter which consisted of meats, cheeses, olives, and marinated veggies.  We then both ordered the Rib Eye steaks.  Which were cooked to perfection!! The steaks came with 5 different flavored mashed potato's which were KILLER!!  During the course of the meal we had several bottles of wine.  A couple brought with us and one from Nobhill.  We also got a few glasses of wine.  The corkage fee was very reasonable.  Now to the desert.  We ordered a tangerine souffle.  This was the one thing that we dream about to this day!! We often refer to it as the Fruit Loops souffle.  It was tasty as can be! Over all, we loved this place and would eat at again! Recently we have heard that Nobhill has changed and is not the same.
3	Made a reservation for 5 at 6.30pm on Saturday. We were seated right away in a round table. Upon walking in, I noticed they have super cute booths across from the bar, perfect for couples or parties of 4. The main dining area didn't look anything spectacular. Dim lighting on hardwood floors, big tables were round. Good for big and smaller parties. We ordered the bbq puled pork finger sandwich for appetiser that comes in 3s. $10. They somehow charged us $19 for 5. doesn't make too much sense. we could've just gotten 6 for $20....The pellegrino sparkling water also came to $8 a bottle, $4 per person for one SMALL CUP. meh!  I shared the lobster pot pie. It looked HUGE when it arrived. but don't let this deceive you, it's quite a bit for one, but to share, it wasn't really that much. In that big pot, you only get a layer of pastry, which was somewhat filling, but the lobster was at max 3lbs. I only got like 3 pieces of meat shared. That for $85? I could've gotten 3X that amount at newport tan clan, same freshness. Indeed it was fresh, and baked to perfection. There wasn't an overload on dressing so the lobster was refreshing with the right amount of crunch. Everything was cut and easy to eat with knife and fork. Came with minimal vegetables, some mushrooms and spinach. It was still not $40 worth sharedI tried some of my friend's ribs which was topped with corn and veggies, I believe her entree was $39? Tender, but nothing spectacular.Service was nothing special. I didn't feel any one of them was extra nice or eloquent even. I expected more from a Michael Mina restaurant. ***Tip: Everyone praises the lobster pot pie, ask for market price but it should range 80-90. They split your card 4-way max.Favourites: Fresh lobsterDo not want: No spectacular dish. Lobster was smallLast words: Food was nothing special, just like the decor and service
5	My step mother, who lives in Vegas, says that MGM has the best restaurants in Vegas.  Well if that is the case it must mean that Nobhill is one of the best restaurants period!  My wife tried their famous Cable Car Martini and even I have to admit it was damn good.  But, the Pork Chop WOW!  Big thick cut, perfectly spiced.  My favorite however was the Truffle Mac N' Cheese, holly @#$^!# they were good!!!
3	3 stars somehow feels very different to me than A-OK. So I'll begin by clarifying that in my mind 3 stars is more like: "leaves something to be desired". I see why it is less catchy than A-OK, but 2 stars feels much too harsh to me. So can we compromise on describing Nobhill Tavern as being B-OK?Maybe its because I came from San Francisco, Nobhill tavern, I felt, doesn't do justice to Nobhill. I mean it's fine. The food is fine but doesn't match up with its price and the same goes for the service. It's fine. We ordered the halibut, the ribs, the shrimp appetizer, and brussles sprouts and cream spinach as sides and a half bottle of a Beale petite syrah. Our shared conclusion was that the bread was the best part of the experience. Now what does that tell you?
4	I am a fan....We went here for happy hour last night... Got there around 945pm...... By 1015pm, it was completely filled....They have 4 dollar beers and 4 to 9 dollar apps...We tried the fries, really good and you get a lot...We tried the beef sliders, which were solid...We also tried the lobster rolls.... Tasty.....The drinks were made right in front of us and were overall a ok....We would go back on our next trip to Vegas....
4	Great food. Worst service EVER. Example: Me" Can you tell me a little bit more about the Creamed Corn?"Waiter: "umm its just your standard Cream corn?"Me: "oh really, can you tell me a little bit how its prepared?"Waiter: Blank StareMe: " any special ingredients?"Waiter: " nope...just your standard cream corn"This was just one example of a clearly cluless waiter who didn't know his menu at all.Good thing i ended up ordering the corn anyway because it was delicious! The Onion soup was also a highlight. Another thing is - my diet coke was $4! Mid meal they asked if i would like another one-without thinking twice i said okay. ANOTHER $4. I HATE places that do this. Seriously , HATE!
1	We dined at this restaurant based on a friend's recommendation.  From the moment we sat down things were a bit off.  Our table for two had one of us against the wall and the other in a chair.  Clearly standard, but the extra long table was not.  We were so far away from each other that we could barely converse.  The couple next to us had actually turned their table and were sitting next to each other against the wall to combat this issue.  Our service was AWFUL.  The waiter barely checked in on us and when we asked him questions about the menu he provided little additional detail and was actually fairly aloof.The food was actually worse than the table and the waiter.  I had the short rib and it was completely charred.  So overdone that I couldn't get down more than 5 bites.  When I informed the waiter how poor it was he said that they could offer us a free dessert.  Somehow at the end of a terrible meal the last thing I want is more food from you!My husband had the lobster pot pie, which was decent but not nearly as good as you would expect for a signature dish at a restaurant of this price point.  We also tried the horseradish whipped potatoes, which I did not enjoy but that may just be due to heavy horseradish more than a universal issue.  We also had the lobster rolls and cheese fondue, which were both good.  We saw many other diners eating the Kobe burger and fries entree.  We would clearly never go back here, but I would recommend other diners stick to the less expensive and more basic options, as they seem to be more successful.
4	My friends and I chose this restaurant largely because of its location at the MGM Grand and we wanted to grab dinner before we caught the Jabbawockeez (great show for fans btw) as well as the fact that it carries the brand of Michael Mina with it.  We had a really nice dinner there, including some cheeseburger sliders for appetizers and a chocolate crepe for dessert, but by far, the best thing we ordered was the lobster pot pie.  It was a pretty amazing dish - not cheap at $85 but it could be shared easily between two people.  They basically have a pot with lobster and this nice cream sauce baked with a pastry on top.  The waiter will take out this dish, cut off the top of the crust, and serve you portions of the lobster at your table.  I think this is one of those types of dishes that you must just try once in your life.  The food was great and it's definitely worth trying at least once.  I've still not been to Michael Mina but am looking forward to going even more after this meal.  My friends ordered the short rubs, cioppino, mac and cheese, and all liked those meals as well.
1	The good: 1) Nice location, particularly if you are staying at the MGM Grand or Signature.  If you're somewhere else on the strip it might be a bit farther though.2) Friendly service3) Nice decor -- it's more of a romantic place than maybe a place for a bunch of loud girls though4) The french onion soup was fantastic, it came with the soup and instead of the cheese and crouton on top, it came with a grilled cheese sandwich.  Very nice touch.  Very tasty (although possibly too salty for some, perfect for me)5) The lobster pot pie -- nice presentation, the crust was flaky and buttery, the lobster was tasty6) I liked the chard that came with my meal!7) The cheesy bread was my favorite part of the meal.  Which is actually really sad if you think about it.The bad:1) I ordered the pork, it was tough and very bland to me.  It was really disappointing2) A friend ordered the short ribs -- she enjoyed them, I also thought they were really underwhelming.  Not tender, not flavorful.  They weren't awful, but pretty disappointing.3) The lobster was sadly $85 -- but this might be worth it to some people.4) Here's the most disappointing part for me -- we were offered still or sparking water, we took still.  What they didn't mention that it was bottled water and they were charging $8/bottle.They apparently served us 5 bottles of water totaling $40 (this was for 6 people) which means adding on tip (18%) and tax (9%) meant we spent $50.8 on WATER.Ok, that's not bad, that's ridiculous.and it makes me feel very angry.  They talk about restaurants charging two or three times the cost of a bottle of wine -- well how about the 4-8 times for an all ready overly inflated cost of water?The meal was way too expensive especially considering it wasn't that great and the fact that washing the proverbial bad taste was a significant cost.We aren't in China or Switzerland.  You ask your patrons if they would like bottled or tap water -- terrible experience.not going there again.
4	It is a very nice and classic place. Service and food are great especially lobster pot pie.  Market price $$$$ but it's worth to try. We found this place from Yelp.  We were very happy with this place. Clothing; formal attire.
3	A Michael Mina restaurant...and true to his style of eateries. The dishes are simple, yet fancy. The lobster potpie was amazing...and one of his signature dishes. If you are looking for something unpretentious in Las Vegas, yet want someplace nice to spend the evening, a Michael Mina restaurant is just what you are looking for!!!
5	***WORLD'S BEST CABLE CAR!!!! We never miss getting one (or 3) here whenever we're in Vegas. I have no idea what the ingredients are, but just know that it brings back both memories of childhood and binge drinking in college all at the same time. It literally tastes like a spiked, very flavorful Orange Julius/Orange Bang. Yes, I'm talking to you kids who grew up working class. You remember, ORANGE. BANG. It's sooo good. It's soo good that you get lulled into drinking more just because it's just so damn tasty. I have tried cable cars elsewhere, even at some of the finest restaurants in LA and SF--but it's just not the same. The one here is officially, my favorite adult beverage in the world.
4	Being from SF, I'm spoiled with great food and fresh ingredients. Nobill Tavern was my first experience at a Michael Mina restaurant. I had the signature dish: lobster pot pie. I was amazed when they served it tableside in a BIG copper pot. The server skillfully decapitated the pastry top and used it as the base on my dish. He diligently rearranged the lobster pieces back to its original shape and then drizzled the cream sauce over the dish. Beautiful presentation! Taste was magnificent. Price was just as "impressive" at $85. But hey it's Vegas, right? Service was fantastic. All in all great experience at about $100 per person (even with a bottle of wine)
5	We were in town for my cousins bachlorette party and this was her choice to dine.Defintely a place of fine dining.  From what I've been told, Michael Minna is well known for his lobster pot pie.  The was my first choice in order, but when we found out how much the cost of it was, i had to go with my second choice.... the cioppino.  It was amazing....they gave me a pretty decent size in some of the seafood, so I was pretty happy with what I got.   However, 2 guests out of our party did order the lobster pot pie and I was able to get a tasting, it was simply AMAZING.The service we had was defintely a A+.  I found another great restaurant to dine and at and will defintely be back.
5	Had a fantastic meal there with the lobster pot pie, horseradish mashed potatoes and cheesecake.  Wine recommendation was great too.  Loved the ambiance and the service.  Can't say enough good things.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat at when my husband and I are in Vegas!  We stumbled upon this amazing gem at the MGM almost 6 years ago trying to decide on a place to have a nice sit down early dinner.  So we opened up the MGM dining book and saw the most delicious photo of Seafood Cioppino.  Now, visiting from San Francisco - I knew that I had to try this dish!The restaurant menu is very small but everything is very good!  The Seafood Cioppino was and is still one of my favorite dishes.  They sometimes have specials and I highly recommend you to order whatever it is because almost every time we've dined here, it's never been disappointing.  Believe me, we eat here a lot!!Another item  to consider is the Lobster pot pie.. It gets brought out to you literally in a copper pot and served to you at the table! YUMMO!  It's really big too, enough to share for two!  For Appetizer, go for the deluxe tier!  Comes with Filet Beef cubes, coconut shrimp and crab/artichoke dip.You must order the chocolate souffle for dessert.  Place your order at the beginning of dinner so by the time you are finish, so will your dessert!A Big Plus on this place, they'll let you take your bottle of wine/champagne with you if you didn't finish over dinner WITHOUT any weird looks or judgment like other places! LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
4	When the group I was traveling with suggested we go here, the name didn't sound all that impressive at first. I mean, I was going to be dining at Joel Robuchon's the next night, after all. When I looked at the online menu, I realized it was a Michael Mina establishment, so that triggered some interest. Then I saw three magnificent words:LOBSTER POT PIE.I was immediately sold. Indeed, I ordered this dish, even at the hefty price tag of $85. The waiter wheeled the pot pie over on a cart, still in it's beautiful copper pot. He then began the "reconstruction." He expertly removed the top of the pie and used it for the base. He arranged the lobster claws and tail in its original shape and spread the seasonal baby vegetables (which included Brussel sprouts and carrots) expertly around the crustacean. He drizzled the truffle cream sauce over the entire dish and delivered it to my seat. It did not disappoint. The lobster was cooked perfectly cooked. I began the night with the Alaskan king crab from the raw bar. It was probably just 1 leg broken up into 6 pieces. I would have liked a bigger portion, but the crab was deliciously sweet. My husband had the cioppino, which at $32 was a bargain compared to my lobster pot pie. It had a generous sampling of salmon, snapper (I think it was snapper, anyway) mussels, little necks, and scallops. The waiter pours the soup into the dish tableside.There are cheaper options here if you want to save your money for the casino. The fall tasting menu (app/main course/dessert) was $49. The whole table has to do the tasting menu, however. They also have a late night happy hour and a nice sampling of small sandwiches, including lobster rolls, pulled pork, and sliders. We had a group of 13, and the restaurant was very accommodating. They sat us at a large banquet table in the back of the restaurant, which on a Sunday night was surprisingly empty. I suppose there are a lot of restaurants to choose from. They took up to 6 credit cards.Oh, and a quick tip: If you are going to be spending more than $500 in the MGM or any of their properties (NYNY, Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, Aria, etc), make sure to do the Prima  VIP deal at check-in. They offered it to us, and we got  upgraded to a suite and a bunch of other perks, including discounted drinks and free gym and spa access!
2	Eh, not impressed at all.  Neither was my wife.  The menus is rather small (which, I guess you expect from a gastropub) and the range of food we ordered left a lot to be desired.  The Kobe burger was rather disgusting---I only ate half of it.  The service was great; the decor was wonderful; but the experience just didnt' do it for me.For that price, we should have gone to L'Atelier next door.
2	This was by far the lowest point of my otherwise wonderful trip to Vegas. We came here late (11pm-ish) after a show, and we were starving! We had skipped dinner to make the show on time and were looking forward to a substantial meal and some alcoholic drinks to get us ready for the rest of our night of partying. We walked in and were seated immediately and told that we could now only order from the late menu, which consists of bar type food only. Not exactly what we were looking for but it was late and beggars can't be choosers right? The menu was rather small, but we were able to find things that appealed to us. We ordered the beer battered shrimp,grilled veggie flat bread, frites with truffle aoili and the BBQ pork spare ribs. ( Did I mention we were starving?) The food was so over salted that it was almost inedible. I was left with the impression that you had to be really drunk to enjoy such over salted food. I had one bite of the shrimp and almost spat it back out. The flat bread was bland and mushy. And the pork ribs were salty,salty,salty and yet somehow devoid of flavor. All I could taste was sodium. The only thing I had more than one bite of were the frites, which were crispy and ok. To add insult to injury, our waiter was rude and inattentive and at one point came over and slammed our bottle of Perrier on the table. I guess he got tired of topping of our water and wanted us to do it for ourselves? We left, leaving most of the food barely touched and vowed never to return. For the money we spent there we could have had a much better meal elsewhere.
3	Meh.  Nobhill Tavern wasn't what I hoped it would be.  Another Michael Mina disappointment. My boyfriend didn't think it was that great either.For starters, my boyfriend ordered the classic french onion soup which was served with gruyere grilled cheese on the side.  The soup was pretty good and the mini grilled cheese sandwiches were a nice touch.  I had a salad, but for the life of me, I can't remember what it was or if was good.  Apparently not.   For dinner my boyfriend ordered the grilled beef short rib entree.  I ordered the kurobuta pork chop which braised swiss chard.  My pork chop was really good, but the short rib was very disappointing.  It wasn't tender at all.  Definitely not worth $29.I haven't been to Michael Mina in SF, I hear it is amazing.  Unfortunately, I'm hesitant to go there after my disappointing experiences at Nobhill Tavern and Arcadia.
5	Michael Minna really did a great job here. From the service to the food, everything was well planned and wonderfully executed. His staff is quite exceptional.The front desk did not have our reservations in their system when we first walked in. Nonetheless, the hostess was very accomodating and friendly and had us sit at the bar until she could figure out a table for us. We both had delicious drinks at the bar and were seated promptly.The wine list was extensive but not unbearably so. I chose the Michael Minna sparkling wine from Napa upon the waiter's recommendation. It was dry and had a light citrus taste, and it went perfectly with the seared foie gras I chose as an appetizer. The foie was generous and seared to perfection, served with a canelle of cranberry relish and two sizable toasted pieces of brioche. Excellent!For the main I chose the Truffled Lobster Pot Pie..WOW! I was surprised when the runner/lobster server person wheeled out on a cart, the actual copper pot itself, topped with a pastry puff! If you have never had this signature dish before, you really must..it was to die for!! The young man adeptly cut around the top of the pastry and set it down as a base for the lobster on the plate he then proceeded to extract what seemed an endless array of lobster parts and braised vegetables from the gleaming copper pot. He topped it all off with a delicious ragu of brown truffled sauciness .... mmm. My mouth is watering just thinking about it..I couldn't eat another bite after that, although I would have loved to try thier desert menu. My dining partner had the Grilled Short Ribs served with grits and coleslaw..which also looked and tasted amazing..Our server was very knowledgeable and humorous without being over the top. In short, the Nob Hill Tavern is definitelly worth trying if you happen to find yourself in Vegas.
5	Nobhill Tavern is the ideal dining experience for any foodie--stellar food, warm, inviting atmosphere, good service, and a cocktail menu to die for.Located just off the casino floor in the MGM Grand, Nobhill Tavern is the lovechild of a traditional Scottish tavern and a modern New American New York restaurant. The inside is all dark wood, lantern light, and textured glass with semi-private booths just off the bar, providing intimacy but not isolation.I was practically giddy after reading the extensive specialty cocktail list--my favorite Moscow Mule (vodka, ginger beer, lime) with plenty of other creative and not gooey sweet drinks. My boyfriend adored the Scottish Aperitif (Hendrick's gin, Lagavulin single-malt, dry vermouth, blue cheese olives served with a side of scotch). Nice Vegas restaurants usually push wine, and they had a good list, but Nobhill did not disappoint liquor drinkers like me.And the food, oh Lordy, the food. From a classic Caesar with house-made dressing to the truffle mac and cheese to the absurdly delicious bread pudding, the food at Nobhill made me consider moving to Las Vegas and living by their dumpster just to get daily leftovers. I ordered the chicken tetrazzini, even though I'm not usually a chicken-lover, and it was the best chicken I've ever had in my life--moist, flavorful, and with the perfect crunchy outside. My boyfriend had the Kobe burger that came with a cone of fresh, hot french fries. Oh--and try the Market Salad just for the pumpkinseed brittle!Nobhill Tavern was an out and out delight. Wonderful food, an ambience that encouraged relaxation and intimacy, and a waitstaff with professionalism and personality. I'd be back tomorrow. (Thanks to our excellent server, Holly!)
5	Wow, what a great experience! The food was GREAT! There were 4 of us and we shared with each other and we loved everything. We started our meal with cheese fondue and our waiter Jake accomodated our Gluten Free guest very well with veggies and sausage. The rest of us feasted on their very fresh and delicious bread. The long island tea was made very well, strong, just like I like it. My wife had a delicious cocktail with a sugar and cinnamon rim.  She liked them so well she had 3.   We had Salmon, NY Steak , Braised Short Rib and a Pork Chop! All the meat was cooked to perfection and the grits were ecspecially tasty.  The side of truffle macaroni and cheese was so good, but we were so full eating our entree's that we barely had room for it. We always leave room in, what we call our 2nd stomach, for dessert just to try different desserts everywhere we go to dine. We had gluten free style cheesecake, cream brulee' and wonderful coffee. We finished it all off with a glass of cognac. Everyone went away with happy stomachs and a desire to return to this restaurant soon. Thanks to the chefs and Jake our waiter at the Nobhill Tavern for a great experience!"Live Life.Travel Well"
5	Went here with a party of five on a Friday night. Had a thoroughly enjoyable dining experience. We were seated promptly at a table near the bar by the wine "celler." They also have a main restaurant room in back which I would have preferred. They have an interesting list of their own cocktails and an extensive wine list.The menu isn't extensive but excellent. For the exceptional quality of the food, the prices are quite reasonable - especially compared to the other high end restaurants at MGM.We tried the shrimp cocktail, pate and cheese fondue appetizers and all were excellent. We also had the onion soup and seared fois gras. Be prepared for the fact that some of Michael Mina's dishes are "deconstructed." As an example, the onion soup came with the melted cheese placed between two slices of wonderful bread. You are then to dip this into the soup and eat it. It was very good. The seared fois gras was also very good, but overpriced, at $25.00, compared to the prices of the other items on the menu - this was the only disappointment.For entrees, the group tried the pork chop, chicken tetrazzini, steak, and Kobe beef burger. All we graded as excellent (and on in the party was a CIA-trained chef.) Again, the chicken tetrazzini was "deconstructed. A perfectly cooked chicken breast served over the restaurants excellent truffle mac and cheese.The desserts were also excellent.
5	One of the best meals I have ever had and the best pork chop I have ever had.  I went with family and we shared a shrimp cocktail, lobster rolls, and a sausage appetizer.  The cocktail sauce was awesome the roll was delicious and the sausage was very good.The pork chop was amazing.  The searing was unreal and the flavor was wow.  The grains were eh and the swiss rabe was great the bacon made that better.We also tried the mac and cheese which was good.I would highly recommended this restaurant and if you have the funds, go for the lobster pot pie, it looked awesome.
3	Ordered oysters for appetizer and it is nothing special. I also had the Kobe burger for the main course and it was quite good. Services are alright but not great, I found that it's quite difficult to get the attention of the waiter. Good thing is it's not that pricey compared to other restaurants in MGM.
5	Great service! The lobster pot pie is the best, although it is a bit pricey($85 when I had it during Xmas dinner). We also ordered the surf n turf as the main course which also taste marvelous! Love it!
5	the first time we came to nob hill tavern.... i was a bit unenthused. being from SF the last place i would want to come is michael mina. well.. i'm glad we came. and nobhill tavern has become one of my go-to places in vegas. the food is delicious and non intimidating. its real comfort food. simple american dishes with a michael mina twist. fish and chips, prime rib, pork chops.. but the star is the lobster pot pie!! a popular dish at michael mina in SF brought to vegas... and it is AMAZING. from presentation to the truffle creme sauce. MMMMM. and its great the newbie in the group always orders it so i can have a small taste but still order something else. HAHA...the lobster rolls are delish as appetizers, and the french onion soup is a lil salty but comes with a grilled cheese sandwich on the side. speaking of cheese... they have an amazing cheese fondue app for starters for the table. yum yum for the tum tum if you like cheese.the restaurant itself is nice... a little fancy but a little casual. beautiful bar. the service is soooo awesome. i would recommend this place to anyone. and if you happen to be in sf.. check out michael mina ;)
5	This is my updated review based on my first visit since the restaurant was re-branded "Nobhill Tavern"The menu has been changed to appeal to a younger crowd from the best I can tell.  The cocktails are now prohibition-esque & the menu is primarily simple comfort food, done in an upscale fashion.  It's a nice Vegas take on the increasingly popular SF gastropub.  The cocktails were delicious as usual, and the food was on point.  We ordered the three course tasting (around $55) and a couple appetizers.  Word to the wise: you don't need any extra appetizers!  All the tasting menu items are the full size menu portion despite the much lower price.  The restaurant was happy to serve my pork medium-rare which was a thrill to me :-DCheers to good drinks, good food, and good service!
5	My favorite meal in Vegas for this trip. I work as a freelance reporter and was carrying a heavy camera bag, so I was pleased when were showed to our table and the wait staff offered to take and store my bag...thank you! Our waiter was great, but on top of the already good service, the manager took a few minutes to talk to us as well and recommend a sister restaurant out in LA. The biscuits served ahead of time were delicious, the Caesar salad we split was great but nothing special (it's just a Caesar after all).   For dinner my friend and I both had Seared Day Boat Scallops*Butternut Squash Puree, Brussel Sprouts, Pear, Pecans, Brown Butte. So good! Not as good as the similar dish at 230 Forest Ave in Laguna Beach. This dish needed a bit more texture. Maybe some crispy leeks on top. Very good but texture overall was a bit mushy. For a side we shared the truffled mac and cheese which was good, but I don't really care for broccoli in my mac and cheese...what's the point?! I also love a little bit of breading on top of a baked mac and cheese as well, but that didn't stop me from chowing down none the less.No room for dessert this time but a great night of food. I'll put in on the list for a go back from Vegas along with Strip Steak at Mandalay Bay.
5	The thing I like about NobHill Tavern is its late-nite happy hour menu. I'm one of those people who like to eat late: I don't usually get off work til after 10pm, and by then almost all the restaurants on the Strip have closed for the night. Mostly, your choices at that hour are coffee shops, which are fine, but... what if you want to nosh on something a little swankier? NobHill Tavern is a stylish little spot with a late nite happy hour menu from 10-midnight, with drink specials and appetizers/small plates for just $8 apiece. The apps include comfort food selections with a fancy Michael Mina twist, like lobster rolls, pork sliders, spare ribs and beer-battered shrimp. It's good late-night, stick-to-your-tibs-type fare that's great for either soaking up all those cocktails you just guzzled at regular happy hour, or for laying down a good base for all the cocktails you're ABOUT to drink at the nightclub.I also really like the ambiance here: the lounge area (which serves the happy hour menu) is retro-swanky, with textured glass booths and a real Mad-Men vibe. It's the perfect place to have a drink or three and some old-school cocktails: retro favorites like the Moscow Mule and the Sidecar are on the happy hour menu, and make the perfect accompaniment to those sliders and lobster rolls. In fact, if you're into the whole Mad Men vibe, I recommend starting out with drinks over at the fabulously retro West Wing Bar, then heading down the hallway to NobHill for more drinks and apps.The one thing I wish they had at NobHill (and West Wing Bar, too, for that matter) is a little jazz trio or something playing in the lounge. I'm a big fan of hanging out in lounges to booze & talk, but it seems like most lounges in Vegas these days are so LOUD that you can't carry on a conversation. A little jazz would be just the thing to complement the swanky vibe at NobHill and make it an even better place to hang out in the later half of the evening, while you either wind down or get revved up for the night ahead. P.S. I have also had occasion to try NobHill's Kobe burger, which is not on the happy hour menu...but is freaking DELICIOUS and also highly recommended!
4	4 from me, 4.5 from the boyfriendWe made reservations a week earlier thinking this place would be busy but it wasn't. Our server was pretty awesome and earned every bit of his 18% tip. We got the winter tasting menu, but I was the only one who ordered from it. Boyfriend ordered straight off the menu.French Onion Soup with grilled cheese sandwich: DELICIOUS! The sandwich was made with guiere (probably spelled that wrong) cheese. It had a strong taste but went really well with the french onion soup. Boyfriend liked it, but he wanted my potato leek soup morePotato Leek Soup: This was just ok. The truffle overpowered the soup for me, but my boyfriend liked it. We ended up switching our appetizers.Short Ribs: This was fantastic! It had great flavor and fell right off the fork. Mmm Mmmm MMMM! Boyfriend wasn't a fan of the grits, but he would have finished it off anyway because it was good just not what he wanted.Salmon: Salmon was good the greenish soup around it wasn't. It tasted like fish... not cooked fish but the smell of fish. I really didn't like it (boyfriend did and polished the soup off). This is where our server came into play. He went and go me another plate for the salmon and brought me fresh vegetables to go with it. He even asked if i wanted another dish completely, but I wasn't about to give up the salmon so I declined. Creme Brulee with apple fritters: BEST THING OF THE NIGHT! We were skeptical about finishing this as we were really full (we had wicked spoon earlier in the day) but boy did we polish this thing off. It had great crunch and flavor. The apple fritters were fantastic as well. LOVED IT!Some thing I didn't like.. how freaking dark it is in here but I had a thing against dimly lit restaurants. Lol
5	Yummy!  I love their signature dish, the lobster pot pie.  The sauce was to die for!  Definitely will not be disappointed with that dish.  We also ordered the foie gras  and salmon tartare for appetizer and the sole with crab entree.  I also really liked the casual yet formal atmosphere.
4	We heard this place had pretty great food and specifically that it had an amazing Kobe beef hamburger.  ... they indeed do have a fantastic Kobe hamburger, with french fries, sides wines and drink specials that are fantastic.  Other things also looked great but my wife and I both really wanted to try the burger.  The service was great, attentive but not hovering... they also were personal and didn't make us feel rushed or like goofballs because we just ordered the burger (which isn't that cheap at $20 for just the burger).  The bar area looked really cool and is a great place to get a drink and enjoy the 'feel' of the location, the design, etc.I did notice that some folks complain about showing up late and realizing that they aren't serving the full menu, but instead a special late night menu.  I don't see this as a problem at all, just understand if you roll up pretty late in the evening that they won't still be serving dinner.
5	Knob Hill Tavern inside MGM - Food, atmosphere and wine was divine!    French onion soup comes with a full grilled cheese - so bring your appetite!
5	When my parents decided to crash the bf and my trip to Vegas and take us to Cirque du Soleil KA (at the MGM), the bf wanted to return the favor with dinner. Luckily, I had been to Nobhill for a bachelorette dinner back in September, and after a wonderful experience that night, I knew this would be a hit for all. Nobhill did not disappoint. First of all, I love the dark & cozy decor in Nobhill, and while they call it a tavern, it is definitely one of the most upscale "taverns" I have ever been in.The trio of breads in the basket were delicious and came with herb infused olive oil for dipping. This was a great little starter as all of us were pretty hungry. We opted not to get a bottle of wine because I couldn't imagine paying that much for a bottle when we could get individual drinks much more reasonably and this worked out well for our party since we were all being "good" anyway :)The bf ordered the Kobe burger, which came with fries and he enjoyed it. He said the secret sauce was good and hearty, so the burger really filled him up. The Kobe burger came with fries also, which we didn't expect because it wasn't listed on the menu. I had the chicken with risotto, which was some of the best chicken I have ever had. So moist and juicy and just all around delicious. I am a huge fan of anything with rice, so the mushroom risotto was outstanding. Not expecting sides on our plates, the bf and I ordered the truffle mac & cheese and the side of mushrooms. The mushrooms were a nice mix of different types and were amazing. The truffle mac & cheese was good, but not really memorable for me. I think I had much higher expectations there. My parents split the short ribs and they couldn't stop raving about them.  Since the portions are large, splitting was plenty of food for both of them and they left very full.In the end, each of us loved the food and were so enthralled with our own food that we couldn't even look at anyone else's plate to taste test other dishes.  We couldn't even order desserts!!The food was definitely the highlight of the experience and the ambiance was incredible. One low point was that our waiter was a little lax with us in the beginning, which made us a little nervous being that we had to leave by a certain time to be at our show. Did we need to order a bottle of wine to make us feel worth his while?  I'm not sure but it kind of felt that way.The manager came over to check in with us before we had ordered and we expressed our time concern, so he started taking our order and then our waiter quickly came over and took over from there. Too bad that he needed a little kick in the butt to get started, but at least we were able to be to our show on time with very happy taste buds and stomachs!
4	Wow! What a great classy restaurant! Scrumptious food! Four of us ate here and ordered mostly appetizers and finger food as we couldn't decide what to order! Everything was superior and tasty from the crab legs to the pulled pork shooters. Excellent service as well. We never ran out of water and our server made sure we were happy with everything. I give it only 4 stars because there weren't very many options for the non-seafood eater and it was very pricey. Otherwise a great experience!
5	WOW! I have gone here a couple of times in the past few years! Every time is has been AMAZING!! Not only the food, but service as well!My two favorite time were when I got the Lobster Pot Pie and NYE '09 dinner! For the NYE dinner I got the 5/6? course dinner. It was the best way to start off an amazing NYE and New Year! However, allow your self at least 2-3 hours for the dinner. Sit back and enjoy!Def a MUST try when going to Vegas!!
5	DELICIOUS.  My Boyfriend and I came to Vegas for Spring Break, and the meal here was definitely one of the highlights! We came over for dinner to this restaurant before a show at the Ka Theater, and the food here was amazing. We started off dinner with the Swiss Gruyere Cheese Fondue- for me it was the highlight of the meal, the cheese was was delicious on its own, but when paired with the fresh sourdough bread (imported from San Francisco), it made the combinations amazing! This is a must try! In addition, the meal was complimented with a basket of fresh baked bread,  which consisted of sourdough, focacia, and a biscuit of some sort- also great in the fondue. After the appetizer, our entrees were the 10 oz Pork Tenderloin with a side of mushrooms and for my boyfriend, the Kobe Beef Burger. Both were amazing, The portions, were great and not tiny like other "fancy" restaurants. The mushroom side was a little pricey for a side, but still delicious nonetheless- especially with the pork. We both couldnt, finish our meals and gladly brought home for later!The Service, itself was also great! The waiters are really attentive, when I turned my head the waiter already knew I wanted more water. They also, saw that we ran out of bread in the basket before we did!The manager Ed, was also extremely nice to us and checked on us and the meal, when he had the chance. High Quality Service, paired with a High Quality Restaurant.
2	Lobster Pot-Pie was not great. The lobster was over cooked and chewy. It really had no flavor. I've had much better lobster at Red Lobster. It really was disappointing especially for $85.
3	Got there around 1115pm on Wednesday.  Advertisements said it closed at midnight, but they seemed stressed to serve food this late.  This made the service mediocre at best.  Late night menu was good, although very small portions.  I know it was a Wednesday night...but this place was a ghost town.
4	Loved this restaurant, very  classic decor, we made dinner reservation, asked a more private table. they gave us a cozy booth, just what we wanted.the service is over the top, truly one of the best, they have very extensive wine menu, we usually order a bottle of white. we had Charcuterie Sampler as appetizer, it was so good, main course were scallops and rib eye, both were very delicious! a few  side orders too. it is a little pricey, but very well worth it, this is a great place for a very nice romantic dinner date, or just come here for the good food, or special celebrations. you won't be disappointed! I suggest make reservation, so that you can get a good table.
5	My husband and I came here for our 2 year anniversary dinner.. I had just saw the website for it and decided we'd give it a try. I called and made reservations. We were greeted right away and taken to our table.. the hostess even pulled my husband and my chair out and he even laid the napkin in our laps.. the service was amazing! They start you off with this 3 bread trio that was amazing! We got the cheese fondue for appetizer.. OMG it was to die for.. I could of just ate 2 more of these. I ordered the scallops for my main course and my husband had the beef short rib. He said he was having a food orgasm from the food because it was the best food hes ever had. We had the mac n cheese as our side and shared it which was delicious.  For dessert we shared the guiness sorbet with peanut brittle in chocolate.. It was well worth the big fat bill. This will definately be a restraunt that we will frequent when we are in vegas.
4	This is our second time at Nobhill Tavern.  Food/Ambiance was delicious.  We had the lobster pot pie--it was good but not amazing, $85 for their signature dish is too pricey and did not meet the standard.  The grand marnier souffle was YUMMY.  Our last visit last year was much better.  Unfortunately, they had changed the menu and made it more casual with same price tag.  My seafood cioppino was not on the menu. :(
3	I guess it's time for me to stop just lurking around this place and actually start writing reviews. Here it goes. I've been looking forward to trying this place for a long time. I like the idea of eating semi-upscale food in a semi-downscale/comfortable environment. A friend and I arrived around 7:00 on a Tuesday with no reservations and were seated right away. She's a fish-loving pescetarian and I'm a fish-hating carnivore, yet we were somehow able to agree on a few things to share as well as our own entrees. After perusing the menu for a good 5 minutes, we both gasped simultaneously. "Tomato Fondue". We were definitely getting that. After a bit of back and forth, we decided to order the asparagus salad, crab & lobster rolls (for her) and a Kobe burger (for me). I was surprised & relieved to learn that the Kobe burger already included fries. We ordered our first round of cocktails. Hers was a somewhat forgettable cucumber...thing. I hesitantly ordered a cable car, having never had one before. It was divine and when it came time for round two, that's what both of us got. We shamelessly licked the cinnamon sugar off of the glass rims (thanks in part to the way each booth is extremely secluded). The tomato fondue arrived...grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup. And not even the best tomato soup (but the sandwich was pretty good), and fairly difficult to eat to boot. My friend kept saying "I think he forgot our asparagus", but I had faith. A different server brought out our lobster/crab rolls and burger. When I asked for ranch to go with the fries, he seemed a bit taken aback. I know this is kinda an upscale joint, but what makes the ramekin of ketchup that came with the fries any better? He said he'd look around, and luckily, he was able to find some. Speaking of the fries, they were lackluster. I know they're just fries, but people are doing all sorts of fun things with them these days. I'm not asking for them to be fried in duck fat or anything, but it would've been nice if they looked fresh cut rather than completely indiscernible from McDonald's fries. Or some parsley maybe. Work with me here, Michael Mina. The Kobe burger was delicious and perfectly cooked, however, and the small bite I tried of my friend's dish wasn't so bad (which coming from this seafood-hater means that it was pretty brilliant). As we were eating our main courses, a basket of bread with some olive oil arrived. Very curious. The asparagus still hadn't arrived, so we reminded our server. We asked that the speck be served on the side, as my friend doesn't eat meat. It arrived about 10 minutes later, speckled with speck. We hate sending stuff back. No, really, we do. She is a server and I am a pushover, so we accept quite a bit more than the average diner. We were not about to spend 15 dollars on 9 asparagus spears that she couldn't even eat though. When it arrived another 10 minutes later, it was delicious. $125 + a not-super-generous tip later, we were at least able to walk away with full bellies, which doesn't always happen at these fancy schmancy places. And this, ladies and gentleman, is why I've waited so long to write my first review. I don't know how to STFU.
3	A poor man's version of the other Michael Mina joints.  Noisy and crowded, with a wait staff that can't handle the size.  The food is what you'd expect from Michael Mina - outstanding and unique tastes and combinations.  But I'd rather visit his other restaurants, which are more relaxing and enjoyable.
4	The food here tasted good, albeit rather pricey. We ordered sliders, salmon, and short rib and you'd expect small portions but we surprisingly left very full. My only complaint is that the restaurant seemed really dim the night I was there. Other than that, it's a really good place to go in Vegas if you're looking for a nice restaurant without the obscene cost found in a lot of the other places.
3	The lobster pot pie was fabulous, as billed, but the service was lacking.  Our waiter disappeared for a half an hour.  They could have sold us a lot of drinks in that amount of time, but missed out.I realize the pot pie is a signature dish, but they should set a better expectation of how long it takes to get it to table.  Perhaps if we three women instead of fifty year old guys we would have gotten more attention.
5	I'm going out on a limb with 5 stars here cause nobhill made my stay at mgm grand much more enjoyable than it woulda been without nobhill.I had a good 3 or 4 meals here! And consumed copious cable cars (they are delicious and addictive) I ordered late night food once or twice to save money and they had some very solid pork sliders and french fries. My last dinner was off their regular menu, and when I tried to order a 5 oz australian steak, the waiter had the dignity to point out the price was $25 per ounce, not for the whole steak, so I avoided the shocker that would have ensued when he dropped the check. That detail meant a lot, so I could save face.
5	What a fantastic place.  We went the Cirque Ka show and decided since this was 50 feet away, we would make a reservation for after the show.  I'm glad we did.The decor is impressive.  Even though we didn't get one of the secluded booths, if we make it back to Vegas, we will be sure to request one of these. The wine list is extensive and includes something for everyone.  Great selection.We started with the Charcuterie platter.  This included their house-made pate which was amazing.  Great platter to start off a great meal.My wife ordered the Salmon and I ordered the Kobe burger.  I vowed before we came to Vegas that I would have Kobe and this seemed like the best time to try it.  It may have been one of the best burgers that I've ever had.  It was like velvet, and perfectly prepared.  It came with an overwhelming side of frites, which were delicious.  I also ordered a side of the Truffle Mac and Cheese.  Amazing.For dessert, my wife had the Chocolate Latte Tart and I had the Panna Cotta.  Surprisingly, my wife's Panna Cotta is better.  But both desserts were good.Very pricey but, hey, it's Vegas right?
5	My girlfriends and I made reservations for a Sunday night at Nobhill. The decor was simple and elegant, nothing beautiful or spectacular. Not a huge place by any means so they use the large mirror on the wall trick to enhance the size and open up the place. Their wine list and drink menu was pretty impressive. Our table represented all tastes: one ordered wine, one ordered beer, and I ordered the ?Marissa which was tesoro tequila, elderflower liquor and lime juice. It was delish and I had two. For an appetizer we ordered the grilled cheese fondue-such a simple idea why hadn't I thought of this? Grilled cheese squares dunked into tomato soup! How could this NOT be good?Entrees: As I am the veggie eater who eats seafood I ordered the scallops which were cooked perfectly. My friends were raving about their fillets. Sides: truffle mac and cheese, which was great with large mushrooms and broccoli mixed in. French fries that had a strange addictive quality. Dessert: the chocolate tart was creamy and tasty but we didn't care for the guiness ice cream on top. The service was impeccable and two gentlemen stopped by our table afterwards to inquire about our experience (perhaps both mgr and asst mgr?). It wasn't cheap kids. This place has four dollar signs for a reason. However, it's nice to know that if you're looking for a nice dinner out to celebrate you should get your money's worth and really enjoy your experience.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas!  There are two standout dishes that I've ordered on separate occasions. 1) The fork tender Braised Short Ribs.  They frequently change up the accompaniments... on one occasion, they sat on a bed of whipped potatoes w/ a medley of green beans, corn, peas, and carrots.  On another occasion, it was topped with Foie Gras... it was like a picnic in my mouth.  It floats atop a savory broth of pasta pearls.  The Foie Gras was perfectly pan seared, Short Ribs brilliantly braised, and the pearls are textured to the tasting.2) The Maine Lobster Pot Pie is the other notable dish.  At "market price" (usually around $85+), this dish comes wheeled out by a waiter.  It's set in a medium copper pot shrooming with a golden brown crust topping.  The server breaks the pastry, and then serves the creamy goodness onto your plate.  In addition to the whole 2 lb lobster meat, there's also fingerling potatoes, carrots, green beans and truffle cream.  To die for!  It's a very hearty meal.  Big enough for two to share.  In addition, don't forget to order a side of the truffles mac n' cheese.  They use corkscrew shaped pasta as opposed to an elbow pasta.  The truffle flavor was evident but not overwhelmingly so. The porcini mushrooms added a subtle earthy flavor to this dish.
5	Damn that was a great meal. Nobhill capped off a fantastic Vegas trip and I was really, really impressed. The service was incredible, the restaurant beautiful and the food...all sorts of amazing. For those who say it's expensive - well, it is, so be prepared for that in advance. If you're in the mood for a drinky, Nobhill has a great wine list and a very creative cocktail list too. While hubs went for some oysters to start, I held back so I could fully dig into my entree...the lobster pot pie. While I was a bit skeptical that it would be "that good," it was. Every last bite of it. Even the presentation is pretty fab - the server cuts off the top of the flaky pot pie, places in another dishes and ladles all of the lobster-y goodness on top. A few things to consider about this dish: 1) it's damn pricey (my market price was $85 at the end of May), 2) it's totally shareable, even if you're hungry 3) you really do get a *lot* of lobster. Consider points two and three, I felt ok about the price. Would I pop in and order it every week? Hell no. I'd be broke. But it's an incredible indulgence and it's creamy, fresh and delicious. To finish off the meal, I chose the chocolate tart with salted caramel peanut brittle and Guinness chocolate ice cream. The tart was rich perfection - the perfect consistency, and the peanut brittle was swoon worthy. The only item I pushed aside was the Guinness ice cream, I didn't feel like it went with the dish and wasn't a huge fan of the taste or texture. Suffice it to say, though, I had no problem cracking into that chocolate tart. Next time I'm in Vegas I will absolutely go back to Nobhill for another great dinner and perhaps one more helping of that lobster pot pie.
5	My bestest girlfriend and I went to dinner here and LOVED it.  We were seated in one of the little booths that seem like you're in your own little restaurant.  Of course the service was exceptional.  Can't divulge too many details about that, but we were very well taken care of.  :)My entree was the special pork chop served over white cheddar grits and a jamon sauce with cabbage.  By far the best food I've had in a loooonngg time.  My friend got the scallops and although they were good, they did not compare to my dish.  For desert we ordered the raspberry creme brulee after making sure it wasn't just creme brulee with raspberries on top.  Sure enough, the raspberries are baked right in.  Very yummy.  Our server helped us order great wine to go with our entrees as well.  We will be back I'm sure, if my friend has any say in it.
4	Having had the pot pie before, I was craving another experience at a Michael Mina restaurant.  I read on Yelp that they were having a daily late night happy hour (10am-12am).So we headed over for a 9:30pm restaurant and were seated in a private booth in the bar.  Of course, we had a lobster pot pie and it was just as amazing as I remembered it.  Next we tried several of the happy hour food and drink items.Overall, it was another memorable experience and I would definately suggest this restaurant (especially for their late night happy hour!).
5	Wow!  To everything.  Atmosphere = awesome.  Wait staff = incredible.  Drinks = perfection.  Food = fabulous.We had a bad experience for dinner so 2 of us got appetizers at 11pm.  It somehow made up for the bad dinner experience we had.  The food was so good and the staff were friendly and funny.  They went along with jokes (no stuffy people here) and seemed like they enjoyed their jobs.A+
5	I knew we were in for a treat the minute we walked into the restaurant...it smelled wonderful!  The decor is sleek and inviting, the service was fantastic, and food was absolutely amazing.  I enjoyed the tomato fondue to start followed by the scallops - yum, yum, yum!  My friend enjoyed a salad and the tuna and she was completely satisfied with her meal as well.  I highly recommend this place!
2	This place was a HUGE disappointment. We originally did not plan on dining here but after attending a time share meeting, we were give free vouchers for dining (it wasn't really free but the refunded portion of our money which we got back after attending the timeshare presentation with an additional $25) but were limited to whatever was on the list. After hearing so much about the lobster pot pie we decided we would splurge and made reservations for dinnerNow, everything was going fine up until our lobster pot pie finally came. Please note that this dish cost $85 bucks and that it mostly consists of lobster, sauce and very little pastry puff.So the waiter brings our our lobster pot pie and splits it between us on two plates. I begin eating mine and half way through find that besides the small claw pieces, I could not chew through the larger lobster meat. How can any overcook a lobster and not expect to be fully refunded when it cost as much as it did?Well, given that we had a show to attend that night, we could not wait for another one to be made and asked to speak to a manager. Once I explained how tough and over cooked the lobster meat was he did not seem particularly apologetic, although our waiter seemed to be. In the end they only took half the price of the lobster dish off the tab when in fact MOST of it was overdone and was inedible. For a place that charges this much and is owned by Michael MIna of San Francisco, you would expect a higher degree of service and accommodation. Instead, they still charged us half the price of the lobster, in addition to our side dishes which we had to eat on their own and were still left feeling quite hungry. We felt that it would have been proper to either take the entire lobster off the tab or at least come us for the side dishes which we no longer had an entree to go with. What was more irritating was that my husband booked this as an early anniversary and despite knowing this, when it came time to order dessert (again note that we had just complained about our lobster and just wanted to get our check and get out of there) they offered us a menu with dessert options and we had though this was going to be a complimentary gesture on their part for both messing up the lobster and because it was a special evening we were celebrating. Well, we were wrong, the dessert still showed up on our bill, despite having normally gotten a free dessert at other upscale dining places for our anniversary. It wasn't that we expected anything free but considering that they ruined a very special evening for us, it would have been a kind gesture to try and make things right. Sadly, I have to say we will not be returning.
5	YUM YUM AND YUM!  This is located in MGM.  You go in and you're greeted by very very nice people.  Service is excellent.  Food is amazing.  Great portions.  We ordered a bunch of stuff, lamb loins were SO GOOD!  Tender, flavorful, yummy potato fingerlings, tomato, and mushrooms.  Everything was good.  The lobster pot pie was HUGE..lots of portions, I bet for $130!!  The rib eye was good, as well as the halibut..very light and yummy.  The sides were amazing as well..mmm the macaroni truffle was different and good..had lots of garlic and parmeson and i think it was baked twice?  The beans that came with the halibut was good..it was very flavorful and lots of bacon bits..yum!  THE DESSERTS WERE TO DIE FOR!! We had everything..my favorite would have to be the one with the beer ice cream..yum! DEF will go back!
5	I came here for my birthday and I must say, it was amazing! turning 23 isn't all that great but this restaurant made a difference! The service is very intimate to go along with the atmosphere, they always fill up your drinks, always on the look out for when you need them. The food? Awesome! I had the beef and it was juicy and tender and the sauce it came with, I was honestly scared, it was carrot puree, but it want that bad and there are sweet and tender carrot piecesto decorate the plate with it. They have a huge cocktail menu which includes 30 year old scotch to $700 cognac! I have to add that, since I am picky, I never go to high end restaurants, but the waiter was very helpful, if I wanted to switch my aides to a different side with that entree, and there is a no rush feeling! So it makes you feel like you can realllly take your time to ear drink and talk with great company. A must try if you are staying at the hotel or just in Vegas!! Reservations are best!
5	The food was superb!!!!!! Everything was fantastic!
4	Very nice elegant restaurant with great ambience for a nice dinner for two or even with a group of friends.  I love that the wait staff is very attentive and catered to our needs.  However, I think we got VIP treatment since our friend is the pastry chef here.  I mean not super VIP status, not like our dinner was free or anything, but we were hooked up with all the desserts on the menu at the end of the night.  All were so delicious and decadent.  For dinner, I had the halibut because I wanted something very light.  It was the perfect choice.  Fish was very flavorful and was topped with almost a light salsa along with a side of beans and chorizo.  I'm not a big fan of beans, however, this mix meshed well together and complimented the fish perfectly.  My husband ordered the steak for dinner, which I tried and it was quite flavorful as well.  The steak was cooked perfectly with the right amount of pink in the middle.  Our friend ordered the lobster pot pie, which is Nobhill's known dish, apparently.  Man, was that dish to die for!  It was so freaking yummy!  The menu says market price, unless you are planning on paying $130 incl. tax and tip, then I say order something else.  Dish is big enough to be shared between two and I say go for it, cause it's really that good.  Dinner for two can easily be $150 plus dependent on what you order.  I think this is definitely a romantic place, perfect for a date!  I'd definitely come again for a nice dinner when around this area in Vegas!
3	I would give it 3.5 stars.  The Main Lobster Pot Pie is overhyped.  There.  I said it (*ducking*).If the lobster pot pie cost half of the current market price ($85 this past weekend), then it would taste a whole lot better.  But I split a pie with my friend and it was just sad to see spread out in front of me 3 small chunks of lobster and a lobster tail and know that I was paying 40+ for my portion of that.  The lobster had some truffle cream sauce around it, but it wasn't exactly swimming in it as I had expected.  The lobster chunks tasted fresh, and the truffle cream sauce was good.  But the crust - the beautifully golden crust looked so promising when the pie was rolled out on the serving cart.  Unfortunately, the crust was so flavorless and dry that once I ran out of the truffle cream sauce to dip it in (and that didn't take long because there was not much to begin with), I had to gulp down water in order to wash down the crust.  I'm not saying don't order the lobster pot pie  - just don't go in like I did expecting it to rock your palate.If you plan to split lobster pot pie, you will probably need appetizers to fill you up. These appetizers are not to be missed: Chilled Cucumber Soup, Seared Foie Gras, Tomato Fondue (especially the latter!).  The Braised Beef Short Rib was decent - the best part being the peas and carrots and not the short rib.  My friend got the Hawaiian Big Eye Tuna and said that was one of the least appetizing tuna dishes he's ever ordered at a restaurant.  Service was excellent, except the kitchen forgot one of our orders (so we just cancelled it).  My friends really enjoyed the wine.
4	Okay so I've never been to a MM restaurant before, but have heard quite a bit about him, so we thought we'd give him a try. 1) Lamb Sausage (it was new and not on the menu, though they are thinking of the idea ... i say YES!) - Very good flavor. Since it's new and they're working on the kinks, the fact that the texture is kind of soft is forgiven. But man ... the Flavor! 2) Truffle Mac/Cheese - Pretty good ... okay really good.... They put in mushrooms that I guess gives the appearance of Truffle slices, but man the aroma this dish has is delicious 3) LPP - We were kinda hesitant about ordering this, as many people on yelp has either said it was hit or miss. For $85 you would expect something really good ... and honestly it was. Taste and aroma was superb. Quanity ... well kinda lacking. It definately is enough for one (probablly too much for one), and just a little bit too little for 2 ( overall there were 4 carrot sticks, and I would 6 pieces of lobster. 2 Claws, and 4 sections of tail.) Honestly I think the LPP would be a great appetizer or side dish for 3 people ... it definitely tastes good but just too much of it makes you very "heavy" from the cream sauce it is cooked in.
4	Had a nice decadent Vegas dinner at this joint over the weekend.  We sat in the separated booths behind the bar, which was probably a good thing since the dining room looked packed.  Our table was quiet and intimate so we got a little break from Vegas.  The sommelier was awesome.  He recommended a frech white that paired very well with the lobster pot pie.  I have to give the sommelier props for reading us correctly and suggesting wines at a wide variety of pricepoints.    We did the appetizer sampler which was a fun way to get a variety of tastes, I liked everything on the plate.  In retrospect the lobster roll before the lobster pot pie was a bit much.  The lobster pot pie itself was good, but this is where I'm taking the fifth star away.  One of the best parts of a pot pie is the pastry crust, in this case the pie crust was a little dense and hard for my liking.  I wasn't too upset because I was too full to eat it and the items in the pie were amazing.  After taking a break we couldn't resist the marscapone cheesecake, it was so good.  I've been inspired to go home and start practiciing my cheesecake because I have been inspired to take it to the next level.  Very simple, but well executed cheesecake.Overall this was a great dining experience and  I would go back, it was very similar to the Stonehill Tavern in Laguna Beach, CA.
5	So it was a little ironic that I traveled to Las Vegas to go to the San Francisco-style Nob Hill Tavern by Michael Mina, but I have no regrets! It was actually one of the best meals of my life. I ate at Michael Mina in San Francisco years ago and it was a really nice, expensive 11-course meal. Nob Hill Tavern is definitely more casual and little bit lighter on the wallet.We were celebrating my best friend Anne's belated birthday and I requested a special table. The first few tables in the restaurant are a little bit more private and can fit 2-4 people in a booth. There's a larger common room in the back. I was really impressed with the intimate feel of the booth (I felt like I was on a fancy date with Anne) and the great service!Started the meal with raw oysters and they were some of the best oysters I've ever had. Even though they were smaller, the oysters were still plump, juicy and creamy. The waiter told us that the oysters came from British Columbia, but I can't remember the name. Anne had the chilled cucumber gazpacho soup with dungeness crab and a little bit of lemon oil. The soup was light and refreshing and a great palate cleanser. I had to order the seared foie gras (I can never pass it up when I see it on the menu) and it was served with large pieces of toast and mango chutney. The foie gras was cooked perfectly with a buttery texture and rich taste. I actually wasn't a big fan of the toast and the chutney. I thought the bread was too thick and a little too overwhelming for the foie gras. I actually cut the bread in half so that I could enjoy the combination better. While the chutney wasn't bad, I'm a traditionalist when it comes to foie gras brulee. I like it more when it comes with poached pears or apples. I still managed to eat everything on my plate though.For our main courses, I ordered the day boat scallops served on top of a bed of braised radicchio and topped with grapes and toasted almonds. I was immediately impressed by how thick the scallops were. Those succulent morsels melted in my mouth and I found myself cutting the scallops in smaller and smaller bites so I could extend the eating experience. The radicchio was almost caramelized, but the sweetness was also balanced out with a slight bitterness. We ordered the truffle mac and cheese and I almost felt like it wasn't cheesy enough. I wouldn't order that again.My favorite part of the meal was actually Anne's dish, chicken breast served with pole beans, lemon chickpea fritters, shallot marmalade, swimming in chicken jus. This was the best chicken dish I have ever had in my life. The chicken was incredibly tender and moist, and the skin was crispy. It was out of this world. I asked the waiter how they cooked it and he explained that they first sear the chicken, sous-vide* it, and finally crisp up the skin (*sous-vide is when you cook the food in a plastic bag in a water bed). If you go to Nob Hill Tavern, you must order the chicken!Our waiter was super nice and I ordered a Grand Marnier souffle when Anne left the table. We surprised her with a candle and a sign, and it was delicious! The souffle was light and fluffy (almost like a cloud), but I wish it came with some sauce (creme anglaise would have been killer).Overall, I was super happy with our meal at Nob Hill Tavern and I would totally recommend it! Totally appreciated the excellent service, nicer table and special birthday dessert. For more photos, check out my blog: http://rbjello.wordpress.com/2011/09/06/winner-winner-chicken-dinner-at-michael-minas-nobhill-tavern-in-vegas/
4	Yummm. The cooks at this restaurant can cook up a delicious meal. Came here for dinner and am glad I did!Order Scottish Salmon and was surprised they asked how I liked it- medium or medium well. Hmmm, how would I like me salmon?!? Asked for it well and was pleasantly surprised how good it was. Just like red meat, it was cooked at the right temperature where it was soft and not overly dry. I was thrown off and can't say it was great, but my friends loved it very much. The balsamic rice was alright, pretty typical. But the eggplant was cook just as perrrfectly as the salmon. It was not mushy or still hard, right in between of both.My friend had the Maine Lobster Pot Pie and don't be fooled as I was, it is much better than I imagine. It came out in its entirely- as in the pot still. The process is great, the server cuts the top off and reconstructs the lobster to the plate again. So your entree looks like a real dish and not just a pot pie. And for $85 it is well worth the money. And actually enough to not have to share. =)We also ordered American Kobe Burgers and that was tasty. The glazed grilled onions were somewhat sweet and compliemented the dressing well. However the fries were not good. Way Toooo Much Salt. It seemed as though they threw in the whole salt container. That was a disappointment. How can a nice establishment mess up on French fries!The Truffle Mac and Cheese is pretty good too. Not overly cheesy too. The top layer is salty as well. So to prevent the need to drink a gallon of water avoid the top.Service was great. Very attentive.
4	I came here for a freinds wedding reception. I had read previous reviews, but we were eating a prefix menu, so was not too excited about the food honestly lol It just looked so so. I was so wrong. Even the bread they give you to start the meal out was incredible. It was a course menu, and every course made me salivate for more! It was a few months ago, so I am not sure what everything was called lol, I ate the crab salad thing on top of bread, good. The truffle mac n cheese was so0o0 yummy, I had for my main entree, roasted chicken over some wild mushroom risotto, it was so moist, and i killed every bite of it. Definitely would recommend this place, service was OUTSTANDING and food was delicious.
4	This is a review of their late night happy hour.The Skinny: albeit the majority are Lilliputian sized servings, the American comfort food classics are flavourful...don't miss the fries with truffle aioli! (3.5), the service is a little slow, FYI - the service is a little better at the bar (3), value: considering the caliber of the cuisine, $64 to try all 8 dishes was a steal (5).It's a rare thing for something to convince me to stay out past 10 pm (girls need their beauty sleep!). The happy hour at Nob Hill was just added to that list.We were lucky enough to have two other people joining us on our late night culinary excursion so it made a perfect group to try the entire happy hour menu. The menu consists of 8 items for $8 each. On the menu: fries with truffle aioli, beer battered shrimp with avocado lime dipping sauce, rhubard mixed green salad, red pepper and spinach flatbread with mixed greens, asian styled chicken wings, pulled pork sandwiches, lobster roll, and a charcuterie plate. Best deal of the bunch? The fries with truffle aioli... hands down. The fries are golden, mildly nutty, and perfectly crispy even after they had gotten a little cold.  Paired with the truffle aioli, this heaping mound of magic (and yes! it is a large heaping mound!) is a must order when  you come here.I would say that the remaining items are much smaller portion sizes. The pulled pork sandwiches were a highlight of the meal. The saucy little morsels are remarkably tender, slightly smoky and sweet with a mild kick of heat from the jalapeno. It was comfort food in a bite.The rhubarb mixed green salad was delightful because of the combination of sweet and sour on the plate. The firm texture of the rhubarb was a wonderful touch and added an different take than your usual stewed versions.The beer batter shrimp were light, crunchy with just enough batter. However, I would like to mention that the accompanying avocado-lime dipping sauce was a little too heavy for me and needed more acidity to brighten the flavours.The charcuterie plate was your standard lovely plate of various pates and cold cuts. Nothing extraordinary and could have definitely used more accompanying bread.The lobster roll was okay - perhaps a little too much on the mayo and too little of the lobster, it seemed a little overpriced. Juxtaposed with the wonderful pulled porkies, it seemed a little underwhelming.The red pepper and spinach flatbread was a little bland, and the crust was a little too dense and thin for our tastes. The mixed greens it came with were nothing special either.The Asian-styled chicken wings had a poor texture despite being fried up. The P.F. Chang-esque sweet/sour/spicy sauce didn't really help either. Thumbs down.Overall,  there were some great items (ie, fries with truffle aioli) and some "what were they thinking when they put this on the menu" (ie, Asian-style chicken wings) which is why the cuisine rates a 3.5.  However, factoring the cost for some of the outstanding items, it evens this joint to a four starred review.
5	My husband and I finished watching a show at the Mirage around 11:00PM and rushed over to the MGM on the other end of the strip just so we could catch Nobhill Tavern's late night happy hour. We arrived around 11:30PM and were seated right away. Our waiter was fabulous and didn't make us feel rushed. We ordered 4 of their happy hour specials at abour $8 each:-New England Crab & Lobster Rolls5 stars, delicious but wish there was more of it!-Crispy Chicken Wings with Korean BBQ Sauce5 stars, OMG, these are some of the best wings ever! Skin is nice and crispy, meat is tender and juicy on the outside, and the sauce is just 2die4!!!!-Market Salad: Rhubarb, Goat Cheese, Black Pepper Tuile. 3 stars: Good but a little salty -Charcuterie Plate: Assorted Cured Meats, Housemade Pate, Warm Bread.4 stars, tasty with good selection but wish there was more meat-New England Crab & Lobster RollsLast but not least, their Nobhill Cablecar drink  is one of the best crafted drinks ever! The happy your price is $8 and I think it's almost twice that regular price. So good my husband and I ordered three for the two of us :P It's got such a nice balance of flavors and it has this nice light fluffy creamy flavor on top. I'm still drooling over that drink.Next visit to Vegas, I will be back for sure and check out their regular dinner as well. I already miss you Nobhill Tavern! I wish you would open up in the Bay Area!
5	My favorite restaurant in Vegas currently and I've eaten most everywhere. Attentive and efficient staff from our waiter to the supporting staff. We had oyster appetizers that were amazing. Entrees included the special wagu skirt steak poached in butter, the best lobster we've had in years, and savory juicy chicken breast with the truffle mac n cheese and carrots,. Every thing was high quality and the food had character and dimension. Best martini I've had in a while too. Loved our waiter , wished I'd gotten his name
5	The food is incredible! Every time we come here there are different things on the menu and they always blow my mind.  The last time I tried the filet mignon and it was mouthwatering and perfect.  The food is very expensive but totally worth it for the quality.  I also highly recommend the cable car margarita!
3	As a disclaimer, my review is based soley off of one experience and should I get the opportunity to go again, I'd review again.  I was there for a dinner with a vendor and since we were a party of 16, we had a prefixed menu.  I am giving 3 stars because I wasn't impressed with the NY Strip that I received.  I am always upset when a steak never comes out the way you asked for it to be cooked - why ask for a tempreature then?  I asked for Med-Rare and got Medium but I ate it.  But worse than the temperature was the over-usage of salt.  This steak was over salted which took away from the natural flavors.  The appetizer of New England Crab & Lobster Rolls were good but they were so small that it was more of 2 bites than 2 rolls.  As for the desert - it certainely wasn't what I ordered but since everyone got the same thing, I figured, they ran out of the other option.  But it wasn't anything that one couldn't make at home (bananas, ice cream, chopped nuts and chocolate syrup).  The decor was very nice and the service by the staff was exceptional.  Again, since it was a prefixed menu - I am not sure of the cost but it did seem pricey and based off of my meal, not sure it was worth the price.That being said, I would try it again.
4	We stayed at MGM Grand for 3nights and one friend invited us for dinner in Nobhill Tavern which is also located in the hotel. It is a fine dine in restaurant and has an intimate set up. The food are really great and served in perfect portion, not huge and not even small. I love the sampler the manager gave us. Everything is just so good. But but but... the prices were not cheap at all. Better prepare at least $100 if you will bring a date here. Haha. We went here twice.
4	great place for late night dinner. a restaurant that you can actually hear yourself in vegas! they were great about accommodating gluten-free dishes, or altering them so they can be gluten-free. we weren't rushed in any regard, and was able to relax and enjoy the company!
1	Poor service, crap steak ($52 for a 1/2 inch thick ribeye?) and merger  wine pours - the Brussels sprouts were really good but, gimme a break here....this sucked for the money spent. Avoid.
5	What a total surprise to get five star quality food at what was expected to be a "decent" option when we were looking for good food and the ability to catch Thursday Night Football while we were staying at the MGM Grand this week. Just couldn't get over the quality and taste of the food, in a classy yet relaxed atmosphere...
3	Very expensive and the plaet portions are a little in consistent.  Me and 2 of my friends went here for ladies night. the casear  salad was 7 leafs, a few streads of cheese, 4 croutons. all for damn near 14 bucks. We ordered the Tomatoe Fondun for the 3 of us as an appertizera and the waiter brought us 3 orders. Also it took the waiter way too long to come to us. The only positive was the mac and Cheese
5	The martinis are dry and the lobster pot pie is fantastically rich! A refreshing laid back establishment with fine dining food and service.
5	Kinda pricey, but yummy. I really enjoyed the mini sliders. Service was exceptional. I would dine there again.
5	We came here for dinner on a Saturday. We made a reservation just a couple hours before. They were able to accommodate easily. When we arrived, we were greeted by the hostess staff who were friendly enough. Our server, a Buddy Holly look alike, was very friendly and professional. When we ordered our dinner, he made great recommendations but was not pushy. While waiting for food, they brought an assortment of bread. I can't remember two off the three but the cheddar biscuit was amazing!!! I tried not to eat too much bread because I wanted to save room for meal but I did have a bit of everything and loved them all.Once our food arrived, we were all in heaven. None of us could change anything about the meal, it was perfect. I had the BBQ pork bites and truffled mac and cheese. Each was amazing but I would highly recommend the mac and cheese. I wish I would've had room for dessert because everything on the dessert menu looked amazing.I would certainly return next time I'm in Vegas. The price wasn't too steep for a nicer restaurant in Vegas.
5	Made reservations for Thanksgiving. Alison Murphy, Asst General Manager, made sure that it was to be a great evening. We sat across from the bar in a glass enclosed table. It was perfect. Conversation was easy and you still got to enjoy the happenings in the restaurant. The menu was of a traditional Thanksgiving dinner and was absolutely wonderful. The food was served family style and all of the flavors of a perfectly prepared Turkey dinner. The Sommelier Wine Pairing that was selected for the table was perfect. Christine was our server and again outstanding. She was friendly and very attentive without being intrusive. She was a true professional.I look forward to a return trip to one of Michael Mina's great restaurants.
4	I stopped here on a whim when I saw they had some happy hour-ish bar specials.  A signature cocktail and an app for about 15 bucks wasn't bad for vegas.  The mini lobster rolls were very tasty (but a bit lemony).  The presentation was very nice, and so was the service.As with most on the Vegas Strip the restaurant was beautiful!
5	I picked this place for my 30th birthday and I was not disappointed at all. The food was outstanding!!! We started out with the Tomato Fondue. It's a take on grilled cheese and tomato soup. It was Excellent!!!! For dinner I had the short ribs with polenta and it was so good!! We shared the Mac n cheese and creamed corn and both were very tasty. The decor was very nice and gave us that intimate feel. Our  server was very attentive and friendly and made my birthday dinner truly special!! I will come back again for sure next time I am in Vegas.
5	One of my favorite spots in Vegas. I have had several great meals here. The Sommelier was fantastic, friendly and made some really great pairings. If you'd like a tasty fun cocktail, try their cable car. Again, Michael Mina can do no wrong by me.
4	The bar tenders were friendly and talkative. They served us there own creation with sugar that was torched on the rim of the glass. YUM!
5	Oh my word ... Lobster Pot Pie!  You have to have this dish before you die, and this is a must visit when in Vegas.  Very pricy, but well worth it!  The portion is huge and the flavors are out of this world ... go get it now!
4	Amazing food.. Maine lobster tail was prepared perfectly but on the smaller side, and crab and lobster rolls were delicious.  Very nice layout and atmosphere.  Service was great.  Was disappointed that the lobster pot pie wasn't available though.
5	UPDATE: We want to thank Nobhill Tavern's bartender extraordinaire, Michael, for making our wedding's cocktail hour so spectacular. You see, Michael, maker of my favorite cocktail in the world, the Cable Car, aka spiked Orange Bang, aka spiked Orange Julius, gave us a crash course last fall on how to make these frothy wonder drinks. From our first sip, two years ago, to our 50th, all made by him, we knew that this was what we wanted for our signature drink. Michael graciously made that happen for us.He took a good chunk of time out of his day to show us step-by-step directions, tricks and tips. It probably helped that since we see him EVERY TIME we're in Vegas and knows us by name, we're almost family. The reason he was so vital is because Nobhill Tavern's Cable Car can't be duplicated. Trust me, I've searched, tried and sipped. We even had one at Caesar's Palace, just to compare, and it was absolute swill. Everyone we've ever taken to Nobhill Tavern has gotten absolutely hooked on their Cable Cars. I'm not talking, "yeah, that was pretty good," I'm talking, "do we have time to go back to Nobhill Tavern?" and "since we're in Vegas, can we stop by MGM and get some Cable Cars?" Nobhill Tavern really crafts a work of art and we can't thank Michael enough for making our signature drink, the toast of our big day! PS Their food is pretty damn good too, unfortunately, since those super tasty Cable Cars sneak up on you, I can't recall specifics from any of my meals other than I recall it being yum. I def do recall that the service was spectacular because those Cable Cars were coming out to our table lighting fast as if on a conveyor belt.If you want to see Michael in action, minus some extra special instruction, see here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvCWP3mjZRk
4	Overall, had a really good experience here--good food, good service, nice atmosphere, no wait time (we went at about 6pm on a Friday night)We ordered drinks because they are known for their signature cocktails. They were pretty tasty and were definitely not lacking on the alcohol! I'm not a big cocktail fan so I probably wouldn't order them again.We got the crab and lobster rolls for our appetizer which were tasty. I got the lobster pot pie which was amazing. I enjoyed the presentation and the portion size was really big. My husband got the pork belly with duck fat potatoes which was also really delicious. Lastly we got a berry panna cotta with lemon shortbread cookies for dessert which was so amazing. Overall, we enjoyed ourselves at Nobhill Tavern...definitely one of the more expensive tabs we've had in a while but overall worth it!
4	Salad was an expensive joke but dinner made up for it.
4	Bartenders were awesome and we ate at the extended bar.  Waitstaff was extremely attentive.  Steaks were very good and the pricing wasn't bad for Vegas.  Overall it was a very good experience and a rare find to be able to get seated on a Saturday night with a larger group.  The malbec on the wine list was outstanding.
5	I have NEVER written an onlline review but my experience her has compelled me to sign up and polst a review. My husband and I spur of the moment decided to have our wedding night dinner here...besides getting married it was the best decision of our lives!!! Everyone from the hostess to the bartenders to our server went above and beyond to make our evening special. The staff here is extremely fantastic Especially our server David...we absolutely LOVED him.. We both order the filet mignon along with various sides that they offered. From the house salad to the beignets for dessert ( I feel that we should mention that were just in New Orleans and had beignets that were not half as good) to the side cars (Nob Hill's signature drink)...we were in culinary heaven.If there is any resteraunt in Vegas that you NEED to go to its Nob Hill. I should mention that my husband and I travel all over the world and absolutely love to eat...this was the best meal we have EVER eaten. So run don't walk to Nob Hill and tell them that Alexa and Dwain said Hi!
5	I came here with a large group because I wanted to try one of Michael Mina's restaurants and liked the SF themed menu. Between the 12 of us, we ordered a significant variety of food, all of which was delicious. I ordered the pork belly (which was incredible), my wife ordered the spare ribs (which were also great), and we shared a salad (which was equally as delicious). Other notable orders within the group were, Kobe burger (and sliders), lobster rolls, NY steak, caesar salad, and chicken. Overall, the food tasted very fresh and true to its flavors. Also, the service was impeccable. My wife ordered a cucumber Collins, and the bar did not initially have a cucumber on hand to make the drink so our waiter suggested a very close alternative to my wife, which she loved. Thereafter, he had gone to get a cucumber so that they would have it on hand in the event she ordered another (which she did). I will definitely make this a regular stop for us in Vegas. There is one negative from the entire experience, which was merely with regards to policy. In order to make a reservation for a group of 11 or more (even in the main dinning room without any preset menu) there is a nonrefundable booking fee of $125 that is a flat fee and does not go towards the bill. Additionally, there is a $500 deposit (which does go towards the bill) and a minimum of $75/ person and the average per person cost for our group was $60-$70, after tax and tip. We ended up making two reservations for 6 and requested to be next to one another, however, they were not able to so (although a party of 13, divided into a group of 6 and 7, were able to be seated right next to each and were even allowed to push the tables next to each other to make one long table for all 13 - the only difference between our groups was that theirs was comprised of all middle aged white males).
5	Shocked by any review of less than 5 stars for this place. Have eaten here 9 times in the past 3 years (we only visit Vegas 2x/yr!) and every time i think it can't live up *again* and it does. The lobster pot pie will change your life.Best burger you will ever eat.The bbq chicken wings might make you cry.The drinks are amazing. Service is perfection. Every time.If there are four or fewer in your party, request a booth in the front. It will likely become your favorite restaurant in Vegas... Enjoy!
4	Me and my family heard about this place on a list of restaurants you should go in Vegas. We made this our "fancy night" because we knew the bill would not be cheap. Well... I guess nothing on the strip is going to be cheap other than the fast food. Anyways, we love Michael Mina so we thought we'd give it a go.This is in the heart of the MGM Grand, so unless you go to this place frequently you won't find by just find it by walking down the the strip. The outside is nice, so we decide to eat here for our Friday night out. We made a reservation before hand, but there was plenty of seating, so we didn't need to. The inside is nice and the music is casual.We sit down and order drinks. After that we look at the menus. We decided to order small plates because that is what is he is known for. For seafood, we order the crab, oysters, and lobster rolls. We also order a salad, Korean chicken wings, pulled pork sandwiches, French fries, and for desert those donut things.The food came very fast so if you're trying to catch a show (in which we were going to Ka, which was just an okay show) this is a good place to go. The salad and bread came first. Just an ordinary salad. Just ordinary bread. Everything else came out after that because we only ordered appetizers.I went right to the lobster rolls because I heard they were to die for. They were. It's lobster meat on a soft roll. Best lobster I ever had. I try a pulled pork sandwich. I didn't mention that the serving are very small so if you are getting small plates get a lot. The sandwiches are about as big as a large coin. They were not bad.The chicken wings I thought were very good. The skin was crispy and a had a good amount of kick to them. Defiantly think about getting those. The French fries I would say were good. Not much else to say about them. I didn't try it, but my cousin said the oysters were very good. I did try the crab. You get five crab leg pieces. You don't need to give any effort to get the meat out of the shell, it comes right out. It was very tender and fresh. Good plate.For desert we got those donut things. I don't know what they're called, but they were very good. With it came a small portion of salted carmal ice cream with melted carmal poured around it. The desert I'd give a thumbs up.This was a great place to go to on a night out. Great service. Great food. There's not much else to say about this restaurant. So far, this is the place I would recommend most to those who are traveling to Vegas.
5	Loved it!  We were seeing Ka and wanted to find a place in the MGM for dinner.  My wife doesnt eat red meat, so Craftsteak wasnt really ideal, except for me!  My wife and I decided to go with appetizers for dinner.  We got the charcuterie plate,  tomato fondue, and crab and lobster rolls.  The charcuterie was good, but would have been better if it came with complimenting cheese.  The fondue was basically a grilled cheese sandwich with a tomatoes and cheese fondue dip... pretty tastey.  The crab and lobster rolls were also good, but a bit bland.  We saw people getting the lobster pot pie, and that looked pretty amazing.  Maybe next time... we also shared for dessert the beignets  with chocolate and salter caramel sauce, and the banana tart.  Both lovely.  The service was excellent too, a combination of formal, polite, and friendly.  I think I could easily come back and try everything on the menu.  The pot pie looked great, a table next to us had yummy looking burgers and frites,  and steak would probably be an easy winner here.  So many places in Vegas to choose, but you won't be disappointed with Nobhill.
5	Lobster Pot Pie! This place was top notch - from the impeccable service to the quality of the food presentation, I'm having difficulty finding anything remotely negative to say (not that I'm looking).Started off with a half bottle of Cakebread Chardonnay and a full order of oysters - had to go with the signature lobster pot pie (did I mention that already?) - be advised that this dish does sell-out on busy nights.  Well worth the "MP" :)  Moved onto red with a Duckhorn Cab  - and the beignet to top it off.  Something about the salted caramel ice cream topped with hot caramel was the end of it.  I had to order another scoop!This place can get a bit pricey with the wine selection... but you definitely get what you pay for.  An amazing dining experience.
5	i love this place . i spent time there any time we ae in vegas. couple weeks ago i got 6 hours layover form la to chicago . we tooked cab from airport and spent time there . food is delicoiuus , but you go there for famous drinks . dont leave without Cable Car drink perfect b4 or after dinner !
4	We stayed at Mirage last year so we where ending our every evening at this place....and we really loved it!  Michael, our bartender makes the best Cable Car ever! Entire stuff was very friendly and professional - no reason to complain...except that I wish they had a location in Chicago land.
4	Sadly, I missed out on the late night happy hour.  Here is what I tried though:Grilled Quail (Caraway and Black Pepper Rub, Lemon Puree, Arugula and Radish -$20): The quail itself was light, tender and perfectly accented with a hint of acidity from the lemon puree and minor spice notes from the caraway and black pepper rub.  Initially, we were just going to drink, but this dish convinced us otherwise.Wood Grilled Sausages ($13): There are quite a few different types of meat present in this dish (I believe both bison and rabbit were included), and each of the spicy sausage slices is drained in a delectably heavy white cream sauce.  Scottish Salmon Tartare (Beet, Horseradish, Pita - $18): Scotch egg covered tartare served with thin slices of slightly warm pita.  Use the beets and horseradish to make yourself delicious tartare sandwiches.  Salmon Creek Pork Belly (Duck Fat Potatoes, Truffle Puree Frisee and Apple Salad -$35): The belly has nice tenderness and was not overdone (as it is at most restaurants that place it on the menu).  Still, it wasn't as light and fatty as some places where I have tried this dish.  The complementing flavors were fine but not extraordinarily memorable. I finished it off with a couple of the house's version of the Sazerac cocktail (easily the best one I found in the MGM Grand).  These cocktails were made appropriately with just a small hint of simple syrup and the correct notes of absinthe.  In closing, NobHill certainly has quite a bit to offer.  As it is, I think I'd like to go again to try that lobster pot pie and a number of other appetizers.  Strongly recommended if you are eating within the MGM Grand.
5	There aren't enough wonderful things to say about this place. The service was impressive, the food was inspiring, and the ambiance of the restaurant was perfect. Its sad that so many people go to Vegas and spend $30 or $40 to go through a buffet line, when there are amazing restaurants that will give you a meal to remember without having to herd through lines or wait for "fresh" food to come out. If you're at the MGM Grand, this place is a must, and we can't wait to go back. (The Kobe Skirt Steak is breathtaking and melts in your mouth, the truffled Mac & Cheese is almost an experience in itself and the crab & lobster rolls are simple, yet perfect)
5	This review is for the bar only. We stumbled upon this place when searching for a quick drink before a show. We were pleasantly surprised! We walked in and sat at the bar around 5:30pm. First order of business was half a dozen oysters. Then my guest ordered a "Cable Car" and I had a lovely house creation called "Grey Matter". The Cable Car was pure bliss. The sugar was heated to perfection on the rim and it was served cold and frothy. VERY easy to drink and it took me back to the days of orange cream-sicles. The Grey Matter was amazing. The house infuses black tea with Nolet's Dry Gin... If you like black tea, the martini is heaven in a glass. It was a quite a contrast to the Cable Car.The oysters were plump and fresh. The house mignonette was sweet and tangy. They were the perfect treat before the show. I would definitely order these again and highly recommend them. The real highlight of the night was the service. The gentleman behind the bar, Michael, took the time to explain the specialty cocktails to us, made recommendations and was very personable. He is a true artist and you can taste that is every sip. I can't wait to go back. Maybe next time we will order more than just drinks and oysters.DO: Order a specialty cocktail, not a rum and coke.DO  NOT: Come here in a rush, enjoy your drink.
5	We dined here on our first night in Vegas. It was a great time from beginning to end, with attentive service and delicious food and drinks. My favorite menu items were the goat cheese salad and the horseradish whipped potatoes. Two of my guilty pleasures, perfectly presented! The pork belly looked decadent (and not for those watching their waistlines). I tried a Framboise 57 from the bar, which was right up my alley - sweet and fruity with a bitter edge to it from the gin. The bartender and our waiter were both fun, friendly and very concerned with our experience. Easy 5 stars.
5	Lobster Pot Pie...That's all I need to say. It's the most expensive entree I have ever paid for. It was worth it! In addition, we ordered the filet mignon, truffled mac & cheese, and crab & lobster rolls. All were excellent.
5	Spent a few nights in Vegas with some friends and decided we'd get dressed up and have a nice dinner one night. We chose to come here after reading other yelp reviews. All I can say is that you get what you pay for. From the moment we were brought to our table till we signed the check, the service was impeccable and we were treated like royalty. Every entree ordered was delicious and the presentation was beautiful. I ordered 2 drinks from their somewhat limited speciality cocktail list, but I appreciate the nod to the classic spirit concoctions. My drink order consisted of a sazarac and their renowned Cablecar. The Cablecar was so delicious I ordered a 2nd for dessert.
5	Awesome venue, and good service as well. I love the Mina restaurants in SF and most of them in Vegas. The drinks were excellent, as well as the "kobe" burger. They didn't seem to understand it was in fact Waygu and not Kobe, but it was good anyway. The fries were tasty, and a HUGE portion of them no one could finish. Salad was also good, overall excellent spot, well done.
4	After reading the positive reviews on Yelp, my friend made reservations for us (group of 10) for a Thursday night dinner.    I was really craving a steak, but after asking the waiter for recommendations he said there were better places in Vegas for steak.  (He said they do buy their steaks from the same butcher just they do not age them).   The waiter recommended the lobster pot pie, the sturgeon and the pork belly.     Majority of the group ordered the lobster pot pie, the hamburger and the Colorado lamb...so I decided to try the pork belly.   While the pork belly was good, I really preferred the lobster pot pie and the lamb that my friends shared with me.   Next time I go back, I will definitely go w/ the 2lb. lobster pot pie (even if it costs $85).   The best part of the meal for me were the appetizers.   We ordered quite a few different appetizers and side dishes.   Their break basket was very good, cured meats were tasty,  lobster rolls were excellent and the beer battered shrimp were gone so fast I couldn't get any :)  My friends said they were really good.   The truffled fries and truffled mac and cheese both are great.    Wilted spinach had lots of garlic which I like, but it was nothing amazing.   Best part of the meal for me was the fondue pot w/ a cream of tomato soup that you dunk mini grilled cheese cubes into... it was phenomenal.
4	Beautiful place, good food, but expect a hefty bill (hard to avoid if you're at a fine dining restaurant in Vegas).  It was very quiet the night we were there (I suspect the elegant atmosphere and the menu prices have something to do with that), so if you're looking for something high end, but low key, this would be a good pick.
4	I hemmed and hawed at booking a dinner at Nobhill Tavern after checking out previous reviews on Yelp and reading the anecdotes of previous diners and their inconsistent service experiences.   We took a chance, however, enjoying all of our previous forays into the Michael Mina restaurant group.  After arriving for late dinner (10:00 Friday night), were seated and we peeked at the menu.  For a few minutes, none of the offered mains stood out to either of us, to which I thought might be a sign that I was going to regret booking this reservation.  My boyfriend said, "I'm not going to come to a place like this and get a burger!"However, we took a second look and decided that the Shelton Farms chicken breast sounded simple, yet yummy, paired with cauliflower two ways.  (I say this knowing that I very rarely, if ever, order chicken when dining out.)  However, I'm getting ahead of myself.  We started with the Market Salad (him) and the Tomato Fondue (her).  He was pleased with the Drunken Goat featured in the uber fresh salad.  The Tomato Fondue was a new way of enjoyed a grilled cheese and tomato bisque, with whimsical presentation and a great twist on a classic pairing. When both of our Mains arrived, we were pleasantly surprised at how delectable the chicken looked, crisped skin and all.  Served on a cauliflower puree with roasted multicolor cauliflower florets and golden raisins.  We later found out after discussing with our waiter that the chicken was primarily prepared via sous vide, with brief searing prior and a quick roast in the oven to crisp up the skin.  So so juicy and flavorful.   This kitchen made me believe in chicken when dining out again. We topped it all off with some house-made ice creams and the chocolate whiskey cake, although I feel as if (while writing this), I'd have rather have enjoyed the beignets myself.  Maybe next time?  Speaking to our service experience, it was excellent,  the staff was attentive enough yet not overbearing.  We lingered a bit past Midnight and the wait staff did not seem to mind at all (or if they did we didn't notice).  We were the last to leave, and did not feel rushed at all.
4	I love this place! Alittle pricey, but the service and menu were amazing! Had the lobster pot pie and crab & lobster appetizer! Highly recommend sharing as portions are generous.  Presentation was also very fun! They rolled piping pie out on cart and dished it up table side.  Went before a concert and the staff made sure we were taken care of and on to our show in plenty of time.
5	Lobster pot pie!  The best thing I have eaten in my entire life. well worth the price. This place was top notch from the atmosphere, to the service and the food! absolutely divine. It was so good we're thinking of flying out sooner than later again to Vegas just to go and eat Lobster pot pie again.  It's a must try!
5	I think I just found my favorite new Vegas bar!The world needs more bartenders like these guys. You know what I'm talking about... the kind of guys who actually seem to enjoy chatting you up, making special concoctions and even letting you sample little tastes of things they've created.We enjoyed our appetizers and drinks so much, we ended up returning the next day for pre l'Atelier drinks. First night: we had the truffle mac n' cheese (cliche but awesome), the beer battered shrimp (more of a perfect tempura than a beer batter) and the crispy Korean chicken wings (great sauce!).On the second night we stuck with cocktails... BTW, these guys make the most perfect martini (icy, slightly citrusy and just enough vermouth). The ambiance of the restaurant and bar is perfect. It's dark and you'll quickly forget you're just steps from the hustle and bustle of the casino. I hope my favorite new bartenders will be here in a month's time. I'm definitely going to do a full dinner when I come back!
4	With suitcases in hand we checked this place out to satisfy my curiosity about Michael Mina. I've heard his name thrown around here and there when the conversation is about restaurants. Why is he famous? Why does have so many restaurants??NEW ENGLAND CRAB & LOBSTER ROLLS ($17) - 3 pieces of warm bread with crab & lobster goodness on top. Scrumptious!SEARED FOIE GRAS ($25) - It was perfectly seared and buttery. It also had an apple compote that made it super sweet, super yummy!FRENCH FRIES ($7) - Perfectly salted and perfectly crunchy.BEIGNETS ($9) - So warm, so soft, and so sugary! Then I dipped it in the chocolate caramel sauce....ohmanohmanohman, I was in pure ecstasy! The salty caramel ice cream was a delightful bonus to this dish!CHRIS-TINI ($14) - There was something beyond sweetness, something odd and sour that made me a bit dizzy. I liked it!SUMMER FLING ($14?) - So good yet so bad...The first sip wormed its way into my brain and made me giddy!SERVICE - There was 1 to 2 people standing in each corner watching the dining room. At least they were on it when we needed something. But as the restaurant got busier, we saw less and less of our waiter. We had to flag him down when I wanted to order dessert, when we wanted more drinks, and when we were ready to pay. But my tummy was happy so I wasn't upset with the wait. And props to the manager for hiding our suitcases in his office.After a few appetizers and drinks I kind of understood why Michael Mina is known by a lot of foodies. AHHHH...dining here was a great way to end this Vegas trip! Now I'm curious about the other Michael Mina restaurants!
1	It all started when I got send to work there, I will not recommend this place because the chefs there they don't even wash there hands!! Seriously!!! He is the one who supposed to teach us!! They go to smoke every time they want to and like I said they don't wash there Hands!! Imagine how many people can get sick for this.. I never want it to try anything there only the bread I use to make. Pour people who works there right now because they abuse them so much they don't want to give them a break, and the saddest thing MGM is not aware of this because the staff is afraid to lose there jobs.
5	Warning: this review has very little to do with food, but you'll see why if you scroll down.If I could give the service more than 5 stars, I would!This was our second stop on our happy hour tour this weekend, and apparently the Tom Collins I had at the first place did not sit well with me, because partway through my Moscow Mule and our appetizers (beer-battered shrimp, fries, salad w/ drunken goat cheese, and a short rib slider) I felt like I was going to die. My head was spinning, my ears were ringing, and I was cold and somehow sweating? And before you all judge me, YES I can hold my liquor and I had literally had ONE drink that night. I can't really speak for the food, since all I managed to eat was some salad and a few fries, but I will tell you that the bartender (Mike?) was possibly the nicest human being ever that night, and poured some bitters (which I did NOT want to drink) and ginger ale that calmed my stomach enough for me to rally for the rest of the night! You rule, bartender man!
5	Superb place. Fantastic food and drinks and excellent staff. It was everything I expected and more. I sat up at the bar area for the Happy Hour and shared several appetizers and had a couple of drinks. The fried smelts were excellent and served very nicely. The salads were AWESOME! I loved how the goat cheese was served in two small wedges on the side. It was a nice and neat departure from having cheese thrown into the salad. The macaroni and cheese was very good, I'd say an A-. The quality of the Happy Hour drinks for $6 was incredible. They used pretty high shelf alcohol and the bartenders are impeccable drink makers. In fact, one of them came over a few times and probably gave about 15 minutes of his time to tell us about Michael Mina and some other great chefs he's worked with over his tenure as a Bar Manager. It was incredibly interesting and made me an even bigger Michael Mina fan!The bar itself is also very nice and comfortable. If there are a pair of you, it may be quite comfy to sit at the very end of the bar toward the tables in the restaurant as it wraps around and you can face each other. There may be about 4 seats like this. I will definitely be back and will be telling all my friends and colleagues about this great experience!
4	As a former waitress, I am always amazed at how apathetic the service in Las Vegas can be. The unemployment rate there is high - so I don't understand how they can have anything but the best waiters still at work. Our waiter at Nob Hill was anything but apathetic. Knowledgable. Friendly. Quick with suggestions and recommendations. And the food service overall? Speedy. Pleasant. So antithetical to my usual Vegas experience, that I sat up and took notice. We had a range of "snack-y" things, and most were delicious. Here's the run-down:BBQ Pulled Pork Finger Sandwiches - delicious. Coming from one of the top BBQ states, I can firmly state that these are some yummy Q! Tender pork, just-sweet-enough sauce... Definitely a keeper!Grilled Quail - also delicious. "Don't be delicate, pick it up with your fingers and eat it off of the bone" our server said. Yes. Do. slurp every little tender bit of meat off of that tiny yard bird. Then wish you had another one, it's that good.Truffled Mac and Cheese - YES. Now THAT is what a mac and cheese should be. Perfectly al dente corkscrew pasta, light yet creamy cheese sauce, and the perfect amount of truffling. So good I wanted to smack everyone who makes half-assed mac-n-cheese.Grilled Summer Vegetables - the only fail of the night. Mushy, nothing to really write home about - I wish the server had steered us away from these. Overall, a home run!!
1	I've eaten at and enjoyed Michael Mina's restaurants in San Francisco and wanted to go out with my sister and her husband while spending a few days in Vegas.  Knowing Mina's reputation I felt this restaurant would be a real treat and must say I was severely disappointed.....disappointed enough to sign up for yelp specifically to write this review.The good points (earning this the one star instead of -2).  Nice fresh-out-of-the-oven-bread served.  Waiter was pleasant and tried to help us with our complaints later.  End of good points.The food was overpriced and deplorable.  I had the monkfish for $38.  The portion of fish on my plate could not have been more than 3 ounces which was mostly bone.  I managed to scrape a small amount of fish off the bone which was slightly overcooked and very bland.  There was what may have amounted to a tablespoon of some type of mushroom scattered around the plate and a small cast iron pan of pinto beans on the side which tasted like the worst canned beans I've ever had and "spiced up" with what could only have been a half cup of salt.My sister had the $35 salmon, which was of smaller than average size and according to her tasted "OK, but nothing special".  This was the third time she had had a salmon dish on our trip (twice in SF) and was the worst of the three and at least $10 more expensive.My brother-in-law had the only fairly priced and edible dish of the three of us.  A $20 Kobe beef burger with enough fries to fill up both my sister's and my still growling stomachs.  I had steered away from the burger for "something special", sadly this was probably the best thing on the menu.When we told our waiter of our dissatisfaction, he went to the managers to see if he could do something (again, he was the only highlight of the evening besides the bread).;  The managers took one look at us and figured we weren't Vegas regulars and decided immediately not to do anything to make us feel a little less taken advantage of......this is the modus operandi of the restaurant.  They know they have an unlimited supply of first-time rubes to come in and get fleeced once...they do not need to rely on repeat customers.  If this restaurant were located in San Francisco it wouldn't last 2 months....but in Vegas it is able to feed unsuspecting tourists crappy food based on the name of a well known chef for years on end...If Michael Mina reads this I would suggest he investigate the restaurant that he seems to have lost control of, his SF restaurants are excellent and this place can only serve to destroy his reputation.  I would hope that he is not implicit in this ruse and simply view this as a cash cow instead of worrying about his reputation.  I have had many meals at many restaurants around the US and Europe.  I have no problem paying good money for good food, but I felt like this place was simply set up to fleece unsuspecting tourists.  I would stay far away from this place, and if you happen to find yourself there right now...do yourself a favor and forget the "something special" on the menu and go for the $20 burger...you'll be the only one not feeling completely ripped off and your dinner mates can at least sustain themselves from your enormous portion of fries...
4	overall very good dining experienceseared foie gras - good but not my favorite as it's definitely an acquired tastequail - absolutely delicioussalmon tartare - nothing special in my opinionlamb t-bone - very goodstrip - very good as wellcreamed corn - very good, but a little on the heavy side with too much creambottle of malbec from argentina i think, forgot the name, but it was $65 and very, very good. service was greatwould definitely come here again
3	I finally got my foie gras fix since the foie gras ban happened here in Cali. We made reservations for Nobhill Tavern since it was one of the restaurants that wasn't too too pricey and within walking distance inside our hotel.The ambiance is quite romantic with the restaurant's dim lighting and huge comfy chairs and couch-like benches up against the walls. Our waitress was very nice and efficient. She shared the specials with us and made some quick recommendations. I ordered the seared foie gras of course as the appetizer and the Shelton Farms Chicken Breast as my entree. Yes, I wanted to be sorta "clean" that night. I'd have to the say, the foie gras didn't really WOW me too much. I thought I would take a small bite of it and seriously have an orgasmic foodie attack, but unfortunately that didn't happen. Now I know if I don't have foie gras again for a long while, I won't feel deprived at all. My chicken entree was A-OK...the chicken was slightly too salty for me. Maybe cuz I'm bias, since the SBBF bakes the best and most moist chicken for us at home on a weekly basis. I did like the cauliflower puree and roasted cauliflower that accompanied my entree.One minor issue I had during our dining experience was when they seated a table of 4-5 LOUD and not very "dressy" lookin' senior citizens right behind us, and there were plenty of other tables to seat them at. When we dine out at a restaurant that's 3 dollar signs or more, I honestly expect to have it somewhat quiet for me to enjoy the conversation that I'm trying to have.I honestly would have given Nobhill Tavern 2 stars if it weren't for the delicious basket of bread they brought out with this flavorful olive oil. The little rolls they had were like pockets of carb heaven! Yummers.I'd probably only come back here if I really wanted some good snack-sized bread. Yeah, obviously that's not gonna happen cuz I'm sure I can get just as good of bread elsewhere.
4	Food was pretty darn good. Beer battered shrimp app was amazing!  I had the Lobster Pot Pie that was extremely intimidating until they served it to you. It was extremely good, but very rich!!  Had a great time. Atmosphere is very nice.
2	I've been a Las Vegas local for about a year now, and I have done my best to eat my way around the city. If there is one thing that I have come to appreciate since moving here, is that hospitality and customer service is king.Now, I am the first to admit that I am a somewhat lazy Yelper, only really Yelping about something that is either really good, or really bad.Having said that, this is yet another example of poor customer service ruining what could have been a great meal, but we never got that far.My wife and I approached the hostess station, and the hostess looked up and made eye contact, without a hello, and waited for me to start speaking. The second I opened my mouth, she blurts out, "I'll be with you in a minute!". It was as if she was setting me up, waiting for me to speak, just so she could shut me down.So, I waited. Then when she was ready, she said "Can I help you?", to which I started to ask what time they started serving dinner, but all I got out was "What time do....", before she interrupted smugly with "Do you have a reservation?".I managed to get out "No, but....", before her final declaration..."My first available is at 8pm", (it was 5:15pm) followed by a snooty stare that seemed to say, next time, think ahead, moron.My wife and I walked away with our tails between our legs, embarrassed, and went somewhere else, where we had a great meal, then wrote this review.I'd have given them a one, but I threw in an extra star for having a great menu. I'll bet the food was good, but I'll never know.
5	AWESOME meal!  Interesting flavor combinations and everything was WOW!!!  I was expecting good but not WOW!.. Tool a group of 15 people there and everyone loved it.  Service was excellent also!
5	Still amazing. This is a fantastic place to go have a drink or 2 and an appetizer or 2 at the bar during happy hour. Make this a must-stop during your Vega$ trip.
5	Securing reservations to dinner in Vegas on the day of is not a simple task.  After getting denied by multiple restaurants, Nobill Tavern saved the day.  They were able to squeeze us in at 8:15 before we got our unce on at XS.We arrived to a packed and noisy house (which I enjoy) and was seated after a old fashioned at the bar.  What myself/group ordered:Kumamoto Oysters:  They were spot on perfect. Fresh and briny, and awesome way to start a meal.Charcuterie Sampler:  The selection of dried meats were good but the pate was the star of the night.  I love pate so this was literally a no-brainer.  I could eat their pate everyday for the rest of my life.  NY Strip:  Cooked to a perfect medium rare.  Juicy, bloody, tender, and full of flavor.Duck Fat Fries:  To be honest I really couldn't tell the difference between fries cooked in duck fat compared to fries cooked with regular oil.  They were good though.Truffle Mac and Cheese:  Paired awesome with the broccoli and had a nice hint of truffle flavor to it.Brussels Sprouts:  I'm a brussels sprouts whore so this was another no-brainer dish for me.  Delicious.Everything about this restaurant flowed so well with what my friends and I were expecting.  Service was awesome and so was the food.  I've always walked past this restaurant and never gave it a second thought, but after our meal last night, it's definitely a restaurant I will recommend to others.
5	OUTSTANDING SERVICE AND FOODWe dined there with two longtime friends on their first trip to Vegas.My wife had been here in February and said we needed to try this place it was excellent-she wasn't wrong.We made a reservation on OpenTable and were seated promptly.The service was impeccable-what you would expect from a 5 star restaurant. Like it use to be when I was young.  At one point we had four servers at our table doing various things.I had the filet mignon. It was a lot more than 8 ounces.  It was cooked to perfection.  I had the bone marrow. Didn't like it too much.  It was, I thought, a little undercooked or was lacking in flavor.  I've had this many times and this didn't compare The wine list was extensive-if not overpriced.  But again, this was a restaurant in a casino so I guess you would expect to pay more.Our friend had the pork chop. It was huge, it took up the whole plate.I had several bites it was perfect. I wanted to order that too but I was full.  Great flavors on the breading and the meat was tender and flavorful.The desserts were excellent.Overall, the price was a little high but the quality and service merit the extra money.
4	The food and drinks were great for happy hour! The only reason I'm not giving it a full five stars is because the service was deplorable. Surprising for a place of Michael Mina.
1	We ate here before catching the 7:00pm showing of Ka at MGM. The service was awesome and the food tasted great. I am giving this one star because  6 hours later I had the worst food poisoning I have ever experienced. The violent vomiting and trembling lasted at least 14 hours. 99.9% sure it came from the rice that was under the breaded pork I ordered.  the GF had a small bite of it and she had minor symptoms later that night as well. I doubt it happens a lot at a restaurant of this caliber but it definitely completely ruined my Las Vegas weekend. I lost 2 nights of fun thanks to Nobhill.  I certainly will never eat here again.
4	The first night we arrived in Las Vegas we stopped by Nobhill because they had a killer happy hour special with great food options. I wasn't sure I would be able to eat anything there but the manager ended up coming out and talking with me about the menu and giving me some suggestions on gluten free food items.I decided to get a burger without the bun and french fries. I haven't had french fries in so long because most places cook them in the same fryer as other breaded items which then prevents me from having some.The burger came out really fancy with some cole slaw on top and cheese. It was pretty fantastic.The french fries were little skinny fries which were cooked really crispy (my favorite kind). I could only finish about half of the meal because the burger was really big and there were enough french fries for 2 or 3 people as an individual serving.This is the only restaurant I felt funny after eating in the whole trip. I did get a bit of a stomach ache and had to run to the restroom at one of the night clubs we went to that night. It didn't ruin the night but put a little damper on the mood and really made me long for my pajama's and some tea while we were out partying. Thinking about it, it could have been the cole slaw depending on what they used to make the sauce.I didn't get joint pain or a headache and I only had to use the restroom one time so I'm wondering if it was more a lactose issue or a gluten issue. Likely lactose since the problem resolved itself pretty quickly.I'd say I'm indifferent to recommending this restaurant to you as a gluten free option. I think there were a few other places at MGM offering more knowledge and food options than the Nobhill Tavern. I give it a maybe ;)
3	The ambience, decor, staff and bar were top notch. The sommelier was excellent. Unfortunately, with exception of my husband's steak (excellent), the food was not. The chef/kitchen are not up to par given this price point and their counterparts. I am on a carb-restricted diet- and the bread was so crunchy it didn't even tempt me. The ceasar salad was good- nothing outstanding. The "spice poached prawns" at $18 were no tastier or larger than the $10 shrimp cocktail you can get anywhere. My meal was almost laughable. For $36 I had 4 gritty scallops the size of quarters- only one side was seared. There were 4 pieces of "carmelized" cauliflower. I was not fooled. Try steamed cauliflower lit with a butane torch on the edges to give it a "browned" look. Desert was meh. We loved the staff and they were attentive- even though we were there late. The look was "warm modern" and we enjoyed our surroundings. However we were there to eat dinner- and the food was very lackluster- especially at this price point. Michael Mina & chef spent a lot of time creating a gourmet upscale "innovative" tavern menu- they should spend a lot more time executing it.
4	outstanding food ...the chicken breast dish ws out of this world and the desserts are very good...asked for the semi private cabana or whatever they call it and it was very nice...loved everything .ate here on jan3,2013..mark
4	Our second time here didn't disappoint.  Had another great meal. The food here is so much better than at Michael Mina in the Bellagio.  Only minor complaint is that the environment doesn't feel very comfortable and service isn't as attentive as it should be.
4	Dropped by for their happy hour. All of their cocktails were great, and only $6! They make them with some fairly high quality alcohol as well, which is a plus. The service is splendid, and the atmosphere is great for a post-dinner rendezvous over meticulously made cocktails.
4	Love the romantic ambiance here. We dropped in after a show for some drinks and snacks and even though all the tables were taken, we had a great time at the bar. Great late night snack menu.
2	In fairness, I would've given this restaurant 2.5, but since the biggest detractor to me was the food, rounded down accordingly.I have to say, the service was spectacular; our waiter was incredibly attentive and accommodating, friendly yet professional.  Definitely an asset to the restaurant.  The ambiance was good, nice vibe, good volume level, cool decor.  And, the booking was easy to do - booked reservation for 12 people via OpenTable - easy as pie.  :)Now for the critical feedback: 1) table setup; 2) food.  The tables were arranged with 2 long, rectangular tables placed next to each other.  It provided a sort of square for everyone to sit around.  However, you couldn't talk to anyone aside from those on your immediate left or right without literally shouting.  It would have been SO much better had they just sat the 12 of us around 1 of those tables, or decided to go longer instead of wider.  Took away from the experience by not being able to talk to more than 1-2 people.The food was not at all worth the price, and we tried many different things.  The biggest disappointment was the truffle mac&cheese - it was a joke.  It was like a soupy cream sauce poured over some elbow macaroni.  In addition to the lackluster look and texture, it was flavorless.  For what so many of us were excited about and ordered, it wasn't good at all.  My husband got the breaded pork chop which was also mediocre.  I asked if the chicken option was on the bone; the waiter explained it was, but that there was a delicious, special he could have made for me - chicken breast with leeks and butternut squash risotto.  I literally had 2 bites of the chicken and left the rest on the plate - it was gross.  I had a few bites of the risotto but that was it.  The filet was good, but even my friend who got the $85 lobster pot pie - the presentation was amazing, I must say - said it was average tasting.We ended up spending approx $1200 on food and drinks, and just expected more.  Likely won't go back.
4	I went to Nobhill and had early dinner before Lady Gaga's concert. Service here is very nice and efficient. Price range is more affordable compared to other Michael Mina's restaurants (Micheal Mina at Bellagio, American Fish). I ordered Seared Foie Greas and Maine Lobster Ginger Aioli for appetizers. Chef was pretty generous with portion of foie gras. It tasted buttery and was prepared exactly the way I like. Maine lobster was very fresh and sweet. Both my appetizers tasted great pared with the German Riesling server recommended. The lamb shank I ordered for entree came in huge portion. There was one second I thought it was German Pork Knuckles.(now you can image how big it is). Lamb shank was tender and juice. However, I would like it with more seasoning. Overall, I had a great experience and would like to come back for more appetizers and deserts next time.Word on the street says the Michael Mina's Nobhill Tavern will be the next to go at the resort, replaced by of La Cave. I hope Nobhill could stay long enough till my second visit.
4	I dined here almost a year ago so forgive me on the lack of details. I dined alone and this restaurant had a bar which made it convenient. Bartender was friendly and responsive. The cocktails here are wonderful and creative. I ordered a lobster roll for an appetizer which was very well prepared albeit miniscule in portion size which is to be expected of such a dining establishment. I don't recall what I ate for dinner or dessert but it was wonderful.Key takeaway from my light on detail review: it's good if you are looking to dine alone and bear in mind, it's refined but it's not the hottest/trendiest spot. It's very quiet and mellow which makes for a relaxing meal and good conversation.
4	I came here with some coworkers earlier this week for a team dinner, and I had a blast. Here's a recollection of my thoughts:Pros:+ Ambiance is very nice. Very romantic setting. +Staff is very nice! Loved the host who walked us to the table, the waiter was very amicable and helpful, and the sommelier was also very helpful and friendly.+The bread basket consisted of really yummy fresh breads. I particularly liked the cheesy bun.+I ordered the lobster mac and cheese. Really good fresh lobster, great creamy sauce, nice presentation+They had vegetarian options, including a non-menu item. They can cook something up for you if you are a non-meat eater.+Bone marrow was deliciously juicy+Skirt steak was really good too, although the coworker who ordered it thought that it was a little too salty+Great wine selection, and if you aren't too familiar with wines, the sommelier is very friendly and will walk you through the menu and make suggestions.Cons:- Nothing
5	There aren't many bang for buck eats at the MGM Grand but the weekday happy hour here is definitely one of them.  I've been here a couple of times and have enjoyed everything I've sampled.  They've billed their deal as the "all night happy hour" which runs Tuesday-Friday from 5:30pm to close.  They have lots of great snacks and finger foods to munch on.  Each of them go for $6 with the duck fat fries being the only one that would fill you up.  The fries are huge and it might be the perfect fry for me.  But it's all about quality over quantity with these dishes.  The beef shortrib sliders have some of the most tender mini slices of meat ever.  I also like the crispy chicken wings a lot and also the beer battered shrimp.  Drink specials include $3 PBR's because they're trying to keep it real and make Dennis Hopper happy in heaven.  They also offer several cocktails like the "Whiskey Smash" with Makers Mark, lime, mint and sugar.  My wife likes the "Perfect Effen Drop" which consists of Effen Black Cherry Vodka, fresh sour and creme de cassis whatever the heck that is.  The bartenders are very knowledgeable with the menu and very friendly.  Happy hour bled into dinner the last time I was here as we imbibed a little more than we probably should have.  The bartender strongly urged I order the "Harissa Glazed Lamb Shank" and that was right on the money.  No knife was necessary for this perfect piece of lamb.  It was juicy, tender, almost fall off the bone awesome. It was accompanied with cous cous and raisins.  I could've used some pita and yogurt sauce if they had it.  The clear star entree had to be the "Lobster Pot Pie" with truffle cream and vegetables.  We didn't have it but couldn't miss a few of the customers getting it.  The server rolls out this baby tableside while everything is still in the pot.  Then they cut the crust from the top and carefully separate the pie from the pot on to a large plate for a unique presentation.  That was $85.  I'll save that one for a different occasion.
4	This place was wonderful! My boyfriend and I ate here before going to see David Copperfield.  We just had drinks, appetizers, and dessert, but it was still delicious.  Hope to go back for dinner one day.
4	Nobhill Tavern is an upscale take on tavern food (read: kicked-up comfort food with a few diversions). The restaurant was very busy but it was not difficult to get a Saturday night reservation. Keeping with the tavern theme, the restaurant is decorated modern furnishings in dark woods and dark earth tones, with low light, giving the whole place a masculine ambience.The menu has lots of interesting choices, but is not overwhelming. The wine list, on the other hand, is very extensive. It was late (9 pm) and we weren't in the mood for a heavy dinner, so we settled on a shared main course and a variety of appetizers and side dishes instead. We really wanted to try the lobster pot pie that others had raved about, but they were out of it. Disappointing!! Instead, the server suggested the braised lamb shank, served with a cinnamon infused couscous with golden raisins. We also ordered steamed spinach, truffle mac and cheese, crab and lobster rolls, and bbq pulled pork finger sandwiches. For the crab and lobster rolls, a dollop of crab and lobster salad was served atop a soft roll. Each of the rolls could be eaten in two bites (or one if you're really ambitious), and there were three rolls on the plate, for $17. A bit pricy, but they were delicious! The crab and lobster salad was bound with creme fraiche, delicately flavored with chives and tarragon. Pulled pork in a rich bbq sauce was served on what looked like the bottom of a slider bun, and so weren't really "sandwiches". The sauce was a bit too sweet for my taste, but not too bad. I've definitely had better pulled pork bbq. The truffled mac and cheese was very rich, consisting of elbow macaroni in a truffle oil infused cheese sauce, and mixed with shiitake mushrooms and broccoli. We were told there were black truffle shavings in it, but we didn't detect any. Though a bit of a splurge (in calories mainly), this was a great side dish.The lamb shank had a nice coating of herbs and spices, and was served with a rich sauce infused with warm spices. The lamb was fork tender and melted in your mouth, but really needed some salt. Unfortunately, the lamb was the centerpiece of the meal, and so dragged our whole experience down a bit.On the whole, the meal was good, but there were a few missteps. If we come back, we'll come earlier for the lobster pot pie!
3	Food was very good, waiter (Chris) provided excellent service.  They did sit us on temporary chairs (by the kitchen too) though.Not much use even posting this because they are closing soon.
5	Oh my goodness, I feel like I am writing this review too late. Nobhill Tavern is closing soon, but I am hoping that with this review it will go out with a bang. Nobhill Tavern, like all Michael Mina restaurants, is fantastic. Truly. The staff at all MM restaurants excel at their jobs. They understand that people go out to dine for the experience of it all, and they do a perfect job.You must, you must order a Cable car. And even if you think you can make it at home (I'm talking to you Tony Abou-Ganim), order here. It's like going to Harry's bar and ordering a martini. You know it will be the best martini you've ever had.Onto the food! The food is delicious! I've tried the short rib, the pork chop and the lamb shank. They were all wonderful. Try the horseradish whipped potatoes, they sound interesting, and they are very good.
4	My husband and I hit this place on a Friday night... It wasn't crowded (probably because we were early by Vegas standards) and we got great service. Fantastic oysters, duck fat fries, and sliders with nice flavors and presentation. The charcuterie was also nice, although could have benefitted from contrasting flavors to accompany the various meats. Prices were reasonable for the food quality and portions.
4	we were here last weekend so this review is a little behind.i'll start by saying this- it wasnt cheap!we had dinner with another couple and were all pretty happy by the end of the meal.one of the girls in our party had the infamous lobster pot pie. im not the biggest seafood fan but this thing was pretty intense. as youve seen in other reviews, they bring it out tableside and then proceed to "build it" from there. they cut the top off, lay it on the plate then add everything else to it. i even took a bit. definitely not as good as the ribeye that i had.im a carnivore, plain and simple. and this piece of meat had me in heaven. it had some sort of reduction sauce on it (very light) and it was delicious. i dont really remember what everyone else had so i cant tell you more.ive read that its closing so that kinda sucks cuz i wouldve definitely gone back to it the next time i was in vegas.
4	Really enjoyed the appetizer/happy hour food and beverage. Sit at the bar and people watch.
5	A very beautiful restaraunt with amazing food and great service! Jidori chicken was to die for! The oysters were sooo good, we ordered two. And duck fat fries were very good as well. Love the interior here! Feels very welcoming and the staff makes sure you feel that way as well, and they go out of their way to explain things, our waiter brought out a ticket where they got some of our meal :)
5	03/07/13 DINNERWOW!That's the word for this evening. WOW!We had been here before, for happy hour, every Tuesday-Friday, all night long! And we had enjoyed it immensely, altho the HH cocktails were rather short on substance. (I'd order one or two HH cocktails, then one off the menu for the fun of it.)This time, tho, spouse and I came here to celebrate the 33rd anniversary of our official "commitment". (You see, we can't legally marry in this country, or at least in this state.) We had spent anniversary 32 and 31 in very pathetic circumstances (new to Vegas, too poor to splurge, etc). BUT THIS EVENING MADE UP FOR THOSE BAD ANNIVERSARIES!What we had.Cocktails: I had the La Louisanne, spouse had the Not Your Old Fashioned. Both outstanding.Opener: We shared two dishes. The Housemade Pate, which was excellent. (Not too gamey, perfect balance.) Also the Shaved Octopus & Calamari, which turned out to be a ceviche. Incredibly light & refreshing.Mains: I went with 2 appetizers. First, the Seared Foie Gras w/ "seasonal accompaniment", this time I believe gooseberries, which as the best Foie I've had since I moved here 2.25 years ago. Then came the Grilled Quail Valley Quail w/ pickled pumpkin, brown butter & spiced pumpkin seeds. Every bite was perfection for me. I was paired by the somm with a Tokaji 5 Puttonyos for the Foie, an Albrecht Rose for the quail. Both great choices. Spouse went with the Phyllo-Crusted "Fish & Chips" w/ malt vinegar butter, brandade, russet crisps and an egg on top! This dish was a revelation. It was 2 sole fillets (yes, this was a BIG portion of food), they were SO beautifully cooked, I was severely jealous! And that brandade, OMG. They don't offer that as a "side", but they should, it's incredible, tons of chunks of cod strewn throughout the mashed potatoes. The best fish & chips (albeit unorthodox) spouse had ever had, and he's been to many great chip shops in England. The somm suggested 2 half-glasses of Chardonnay (can you believe that, they charged for only 1 glass of wine, even tho he got 2 tastings!), as that's what spouse thought would pair nicely. Well, the Talbott Sleepy Hollow didn't really work, a bit too oaky, but the William Fevre Chablis was GENIUS with this dish.Sides: We got a side of Duck Fat Fries, because we wanted to try them, and I didn't have a starch. WOW! (There's that word again!) But a HUGE portion, you need at least 3 people to finish them. We also got the Brussel Sprouts w/ Hobb's Bacon. Delicious.Dessert: We ordered the pain perdue w/ apples, pear, applesauce & hibiscus leaves. Perfect ending. Not too heavy, not too light, just right.This was one of the best meals we've had in Las Vegas since moving here 2.25 years ago.AND YET THEY'RE CLOSING, MARCH 30 2013!FOREVER!NO MORE FINE DINING FROM MICHAEL MINA IN THE MGM GRAND!Our advice: GO! NOW!PS We actually came to share their legendary Maine Lobster Pot Pie w/ Baby Vegetables & Truffle Cream, but at $84 we were hesitant at the beginning of the evening. But NOW, since we ate so many fantastic dishes in one evening, we want to return with 2 more people and share one of those puppies. But we have yet to find any takers. :(
3	I had dinner at Nobhill tavern on my last night of a VERY long business trip to Vegas. My co-workers had been looking for the cheapest place to eat all week and I was Jonesin for some real food. I had s nice little table in the back and was surprised at how empty the place was. After perusing the menu and chatting with my waiter I decided on the antipasti meats and cheese to start and the lobster pot pie. The meats ad cheese were really nice and they were served with this fabulous grilled bread. I probably should've just made that my meal. The lobster pot pie is very nicely presented. They bring out this huge copper pot with pastry draped over the too and sides,. I was a little worried when I saw the size of the pot, but once they cut the top off they show you that the pot pie doesn't come s lose to filling it, which was a relief. You do get a whole lobster , it's in a nicer light sauce, Netherlands heavy sauce that you usually think of with pot pie, and some nice  vegetables. I must say that I was a little surprised when I got my bill. Of course it's my fault for not asking what the 'market price'  was, but I was nit expecting it to be $85. It was good, but not worth $85 in my opinion.
4	I setup a pre-arranged HH with heavy Hors d'oeuvres before we went to the Pac 12 Championship game inside the MGM. We had already had a nice dinner the night before so we just wanted some snacks and some nice cocktails. Nob Hill Tavern was perfect for the occasion.  Since I pre-arranged the menu ahead of time, within minutes of sitting down they brought out the freshly prepared food for us to start munching on.Cheeseburger sliders - Juicy patty. Good flavorCrispy Korean BBQ Wings - Proly my favorite thing. Great crunch on the wing (they brine the wings for a substantial amount of time ahead of frying) and great flavor.Pulled Pork Sliders - I liked these but a buddy didnt. Had a jalapeno on top for a little spice and I liked that the sauce was non traditional.Wood Grilled Sausages - Liked the sausages but presentation was different than expected.Charcuterie plate - Good charcuterie plate. Loved the prosciutto and pate'.Truffle Mac & Cheese - Not too rich and good truffle flavorDuck Fat Fries - Okay fries, nothing specialService was great and the cocktails were perfect. I am bummed this place is closing because I would definitely come back on my next visit.
4	During a recent trip to Vegas, boyfriend and I decided to not gamble all of our money away (for once), and instead treat ourselves to a nice meal. Nobhill Tavern in MGM ended up being a delightful choice.We made reservations and were seated immediately upon arrival. It took our server a little while to actually get over to us (close to 10 minutes), which is a bummer when you're thirsty after walking pregnantly down the Strip...but not a huge deal. We eventually got water and all was well again.For food I went what I guess is the signature house dish - the lobster pot pie. This entree is sort of an event in itself. A server brings it out on a cart, cuts off the pot pie top and puts it on a plate, and then ladles out the lobster-ness on top of it. Creamy, fresh, and yummy, for sure. However, this dish is INCREDIBLY pricey, even for lobster - as in $85 pricey. There was enough lobster to share this dish between two people, so if you're interested in trying it, I would recommend going that route. Boyfriend had pork chops, which, in all honesty, we both liked better than the lobster pot pie - and I'm not even a huge pork chop fan. We also both shared the truffle mac and cheese, which was good. I was a little bummed overall by our server. There are some servers in the world who will immediately judge a table as soon as they order water to drink. I get it. I used to wait tables and I get that sometimes there are certain customer stereotypes that usually start with ordering water. But I'm pregnant, guys. Your wine list looks amazing, but I'm pregnant. Plus I'm ordering an $85 lobster thingy. And I'm going to leave you a big tip. And I'm a nice human being who deserves great service, even when trying to hydrate in the simplest of ways. You don't need to pay me less attention than your other customers just because I'm ordering water. Anyway. Good food. Romantic atmosphere. Service good have been stronger.
4	Sad to hear its closing. Was very nice.
3	Still a bit in the middle on this place.  Fairly pricey for good food.... UNLESS you catch the "Happy Hour" in which there are some deals to be had.
4	The Lobster Pot Pie ($80) is their signature dish and I can see why. Very nice presentation on how they deliver it and and put it on dish. You get a whole lobster and they throw some heavy cream sauce with veggies and the bottom layer is pastry crust. It taste good and warms you up on hot desert 100 degree night but its not worth the price tag. Definitely try it out though.
5	Recently went out to eat here and have to say our server David was amazing. Great service and amazing food. The lobster potpie is to DIE for! I would defiantly recommend this place and will be coming back next time I am in town.
