5	These guys are great! They are very knowledgeable about their business and the machines they work on. I had an outdated machine that needed fixing, and they got it working. As i said it was outdated, and something else went wrong with it a couple months later, and at that point they worked with me to afford a brand new machine, which is working GREAT to this day now. If you are ever in need of repairs, or new equipment I highly recommend Coyote Coffee Equipment.
5	This place is great. Have been there three times and everything has been amazing. The gentleman that made my coffee is exceptional. Not only did he know what he was doing but was very precise and meticulous in the way he prepared my americano. It showed that he cared about how 'he' made it, not just how I wanted it. I love it when someone takes pride in their work.They also have a cozy seating area where one can hang out or study. I'll be coming here more often.
5	The inside of this shop is super comfy and reminds me of my parents' living room. The coffee is delicious and all of the baristas Are very welcoming. They even have smoothies and milkshakes! Note: I work here now, but I promise I felt this way as a customer at the beginning : )
5	This is an amazing coffee shop and by far the best coffee I've had. I often go into small local shops (and I love my starbucks) and try coffee and this place has amazing coffee! It tastes great, the price is extremely reasonable and the staff is beyond friendly. I highly recommend this coffee shop to anyone visiting or local.
5	Always like coming here. Inside is very clean, very comfy.... Staff is always nice. Iced/hot Americano is my forte.... I can really taste the quality espresso.
5	Okay...I might be a little biased since our daughter works here and took care of us today. My hot chai latte was delicious and Sue said her hot chocolate was "the best ever."  They have a great selection, a comfortable and clean sitting area, wifi and some outdoor seating. Enjoy!
4	I live near here and frequently drop in to get coffee and every time I'm glad I went. They are very consistent with how they make drinks; something that many coffee shops in the area lack completely. The staff are very friendly and the atmosphere is very welcoming and clean.
5	The Coyote Cafe's service and exceptional beverages definitely are the two best reasons I stop here for Joe. It's easy to get to, plus the fast service means I can skip the lines at any every other coffee shop for lattes, blended coffee, and espressos of equal and often higher quality. The sweet staff and homey vibes definitely make Coyote Cafe a real Tempe treat. Thanks for the great service CC staff!
