4	Very fresh and tasty.  Friendly service. A bit noisy. Nice terraces
4	This was our first time here but on the recommendation of friends. We had an excellent dinner. The scallops with shrimp were beautifully prepared and presented. The special cote de boeuf was cooked medium rare and was tender and succulent. My wife had the Buratina and the Papardelle which were also excellent. The wine list was not extensive but there was plenty to choose from to complement the meal. Wrapped it all up with a 375ml bottle of tawny port from Warres and a selection of fine Quebec cheeses. Couldn't ask for more. The decor is minimalist with the menu prominently displayed on a large blackboard which stimulated discussion around the table. There was also the option of a 7 course degustation menu which looked very interesting. There is a patio but, not surprising for a central restaurant, it is close to the road. The service was excellent. Very friendly, attentive and timely without being annoying. Prices were not cheap but I found it very good value for money. Overall it was a great experience and I would recommend St-Urbain to anyone who enjoys good food.
3	My sister had eared about this restaurant so we decided to try it for my last evening in Montreal. Located right at the corner of Fleury and St-Urbain people knowing Montreal won't have any problem to find it. Visitors might have a harder time but with a map or a GPS they will find they way for sure.This French Bistro style restaurant is quite inviting. Inside it's like an open space. From the dining area you can see the cooks preparing the ordered meals. I liked this concept. I'm always curious to see how they work. The decoration was simple but very nice. Our waiter was perfect. He was always smiling and answered all the questions we had concerning the menu. To note the menu is on the wall, no paper menu is offered there. From appetizers to dessert we enjoyed our meal. It was well presented and really delicious. I have to say that the size of the main dish portion were small. On the other hand the appetizer's plates size were perfect.One thing I loved there is, they offer wine from private importation. The reason I'm saying this is that in Quebec the state control the alcohol business. Which means a lot of very good wine never make it to Quebec because their producer can't comply with the "production volume" requested by the state company. But here in this restaurant 80% of the wines were imported by private companies. It's, for me, a big plus for this restaurant. They can offer special wines which can't be found in stores in Quebec.Even if I spent a great evening enjoying great food, I can't give a 4 nor a 5 stars. The reason: the prices. It's was too pricey for what we had. We were 2 and we paid, including taxes, 277$ CAD.  The prices were like I was here in Zurich in a good restaurant but I was in Canada where everything is much cheaper. I honestly wonder how locals can afford a complete meal including a bottle of wine there. You can definitely eat as good for half the price somewhere else in Montreal.
