2	Someone please, please tell me why these places are so popular.  I really don't get it.  The food is very, very average.  The place has no edge and nothing sets it apart.  Why would anyone go to these places?  Why not find a good deli or local coffee shop?   To be fair, they have good iced tea but that doesn't exactly require a master chef.  I hate how poeple frequent mediocre establishments in this town just because they are everywhere.  Support local, everyone...please...
3	I have been eating a lot of sandwiches lately, I can't help it tho, they are good. Paradise would rank somewhere in in the lower half of my preferred sammys. I must explain tho.... I eat there quiet frequently, as they are conveniently located in just about every mall, and down the street from anywhere I would be, BUT the convenience and decent food is the only reason I pick PB. Their Wall-nut Chicken Salad sandwich is my fave, tastes good and pretty filling. My mom had the Chinese Chicken Salad the other day and said bland was an over statement for this ordinary blah salad, "It needs something." is how she described it, even after she added cranbarries, salt and papper and more dressing. I will say tho, I almost want to add a fourth star for their chipper cookies. So yummy! Perfectly moist and the perfect size for a quick sweet bite. Great price too, I think it's like $4 for a dozen or something. Overall PB is good, fast service and a decent mean, but use it for your second choice or backup plan.
4	This is my new Panera for lunch.  Came in with a friend... got the 1/2 sandwich and 1/2 salad.  Both were yummy and filling and you even get a freshly baked cookie with it.  My husband has told me that the staff room at his worked always has a box of their cookies out and now I know it's because the cookies are awesome.  They are the crunchy around the outside and soft and gooey on the inside like fresh baked cookies your grandma makes.  I like it a lot and will be a repeat customer.
3	I'm not getting what drives so many people into this place.  Went in there because the other restaurants around this place (strip mall) didn't offer any healthier options.  I tried to eat decently so I ordered the Asian Chicken Salad.  Paid $6. Waaaaayyy overpriced.  Got a small bowl of somewhat brown cabbage.  A few crispy noodles.  A few little chunks of chicken and 5-6 edamame.  Nothing to it for $6.  The dressing was decent tasting but paying the prices they get for "nothing" does not make me want to come back.
5	One of our favorite place to go, everything is always fresh and great
4	I like this location.It's your usual Paradise Bakery fare.  Nothing different than any other location, in terms of menu.  For those unfamiliar, the menu consists of fresh salads, sandwiches and soups, plus baked sweets.  Nothing out of the ordinary, but in this day of fried this-and-that, it's nice to get a fast, tasty meal that doesn't involve deep-fryer immersion.It can be very busy but the employees keep the tables clean and available.  There is an obvious effort to making orders accurately.  The employees are friendly.This kind of place appeals to people of all ages and walks of life.    Last week I took a day off to spend with my 10 year old, who was on Spring break.  I let her pick our "going out to lunch place".  She chose this Paradise Bakery.  She enjoys the fresh food selections, and sitting on the patio.  There were business people eating lunch, seniors, ladies lunching, all kinds.  Apparently it's good place for a first date! An older couple who sat near us were on their first date, matched up on E-Harmony.com, according to my daughter over overheard this exchange when   I ran to get a tea refill. They have AWESOME fresh brewed Iced Tea, which is a big PLUS in my book.  They also have free WI-FI, and it's a great place to meet a friend for a snack and a visit.  GO AND GET A Ginger Molasses Cookie!
5	Paradise Bakery - the name describes it perfectly.Paradise Bakery opened about the same year I moved to PHX, many moons ago.  They have numerous locations in the PHX area.  Over the years, I've eaten there more than a hundred times and the food is consistently great.It's not fancy, in fact, you stand in line with a tray (think grade school cafeteria line) and as you move along you can order freshly made to order sandwiches and salads.  They mix your salad ingredients together and toss it right in front of you.  In the short time it takes to create your salad, your sandwich will be ready.  Although they have many sandwich choices, my favorite, is their chicken walnut salad served on dark whole grain bread.  My favorite salad is the crumbly blue cheese with dried cranberries and sunflower seeds, so refreshing and tangy.  Each sandwich or salad comes with one chocolate chip cookie.  If you'd prefer different cookie flavor, just ask.Paradise Bakery also sells dozen cookie combo packs that make a special treat for a friend, or even better, for you.
2	I typically like Paradise Bakery. They are usually good for a quick lunch and have healthier options than most of the other "fast" places in my area. This location however, needs some work. The service as always is good, but the food leaves much to be desired. The iced tea is atrocious. I can't exactly pinpoint it, I think the container/brew filters need to be cleaned because the taste is stale. In addition to that, it is completely watered down so you can't taste the mango at all. I actually did a taste comparison to ensure I wasn't losing my mind. After lunch at Paradise Bakery I went to PV Mall and tried the tea at the location there and it was great. The chicken salad was also huge let down. The strawberries and pineapple were not fresh, they came in heavy sweet syrup. Needless to say I was not in Paradise and will probably pass this place on my way to Wildflower going forward.
3	I've been to several PBs in the Valley.  They are always pretty good and very consistent.  I liked my mandarin orange muffin Sunday morning.  I wish they'd get with the trend and offer a green iced tea option at some point.
4	This is one of the newer Paradise Bakery & Cafe's. When you enter, you encounter the bakery and coffee bar, but can go ahead and skip to the sandwich counter or further down to the salad and soup station depending on what you are craving. The service I've had here has been quick and friendly. The only downside is that it can get packed pretty quickly, leaving you with few outside seating options to choose from. Many times, you will find that a table of four is being occupied by a loner on his/her laptop, grr. Anyhow, the food is always delicious and on the healthier side (as long as you stay away from the cookie that comes with the sandwich). I've had salads, soups, and sandwiches from here and they all have tasted fresh. You can also do combos of either a half of sandwich with soup or a small salad and soup, which I always take advantage of! The coffee is good, but super expensive (I'm sorry, but did I just step into Starbucks?!). Another bummer of this location is the parking, it can be a challenge depending on what time of day you go, but when you finally do park and enjoy your meal, you'll found out it was worth it.
3	Looks like a cool place (a lot bigger than it looks on the outside) with a pretty big menu.  Food was pretty average and coffee was as well.Service was really friendly though.
3	From the perspective of a celiac: their cookies still aren't gluten-free, but some of their salads (sans croutons) are definitely A-OK.
5	Medical assistance in a Bakery?Great bakery service.  I've come here for meetings in the morning about 20 times.  Staff are friendly and you never feel rushed out even when you didn't order anything.  I was with a friend that had some medical problems and ended up on the ground.  Staff came around more than once to help out and to see what else they could do.  Food has always been good and consistent.
5	We go here at least twice a month (ok, sometimes weekly!).  For those who haven't been here, it is cafeteria style where you walk through and place your order and get a number.  You pay at the cash register and then within a couple of minutes of getting your drink and finding a table, your food comes out to you.  Love their soups and salads and their chicken walnut sandwiches are absolutely amazing.  With most meals, you also get the most decadent chocolate chip cookie - mmmmm!  Great food and customer service.
2	I have been going to this location because we have a group that meets here once a month. I am not really a fan of their food. I much prefer Wildflower's choices, And the attitude of people behind the counter has always been like- I'm doing you a favor by making this sandwich or salad or whatever.
3	It reminds me of Panera back home - as a matter of fact, there are undoubtedly ties - but their lack of Equal sweetener is a perplexing omission.  More annoyingly, the employees at this particular location are absolutely cloying - circulating the room like hawks to clear away whatever plate or speck of dust they can find - often to the point of distraction.A good soundtrack - Neil Young?  Really?? - but the random internet downtimes and 30 minute restrictions simply make Wildflower a far better choice for my needs.
2	Very poor service. Had a line of 7 people yesterday (I was one of them), and they ignored us for quite some time. One guy finally blew and made a scene. Today standing there  by myself. Nobody acknowledged me today, so I am not impressed.
4	I only go here for their Walnut Chicken Salad sandwich and cookies. I should probably reverse the order of that because the cookies are the real treat. We used to come here regularly on Saturdays until we moved closer to the location on Scottsdale Road. The sandwiches are relatively expensive and it is hard to get out of there for under $10, so I limit my visits. If I get a two for one cookie then it is close to $12. I will go to the less expensive sub shops for a turkey sandwich, etc. I used to get salads here too but since Panera bought Paradise I do not like the changes they have made to the salads. The broccoli cheese soup is still great and I sometimes get that to-go. Lunch time is busy so I usually try and come here after the rush. It is nice to sit outside on their patio when the weather is good. We used to hold our annual HOA meetings here in the room in the back. It was a perfect venue. They require a $150 food/drink minimum to use the room, which worked out just fine and the homeowners loved the bakery yummies. If you feel like splurging a little bit and your sweet tooth is acting up, this is a good place to go.
2	Half of my grilled cheese was not even grilled ... warm bread on one side. how hard is it to mess up grill cheese?!?!
2	I was so not impressed with this visit.  I've been to this location before (prior to becoming a yelper) and it was a good visit.  Tonights visit was so mediocore that I won't be a hurry to go back.First we went during the last hour of business.  The staff was friendly, there were no long lines but pretty much everything else sucked.  My coffee was lukewarm, at best.  My cream cheese brownie was o.k.  My wifes tea tasted like "strong cough medicine" (her words, not mine) and the icing on her brownie tasted like the can it came out of.  We also got cookies but have not been brave enough to try them.  I doubt they could be anyworse that what we already had.I understand the desire to go home at the end of a busy day, but really, if you are open you need to be on your A-game, no slacking because it's "close" to closing time.I finally ate the cookie and I was amazed at how good it was, even 12+ hours later.  Maybe they need to stick to things they know how do and and leave the rest alone?
3	It never ceases to frustrate me that restaurants which offer potentially vegetarian and vegan menu choices insist on defeating that option by creating the food with animal derived / based ingredients... for instance, Panera, er, Paradise Bakery offers up six soups on a daily basis- typically at least one of them is labeled vegetarian safe, however, selections such as Fire Roasted Tomato, French Onion and Baked Potato, one imagines being able to order those soups- which would otherwise be vegetarian- yet are not- because they're made with chicken or beef stock. Yes, soup base holds together better when they're made with chicken or beef stock (and arguably tastes better), but any reasonably good chef can make a soup base with vegetable stock and still provide the same results... not to mention opening up more menu items to a larger consumer group (more revenue anyone?) Grrr... Are you listening, Panera... er, Paradise Bakery?
1	Don't let the full parking lot and long lines fool you.One or two slices of meat and cheese do not make a proper sandwich.  Add that to the dry bread, little or no mayo/mustard and what you get is no better than a factory-made sandwich from 7-11.  Shame, it's so close to my new residence.  I guess I'll be adding another 5 minutes to my drive from now on to get a good deli sandwich from Jason's.
2	Hey the food was good and prepared correctly but the restaurant was disorganized and dirty! At 2:30pm on a Thursday  and I had trouble finding a clean table.  I counted 11 dirty tables around me and it wasn't until I left that someone started cleaning them.  It wasn't that they didn't have enough staff.  Well, they had enough managers anyways.  They just stood talking and looking at a disaster of a dining room.  The drink station wasn't kept up either.  I know Paradise Bakery is better than this!
3	Need to watch out for un-asked for upgrades. Read the menu carefully. Be sure to check the bill.
1	Overrated. Overpriced. Underwhelming. The cashiers are nice and friendly, but that's as good as this place gets. Their sandwiches are pathetic. They are also not worth what you pay for. I recommend going to a better place for your food.I'm going to use my "never again" card for this one.
5	Love Paradise Bakery! This location is great. Always fresh and delicious food. Tasty cookies and muffins as well.My only advice to management is please get regular cream soda instead of diet. Or at least have both.
3	This place used to be a 5, I used to tell everyone if they go to Phoenix you have to go to paradise bakery. The portions are generous, the food is good, and the cookies are great. Not anymore.Someone must have bought this company out because it has corporate greed all over it now. Ordered a half salad. The bowl was half full and it ha a quarter of an avocado. Tr soup was barely 3/4 full and the bread it came with was borderline stale. They also charge for "premium" stuff, and literally everything on the menu is "premium".  It is maybe average Panera quality now there. Really disappointing. I used to really like this place.
1	What happen paradise bakery was such a great place Meat on the sandwiches  1/3 lessBread is day oldCookies have a different tasteEverything is less quality and less valueA favorite of mine for 10 plus years Now in search of a new quality lunch spot in Scottsdale Really a shame I don't know what happen?
4	Finally got my best friend to go to the gym with me but her pre-workout meal was a gas station donut so needless to say we needed sustenance pronto once we were done. In the spirit of health we decided some salads from Paradise Bakery would probably be among our best options for lunch.There really wasn't a line when we arrived at noon on a Wednesday, maybe 1-2 people so we were helped right away. My friend decided on the Sesame Chicken and she's quite the picky eater so she had several changes she made to the salad but the person helping didn't give her a hard time about it. I ordered for myself the half size Fuji Apple Chicken salad.Once we got to the cashier I noticed they had smoothies that looked pretty good from the descriptions. Since I've been busting my butt lately to lose weight I've been very conscious of calories so I asked if they knew how many were in the smoothies. Rather than just guessing the girl actually went and found the nutrition facts for me so I could see everything. I was so impressed that she went out of her way to do that when most people would have guessed or not even tried to figure it out. Kudos to her, wish I'd caught her name!The salad and smoothie were AMAZING!! If I wasn't in a public place I probably would have licked the bowl clean. The sweet and savory flavor combination in the salad was so different and delicious. The super fruit smoothie was nice and refreshing without being too sweet and you could taste a hint of the yogurt which I personally like.  Overall I was very happy with not only the good but the service at this location.
4	We eat here all the time. It is a great place to meet, hang out, see friends and always have a cookie!
2	Wow this place has crazy prices for a sandwich come on get real I don't understand what justifies paying so much for a soup or a sandwich and the portions are extremely small do yourself a favor and pass unless you have money to blow
4	Good sandwiches, salads, soups and of course the cookies. Great service for quick lunch. Love the chicken salad on dark molasses bread, a real winner.
4	Owned by Panera, this place has all of the things I love! Soups, sandwiches, bagels, treats and decent pricing. Clean, easy to get in and out of, the only issue I found was where do I order? Where do I pay? Do I leave my dishes or do they clean up behind me? Maybe I missed the signs but it seemed they could do a better job of directing traffic so to speak?
4	The Ranchero Omelette is what I always get. The sausage is always fresh and the eggs nicely cooked. I'm not a huge fan of franchise breakfast places. However, when in the run, and in new of a quick-nicely and freshly done breakfast, Paradise Bakery does the trick ;)
5	Great food, free Wi-Fi, and friendly folks - can't beat it! Give the Mediterranean Egg White sandwich a try in the morning, great wake-up dish!
3	Paradise Bakery is a good place to grab some lunch. It's not my favorite place but it surely gets the job done. Their new flatbreads are pretty tasty, I tried the BBQ chicken flatbread today and enjoyed it. The one thing I do absolutely love from Paradise Bakery is their cookies. All of them are soft and delicious!
4	Strawberry, poppy seed, and chicken salad entree was very good.  The employees were very nice as well. I would recommend this Paradise Bakery to anyone looking for a quiet place for a nutritious meal.
2	Never eating here again. First, there was plastic left in my salad. The manager gave us a credit for a free salad on our next visit. Then, today I get chicken and rice soup with a spoonful of slimy texture about a half of the way through which made me wonder if someone had spit in the food. And toward the end of the bowl, I found a fly in my soup that blended with the rice. I only noticed it because of the wings... disgusting. After taking the bowl back to the front, the manager was sent out and he asked whether there was something he could help me with. I sent back my salad because my appetite is now gone. Apparently he had not even been told what happened. Once we told him what happened and asked for a refund, he gladly took care of it. So, points for customer service. None for the food.
1	Will not be going back. After nobody on staff knew about the pastas, I decided to take a chance. Bad idea.  A long while after I ordered, they brought me my pasta Togo, I inspected and saw the chicken was red and undercooked. I told the manager and he said that's how their chicken looks. So I guess their chicken is served raw. Plus side, they did refund my money.
3	Always good tasting food here, but the ordering is something to be improved upon. Ordering at this Paradise is very disjointed and because of this the employees can seem a bit rude. I recommend to the management to have one spot to order rather than 4 different areas to order without great signage.
3	The cinnamon roll is delicious. My family ate here while on vacation. It had good breakfast options, reasonable sized portions and reasonable prices compared to most breakfast places. Don't expect to get the oversized portions that you receive at most breakfast places.
5	This place is awesome. Wouldn't recommend the unsweetened tea though, it's a bit bitter.
