4	Located right off Princes street.  It has tables, but you can also take out if you wish.  Prices are pretty decent, you can get dinner for under 10.  At first I thought it was a little pricey but then when the food came the proportions were rather large.  Friendly service, cheap, good chinese food.  Great chow mein.  They serve beer and wines as well.PS They do have a few Pho options, which redeems a mostly Chinese place being called Saigon Saigon...
4	Saigon Siagon, so good they named it twice.This place know how to make chinese food, you actually come away feeling that they put some effort into the food instead of the usual China Buffets that we're used too.It doesn't tase greasy, it's not overcooked and you can actually taste flavour, whats the catch?The waitress kept approaching me while I was eating offering to refill my drinks, I don't know if she was being overcurtious but I felt really rushed to finish what was a great Veg Chow mein. I'm gonna give her the benifit of the doubt though.
1	First of all,  I am Chinese and therefore am naturally more demanding regarding the quality of Chinese food.Saigon Saigon is just poor quality Chinese food.  The food from the buffet is poor quality.  I cannot speak to the food from the menu.Chinese food generally are the cheaper options in restaurants, so at 8 quids for buffet or about 6-8 quids a dish, the food isn't cheap by Chinese restaurant standards.This is far worse than most Chinese take out fast food restaurants and definitely much worse than Panda Express (if you are from the States).
4	For some reason, Saigon Saigon never appealed to me. Maybe the location, not sure. However, when my family were all trouping there for Sunday afternoon dim sum, I decided to tag along. After all, this was a local for some of my relatives, so it must be good right? The place filled up fast after we arrived, but luckily we got our order in relatively quickly. I completely overordered, my eyes bulging at the offerings on display in the menu. Prawn cheung fun, chives and prawn dumplings, custard buns, bbq pork buns (although no one would believe how rock and roll these taste - one of the regrets about going veggie...) ho fun, noodles, chinese greens, spinach and garlic, the list goes on...What I like, i really like about Saigon Saigon is that all the food arrived as cooked. And when I mean as cooked, I mean, steaming and as fresh as you could imagine. Nothing tasted like a microwave had been near any of the food, which is much more than can be said for other places in the city centre. I scalded myself multiple times rushing to tuck in to the varous plates we had ordered. My only quibble would be that there was no soy sauce or hot sauce for dipping/flavouring dumplings but I was really impressed overall with Saigon Saigon. Dim sum after 4pm? I think I must.
4	After landing from an 8 flight and driving directly from LHR to Edinburgh, suffering motion sickness after not being able to stand still for long before getting in the car for our drive, and being exhausted, we arrived in Edinburgh starving.We searched the streets close to 9-ish looking for somewhere to eat after we spent some time relaxing in the Apex. Finally, something was open. In bright letters, "Saigon, Saigon". We looked at eachother - to hell with it. It was a tiring day and we just wanted to eat something.I am not going to say that Saigon Saigon is the most traditional or authentic place out there, but it hit the spot. The waitress took our orders and could tell we needed a drink (was it that obvious?) and handed us our menus. We ordered rice, a noodle dishes, and two vegetable dishes with spring rolls. I have no idea why two people thought ordering this much food was a good idea, but we ate like pigs. Starving, mad, ravished pigs. The restaurant was clean, quiet, and spacious. Asian and non-Asian diners alike dined here on the two visits we made to Saigon Saigon. Beside our table a woman and her Scottish fiance were spending an evening with her Chinese family and everybody from her elderly relatives to her hubby to be seemed satisfied with their food. The food was good, we feasted shamelessly. Was it the best I've ever had? I don't know. But after that long of a day, after being jet-lagged beyond beliefs, and almost losing my in-flight meal in the Scottish countryside, Saigon Saigon was as close to heaven as it was going to be. And we were happy to go. If we're back in Edinburgh soon, we will be back.
4	We were eating too much rich food during our Scotland stay and just wanted some simple food! We had the won ton min and some dim sum and it totally hit the spot. The restaurant interior was very nice, clean and organized. It was a pretty big place too!  The restaurant was conveniently located off Princes Street and we were also seated immediately. The service was good and speedy. There were a rich mix of diverse cultures as patrons, including a lot of Asians. The price was fair for the food, service and atmosphere. We would go there again!
3	OK I must admit that I was a little apprehensive trying this place after reading fellow Yelper's reviews and also it having a Vietnamese (wtf) name... not to mention an all you can eat lunch buffet (read: DANGER WILL ROBERTSON! :P) but I had a craving for yum cha (dim sum) so thought for the sake of the Yelp community I'd try it out and report my findings.So, had the Dim Sum/Yum Cha - note that this is a not a trolley-based service, rather you order from the picture-book and it comes out after about 20 minutes. Was able to order dishes at different times and they all came out roughly after the same time.Food quality was quite good, surprisingly good - the pork buns (cha siu bau) and prawn rice noodles (cheung fun) were really good, the pork ribs (pai gwat), sticky rice and crabmeat dumplings (siu mai) were all adequate.. I've had better in Hong Kong and perhaps Sydney however they weren't horrible. Turnip cake (lo buck gow) was also very nice. Custard tarts were very nice also for sweets.My dining partner had never been to Yum Cha/Dim Sum before - she was impressed - and I must say it was a good introduction to Yum Cha quality-wise.Service was the typical "fucks not given" (phrase borrowed from a Melbourne yelper) Chinese restaurant style that we've globally all come to love however with a little persistence I was able to get all the food, tea refills and bill that I wanted :)PS: I did note there was a Chinese-language-only larger Dim Sum menu available than the picture-book-for-starters however I can't read Chinese and only saw this after getting the bill so can't comment on the dishes without pictures (tm).
4	Ordered the kung pao pork and a couple dim sum dumplings. Freaking loved the kung pao, some of the best I've had in a long time. To be fair, we were eating lunch at 4pm, so I was crazed with hunger. But I feel that even if we had been eating lunch at a normal time the meal still would have been great. The service was really fast, the food was tasty and plentiful - can't really ask for more. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting Edinburgh.
5	We stayed at Jurys Inn and were referred here by the desk clerk for Chinese food.  We were lucky to get a table because the place was almost full, mostly with Asians - good sign I thought!  My sesame prawn rolls came first.  OMG, they were to die for good.  Crisp wrappers with sesame seeds on one side and filled with perfectly cooked prawns and nothing else and so meaty!  They were good size but I still didn't want to share so I ate faster than Dale so I could get my fill.  Then came the szechuan beef - too hot for me but he loved it and the couple next to us were enjoying theirs as well.  In fact we made friends with them and they told us that we were eating at the very best Chinese place in Edinburgh.  We also had sweet & sour pork - outstanding although I was disappointed that there was no onion in the dish.  We also had the mushroom egg foo young.  It's not served like we're used to in America.   Instead it's sort of chopped up and there is no bean sprouts.  It was still wonderful and all of the food tasted so fresh.We shared a banana fritter with a scoop of ice cream.  If I ever visit Scotland again, this will be my first stop for dinner and I will order plenty of the sesame prawn rolls!
3	The price is good, love the sweet banana~(I'm not sure about the name of the dish)
5	Exceptionally authentic cuisine! We got 3 different dim sum (scallop, prawn and mixed meat) mixed meat was the best of the three IMHO. very fast and courteous, though we were getting some weird looks being the  only non Asians there. Plus, we look (are) a bit burley, but whateva - the service was exceptionally fast and tentative. If you want REAL Chinese cuisine, you gotta hit this place. They also have more western type cuisine available for the less adventurous. So very pleased and full - portions are huge
4	We ordered 9 items including 3 dimsum, 1 kyoja and 2 vegetable foods. Taste is generally good and serve is fast. But according to your choice, you may be disapointed. Photo of food is in the menu.
4	I was here 2 years ago visiting Edinburgh with my high school friend who studies in England. It was right around Christmas time and trust me on this, you will find NO restaurants! And I mean ABSOLUTELY NO restaurants that are open except for Chinese and Indian restaurants. So this place became our life savor. I'm probably a little biased about the food but when it's 0 Celsius outside and everywhere is dead, you'll appreciate anything they bring you. The food here was very authentic and delicious. I think we ordered braised pork and dim sum, and they were freaking delicious! If you're a Chinese food lover like me and find yourself in Edinburgh around Christmas or New Years, this is THE place to go!
3	Hidden across the street from the Princes st mall going towards Newtown is this sturdy decent sized chinese restaurant. I have been in a few times now once for the buffet and once just casual dining with some friends. The place is fairly large with a downstairs seating area for the larger parties.  The buffet is quite tasty and always has a good selection of dishes. I cant remember the price but its not that bad. What I really like is the main menu. Its huge! Theres like everything you could think of on there! And the Dim Sum is also really really good as well I think up there in my top 10 places for Dim Sum. But what I found was the portions of food you got where massive as well. I couldn't even finish my plate and almost burst eating my fortune cookie which is mandatory regardless if I pop like an angry bird. The servers were also friendly and made sure you were properly taken care of. Overall one of the better chinese restaurants in the city, not the best food in the world but definitely one of the best in Edinburgh.
3	We actually ate here twice during our visit to Edinburgh. Not totally sure why. Convenience I suppose. The first time we had some dim sum which was good but not San Francisco Chinatown good. But hey this is Scotland so OK. We stopped again to hit their buffet which was about to shut off. They probably should have given us a discount being much of it was gone and old but it still tasted OK. The place seemed full of Asian people each time we were there with these large soup bowls full of noodles so I guess it's a pretty decent place.
4	I mean it's my second time to had lunch in Saigon, we had dim sum this time, kinda like the din sum, I think it's better then the normal lunch. service is fine.
3	The Chinese restaurant so good, it was named twice...after a city in Vietnam which hasn't been called that in nearly forty years.  Yeah, not making loads of sense in my book.  Saigon Saigon is a buffet / dim sum establishment hoping that you will ignore the latter part of their menu (apparently).  I approached the restaurant located only a few meters from Princes Street on the basis that they offered dim sum, but when I mentioned I was ordering from it, I got a look indicating that I had stumbled over my line in the script.  I guess it's the obligation that I order the buffet and keep my mouth shut.  Far be it for me to accept the role given.  Saigon Saigon is packed nearly butt-to-elbow with tables with my chair sitting half on wood and half on the carpet leading to the door.  Like many restaurants in the UK, the bathrooms are rationed to a different floor.  Eventually, I browsed through the dim sum menu, one of the most expansive offerings I've ever seen, page after page, scallop dumplings, steam chicken claw with black bean sauce, golden tripe with satay sauce, beancurd rolls, pine nuts veg--what?  Yes, steam chicken claw, I didn't order that.  I did order three dishes, including mixed meat dumplings and something called pork egg congee.  When I asked what that was, the answer I got was oddly evasive."It's popular with Asian customers."  Is that "cityspeak" for "it's not mean for you?"  I call that a challenge.  I should have taken her advice.  It wasn't bad, just somewhat lacking in...umm... flavor.  The crispy egg and pork which topped it tasted good enough but the--I don't know--gruel tasted like unsalted, unsweetened rice pudding.  I know critics of this review will claim that congee IS unseasoned rice pudding.  I'll give you that.  In praise, the other two dishes were good and the prices reasonable, with each plate costing between three and four quid, putting it around $18 Canadian for the whole meal.  In full disclosure, I was not aware of Saigon Saigon's past when I enjoyed my meal.  Apparently, they went through a major sanitary controversy a couple of years ago, including fines and a temporary closure on health violations.  It's shocking such a thing could happen to a restaurant in such a prime location.  Enough time had passed that I can still judge Saigon Saigon on its own merits, and what I can take out of it was that it wasn't bad, but in the future, it would be better if I ordered the dim sum with a few friends.  And how about that buffet?  In a few words, it looked disgusting, meaning crappy western Chinese food is not exclusive to North American.  It makes me worried that there might not be a good Chinese restaurant in Edinburgh if one in such a prime location is unwilling to deliver quality food.  However, what I ordered was dim sum, and dim sum I enjoyed.  If you are wandering around Princes Street, Saigon Saigon is not the best place to enjoy a meal but considering so many of the other restaurants are fast food franchises, there are plenty worse.  Food:  3/5Service:  2/5Presentation:  2.5/5Value:  3/5Recommendation:  2.6/5
4	Good variety and near authentic taste. Food quality here is much better than some Michelin starred restaurants in London.
1	That 8.99 lunch buffet look tempting? DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT! Now it may be b/c I'm American, and I've been spoiled with really great Chinese buffets, but this is by far THE WORST one I've ever been to! Pretty much none food tastes fresh, it was either dry, tough, or bland, and no amount of sweet and sour sauce is going to cover that up. Don't know if any of their regular menu items fast are this dreadful, but you can bet I'm not coming back to find out...
4	Black bean beef, dim sum served all day, won ton soup....so many more dishes that are all tasty. This hit the spot after a week of bar food. Dishes are better than most Chinese restaurants at home in Los Angeles. Service is quick and attentive.  Prices are average.
4	We have been backpacking around the UK and Europe and have been craving some good Asian food! This was the first good Asian food we had! The food is surprisingly authentic and tasty. They have a wide range of delicious dishes on the menu so be prepared to run into some first world problems with deciding! The food can be a little too spicy for some people, so be sure to let them know if you can't take spice! The restaurant is in the heart of Edinburgh, and is very large with a nice up beat vibe.The waiters and waitresses are all really attentive and friendly. Great place for dinner, and they also serve dim sum all day!
4	First time here last night and would recommend and be back. The place was full but we got seated without any issues and no booking. Food was delicious and wasn't too big a portion where you can't move afterwards but just enough to fill you up enough to enable more shopping. The only criticisms I have hence the 4 starts is the tile it takes to get served and actually get your order in to start with. Also the dim sum was a bit too sloppy because they all stuck to the paper and fell apart instantly, but tasted good. A bit pricey for a bottle of wine but it is on the tourist mile.
