4	I am one country closer to finishing the culinary tour on South America that I am apparently on.  I have to say, Peru is going to be a hard country to beat.  This place serves up some of the best Latin food combos out there.  Their carne asada was nice and tender with a lot of flavor,and the fried plantains were excellent.  The only bad part was the lady who took my order didn't speak english very well and there was some confusion with my order.  But it got straightened out, and everything was right with the universe once again.
5	I can't remember the last time I was excited about returning to a restaurant.  I am excited about returning to Genaro's!  On my first visit, we must have tasted virtually everything they serve.  It was all GREAT!!  What was even better were the prices.  Do yourself a favor.....get there soon!!
4	I went again this past weekend.  There is a new menu, complete with new pricing.  The food is still great.  The portions are still very large.  The cost did go up quite a bit.  I will continue to go and enjoy Genaro's.  I just wonder if they did not shoot themself in the foot with such a substantial price increase in what is still just a strip center restaurant.
5	Awesome ethnic Peruvian food with good service!  I have been over the past two years and I fall in love again every time.  The dinner special with drink is less than $10 and I promise you'll go home stuffed.Peruvian food is NOT Mexican food in case you're wondering.  Their specialty is char grilled meats-they do a mean grilled chicken breast and skirt steak.  All the grilled meats are served with homemade chimichurri sauce (oregano, cilantro, garlic, and spice).  I normally get the canary beans-light yellow beans that have the right amount of spice or black beans and white rice.  Their rice is plain, but you can add aji sauce, (homemade hot sauce) that they put on the tables.The cook (Genaro) is a friendly guy who will joke with you in Spanish and waitresses are something to look at.  I always feel welcome in this restaurant and I know that other gringos will feel their hospitality.  If you want to do something different, get an Inka Cola.  Its a bright yellow soda that has a unique taste.  Buen provecho!
5	Little dishes of deep fried corn to start with...This was yummy...like inside-out popcorn!We got the meat sampler...The blood sausage was my favorite thing on the plate...and one of the most delicious things I have tasted in a long time! The chicken was the most moist and tender chicken I have had. The white meat was even tender.The only drawback was the carne asada...the steak. It was a very poor cut of meat...was chewy, fatty and gristly...I wouldn't recommend ordering it.All in all, the food was excellent, and it was not expensive...we will definitely return for more!
5	Great food at a great price!  Don't expect anything fancy on the inside, but the eating area is clean and simple.  Of course the chicken is amazing, but so are the sides.  One of the best items on the menu is their cilantro soup.  This place is worth checking out!
4	Before Genaro's, I had never been to a Peruvian restaurant.  I admit, I have a fear of the unknown, but I was married to this place after my party of two was seated and served a small bowl of what I thought were dry-roasted peanuts.  They were *INCREDIBLE*.  It was like an explosion of flavors in my mouth.  I later learned that they were in fact deep fried (large) kernels of corn.  We could not get enough of them!  I have attached a picture of the corn to this review.I ordered their rotisserie chicken sandwich with avocado, shredded lettuce, tomato and onion; my meal came with a side of french fries.  The rotisserie chicken sandwich was, besides enormous, incredible to say the least.  The chicken was flavorful (I assume it was baked with Peruvian spices) and juicy.  The french fries were decent (with some added pepper, of course ;) ).  My meal alone could have fed both of us.  I normally never have a problem eating all of the food I'm served, but I just could not finish half of my french fries and my last few bites of sandwich.Our waitress was very nice, but attentive only after I had completely finished my drink.  It was not terribly busy on the Saturday night we went here.  $7 for my meal with a glass of water.I'm excited to try some of their other menu items!
4	Genaro's puts a good twist into the ethnic restaurants in the Charlotte area. Best way I can describe Peruvian food is to combine Mexican, Cuban and Portuguese foods together and you get Peruvian food. I have brought so many people to this restaurant including my employees which some of them are as Southern as they come. At first everyone is a little timid as soon as they hear where we are going but after I always get asked when we are going back. In fact I have a few companies that market me for business and I always get calls back to go there from the marketers. Its a win, win....Couple things you can always depend on Genaro's is quality foods with big bold Peruvian flavors. There chicken is made in their rotisserie, the sausages are homemade and their pork and steak always are topped with their fresh herbs. It is basically a Peruvian chimichurri. The prices are super cheap for the quality you get. Most meals are under $12. They have daily lunch specials that feed you like a king for about $6... how can you beat that? I strongly recommend going with someone and ordering themeal for two. I wont say what they call it because I will surely butcher the name. The meal for two basically comes with two sides of your choice. Their two sausages (blood sausage, and Chorizo) grilled pork, grilled ribeye and a piece of their rotisserie chicken. Trust me you will love this place and never leave with an empty stomach.
1	We were loyal customers. Used to eat there about twice a month. But then we starter noticing people coming in to eat, but being turned away after 8 or so...they close at 9. Then, one night we were turned away at 8:15! I spoke to the owner, who seems to think it was my fault! I should have just sat down...I deplore rude customer service. We will not patronize such a restaurant. I predict they will be closed within 6 months.Do yourself a favor...find a friendly restaurant...there are plenty in the area...that have great food also.
4	A return to Charlotte means catching up over lunch with a few friends.  Genaro's was just the place to do it in!I had the Grilled Pork on this visit, with spicy beans and plantains on the side.  YUM!  My two friends were new to the fare, and decided to play it safe with the Chicken Sandwich.  That was some sandwich!  Genaro's made two new friends this day!Whether it's this location, or the one on Park Road in Charlotte, you just can't go wrong here.  By the way, arm yourself with a certificate from restaurant.com and enjoy it that much more!
5	This is the best peruvian food I've had sorry miami
4	We stumbled upon this place while out and about. We love locally owned places and Genaro's fit the bill perfectly. The food was excellent (even my 5 year old loved it) and the service was great.We'll be back!
4	If asked, I'm not sure I could tell you much about Peruvian cuisine. Which is sad, since I am acquainted with a few people from Peru. So I was eager to try Genaro's, a Peruvian rotisserie in unsuspecting Indian Trail.After a recent visit to Genaro's, here is my crash course in Peruvian food:- Amazingly roasted meats. And at Genaro's, they make an amazing roast chicken (I've heard the pork is pretty awesome, too.  Next visit.)- Lots of corn. Instead of the traditional bread-of-sorts-in-a-basket while you wait, Genaro's brings out a bowl of what appear to be over-sized, unpopped corn kernels. These tasty little morsels have a great crunch on the outside and a creamy starchy goodness on the inside. We also ordered the Inca corn appetizer - an on-the-cob corn with huge, tender kernels that melt in the mouth with a side of their signature spicy dip on the side.- A fascination with French fries. My dish, a chicken santado (I think that's the right spelling?), was grilled chicken bites, roasted tomatoes, onions, mushrooms, and French fries in a gravy-type sauce. Aside from being pretty darn good, it is reminiscent of Canadian poutine.- Pretty good beer. I sampled my friend's Peruvian import from their beer menu: a mellow, slightly malty amber that goes down pretty easy.All in all, I'd say Genaro's is well worth the headache of Hwy 74 traffic.
4	My wife and I got the sampler to try several different things. The little bowl of corn kernel whatevers are interesting. They are a little dry, but we enjoyed them. There is a spanish sausage that is fantastic and the other reviews are correct, the chicken is out of this world. We got the fried yuquitas which tastes a bit like potato. Also very good. The spicy beans aren't spicy hot, but they weren't bad. The passion fruit drink is very good (no free refills on this one) but the drink with the cinnamon and clover was not to my liking. It tasted like powdered cinnamon.It's a smal little place withut much concern given to decoration, but the food combined with the price makes this a must visit spot. They are also very friendly. We will absolutely be going back soon.
5	I would call this my favorite restaurant, bar noneIncredible foodLarge portionsReasonable pricesTry the pork sandwich and chicken aguadito soup.  6.95They could use a larger venue and more staff, but I won't complain
4	Great food excellent price and you will leave with a doggy bag. Best Peruvian food in Charlotte.
4	WOW, my first real experience with Peruvian food. I said to my wife during our meal, "where the hell has Peruvian food been all our lives?". We went in not knowing what to expect. This little place is located in a strip of stores in front of the Wal Mart in Indian Trail. Not sure how long it's been here, but I had no idea it was even here. We ordered the whole rotisserie chicken & two sides, the cilantro rice & the spicy beans. Let me tell you, there is a bunch of flavor in these dishes. I loved the spicy beans, not a lot of "heat" but really good spice. The chicken was fantastic. The topper was the sides of sauce that came with the meal. I don't know what the yellow sauce was but I think I'm now addicted to it. The cilantro rice was good but not my favorite although my wife loved it. I did try a Peruvian beer too. I'm going to have to have another of those. Then came dessert (we'd already asked for a to go box for the chicken & sides). My wife loved the tres leche. I tried the Mil Hojas, a traditional Peruvian dessert. Out of this world!! My wife and I were already talking about who we should bring with us on our next visit.
5	Me and my brother would say this is one of our favorite restaurant, incredible food, big portions, and reasonable prices.  Chicken soup is the best!
2	Since I had such a surprising experience at the Pineville location the week before and hadn't eaten at this location in a year or two, we thought we would give it another try.I didn't care for those corn-nut-thingies. They needed to either be honey-roasted or salted. The rotisserie chicken was very dry. The outside skin was good but not as tasty as their sister location's. Still, the accompanying sauces helped boost the missing flavor, but didn't help with the lack of juiciness goodness. Spicy beans were a huge improvement over the other joint's black beans, but I didn't care for the cilantro rice. I really wish they would work on both rices. Plantains were a bit on the too-mushy side. Tres Leches (a first for us) for dessert was a bit overpowering on the sweet side, so I'm glad we split it.Service was just okay, nothing to write home about. This location is probably 1/3 smaller than the other location and the parking lot is terrible. This place has to compete with a Firehouse Subs, a so-so Chinese buffet, Panera Bread, and several other stores for parking. Highway 74 is a b!tch to exit on to.If the mood strikes me about Genaro's again, I will definitely make the drive out to their Pineville location over this one.Your pal,Walter
4	Great food. Unique dishes and flavor. Chicken soup is awesome...best ever had!
2	My daughter had the chicken fried rice and the grease tasted old and dirty.  I had the steak saltaldo which was just okay. I've definitely had far better. The bread was ordered as a side, it didnt come free and I had a taste for it.  Don't order it, it was definitely not worth it.  I never had to force my daughter to finishing eating her bread in my life. Not likely that I would go again unless I had a hankering for the quarter chicken which I heard was good.
3	Swung in here for lunch with the future missues, and wasn't disappointed, but wasn't blown away either. The chicken that she was was a little dry, and mine wasn't anything to crow...about...I also added a chorizo, but it wasn't epic either.  I'm going to come back here though and try it again because the reviews lead me to believe I might have caught it on an off day. It was the first Monday after Thanksgiving so I think they were just getting back to it. I may revise accordingly.  On a side note, but a good sign, they do have Inka Cola here which is the true cola!
4	One of the best deals around.  We get a whole chicken and take half home.  Chicken has tasty, crispy skin, moist inside.  Black beans are a little too soupy, are best put over rice.  Fried plantains are delicious, salad crisp and fresh.  Their home made dressings are excellent.  Service is friendly and fast.   TV has all soccer, all the time.  Very interesting.  One of our favorite "I'm too tired to cook, let's go out" places.
2	Food was ok. But on some real levels, do they not have air conditioning? I've been multiple times and every time I go I feel like I'm going to pass out from the heat. Do NOT go in the summer. And what's up with the nuts? They are terrible. Yet, for whatever reason, you CAN'T stop eating them. It's like the popcorn kernels at the bottom of the bowl, they taste awful and break your teeth but you eat them anyways because you are stubborn and don't want to get up to make another bag. To end on a good note...their fried plantains are awesome, and I could probably go swimming in their chimichurri sauce. Which you may need to do anyways to save yourself from heat exhaustion.
4	This is a small quaint restaurant located in Indian Trail, NC near the Walmart, the service was good and the food exceeded our expectation.  We would go back this one is a keeper.
5	Loved the chorizo, smokey sweet so flavorful. I had the soup as a side. Amazing flavor as well. I am guessing split pea (it was green) with a few bits of chicken, veggies and rice as well as potato chunks. Thick and hearty this is a winner in my book of soups! And I had it as a side. Comfort food Peruvian style. The steak had a wonderful woody grilled flavor. Tender light on the chimmichurri but it was fine didn't hide the flavor of the steak. I am sad they are out of yucca I wanted to taste it. I went back a week later and had the Yucca, it was so good! Also had a roasted half chicken, tender and juicy with a great flavor. This restaurant is amazing and I'd recommend it to anyone wanting something a little different - not mexican style at all. Enjoy!
4	If you're a fan of MEAT, look no further.  Been here twice and for the life of me cant remember the name of the plate we ordered but it is the one that includes about 5 or 6 different types of meats, I'm talking sausage, morcilla (blood sausage), steak, rotisserie chicken, you name it.  All with great flavors.  Comes with two sides.  We ordered yuca frita and rice.  The plate costs $26 if I remember correctly and seriously is enough for 3 maybe 4 people.  Great staff and fairly quick with your order.  The place is a bit small and fills up quickly.
5	Went twice in two days. I am Impressed.The good:Great seafoodFood is spicy and tasty.Peruvian beer (if you like it)Good flanPopular with PeruanosSoccer on TVVery friendly servicePlenty of parkingChicha moradaBest if you can say few things in Spanish.The bad:There are few other food places around it
3	If you are in the mood for something different then this is a good option - with caveats. . Lots of flavor in their meals. We had the dinner-for-two menu item: sausages, steak, pork, rotisserie chicken, cilantro rice and fried plantains. Tasty. Reasonable prices. Terrible service...would have had two more drinks but waitresses ignored us. Interior is crummy. Live musician was a nice idea --but one guy with a microphone and electronic drum machine droning on for 1 solid hour. Ugh!  Get a guitar!
4	Great for Lunch ! Rotisserie chicken sandwich is awesome ! So is the yuca I think its better than french fries !!
2	I went in here and was slightly disappointed.  I was so looking forward to eating Peruvian food too!So as soon as my husband and I walk in, I noticed the hostess just looked at us.  She didn't really greet us at all.  My husband and I just stood awkwardly for a minute and I just tried to look interested in the desserts on display.  That did give me time to give googly eyes to the tres leches in the "I will have my way with you" look.  So at least the awkward waiting wasn't for nothing.  I did have to look at the hostess and finally ask if it was alright to sit in the booth that was close to us, to which she did promptly bring us menus.  To me, at least give me a smile when I walk into your restaurant and acknowledge me.  That'd be nice.The place was decorated nicely, though it was a little cold in there, but I was also sitting in the booth closest to the doors.  The environment isn't something fancy, but it is an alright place for a chill meal.The food was a little disappointing compared to the location in Pineville.  I had ordered the chicken salad avocado and it was really salty.  I was trying to make sure I always had a bit of avocado with the chicken since it was very very salty.  I had also ordered the meat platter that provided a big variety.  It was a big portion, so that was very good.  I think that it could even be shared between four people and you'd still be full.  There wasn't very anything exciting to me about that meat platter.The service was alright.  The hostess kind of started the night off badly for me in my opinion.  I noticed that nobody ever came to check on us.  I know the restaurant is small, but people can still stop by our table just to see how everything is.  We had to eye a waitress down and request a box after we stopped touching our food after 5-7 minutes.  I think the only good thing about this place was the tres leches.  I definitely was not disappointed with that.  If I ever find myself at this location again, I think the only thing that I would expect to be super delicious is the tres leches.  *sigh*
1	The rating is for the service.  Never got the chance to try the food.  After entering and waiting over 10 minutes standing and sitting down without a greeting and no drinks, our group walked out the door.  Horrible customer service.  They need to get a new cashier or waitress lady.  How do you have customers greet you first without a mere reply or decent facial expression?  Good thing we bolted.  Don't waste your time or money here.
1	I had the rotisserie chicken. I was not impressed. BOSTON MARKET is a lot better. The service was horrible. I wanted 10 minutes to have my order taken and it was only 2 other people in the restaurant. My first and last trip!
4	My husband and I love this place! We kind of just stumbled in here while out one day and decided to give it a try. Sure the service is a little slow, but the food is awesome. Better yet - the price is great! We come about once or twice a week now for the rotisserie chicken. The cilantro rice, fried yuca, and spicy beans are my go to sides. Also, don't forget to buy a Restaurant.com gift certificate deal!
4	Overall it's a good place to eat, but when it's really hot outside make sure you get take out because, as someone else said, there's no air conditioning.  The food I've tried & liked: quarter chicken, chicken sandwich, pork sandwich, pork skewers, their potato salad appetizer/side & salads.  All good.I don't care for the steak because it's a fatty type of cut.As for the service - they are usually all pleasant; sometimes there's a language problem, but overall they speak English.
1	El servicio es horrible.
4	The restaurant was a little hard to find. The white sign above the restaurant against a light background didn't help. But I am glad I was able to o find it. I was there for lunch. The place was half full with one helpful waitress handling all tables. I was seated right away. I ordered their rotisserie chicken which comes in different portion sizes and two sides. I didn't have to wait too long to be served. Their menus are a bit old and beaten ... It's time to get new menus. Their food was fine but I have had better Peruvian chicken and sauce in DC metro or in Manhattan. Overall, good service, good food and very reasonable prices.
5	My husband and I eat here frequently. The chicken sandwich is to die for. Always fresh and always wonderful. Reasonably priced as well! The fried plantains are amazing too! Always friendly service and very tasty food! So glad this place is in our small town! So good to go to a locally owned place that actually has wonderful food!
5	One of my favorite places to eat!  Since moving here from south Florida 4 years ago I was so happy to find this little gem.  I have tried many dishes on the menu but I always come back to the rotisserie chicken dinner.  I  highly recommend it for a great food experience!
5	Great little place, it does not look like much from the outside but it's a great place with great food. Large variety of food. I had the genaros chifero and it was great
4	Delicious rotisserie chicken and the cilantro rice is really yummy too. Everything I've had has been delicious!
4	Really good chicken here in a small restaurant near the Wal-Mart. A great lunch, though the black beans and cilantro rice put me into a sleepy later in the afternoon.Dressings on the side, whatever they were, were very tasty. A quick dip of the rotisserie chicken was yum!Good service, they kept the water glasses topped off and cleared our dirty plates so we could sit and chat for a bit.
