5	As with most "quick" salons, I think it depends on who gives you your service. My experience with Kay was perfect. She did a great pedicure, and was very meticulous doing my gel color which I am crazy finicky about.  Even though the salon was crazy busy, I didn't feel rushed at all. Nice and relaxing!  Thank you!
4	I come here to get threading done, which is what this review is on as well. The reason for the 4 stars and not 5 is because, despite the fact I'll still continue to come here for it's close proximity from my house, and I'm happy with the service for the most part- there are still a couple minor negative aspects.There's three women there who do the threading, and I've been tended to by each. I don't know their names, so please excuse the following but it's the only way I can accurately describe them- there's a South Asian woman, a Persian woman and a Spanish (I think) woman. They all clearly know what they're doing but the south Asian woman is hands down the fastest and explains her reasoning for doing or not doing something. Considering there's a level of pain involved with threading, ranging from how much hair you have, I definitely appreciate the speed. The Spanish woman takes the longest time to do it and I can't even imagine how long a full face would take with her, but she is thorough. She's threaded different corners of my forehead that were previously untouched lol. However, like I said, I appreciate speed when it comes to threading, and would, ideally, only go to her as a last resort. She also doesn't speak English very well, so it's hard to communicate with her. You can really only stick to hand gestures and basic words.The Persian woman is the talkative sort and is usually chatting it up with the other coworkers and sometimes the person she's threading. I don't really mind this, but if you're the sort that would like her sole focus dedicated to the task at hand (which is completely understandable), you might not like going to her. The one thing that I will say is whenever I go to her, I never have red blotches or break out. Unfortunately, my skin gets irritated enough that sometimes I've had legit zits on my forehead after a threading session. But for whatever reason, never with her which I obviously LOVE.Overall I'll definitely continue to come here for threading, and they're always taking walk ins. There's a Asian man and woman who typically greet you and deal with payment, they do the nails there. They're sort of the unsmiling sort, and sometimes even abrupt and kind of rude. This may or may not ruin the entire experience depending on how much you value customer service. However I just take it in stride since I really only have to deal with them for a minute or so.As far as the threading is concerned, maybe I'll just call beforehand to see who's working (after learning their names of course).
4	Had pink and whites done by Henry. He did an awesome job and a very enjoyable person to talk to. Top notch guy with his act together. Thank you very much for an enjoyable experience. I highly recommend!
2	I've had my eyebrows done here numerous times and of course it just depends on who does them. My recent experience was good with the eyebrow lady but not so much with the nails. When we went there, a man who was eating Maui onion Lays potatoes chips greeted us. I told him I wanted a gel mani and he was the one that helped me. The entire time I could just smell the Maui onion on his hands and that was just a big turn off. On top of that the color I chose was misleading on the swatches and turned out very transparent like I barely had anything on but that was my bad for not telling him if he could do another coat. But what I really didn't like was the other nail lady who I'm assuming is the manager. She was just not welcoming in anyway and the whole time I was waiting to get my eyebrows done, she was giving me this like death stare that made me feel uncomfortable yet I continued to just smile at her even though she continued to death stare. Idfk what her problem was. She was the one who took care of my payment and told me to go tip the eyebrow lady. In my mind I was kind of like "fool don't tell me what to do". & I was going to tip on my card. But when I told her I was going to tip on my card she seemed like she got even more pissed off at whatever the fuck and then didn't say a word even when I said have a nice day. Betch no one's gonna wanna come back to your freaking nail salon with that attitude & I was trying to give her a smile. Seriously go somewhere else. Yes, the manis and pedis  and eyebrows are cheaper than most places, but after that experience, I really do not mind paying a little extra for friendlier service.
