5	Came here to get my wife's watch sized and battery replaced. This location is pretty new, the whole center is very nice looking. I was quickly assisted by the owner (I think) and he quoted me the prices for each. I sat for less than 5 minutes and he had it all taken care of. Since my wife was not with me, he let me know I could bring it back in and get another link removed/added if it didn't fit her right.I ultimately had to return a day later as the watch was still too loose. The owners wife (?) informed me that they may not be able to service it that day, since it was only her for the day. I told her I was leaving on a trip and I could pick it up Monday no problem. She said she'd call if they could get it done. Well, that same afternoon I received a phone call letting me know it was all finished. She even remembered I was going on a trip and wished me a good trip, little details like that make you feel valued.They have a smaller assortment of watches from a few brands I recognize, and a few others I don't. I assume you can order almost anything you want and they'd special order it for you. The prices were a little higher than I've paid before for batteries or sizing compared to the Bay Area (more competition there?), but they weren't as nice of looking places. I definitely wouldn't have trusted a watch worth a few hundred dollars to the kiosk in the mall.Also, I received a stamp card buy 5 batteries get one free. All their batteries are dated so you know when it was replaced and has a 1 year warranty.
5	'Top Shelf' is a term I would use to describe Donaldson's. I went in for the first time recently and was treated to patient, personal service in buying my first quality watch, and Dave was a champ to my family members and myself. A great selection for those with horological tendencies. This is the type of place you want to support locally. Highly recommended!
5	Had a very pleasant experience here! I was immediately greeted upon entering the store, and told I would be helped shortly. As I explained the issue with my husband's watch, the owner fervently looked at info on the watch and explained the possible related problems. He was thorough and helpful. He then printed instructions for checking and adjusting the calendar on the watch. Although the instructions seemed easy enough to do myself, he offered to take care of the issue for a small fee. I left with the intention of doing it myself but could not accomplish the task. I returned the same day and he was still friendly and didn't make me feel dumb for not figuring it out. The watch was ready the next day but I was unable to pick it up so I went the day after. The wife was there alone and she was just as friendly and helpful. The watch was functioning perfectly! I was very happy with the service and outcome of my visit.  We'll be back for other watch purposes and maybe even to shop!
5	We had our watch batteries replaced at Donaldson's, very good service and we saved money !  Also had a crystal on my watch replaced recently. The watch looked brand new when I picked it up  We recommend this local business in Gilbert to our family and friends.
5	I have a Seiko watch that needed a battery. After trying to remove the back I realized this job would be better suited performed by a professional. I then took the watch back where I bought it at JC Penny's and the lady there was clueless. She tried in vain to get the back off and then professed I would have to leave it so they could send it somewhere. I declined the offer. Then I had my wife take it to a jewelry/watch repair place in San Tan Village. The person there claimed that we would have to send it to Seiko direct to deal with the perpetual calandar. I couldn't believe this so I googled watch repair in Gilbert and found Donaldson Watches. The man was very nice and accomodating and had a new battery installed in less than 5 minutes. He informed me setting the perpetual calendar would cost extra but that I could look up directions online. I took his advice and now the watch is back to fully functional. The cost to replace the battery was very affordable and fair. I will return to Donaldson Watches from now on for any and all watch related concerns and/or purchases. Stay away from mall watch repair shops as they are useless in my opinion.
