1	Its a Subway. Nice & Clean. But the service is usually awful. Really unfriendly management. The employees seem to hate being there.
4	This Subway has come a long way. It used to have pretty poor, unfriendly service. The teenage gals working there seemed to rather chit-chat than work but I think a manager with a somewhat ironfist may have read them the riot act because service has improved (at least this trip!).Where the sandwiches used to be put together half-@$$ed, this time they were made with a little more love. The gals were more interested in greeting us, taking our orders properly, and being fast and efficient with getting everything prepared and paid for. The restaurant itself is very clean and the food very fresh, so it's safe to say there's new management involved.I have to say that Subway has the best tuna sub on the planet. That is no lie. I'm not sure what it is they do, but that's about the only thing I can ever order here. I have a nephew who worked at one years ago, but he said there was no secret to it.  Adding bacon to it might have something to do with it. You can't go wrong with bacon! I've even seen chocolate-covered bacon but have yet to try it. I'm not big on the lettuce at these joints but I always go with the fresh spinach instead if there's not an ecoli scare happening. The sandwich makers can go a little extreme with the mayo so I have to tell them "just a little bit" and not make the mistake of just saying "light mayo", because they will indeed get the bottle of "light mayonnaise" and slop too much on my sandwich, not realizing I just meant " a little bit" of mayo. Comprende?The breads are all good but I always stick with their wheat, never toasted. I swear I scrape the hell out of my lips on any sub that gets toasted.Nice selection of chips. Nothing like putting them on your sandwich for that extra crunch. They also carry one of the best iced-teas for these type of restaurants called "Fuze". I wish more stores would carry it. Tastier than Lipton's!Fair prices but it gets weird how they judge the prices of a footlong. They can go anywhere from $5 to $9 depending on what's inside. Is there a tuna shortage?Your pal,Walter
1	We often went to this Subway because it is very close to where we live.  However, a few times that we attempted to get food prior to 9pm (which is their closing time), the place was already closed.About a week ago, at 8:36p.m., I went to this Subway to order food for my teenage son, and found the place closed - I called the place while I was in front of the store, and someone answered the phone, I asked her why they were closed when it was only 8:36p.m.  the girl quickly handed the phone to a guy, the guy said they closed at 8:30p.m. because the employees needed to leave at 9:00p.m.  I said then they should not have a sign saying that they are open until 9:00p.m.  I asked for the manager/owner's name and telephone number - I called the number that evening, but didn't not leave a message.  The very next day, I called back, and spoke to a manager name Johnny Sturdivant - this man absolutely has no clue what "customer service" is all about - I asked him if he was aware that his employees closed early most nights during the week - now, I admit, I raised my voice a little bit because I was still upset from the night before (and it had happened numerous times), but, I was not disrespectful to this man - Johnny was absolutely the rudest manager I have ever talked to - he didn't want to listen to what I have to say - He said they are not perfect, they make mistakes - he called me a "creep" - really???  I am telling him that he was losing business when his employees close the establishment early, and he called me a creep??  Wow!  I proceeded to call the Subway home office, and I told them what happened, and I was instructed to write a letter.  I did write a letter, and sent it to Subway, and copied the owners Johnny and Beth Sturdivant.A week after I sent the letter, Beth called me, and asked what she could do to remedy the situation.  I said I really was not looking for freebies, but rather,  wanted to let them know the situation at her store.  I asked if she was aware that her employees were closing early, and she said she went by the cameras in the store, and the problem has been taking care of (I said thanks to me!).I just don't know why people acquire these franchises if they are not going to follow the rules.  Needless to say, we have not been back to this Subway.
