2	After a movie at the Cinemark, our choices were limited for vegetarian options at the Mesa Riverview, so we decided to try Red Brick Pizza. It's definitely fast food, but they do bake the pizzas on terra cotta stone, at over 1000 degrees they say. It was hardly Cibo or Pizza a Metro, but better than other fast food pizzas like Pizza Hut or Papa Johns. It's a gas powered oven, not wood, so don't go expecting smoky goodness. I had the 7" Pizza Bianco with sausage, ricotta, mushrooms and pine nuts, and Hubby had the 4-cheese. He said mine was better than his. It was a tad greasy, but had decent flavor. We also had some cheesy bread sticks, which were hot and soft- pretty decent. With two self-serve drinks, dinner was about $18. They also serve some sort of Italian sandwich/salad combo and gelato, neither of which we tried. The place was pretty busy when we arrived, and they have a variety of seating choices, with about half having a small flat-screen TV mounted right at your table. Red Brick is an acceptable option at the Riverview if you're hungry and not expecting much.
2	Ahh man,.....I REALLY wanted this to be good.But honestly, you end up with something that's more like "flame broiled" than the earthy wood-fired imagery you pick up from their corporately consistent signage, menu, and decor.That being said, it's a cool concept, and great crust- but the signature pizzas like the "Greek" end up feeling themed ,and lacking of soul and an intuitive fussing-over that they need to really be crack good.The salad's, while seemingly possessing all the right stuff- are the same. Too salty/ too soggy, and somehow too rich.The gelato tastes like it must come from a squeeze tube.Anyhow- enough bitching. Better than Pizza Hut, but for all the fuss and flash, you expect alot more.
3	Last night I couldn't decide what I wanted to do for dinner.  I really struggled with what to eat last night.  Should I cook?  Pick something up? I really didnt know what I felt like, so I finally settled on pizza.I went to Red Brick for 3 reasons.  First, it was close.  Second, I've never had it before, and thirdly, I didnt feel like driving to Barro's. I cruise in here and I the decor was nice.   Clean, attractive, inviting.  Nice!  I reviewed the menu, and thought that it would just be easier to order simple.  I stuck with a small pepperoni pizza.I was under the impression that this was going to be a thicker style pizza.   I was sadly wrong.  It was thin and honestly, didn't taste all that great.  It was kind of greasy to me, also.   I really wanted this pizza to be good.  I mean, it was okay, but it was less then what I had anticipated.They also had gelato there, which I've never seen at a pizza joint before. Interesting.   I did order the mint gelato, which was tasty!  The gelato bumped it up a star.   If my review was based on pizza only, it would have been two stars. Decor, friendly staff and tasty gelato bumped it up a star.I would probably return to this place, but not  becuase I think its oh so great.  Most likey to return becuase its right there.
5	I decided to take the family to RedBrick Pizza since it was so close to Cinemark Theatres and BassPro Shop.  Besides, it convenient location to where I wanted to be, I decided to stroll in with my family.  The decor was nice, it was lively, with background music, and the ultimate, a TV at every booth. My wife and I knew this was the place, that we could actually carry on a conversation without the kids meddling in our conversation.  We walked over to the counter, looked at the menu and decided to order the Chopped Chinese Chicken Salad, a Large Order of Chesse Breadsticks, and a Large Pizza, half Pepperoni and half Vegetable Gourmet.The salad and breadsticks came first, in most places it comes all together...My kids ate most of the salad, however, we enjoyed every bit of it.  It was freshly tossed in an Oriental Dressing, only one word WOW! if the kids eat salad, please eat more.  The breadsticks were absolutely brilliant, hot, cheesy, and the right amount.   We waited just about two minutes after finishing those two items and magically came the pizza....It was phenomenal, thin crust, hot, and the right amount of ingredients.   Then after we finished, my little girl, decided to want to try some Gelato....(if you never had Gelato, go try it, it has less fat and CALORIES then regular Ice-Cream) it was a delight, mouthwatering, full of flavor in every bite....My recommendation WE ARE GOING BACK!!!
5	Delicious!!! They gave us free breadsticks while we waited less than 10 minutes for our pizzas. I got the vegetarian with red sauce and parmesan garlic crust. It was amazing! My family got pepperoni pizza and salad and they loved it!!! Highly recommended!
