5	I loves me some Fatburger!  Despite the name which, in my youth, conjured images of burgers with rivulets of grease streaming off of them, I loves me some Fatburger!I might even like it better than that other burger joint.  Yeah, you know the one.Their selection is the best for a fast food restaurant - regular burgers, turkey burgers, veggie burgers and chicken sandwiches all make an appearance on the menu.  You can get chili or bacon added on or, if you're feeling particularly British, a fried egg.  The option or fat or skinny fries rules and now it looks like they even have a wedge salad.  Whoa!Now I know what I'm getting for lunch.
1	Rude staff, slow service, poor quality food and MUCH MUCH MUCH too expensive. This place is a huge difference from the one in Bellevue WA that my boyfriend and I used to eat regularly at. The food here is much more dry and tasteless than the WA stores. The prices are almost twice as much, even for the off strip locations, and when asked about them at this location, I was directed to go to the one in Summerlin which is cheaper... After an almost 30 minute drive, we get there to find... exactly the same prices. Good thing we've got a fuel efficient car.Locations that are not right on the strip have no right gouging locals for the same prices that tourists get slapped with on the strip. Would not return...
2	Ok, first off, this place is ridiculously priced!  I know it's going to be inflated a bit, but I paid over $10 for a regular old cheeseburger combo.  I think I about fell over when my husband showed me the receipt!  As for the food, it was OK I guess, nothing worth that price to be sure.  Fair burger and pretty tasteless fries.  The service was alright, but it was almost empty to begin with.
1	This is for the Sunset Station location - Don't know what all the hype is about....but the burgers are just OK. This location has really bad customer service! I purposely sat at a table with a power outlet because I has to finish up some work on my laptop. So while waiting for my order, I took out my laptop and plugged it...The manager came by and said I couldn't use their outlet!!! Also, there were two guys sitting next to my table who were waiting for their friends to arrive, and the manager told them they can't sit there unless they order something!! RUDE!! Fatburger, how are you going to pay for overhead if you kick out your customers?!?! TWO THUMBS DOWN!
4	Fat salad is a fat ripoff.   So is 2.50 for a drink
5	This burger tops all other fast food burgers hands down. Love this place. I recommend this place to anybody who wants a good burger.
5	This is a very clean fatburger, and has bery polite service, I jabe been coming to ghis one for a number of years. My only issue is they dont always keep there lemonade filled
2	I guess extremely outrageous prices come with eating in a casino, but this place is just flat out ridiculous. It's fast food for Christ sake, not a pass to the holy grail. They sale burgers by the oz here. I think the flavor of the food is lost  because I can't get over what I just paid for a burger. Luckily I was smart enough to eat my buddies fries and drink a couple swigs out of his drink. The atmosphere of the place is really cool with pictures of old R&B artist, but there was no music playing. Eat before you head to the casino.
4	Nice surprise. We needed breakfast, and it was 10:30 so no luck at McD's. Stopped here and were so happy we did. Margarita greeted us, took our order and then cooked our food to order. We ordered sausage, egg and cheese sandwich. You get two giant sausage patties which are super hot since they come right off the grill. Will definitely go back again.
3	I have no problem with the prices at Fatburger because every time I have eaten there, I can tell that the food is of higher quality then the places where you can get a burger for a buck.... As with many things in life, when it comes to burgers usually you get what you pay for. Burger patties are cooked to order, so there will be a wait if you don't call ahead. I was at the mall, across the street from Sunset Station (where this Fatburger is located) when I called in my order. By the time I drove across the street, parked and made my way through the casino my order was just being finished...The employee that helped me looked like he wasn't a day over 12, but he was friendly and he didn't forget the ketchup so I can't complain about the service! Overall this Fatburger is a-ok.
5	Checking out the reviews I have to disagree with the bad reviews I have been a burger eater since I was a kid there are 3 top burgers in As Vegas and here they are NO.1 bachi burger. NO2 fat burger. NO3. In & out burger. And for the record the staff at fat burger is very friendly I have been a customer there for over 15 years never once have I had a problem with the service or staff great crews all of them
5	I LOVE Fatburger! This location is awesome no matter what time I visit and it's always a pleasure when Vladimir is my Server. Don't forget to get your discount if you go to the movies that day at Sunset.
1	We went here because my boyfriend thought it was so good and I had to try it.  Anytime I go to a new burger joint I always try the burgers exactly as offered in the menu.  So I ordered a fatburger with fries.  The server asked what kind of cheese I wanted and I said cheddar.  When she rang it up my jaw just dropped...$24 for two fast food meals?  When we sat down we figured out that cheese was an add on for 99 cents and they upsized the drinks and fries with out asking or even mentioning it.  When we got our burger it was dry and over cooked. My boyfriend says they usually aren't like that though.  A note to the owner:  I understand your employees were trained to do that and they did get an extra few bucks out of me this time but you won't get another dime from me.  Over cooked was forgivable but sneaky business practices are not.
4	I like Fatburger. Their ingredients are of a higher quality than most quick service burger joints, they have Coke Zero on tap at their all you can drink soda fountain, they are open 24 hours and I like my meat well done. It's a win-win situation for me. This location is inside the Sunset Station casino, making it a great place for a late night snack or a quick dinner before catching a movie. The prices are higher than other spots (it's in a casino with a captive audience, people!) but I think the value is still there. What other burger places do you know that have Grey Poupon mustard, swiss cheese, chili, fried egg and relish as toppings? You'll pay extra for the premium add-ons but it's worth it (bonus tip: order a side BOWL of chili for a few extra bucks; you'll get 10 times the amount you'd get if you just order a scoop on top of your burger). Plenty of seating and always open.
2	To be honest I expected better. The burger was sloppy and the food was over-priced. I paid $22 for one combo and one with just a burger and drink. Not cool fatburger!
2	Nothing spectacular about this burger. I used to love fat burger for the food, not the prices but my meal was not as I remembered. The burger was under seasoned and the egg was wayyyy over cooked. Even the onion rings were nasty. The only thing that made it worth while was the shake, still one of my favorite fast food shakes and probably the only thing I will return to get.
2	Fail burger,  13 $ for a burger fries and coke?, a 15 min wait only to find out they gave my order a way . a half hearted apology from the frycook who is either high or drunk. The manager and staff seem like they rather be somewhere else
1	One of the worst experience of our lives.  We stopped in to the Sunset Coast on our way back from the Fiesta Bowl on New Years Day.  There was approximately 20 customers with three employees so it was probably a little busier than normal and it showed.  Our orders were lost and talk about slowwwwwwwwwww, probably union workers because even with a little run of customers they were stuck in one gear, slow.  When a large portion of our group decided to give up in order to make our bus leaving,THEY didn't have any burgers on the grill with a back up of orders.  The young man man taking orders disappeared with customers still in line without an explanation for a good fifteen minutes. There was no excuse for this from any of the employees.  I was one of the lucky ones sort of since I got my burger and it wasn't at all exceptional for the extra price paid.  I would skip Fatburger if you want food of value at a reasonable price.
