2	We were looking forward to eating here again after staying at the BlueGreen Resort last year. It was called Due Pizzeria before, so when I noticed the name change I knew it probably wasn't going to be as amazing as it was before. I was right.If you're staying at the resort it's extremely convenient because they're right down stairs and they'll even deliver to your room for free. Other than the convenience, I'd pass. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't horrible pizza, but it also wasn't what it was, or the best we've had. It was a bit on the pricey side as well. The pizza itself was VERY greasy and the pepperoni was a little on the bland side. The dough, which was the best part of the old owner's recipe was lacking flavor. The wood fire helped the pizza have any kind of great flavor. Otherwise it was basically just a regular pizza. Again, nothing to get excited about. The only good thing was they do have different options from pizza, like wings and salad. We were so disappointed that Due Pizzeria was gone. Like I said, other than convenience if you're staying at the resort, we'll pass it up from now on.What a shame. DUE PIZZERIA, COME BACK!!!!
1	Horrible.If your staying at the BlueGreen, get your pizza from the Burger Grind instead.
5	Was on my way to a different place for lunch when I stumbled upon this little place. Couldn't been more satisfied, excellent gyro, great price. The best customer service around.
1	I was super depressed by my latest experience here. I had been to Vegas in July '10...  It was right after Due became Vegas Best.... There was a handsome gentleman with amazing customer service named Jason. My BF only likes Salami pizza ONLY! Jason said if we brought it in he'd put it on. Sure enough kept his word. He made a pizza that was so amazing that BF and I KILLED THE WHOLE PIZZA within 15mins of getting it back to the room. It was the best pizza I've ever had! We went back the next day ordered a bigger pizza hoping for leftovers. Yeah didn't happen. Even got one for the road! I went back after singing the praises of this place... Dreaming of this amazing pizza! I was greeted by 2 creepy looking guys who were rude at best. As for the pizza.... Well my mama always told  if you can't say anything nice don't say anything at all.... JASON WE MISS YOU!!! Where ever you ended up Message ME Let me know!
4	This pizza place is in the same parking lot as the Bluegreen Resort.  I actually first noticed its presence when the BF and I walked into our hotel room and smelled smoke.  I immediately worried that the room was on fire somehow, the smoke smell was so strong.  Walking downstairs, hoping for some cheap lunch somewhere, the smell got stronger right outside and we realized the smoke smell was actually from the wood burning pizza place.We were hoping to get away with a "cheap" lunch, which in Vegas doesn't actually mean cheap.  The pizza smelled so good that we decided hopping in the car wasn't necessary and we stopped in here instead.  We were pleasantly surprised to get out of here for only $6 or so dollars each, with 2 really great slices of pizza per person.  4 stars for being really delicious (the wood-fired flavor truly came through perfectly) and 4 stars for being cheap.  Sure, it's out of the way for most people on the strip, but if you're in the area, and want some good pizza, stop here.The Boyfriend loved it so much that he literally kept bugging me to write this Yelp review to say how good it was, so, case and point.The only thing that bugged me was that the only pizza-by-the-slice they had at the moment was cheese and pepperoni.  Would've loved a slice of veggie!
1	We were staying at Club 36 next door and ordered pizza. It tasted like grocery store frozen, not wood fired and was pricey.  Staff was pretty rude to boot. Pass on it!
1	I just happened to pass by here on my long drive back to LAX.  I saw the sign which read "wood fired pizza".  Thinking that this would mean that this place would have nice thin and crusty pizza, I drove in to get some for my drive.Surprisingly, they sold the pizza by the slice.  Most wood fired brick oven pizzas are sold by the mini-pie.  I asked for a slice and the gentleman behind the counter took a slice off of the heating cabinet and gave it to me.  I thought that was odd (I would have expected it to be placed into the oven to be heated).  I picked up the slice and immediately felt the droop of it.  The slice was just warm but more importantly, it was socking wet.  I gave it back to the guy and asked him to put it into the oven and make it extra crispy.  He did so and put it on a cookie sheet and put it into the oven.  3 minutes later he took it out of the oven and gave it back to me.  Now the slice was hot but the same drooping mess.  WOOD FIRED pizza should be crispy on the bottom and the crust - not wet on the bottom, droopy and a doughy "crust".  Normally, it should be thin and crispy and served fresh.  This pizza is thick - like stuff I would get in a supermarket frozen department.I also ordered with this slice a Gyro.  I didn't think that gyros differed much from place to place but this was a semi-disaster too.  Unlike the pizza slice, this was much dryer.  There wasn't that much tsatziki yogurt sauce and more importantly, no lettuce at all.  It had 2 half slices of Tomato, some onions and of course the lamb but it felt half full.  Anywhere you go in LA and NY (where I'm from), Gyros are usually stuffed, lots of lettuce, tomato and yogurt sauce.  This felt like an imitation gyro in my opinion.I hate to leave negative reviews but this place I couldn't find anything good about it.The place looked nice but unfortunately, the food was not.
2	I feel bad giving these guys two stars and will go back a second time. My visit was possibly on a busy night for the staff and the slices may have sat for a bit...they were okay, but not great. I'll come back again...
2	I stopped in recently for lunch and was immediately disappointed when I spotted the drink cooler....another place that doesn't have a soda fountain.  Oh well, I'm here aren't I?How about a gyro!  Yum!  My order took about 10 minutes and this gave me a chance to push the thought of baby sheep out of my mind so I could mentally prepare to really enjoy this hot and cool savory treat.  I thought that once you've had a gyro you've had them all.  Not so.  The Tzatziki sauce was off a little, not much cucumber taste and sort of a weird consistency.  The meat was rather bland, not what I am used to.  Most gyro shops feature meat by Kronos...this is why I think gyros are generally consistent from one place to the next.  I don't know what went wrong here but it wasn't quite right.  I didn't see where the meat came from but I'm guessing it wasn't on a rotating spit.  The pita, however, was good and I assume it was heated in the wood fired oven.  Finally, no lettuce :(Also, as a heads up, the seating is very limited.  There is one table with 4 chairs and 4 other stools at the counter, that's it.I'll give it one more shot and try a pizza next time.
1	Checked this place out during a quick visit to Vegas.  Stayed next door at the Blue Green hotel. These guys have an awesome wood fired oven at their disposal.  Producing decent pizza should be a no-brainer.  Ordered one two top 16", one 14" two top and a 2lt coke, $30.Got back to the hotel and realized they left off one of the toppings.  Should not be hard to make a two topping pizza?One bite and realized  I was eating a wood fired Totino's pizza. They use very cheap ingredients and do a mediocre job with the cooking.  The crust was actually okay. What a waste of a pizza oven.
4	The location was convenient because we were staying at the bluegreen 36 resort in the same complex. The pizza was really good but a bit on the expensive side. Overall good experience.
2	We're staying at a hotel 0.2 miles away and delivery took 1 hour, we ordered at 11. The pizza was good, would have been better if it were warmer. The wings were salty. We ordered a special that came with pizza, wings, and a soda that was supposed to be 24$ but we were charged 34$, unfortunately I didn't realize this until after I paid.
2	It was there... I saw the lackluster reviews but I was hungry...I wished I had saved my calories for something way better. I have a feeling they stay in business because of the time share club above them...doughy and no gourmet wood fired at all.Small place, not ventilated well- take it to go. Overpriced for the quality. No place to sit The second star is just because the pizza was nice even though he was stuck in this marinara sinkhole of a location.
1	I love that they say this was voted best by taxi and limo drivers. People, if I may try to save my own reputation as a limo driver. No such survey or ballot for best pizza has ever been given to taxi and limo drivers. Yes, this place stays in business because of the timeshare and that is a fact. I did want to share this picture I took this morning as I walked by the front door before they opened. I found it quite funny and very true. It is added to the pictures. It's the one with the pizza slice box in the handles of the door. (I've been informed that the owners requested the picture removed from Yelp. I guess the truth hurts).
4	Delicious huge slices for affordable prices, the combo is a great deal. Very friendly service, 6 bucks for 2 slices and a drink lunch special, tasty pizza was just what I needed to put in my belly. It was fresh out the oven, cooked to perfection and very flavorful. If you want real wood fire brick oven pizza check out this place right behind the strip!!!!
1	Having an early evening flight and not wanting to eat an overpriced food court dinner, I stopped here enroute to to the airport thinking a slice would hit the spot. With signs saying "wood fired" all over the windows, I was unpleasantly surprised to walk in to a counter with a heated case of slices and one lonely chair.Menu didn't have anything on it but pizza, despite the photos on the door of wings and salad. Got two sad slices, popped straight in the box and not crisped in the oven or anything, but as soon as I went to eat them I realized they were coated in grease. Like, an obscene amount puddled on the surface. Took a few bites, tried to blot what I could, tossed the majority of my $8 meal. I think not.
