5	This cute bridesmaid boutique was the best experience! They have great dresses and when you go in with an appointment it is such an intimate experience between your bridesmaids and yourself. The women at Bella are so helpful and excited for you and your special day. I highly suggest Bella Bridesmaid.
5	Jaime was really cool and helpful. She was knowledgeable about fabrics and what would work best for my needs. Jaime was also honest about length of time it took to get things in. It's a solid place to look  bridesmaid dresses.
5	I purchased all three of my bridesmaid gowns from here. They have the best, high quality dresses in town! We happened to order Amsale dresses during a trunk show and got a great deal. Very great service, very responsive to questions and the dresses were in right on time as promised! I highly recommend!
5	Natalie and Jamie are top notch. I honestly went in expecting it to be one of many bridesmaid boutique stops I was going to have to do... But it was the only one I did. I found two dress designers that I liked, but ended up going with Amsale gowns. It made me wish I were a bridesmaid, not the bride, the dresses were so pretty. The only regret I have is that I have expensive tastes... Amsale is pricey. But that was my bad, because Bella Bridesmaid has dresses that are reasonably priced as well.  This boutique's customer service is extraordinary. Since I had been looking at the Amsale dresses since November, they let me know that Amsale was raising their prices as soon as they found out in April, and we were able to order my girls dresses before the price hike. Since this boutique is a "by appointment only" establishment, they give you their undivided attention.  Their advice is so helpful, and they treat you like family. :)
5	Bella Bridesmaids was my first wedding dress experience and it was a fantastic one. I was looking for a specific short wedding dress, but because they carried the bridesmaid line of the label I had my eye on, I called to see if they could have it ordered. They couldn't, unfortunately, but very kindly told me about other short dress options they had.My appointment was casual and fun, the boutique is very cute and intimate. I worked with Jamie and she was so sweet, very knowledgeable, very patient. Their bridal gown selection is small but each dress was different and so very beautiful. I found a gorgeous Amsale short dress that was a strong contender, but I ended up going to California the next weekend and found the dress I'd been dreaming about for months. Jamie also gave suggestions for fabrics, tailoring, lingerie, shoes and I'm sure she would have given a sound stock market tip if I'd asked. I've just made another appointment with her for my MOH's dress. Can't wait, their bridesmaid selection looks stunning.
5	The service simply doesn't get better than this. I came in last week and had a dress appointment with Natalie.  This woman took an active, REAL interest in me and my wedding, asked me questions but not in an intrusive or nosey way. She stayed with me past 5:00 tirelessly hanging dresses up and suggesting new ones, I actually hugged her when I left! I am getting all of my bridesmaid dresses from Bella, they are the best!
5	Amazing Customer Service and such a beautiful salon!  It's definitely a must to stop by and shop for Bridesmaid gowns...they've got the best selection
