4	I have been to Chill twice now and I really like their yogurt.  There is a wide selection of toppings.  The shop is very modern and inviting.  There are three or so tables inside and three on the outdoor patio area.The staff is always very friendly, and they are eager to help.  This is a good stop for anyone who is jonesing for yogurt.
3	Chill, you're just fine in my book.Lots of extremely cold flavors made my day, especially the mocha frogurt with mini buttercups and jimmies. Lots of jimmies.Some of the toppings in the back take a long reach. It's a good thing I was up for the challenge.Very clean and white. Literally, everything is white or clear. I liken it to 2001, A Space Odyssey, which was fun. All in all, I had a great time and would definitely savor another brain freeze here.
4	It was my first time visit at 'Chill' yesterday... I am not a picky eater but recently I am trying to be careful about what I eat including desserts. I love ice cream, gelato, crepes, bundt cake, and so on... but my friend was keeping telling me that I shouldn't avoid having a good dessert because the frozen yogurt tends to be healthier and richer in nutrients than ice cream or other sweet desserts. The frozen yogurt is my alternative! There were some flavors that I haven't tried at other yogurt places such as Red velvet, Birthday cake, and OJ. I really liked the combination of 'OJ, Chocolate, Original tart, and Birthday cake' the most :) I thought the texture was somewhat more milky and creamy than Yogurtland or Pinkberry.  Most of the flavors were non fat or low fat which were great :p Very simple and clean interior, Super clean restroom. +++ I'd love to come back if I am in the area running my errands or something.
5	I'm so sad that Chill is closed. :(I've noticed that it has been dark for a week or two.  So I went to he door yesterday and the note on the door says "Closed for Thanksgiving weekend" and then the "for Thanksgiving weekend" is crossed out, so its just "Closed".Most of the furniture is gone inside.This was my ABSOLUTE favorite yogurt place in Las Vegas.Such a bummer.
1	Went to check it out and it isn't there anymore.  There is another business in this location and I can't find if there is a new store.  Cherry on Top is the closest across from Red Rock station, and there is a U-Swirl and Yogurtland near Flamingo and Ft Apache.
