5	These guys are very friendly and trustworthy.  I've been going here since I was a teenage girl with my first car.  They don't talk down to me, they don't try to rip me off, and if I need something stupid and quick like a head lamp changed, they will do it for free and send me on my way.  I'd never consider going anywhere else.
5	I take my Honda here all the time and I love it. They are always speedy and honest, they never make unnecessary charges or repairs. I don't know if this is really testimony but my Honda is a 96 Accord, still runs perfectly, and has gone to Hon-Amotive all 15 years of its life!Frank (the main dude) is also pretty hilarious. He's really old, and very nice. There is a sign behind his desk that says "PLEASE SPEAK UP FRANK IS HARD OF HEARING." Cracks me up.
1	I recently took my Acura TSX in to get work done on it. There was some window moldings that needed to be replaced. No big deal. I called two shops and the dealer. I went with Hon-Automotive, not because they were the cheapest, but because they had very good customer service, called me back promptly and I felt comfortable with them.I was a bit disappointed though at the type of up-selling they did. Consequently, I lost trust in them, and wouldn't feel comfortable going back. Over the phone, I was quoted $428 in work done to the vehicle. I checked online, found a $40 off of $400 coupon from their website and asked to use it. When I walked in to the shop, I was told the phone price was the "bottom-line" price and that their "accountants" didn't like coupons. They also recommended a transmission flush every 15,000 miles. (WTF !?). They quoted me $80 to change the cabin air filter. I asked if that required taking out the glove box. "Yes, that's right". Reality is, that's not the case. I did it myself and there are no screws, or extra tools needed to change it. It's probably the easiest thing to change on the car. Just pop off a piece of plastic and it's good to go. Long story short, I was looking for a shop I could regularly depend on to be upfront with me. I didn't find it at Hon-Amotive.
5	Took an early Acura TSX to them for repair - they resolved that issue, and solved a problem that two dealerships could not - excellent prices and service.
