5	Talk about professional! These guys know what they're doing. Also, they're honest and don't try to take you for an arm or a leg. I've worked with lots of contractors and these guys are hands down the best I've ever seen.
5	I had a situation where I needed a restoration company.  A friend suggested Polaris and I could have been happier.  Justin followed my job from beginning to end.  The end result was better than new.
5	Justin is a great owner that is involved in the process of restoring your business or home back to new. He has great employees like Tony who is reliable and knows there business. They do great quality work that you can trust.
5	I have worked with Justin and Tony at Polaris Restoration and Roofing and both have been professional business people easy to work with.  And the results they produce are top in their restoration business.  I got involved with them from recommendations I received from people they helped to get their homes and businesses back where it should be after a disaster hits, and I couldn't be happier with the high quality and cost efficient manner they operate.  I strongly recommend Polaris Restoration and Roofing, give them a call.
5	The team at Polaris has your back when the nightmare of a flood or fire hits. They will walk you through all the steps of dealing with the insurance companies which can be a real hassle. Communication is never forgotten and to me that is piece of mind. From water extraction and dry outs, to rebuilding of structures these guys handle it right!! Thanks Justin and Tony for taking care of me and my clients.
5	I called the number listed on Yelp last week and Justin answered the phone. He was friendly and polite, and he was also at the hospital because he just had a baby. Crazy! He asked that I send him an email with information about the problem and he would get back to me in a few days. Sure enough, a few days later, Tony called and we scheduled time for him to come by and check out the roof. I just purchased a house, and the former homeowner had a leak in one of the guest rooms the week I put an offer in on it (of course). She claimed to have had it fixed and with rain clouds looming, I wanted to be sure. Plus, my inspection report listed a problem with the flashings. Tony was incredibly friendly, and what's more - helpful and thorough. He hopped up on the roof, asked to see where the leak had happened, and then said he would email me the next day after looking into the price of the shingles he would need to replace should he need to investigate the area more. The next day, I got a text in the afternoon saying he was planning on coming by again to check out the roof one more time. When I got home from work, he was already investigating, and asked to climb into the attic. After two searches, he told me he really couldn't see the problem. With the money dumping I've already been experiencing from buying a home, I really appreciated him being candid and not charging me for an unnecessary repair. He said to give him a call if I see any leaks and even offered to do some extra calking on the roof if it would make me feel better. If (more like when) I have a roofing issue, I can promise you I'll be calling Polaris again because of the stellar service from my initial experience.
