2	I have been bowling here since I was a kid. My best friend and I played on leagues form the ages of 7 till about 11. They have not done a whole lot to this place since they opened in early 80's. They put in flat screen score boards but thats aboout it oh yeah the ugly paint they put on the wall above the lanes. The ball returns are so old and beat to hell that a few of them have broken pieces on them and it scrathced my ball really bad. The bar service here sucks ever since Jenn left. It takes forever to get a drink now. My friend and I started going on thursday nights cause they had a great deal $1.50 games from 9 till close. But they now stoped that deal and ints now $5 per game. I wish there would be a new kind of bowling alley that would open up somewhere and make it cool and up t date equipment. Bowling is fun but they all are so dull and blah inside. Anyway this place needs to update some things and get some good bar tenders here, and some cheap bowling night would be cool again to. The funny thing is ever since that $1.50 game deal went away now they have nobody bowling after nine. lol They would have cheap games but they made money on food and at the bar when they had cheap games. Now there making no money from 9 till midnight. BRING BACK THE $1.50 GAMES PLEASE!
4	Used to go here as a kid, just went back with some friends for the midnight bowling and wow was I impressed.  New lanes, tvs, score computers, uptodate music, clean...  Someone really turned this place around.
5	Went for the midnight and it was so cool! Lot of people lot of girls lot of drink and lot of good time with friends. Will go again
1	Not sure if me my wife and friends will be back. Usually a good experience but not tonight. Staff tonight was terrible at one time three people were working the desk well one was the other two were doing anything but helping guest's.  Next to lane 32 they blocked the access to the rear for maintenance with tables and chairs so anytime the employee had to go back to work on anything he had to cross an active approach.  Also without warning at 7:30 they started the rocket or laser bowling whatever it is called. We were not warned when we entered when it started and no warning at all. I am a spot bowler always have benn since I was 13 extended laser lines on the lane are not the same as spots. The distraction of the lighting and music is too much for me.
