1	Worst customer service ever.I dropped my watch off on a Thursday, and the clerk said it would be about $20 to repair, and it would be done by tomorrow. Little did I know that I would receive it 2 weeks later and be charged more than twice the amount he specified.I came back the next day only to find nobody at the store, even though it was well before closing. My guess is that they were on a lunch break but didn't bother letting anyone know when they would be back. So I came back Monday and he said they sent the watch out to another guy to get repaired. He said to try calling tomorrow. I waited an extra day and called on Wednesday, and he told me to try calling on Friday. This went on for another week, of me having to continuously call the store, and having the same clerk tell me it would be done the next day, only to have him tell me the same thing.I do not mind if the repair would take a week or two, but if it does just let me know straightaway, instead of telling me lies constantly and putting it off.Finally I asked him what was going on and to give me a definite date. So I came in on the second Saturday since I dropped off the watch and had to wait for it to be delivered. After it came in, he charged me $45, when he initially said $20. I mentioned this to him and he said he normally charges $75 instead. At this point I just wanted to pay and get out of there as soon as possible.The watch itself has been repaired and works fine now, but I would not recommend this place to anyone because of the service. You can get the same thing done with better service elsewhere.
5	I had a very special project in mind for an engagement ring. Doug was able to design what I had in mind on a computer and conceptualize it with a 3D printer! Great quality with a very fair price! The perfect ring was made.
1	This is by far the worst f-ing jewelry place ever... First of all there is barely any jewelry inside...  There are all a molds for jewelry making... So I came in to repair a pair of coach earrings. These were not gold but some kind of metal. The pin that inserts into the ear was broke. So I drop the one off and guy tells me 3 days... And it coast $25. I come back 3 days later and he tells me he had to mail them to some place... He says it will 7 days... So I call 7 days later and he said they are not back yet... Then he says he will call me back and they will be ready in two days... Then this guy doesn't call me so I call him and says he will call when they are in... So I wait two more days and actually decide to go inside a bit mad... He says they will be ready in two days. Finally the earring is done and I pick it up and only pay $20... I was so pissed. Then my girl tries to put it on and the earring breaks. This guy is a joke and then some... I hate this place... I will never go back and will never recommend this place... I despise looking at this cause the guy was such a douche.
