3	I was in the area of Rainbow and Spring Mountain ( at Walmart ) around lunch time.  Noticed a sign for Mr. Sandwich with another sign saying buy 3 Banh Mi Sammies, get one free .. .sold!  Not sure when this place opened but they are still putting up signage in the interior of the restaurant.  Also not sure if they replaced another restaurant at this location.all the sammies are $3.50.  I went with the grilled pork, grilled chicken, grilled beef and house special sammies.Fairly standard banh mi fillings, decent sized but the bread somewhat average.  The stand out was the grilled pork - probably twice the meat than what i get at Dakao but i give Dakao the nod as to the bread and meat flavor.  Still, i'll give Mr. Sandwich a little slack since they are just opening.  Curious if the buy 3 get one free  deal will be around for awhile.  I believe they also had a pho special, too ( maybe BOGO ) - while waiting for my order i noticed someone else ordering the Pho - about all i noticed was the soup bowl was the size of a mixing bowl - very large !I'll probably return pics attached
4	This is the third location of Mr. Sandwich, I've been a regular at the original for a long time. They also own Hue Thai from what I know and it seems some of that menu has come onto here. They are doing "Grand Opening" specials currently, don't know how long it'll last but the banners are still on the outside, weeks later. $4.95 pho, Buy 3 Get 1 on the bahn mi/sandwiches, and buy 1 get 1 on milk tea, thai tea and smoothies. I tend to get milk tea, standard, but good and the BOGO deal is great since I can drink 2 of them easily. Sandwiches taste the same as the original one for the most part, same bread that I'm fond of. I tend to get egg, tofu, or house special sandwiches. I also have tried their BBQ pork and it needs a little more seasoning, but that's the only one that needs some improvement. I tried their combination pho and it was decent. I liked that the broth was clean tasting. It was mild on the spices which can be good/bad depending on how you like your pho, but sometimes it's nice to just have a beefy broth that isn't overtly fragrant. The meats were plentiful and the only miss was the brisket had some rubbery bits, otherwise it was fine. The guy that I assume is the owner is nice enough and has been asking for feedback to customers that come in and receptive to it it seems. This is really close to work, so I think I'm going to be a regular here.
3	Being a big fan of the original Mr Sandwich, I was excited to give this new location a try while in the area and feeling hungry, This location was formerly a TCBY location, but they have made quite a few renovations, and it seems much more roomy now. There are lots of tables, wifi and even a little stage that looks like it's ready for karaoke, but I could be wrong. They are still putting the finishing touches to the restaurant, but it's coming along nicely.For their grand opening they have quite a few specials going on. $4.95 pho and BOGO thai and milk teas, which I took advantage of. The drinks were solid and so was the food. Again, the bread wasn't doing it for me. Unlike the original location, the bread was a little crustier and not as soft and fresh as I like. For the most part, everything else was great.I'll be back since I'm in the area pretty often and look forward to giving their sandwiches another try as well as the rest if the menu.
1	THE WORST BOBA I EVER TASTED! I decided to give a try on Milk Tea with boba since it was "Buy 1 Get 1 Free." It was the worst taste I ever had. The milk tea tasted like coffee and the boba was hard like hard rock. Would never come to Mr. Sandwitch again.
2	I went with my friend and got boba. However, the boba was disgusting. The middle was hard and outside was soggy. Just by looking at the boba, I could tell it was "bad." Maybe it was just my drink that one time?
1	Their food is not fresh. This is a new location that just opened (since Oct 2013?). I was very excited to have a banh mi shop closer to my home, since their other location is in the heart of Chinatown and is decent quality. Well this location does not have quality and freshness or reasonable service. I ordered banh mi dac biet (combonation deli meats) and banh mi thit nuong (grilled pork) and 2 smoothies (strawberry and avocado). Being that it's a new location, I wasn't sure how to order or if you sit down or what. The man working there was less than helpful. I got the sandwiches, bread was stale, pate had a funny taste, and meat was still cold (on the grilled pork). My smoothies was such a dissapointment. My "strawberry" smoothie was white in color. I asked him if this is strawberry, he said yes yes yes and rushed me out. My avocado was also white. Taste? Taste of the avocado tasted old (like when you cut an avocade and let it brown, then blend that with milk. Doesn't sound like it would taste good right? It didn't.) When my son drank his "strawberry" smoothie, he gagged. I tasted it, it was durian- very far from strawberry. Andrew Zimmerman would be pissed ;) Overall, I would not come back. I don't want to pay for potential food poisoning and get something I didn't order. I regret not taking a picture.
4	Came here with a groupon and had 2 bowls of Pho Tai. I thought the food was good and the service was excellent. Soup came out hot, fast and I was asked more than once if everything was ok. For me it was a good experience and a great deal.
2	I am the biggest fan of the original location in Chinatown. I go there at least once a week and even take out of town guests there. When I saw this place, closer to my house, I was excited until now.Hours of operation said they close at 9pm. So I stopped by on the way home from the airport (after having flown half way across the country, looking forward to it), only to find it closed at 8pm. I called the Chinatown location, they said they closed it early due to lack of patrons. Then I went with a Vietnamese friend and my kids for lunch. The banh mi was cold, crunchy to the point that my kids couldn't bite it, and it tasted stale. The Chinatown location gives you warm, soft banh mi.Groupon is offering a deal of $15 for $30. I think I'll give this location another chance with the Groupon and try their pho.
4	I had the chicken pho. I wish this place was a little closer to my home.  Treated great.  Friendly Viet man seated us and took our order.  Quick service!
5	Hands down best Pho in town. Also try the beef salad and tom yum soup. I have yet to try the sandwiches and rice dishes. Definitely coming back to support the business. I found my new spot!
5	The new owners definitely turn this place around! The food taste amazing! From the pho to the cheese flan it's delicious!
1	If you've never had viet food before you might not realize how bad the food is here.  The Pho broth has a funny aftertaste and the banh mi bread is not fresh or typical french baguette. They also forgot the bean sprouts/basil, sriracha/hoisin sauce to boot on my to go order. I gave them several chances since they opened but it has gotten worse over time. The only positives was their grand opening prices, but that too is gone.  Unless something changes, they wont be here in 18 months either. 1 block away is Pho Saigon near Greenland. $1 more, but way way better value and taste.
2	I love "Mr sandwich" ; I don't know about this location. All excited I bought a Groupon discount (15 for 30) for "Mr Sandwich", Thinking that it's a franchise it was going to be just like the one on Chinatown but unfortunately it only has the same name. We asked few questions about the food and then placed the order, witch it was wrong I asked for spring roll and I got something similar but with no shrimp (they said there's shrimp its just fried) anyway we ate everything including the house special hard breaded sandwich; I was still hungry so I asked for a  BBQ PORK sandwich with softer bread. when it got to the table there wasn't any BBQ meat at all, we asked (I think he was the owner) is this BBQ PORK? He said -"yes" thats our BBQ PORK- my partner could not hold it back and said out loud -I'm from Vietnam and I know how BBQ pork looks like, and that's nothing closed to- I told my partner not to worry and that I can eat it. Finally when we got the receipt they were charging us for some other spring roll different than the one we asked for, an a  COLD CUT sandwich. We thought it was a little pricey but  WE PAID FOR IT BECAUSE WE ATE IT, NOT BECAUSE WE LIKED IT,  AND WE ALSO PAID TO GET CHEATED BY THE OWNER.NOT COMING BACK.
2	Came back to where I originally gave 4 stars to use the second part of a 2-part groupon...got the pho again as that seemed to be the safe bet...The broth tasted a little odd, the meat had a weird taste that wasn't fresh...and the worst part was that all the vegetables minus the lime were old. The bean sprouts were not a crunchy white but dirty and old as though they had been in a bag in the fridge for 2 weeks...it was almost embarrassing. Bean sprouts are insanely cheap, change that out, Boss.The leaves of the basil were turning dark in many spots and even the onion that was already in the soup when it arrived wasn't fresh. Even with a groupon I won't be coming back...embarrassing to bring out a plate of old vegetables. No more soup for me.
3	It's been open 3 months now and in this short span they're definitely going downhill. The first few weeks there was this guy that worked the front which I originally assumed was the owner, but he hasn't been in a long while and I see the same people now. I think they're friends or family that run this one and that guy was only here to open but manages the original. It was better when he was around. Well, I just got a sandwich and the soft bread that I am a huge fan of from the original location on is no longer. It's really crusty like how Lees are. A bit of crust is fine, but this is the type of crust that makes the edges of your lips feel a bit raw. Bring the bread back!
3	this place was good, but its closed down!
1	Opened for a couple months then closed down!!! Scammed many people out of their Groupon. And now groupon has to lose money to refund everyone. Shame on this place. Couldn't even last a year and had to resort to scamming.
