5	While I was at Third Friday on Roosevelt Row I picked up this magazine absent mind-idly at a gallery and forgot about it until I found it again later. One night I picked it up when I was trying to sleep. Now usually this is kind of an insult. I was trying to fall asleep so I picked it up, but in this case it did the opposite. This magazine is so smart, creative, funny and interesting that it really woke me up and I had to read the whole thing! Phoenix Metropolitan is chocked full of all sorts of crazy things from articles about going green, a crossword, bios of local Phoenicians, a event calendar, and articles on local businesses. I hope I am doing it justice, but you are going to have to buy one yourself to see all the weird and interesting things in there. I'm rooting for this magazine, and they are only on their third issue!Couldn't find a website yet, but keep your eyes open!
5	The magazine is great. Only one problem: They never paid me for my article. I am owed $300 for an article I wrote in November 2006. The article was huge and took a ton of work and a lot of time to complete. They are in dire financial straits and have left many freelancers high and dry with regard to payment for past work. If you are a freelancer, run, don't walk, away from this magazine. I'm glad Lily A., who posted below got paid, but as of April 2008, I haven't seen one thin dime and the editors have stopped communicating with me. Makes me sick.
4	I discovered this magazine at Borders this year and become an instant-fan.  This is the most relevant, clever and interesting local publication that I have ever stumbled across (I wonder if I could ever convince them to take over the 10:00 news...).  Reading this magazine makes me feel like I live in a real city.  Right now most of their distribution seems to be through Borders book stores, but I just signed up for a subscription (a new offering from them) and will definitely be including this magazine in my holiday gift shopping.http://www.phxmetropolitan.com
4	Too bad they had to go on hiatus and change their name (as to narrowly escape a lawsuit from Phoenix magazine). I guess they'll be back in a month plus, give or take. Either way, I'm an avid fan. I'm not too keen on the name change (Fahrenheit), for it sounds too "Scottsdale" to me. Hopefully that's the only thing about this magazine that makes me think of the fashionably ludicrous sister city to our Northeast.
4	dear phoenix metro,i miss you. come back. the couple of issues you put out were pretty freaking good, especially considering what you evolved from.please, i love you, come back to meeee.
