5	I think this school is World Class. They are truly Leaders in the community and give their all to every student.  Keep it up!
5	I think this school is World Class. They are truly Leaders in the community and give their all to every student.  Keep it up!
1	Called this place and left a message to find out about their classes.  After two days did not here from them, so I stopped by to get some info.  Got their pricing which was higher then most other places for much shorter classes (only 30 mins).  But still wanted to find out if it would be a good fit for my daughter.  So asked if my daughter could do one trial class.  They told me no... but we could pay $50 to try classes for two weeks and get a free uniform... Why on earth do I want to pay $50 and get a uniform for their school if I haven't had my child try it.  So my husband and I stayed and watched the classes they had going at that time.  Highly unimpressive and no real quality instruction, and no correction for sloppy work.  Not to mention they had so much going on in the same room,  and people all around being very loud that the kids could not focus.  We found a much nicer place, that has high quality Masters and is more interested in training the students then just bringing in money.  In fact every other place I talked to offered one free trial class.  Too bad all this place is concerned with is making money.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.
1	This place is horrible. I got a Groupon and probably went 4 class total. It's a total waste of money, even with the Groupon deal. What really upsets me is when they had Pro Motion pictures coming in to take pictures of your kid. The lady, I believe her name is Rachel Martin, asked everyone to fill and sign the release form. We aren't obligated to buy the pictures. Well, I decided to purchase an e-photo package (just digital copies via email) for $100. I called the studio right when I left (10 mins) to ask her to tell the photo company to cancel my order. This all went down 2 months ago and I'm still disputing this with my credit card company. Not only is this place overpriced, they're a scam with this Pro Motion pictures. Now onto their classes,30 minutes classes aren't enough time to get anything done after warmup and cool down. They have teenagers teaching this class btw....I understand they have a black belt and all, but if you're supposedly paying $150 a month with only 2 classes a week (that's the price they quoted me with), I expect more than that. You're better off taking your money to an mma gym where the classes are unlimited, and they are an hour long class. If you're new, they need to help you achieve to the next level to get the color belt or whatever. All they do is let your kid go to class with the more advanced kids. They just gave me some paperwork and have my son practice at home. Well, what's the point of me taking him to karate class if they're not teaching him anything? How the heck I'm suppose to know what's a high kick, left block, etc? Anyway, I'm over this place. Lots of other places to take your kids to. I'd recommend an mma gym like extreme couture or syndicate. The reason why they offer so many groupon deals is because this place is just horrible.
2	Classes are very flexible which was nice, but in 6mo, my son essentially learned squat. He loved going because of the games they would play at the end of the classes. During class, the kids follow the instructors moves, but the instructors did not really correct their form or reapply the principles to the point where they would stick. Very little discipline in the classes which allowed for lots of disruption and lack of attention. Especially for 3 and 4 year olds.  Just for fun, if you have the money, but to actually learn something, look elsewhere.
