5	This is one of my favourite finds in the city!! And what a find!Hidden away in the depths of Charlotte Square, this place doesn't look like much. It's got such a lovely, authentic atmosphere though, really genuine and comforting.It's really traditional and a great place to come if you would like a relaxing, authentic atmosphere.  Yes it's a bit cave-like, but it's an experience!When you go (which you will) you won't be disappointed, and you'll be back (alongside Arnold)
3	We summed it up: "Whigham's is much as we'd remembered it: very hit and miss. My mussels were outstanding, but most of the rest of the stuff was pretty uninspiring. Certainly, if you're visiting for a glass of wine and someone mentions, "shall we eat here?", I'd say "yes", but be prepared for peaks and troughs."
4	A local institution, here for over 20 years, literally in a wine cellar, good food, and a massive wine selection.Well worth checking out.
4	I have only been here once, so maybe my views are a bit "jump the gun" but I had one of my best nights out in Edinburgh here a couple of months back and I whilst I want to give it a 5 star, the sensible (ex) scientist in me wants to see if the results of previous study can be reliably replicated.Experiment 1: Arrived in Whighams wine cellar after consuming a nice bottle of wine with my lovely wife and an old friend whom I hadn't seen for 7 years in another establishment one Sunday evening. The sounds of live jazz enticed us in and once we were in we were not going anywhere as the music was great, we found a bottle of tasty Lebanese wine (Chateau Mussar) and we were in our element sitting at the front, wine in hand, fine music (for which there was no cover charge by the way) and we even ended up chatting to some friendly customers.The prices weren't cheap, yes you could get the same wines in a good wine shop at a cheaper price, but it's not very often I get live jazz in my living room for free so I don't mind paying a bit more for the entertainment.The bar itself was OK, not too much to shout home about and I can see why a mid-week empty bar might not have the same feel as a packed Sunday full of jazz hungry wine filled people. I've been meaning to go back but haven't made it yet, will do it soon but it has to be on a Sunday for the great music.
3	Made a reservation here for New Years Eve before heading out to Hogmanay.  While the bar seems like a cool place to grab  a pint or a glass of wine, I wasn't blow away with the restaurant.  The menu was fairly standard for Scotland (pork belly, steak pie, fish and chips, a few soups, etc.), and it was OK.  However, I was expecting a bit more selection from the wine list, and the waiter didn't have much knowledge of the wines at all.  The service was polite and pleasant, but not great.  For the price, this is a reasonable place, however I would keep to lunch and the bar, and skip it for dinner.
4	I'd always really thought of Whighams of a place for after work drinks rather than a restaurant but having recently dinned here I was pleasantly surprised at how well both elements of the place work together. The sunken alcoves, that I'm assuming previously held wine barrels when it actually was a wine cellar, have a lovely cosy feel to them which is great if you have one to yourself. Sharing one with complete strangers however can feel a little awkward depending on your company as the music and chatter of the bar is really subdued in the little alcoves, so they can hear everything you're talking about. (Thankfully I've usually been sitting with a loud, exuberant group who's rowdiness tended to scare off anyone foolish enough to try and sit with us.) As you would expect the place has a good wine list and also provides a very nice list of cocktails. If the weather is nice there is also a teeny tiny beer garden that you can sit it, though it is usually full of smokers. The restaurant area is separated off a little from the main bar so it's not quite in the thick of things, though I wouldn't really want to eat here in the evenings on a weekend given how busy the bar gets. On the Wednesday I came in here for food the place was quite quiet and my friend and I got tucked away in a nice wee corner away from the hubbub of the bar. Seafood seems to be a speciality here with lots of fresh and enticing options on the menu. I opted for mussels while my friend had some oysters followed up with langoustines and pasta for mains. The food is lovely and it was nice to find a decent seafood restaurant outside of Leith. I'll probably stick to drinking here as opposed to eating but it's a lovely place to spend some time if you're in the West End.
4	This place was hopping. I really enjoyed it but my husband was less impressed.
