5	I personally had a great experience with this dealer. It is a smaller dealership so I felt like the service was more personal and had very little haggling to get a good price on my trade-in, on my new car and on financing offers. As a single woman this was much appreciated.  I will take my car back for service here and I would recomend this to my friends.
5	Just had a great experience purchasing a new Ford Fusion through Chapman Ford.  Worked with Tim Quintana for the purchase and with the Manager Marlon.  I walked in considering purchasing  the hybrid but after talking with Tim I decided that based on my limited driving it was more cost effective to go ahead and purchase a regular Fusion.  We did a test drive and the vehicle drove beautifully.  I had pulled the dealer invoice information off the internet so we were able to quickly come to an agreement on the purchase price.  They were very low key with absolutely none of the high pressure tactics I have run into at other dealerships upon occasion in the past.Once we agreed upon the price, I was very pleased to find that the exact same price showed up in the business office.  The business office was straight forward and did offer me the chance to purchase an extended warranty, but again were very low key about it and did not try to hard sell any extras (thanks Marcus).  I always find the purchase of a new vehicle stressful, but this was probably my least stressful experience ever. Thanks Tim, Marlon and Marcus.
5	We bought a Flex there last night. They worked with us on the price and we were out the door with a new car in under 2 hours. Great experience. Will purchase our next car there too.
5	Just a quick note, that sometimes, you truly must thank God for unanswered prayers. Last week, after wasting 3 days with Sanderson Ford, including 3 days of unreturned phone calls, and ignored messages, I went across town to Chapman Ford in Scottsdale, and had one of the best experiences anyone could have. I was assisted by Internet Sales Manager Tim Quintana and Finance Manager Marcus Watkins. They took an impossible situation and made it a reality. Thanks to them, I am now a proud owner of a Ford F-150 which was 1 year newer, listed $500 LESS than the Dodge I test drove @ Sanderson, and had less than half the miles on the odometer. And I am sure that up in Heaven, my grandfather, is smiling 'cause another one of his grandsons is a Ford Truck owner. I cannot recommend enough that anyone that needs a new vehicle go directly to Scottsdale & McDowell roads to Chapman Ford.
4	Had been looking for a 2012 Fusion V6 SEL.  Found one with good miles and good price. When I called later the car was of the sales lot.  Johnny Martinez who I had talked to earlier, found it, and we closed the deal that afternoon.  Happy with the car, and Johnny was great.  Not happy with the window etching charge of $218, but that complaint is against the dealership, not the salesman.  Bob L. scottsdale
5	Everyone at Chapman is very friendly and knowledgable. They bent over backwards getting me into a car, since my credit is not great. I had been turned away in past by dealerships for my credit. This place really works with you. My downpayment was much smaller than I anticipated. I highly recommend Chapman if you want to be treated like you matter and not just $$$. If you go onto the website and submit an application they will contact you right away, and get the ball rolling very quickly. My salesman was Donnie W. and his manager Marlo are the best! So many people have bad credit these days, if you don't want to bouce around trying to find a dealership who will work with you (many won't with credit issues), go to Chapman FIRST.
5	What a great way to spend a Fourth of July Morning!!!! I am proud to be a new owner of a Ford.  Thomas Berg and Timothy Quintana made the car buying experience quick and enjoyable.Thanks for everything and I will recommend your dealership to all my friends.
5	I have nothing but good things to say about the service department at Chapman Ford.  We took our Ford Flex to another ford dealer (close to our house) to get some warranty work done.  The guy there was a complete jerk, basically making us feel like we were bringing it in for minor items and we should just suck it up and deal with them.  He obviously didn't want to do repairs under warranty....they don't get paid the same for that I am assuming.  We decided after that experience to look for another Ford dealer to take it to.  We found Chapman, and though 30 miles from home, it was worth the drive.  They fixed every item we took it in for (unlike the other place).  We dealt with the service advisor Henry Rivero, he was very nice and made sure we were taken care of.  They had to order a part to complete our service and they promptly called when it came in.  I took the Flex down there before work and was given a shuttle ride to and from work that day.  It was so easy.  We really appreciate the treatment we received there, and will continue taking our vehicle to this shop.
4	I came into Chapman Ford yesterday knowing what I was looking for in terms of a vehicle - 2013 Ford Fusion SE with the 2.0L Ecoboost engine. I had been looking into the newly redesigned Fusions for quite some time online so it was just a matter of time until we made the trip to the dealership to pick one out.Upon driving onto the lot I was immediately greeted by "JR" Baugh, our salesman and he was great throughout the whole buying experience. We hopped into the the Fusion right away and took it for a fairly lengthy test drive which turned out to be great. The car basically sells itself and "JR" was there to provide additional support when we had questions. Everyone at the dealership was welcoming and friendly the whole time, and we weren't on the property for too long which was nice as well.I highly recommend Chapman Ford in Scottsdale, primarily for their friendly staff and lower-pressure salespeople. You can buy a car anywhere, but you purchase it when the staff makes you feel comfortable in doing so - well done Chapman Ford.
5	I needed some work done on my work car, and I was told to go to Chapman Ford. Initially there was some confusion, but once service advisor Tina got involved, red tape started disappearing. Tina got all the stuff ordered and handled, and in now time at all the repair was made and I was on my way. I really appreciated how down to earth and helpful she, and the other Chapman Ford people were. Their great service is the exact opposite of what we often hear about dealerships. Well done.
5	Brought my car in for a new battery and an oil change. Also had a coupon for some other small maintenance (fluid top-off, rotate tires, etc). They wrote "wait" on my service form so they knew I was waiting for my car.  Larry was friendly and the service was quick and great. They even ran my car through a quick car wash. Not sure if Tina is still there, but she has always been great too.
4	Genuinely friendly staff with a no pressure environment. They are willing to work with you and are extremely fair with negotiation and prices. Definitely would recommend to family and friends. I will buy from them again. Thank you Tate and everyone else! The only reason I did not give 5 stars was due to the long wait during the purchasing process.
5	Awesome customer service in the service department!
5	I had a very awesome buying experience at Chapman Ford. I bought a 2013 Edge Limited. David Laner was my salesman. He was very nice and personable. He was knowledgeable about the cars, showed me the choices I had available and all the differences in features and costs. I never felt pressured or pushed. I was able to take all the time I needed to make my decision and I got the exact deal I wanted. What's not to like!! I would defiantly buy from this dealership again and recommend it to my friends. As a matter of fact, after I made my purchase, one of my friends told me that they bought both their cars from Chapman dealerships. My friend had the same experience with BOTH cars they bought that I did. You're doing it right Chapman!
4	Had a great experience buying a car there .... sales stuff was knowledgeable but finance people were a bit high pressure.  All and all, it was a good experience buying a car.
5	Went there to get my oil changed. All went well.  looking at getting a new Mustang.  met a nice salesman named Tate. Pleasant to deal with. Will be back next week to see what we can do.
5	I went in right before they closed with a dead battery, and they got me right in and replaced it very fast. The customer service was great. I would recommend them to anyone.
4	I always fret over the thought of having to get my car serviced. It really is not one of my favorite activities. I make sure I have all my supplies just in case I'm there forever.  Chapman Ford is doing their best to make getting your car serviced simple. I was able to make my appointment online. The waiting room is more like a lounge. You can help yourself to coffee, water, or various complimentary snacks. Even the QuickLube area has comfortable seating and complimentary coffee and water.  If you need a ride back home or work they will give you a ride. The staff is attentive and helpful is letting me know what was going to be done to my vehicle. I didn't need much done, so I was there just under an hour. Next time I won't delay getting my car over there. I hope they keep up the good service.
2	Awful. Just, awful. I brought my car in at 8:30am after calling first to ask if they could finish my car by the end of the day and if they had an available courtesy shuttle to take me to work while they had my car. The gentleman who took my car in, Steve, told me the driver is never out more than 30 minutes and would be back in no time to take me. He also confirmed that my car would be in and out today. When I went inside the waiting room, the gentlemen at the desk informed me that the driver only leaves once an hour and it would be 45 minutes before the driver could take me. Not having that kind of time, I arranged another ride and had to walk half a mile and sit in the cold to wait for them. I then got a call from Steve badmouthing the men in the waiting room saying they opened their mouths when they shouldn't have and had no idea what they were talking about. I have very little respect for employees that badmouth the company or co-workers. The men in the waiting room were FAR friendlier and more accommodating than Steve. Had they been the men to do the vehicle intake and follow up with the service, my business would still be Chapman's. So, after leaving my car off at 8:45 am, I called to check in around noon. Steve said he hadn't heard from his mechanic and he would go ask him and call me right back. An hour later, I had heard nothing. I called back and they couldn't get a hold of Steve. Finally, he was tracked down and it turns out they hadn't even done the diagnostic test yet, let alone start working on my vehicle. I told them not to do anything and I would come pick up the car. When I arrived and asked for my vehicle, Steve seemed a little annoyed that I was taking the car. Yeah, Steve, I'm pissed I have to do this too...I called AutoNation Ford in Scottsdale and a very friendly and informative man, Mike, said he would not charge me to look at the vehicle, (Steve at Chapman wanted $110 unless the issue was covered by warranty, which is standard) and when I brought it in, promptly stopped what he was doing, shook my hand, gave me his card and told me to call him directly with any questions or issues. He came straight out to my car and was honest with the wait time before my car would been seen. After looking at more reviews, it seems Chapman is NO NOT NEVER and AutoNation, with whom I've dealt before, is the only dealership I'll go to again.The only reason they got 2 stars was because after speaking with a CSR on LiveChat, a manager called me personally to inquire about my experience. He was very kind, understanding and did not push me to bring the car back for a second chance. He thanked me for my time and for my feedback and was very professional and personable.
5	Hey Chapman! Thanks for being awesome!I went to Chapman the other day and had an oil change and decided to chat to the lady in charge at the oil change area to see if I had any recalls on my car. I forgot her name but she was super nice and made me laugh during my time here. Oh by the way, she told me I did have some recalls and referred me to the service department where I spoke with John.I believe John is the Service Manager and he brought me in his office, told me about my recalls, and then said he'd be able to get me a rental car, get my car fixed, and return it back to me the next day at 2PM.Not only did I get my oil changed but I got my car up to par, a wash, and everything was done before 2PM the next day. Major kudos my friends. See you again in 10,000 miles.
5	I had a FANTASTIC experience with these guys from start to finish.Basically here is my drill. Every three years I lease a car. We test drive a bunch, narrow it down to one and start calling up different dealers to get the best rate.This time around Chapman Ford had the car I wanted, they gave me the best price of all, plus they threw in free navigation.While there for about 2-3 hours (the day of the purchase) we spoke to at least 5 different staff members. Everyone was extremely friendly, knowledgeable, kind, respectful and simply pleasant.They were honest from the beginning. In the past I've dealt with dealerships waiting till you've already signed papers to throw a curve ball your way. These guys were not like that at all.Jerry Palmese was our sales guy. He was a gem. So friendly and personable. We sat around and chatted with him for a while. We're new to the area so he was giving us tips about good schools for out kid, etc.These guys were 100% drama free. I hope everyone has as great of an experience as we did at Chapman Ford.
1	I will NOT be returning.I had my car serviced a few weeks ago and the tech did not properly place my lug nuts on. My husband and I began driving off the lot but stopped before turning on the main road due to a very strange noise. We checked the tire and it was about to fall off! Everyone was very nice and handled the situation but I sent an e-mail to the GM about my concern for safety. It has been 3 weeks and I still have not received a response. Very disappointing. I was very hopeful for a response but I can see they just do not care.
5	I have had my vehicle serviced at Chapman Ford since they opened. The previous, Five Star Ford was awful! I returned when I found out they were bought by Chapman. Always professional, courteous, and timely.   I recommend Chapman Ford to everyone. They have a Quick Lane department that services all makes and models!  Also I have bought two brand new cars from Chapman Ford and their great sales team. I will always continue to be a Chapman Ford customer.
4	While I have only purchased one car in my lifespan, so far I had a great experience with the car dealership I purchased my little Ford Focus at. I actually bought my car over the phone, as I was buying a car before moving to the area. I flew out before moving to Scottsdale, to look at apartments and sign the paperwork on my car. Dealing with Chapman was pleasant, and they stored my car for me for 2 months before I officially was living in the area, and I did not have to pay to keep it. The dealership is also brand new inside and even the service station has good magazines and is less unpleasant to wait in than most service stations of car dealerships. If you are considering buying a Ford (I know, I know bring on the Ford "Fixed or Repaired Daily jokes) in the Phoenix area then I would definitely look here. I did not find anyone to be pushy or live up to the evil reputation car salesman have in my experience.
5	Went for oil change on Wednesday, July 16, 2014, and Vicki & Rulon at McDowell Chapman Ford Quick Lube went way above and beyond! Superior customer service! Not only did they hook it up with the oil change but they did an entire vehicle inspection and even delivered my vehicle back to my place of employment due to time constraints! Wow! They deserve recognition and additional business. Thanks guys!-Very satisfied customer Ross L. in Scottsdale.
5	I was very pleased with the service I received at Chapman Ford.  Both Rulon and Vicki were professional and helpful in servicing my vehicle.  I went in for a routine inspection and an oil change which they performed.  My car is still under warranty and I heard a knocking sound in the front end.   They checked it and fixed the issue.  I don't remember the name of the girl who gave me a ride to my home and then also picked me up to get my car but she went out of her way to make sure she got me to my car in time so I could make an appointment I had that evening.  All in all professional, friendly, competent, staff that gets the job done!Debbie J
5	First and Foremost, Chapman Ford is NOT the typical car dealer!I was ready to abandon my search for a new vehicle after having horrific experiences at several dealerships.  As a last ditch effort I went on Yelp to see if ANY auto dealers in the Phoenix area had decent reviews.  That is how I found Chapman Ford.  I went there with a detailed list of what features I needed & which ones I just wanted (OK, I'm a nerd, it was a spreadsheet.)  The staff there treated me with kindness & respect.  They really worked to find the right truck for me.  They never rushed me nor pressured me in any way.  They worked hard to assure that I benefitted from every incentive offered by the factory.     When I left, in my new truck, I knew that I had the PERFECT vehicle for me.  Since the truck was missing one of my needed options they offered to have it installed for free.  The part needed to be ordered & installed by a specialist.  Tim Quintana continued his exceptional customer experience by arranging all of the details & keeping me updated regularly.I HIGHLY recommend Tim Quintana and all of the staff at Chapman Ford!
5	I have to say, I have never been a Chapman Fan.  However, it was Saturday on Labor Day Weekend, I wanted a new car and the other dealers were giving me the run around.  (Come all the way to the West Valley for a "free TV" Free? Yeah, right. Am I looking to buy a TV anyways? No, I want a car)I did an Internet Inquiry on their website and I received a near instant reply from Justin Harris who did not waste my time on the "normal" dealer games.  His sales manager, Andrew Lucas called me as they didn't have the exact color I wanted.  Nonetheless,  he asked me to hold tight and give him (and Justin) an hour or two and one of them would find it.  Sure enough, a couple hours later he called me with a firm time that the exact car I wanted would be at his dealership.  I arrived at the dealer, none of the normal games I have had in the past ("The oh there is a speck of dirt on your trade, now it's worth $2000 less) so I really appreciated it.  He had the car ready for me to inspect right out front.  We test drove it and it was exactly what I wanted.  He then needed a little time to get the car clean and polished which I completely understood as they just drove it all the way from the Southeast Valley for me.  Next, we went in to finance and met with a very prepared Zoe.  He had the agreed price and everything correct on the forms, the first time.  I say this because shady dealers will usually try to play the bait and switch game in finance and put the car in for a different price (Oh, that was just a typo), but none of that nonsense here.  In and out in under five minutes.  No games in here.  No mystical protection from alien space creatures was forced upon me to buy.  Side note: I did let them know I usually don't buy any of that stuff as I only keep a car until its warranty is up.  But all around nice guy and was easy to work with.  No wasting my time.Last stop, Justin helped me remove everything from my old car and then put it in my new car.  He did a tour of the vehicle with me and explained and setup lots of features including the keyless buttons to unlock the doors. (I had no clue how they worked or how cool they were).  It was nice to see that he knew what he was doing and could quickly show me features.  It was not like he was figuring it out for the first time.  He clearly knew what he was doing.I highly recommend these folks.  As with any dealership, go in prepared and you are always better off.  However, I felt like after being in their dealer for a while that the majority of their sales people have integrity and work out a fair deal for everyone.Thanks!
2	Everything was fine until after the sale. We negotiated for awhile and came up with a monthly payment. Five days later they called me in and told me my monthly payment would be 75 dollars more a month due to the term having to be shortened. Wish I had of known that at the beginning. Just sucks when you agree on a negotiated price then five days later they jack it up on you. Other then that they were fine.
2	Agreed on a set monthly payment with my salesmen and his sales manager. Went through all the paper work and drove off in my new vehicle. After a week or so I receive a call telling me that I need to come in to finalize some paperwork. Upon arrival I am told my monthly payment will now be 75 dollars more a month due to the loan being shortened. This to me is ridiculous we made an agreement, shook hands, and signed a contract and a week later all that can be changed. I tried returning the vehicle at that point and they told me I couldn't because I had signed something a week ago that wouldn't allow it. Pretty shady stuff. Not only that but I was told I would receive some free oil changes and haven't heard a word from Chapman Ford. All in all taught me a lesson to have financing set up before purchasing a vehicle.
5	I had problems with my vehicle while traveling through the area for work.  I was scared to take it just anywhere as I know nothing about cars and didn't want to spend an arm and a leg on something I didn't need.  However, I found this location online and saw that it had five star reviews.  The stars were well deserved as the service department went above and beyond to help me and make the experience as painless as possible. As special thanks to Darius Taylor and his team in the service department! Thank you again guys and I'll make sure to come back when I go to Arizona again.
4	A good Customer-Oriented Dealer.  I use it for Service of all kinds.I have had numerous good experiences there.  Considerate shuttle service a great feature.
1	Took my old Ford Escape in for regular check-ups and always was happy with them.  My new Ford needed some work so,  of course, I brought my car in. Now,  most service departments don't update you, ever, unless you ask. But finally,  after my car was ''sitting'' there for 2 weeks, still waiting on a part, they had me pick it up.  Come to find a discrepancy in my mileage, AND a taco bell receipt in the passengers seat. Called the manager and only got a sorry. No question about how they could fix my annoyance and their rude behavior. Very happy my car could help someone get lunch.  Pay attention to your milage if you bring your car here.
5	Just bought an f350 from these guys. Amazing sales staff, first class financing and a service department that treats you right. I made the Chapman choice cause they earned my business. I'll be paying on this beast forever, but appreciate the deal they made.
5	My husband and I both financed new vehicles with Chapman ford we do not have the best credit but they were willing to work with us when no one else would and got us great monthly payments they weren't pushy either and they were very friendly and very accommodating Kiley, Dan and the general manager Bobby were great I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for a vehicle.
5	Awesome service. Took my raptor in for oil change. They fixed the tire pressure light and verified my SYNC was up to date. In and out fast. Fair price.
1	I took our 2010 Mercury Milan into Chapman when the brake light failed.  This was the fourth time a tail light had failed.Don't be confused, this isn't a $1.99 bulb, but a $400+ LED assembly that must be replaced.Faulty brake lights are a serious issue.  Brake lights are not something easily noticed from a driver's perspective and if someone plows into me it will be my fault.Ford refused to admit they have a problem.Chapman did nothing to help.Ford still does not live up to their motto:  "Quality is Job One!And neither does Chapman.Wanna guess how long it will be before I buy another Ford...
