3	Until moving to Arizona from California, Sonic was a big mystery to me and my husband. For some odd reason, there were always commercials for the drive-in chain on local networks. The commercials were always funny in a dry sort of way, and we were interested enough to go look up the closest location, which was 40+ miles from our house. This seemingly pointless marketing strategy was something that a lot of Californians apparently noticed because some person started a Facebook group called "All I ever see is commercials for Sonic, and I don't believe it actually exists." Needless to say, the group had many members join in a very short time. Last weekend, we had some friends come in from California for the weekend. They were staying at the Arizona Grand Resort and noticed this Sonic location across the street. Having also seen the commercials and up until this point having decided that the chain didn't really exist, they were super-excited to go experience what Sonic was all about. So, we pulled into one of the parking spots on a Saturday afternoon and decided to sample some of their many interesting drinks. We chose:*Mocha Java Chiller*Root Beer Float*Fried Ice Cream Blast*Butterfinger BlastWe each had a favorite, which worked out a lot better than continuing to pass them around the car (our original plan). Personally, I thought the classic Root Beer Float was the best, although the Mocha Java Chiller was pretty good and reminded me of a coffee milkshake. We paid $11 or so for the four drinks and had a pretty good time sitting in the car (with the AC blasting of course), sipping our cool treats, and reminiscing about the good old days in America when people knew each other by name and "petted" at drive-in movies and eateries. Ok, maybe not the last part, but it was a fun afternoon activity after a long day at the hotel pool and now our friends can go back to California knowing that Sonic really does exist. As for us, doubt we'll be back frequently - at least not for the food, which I hear isn't great. The mystery of Sonic's existence has been solved and the mystery was part of what made us want to go there so much in the first place. Hmmm, maybe that's their marketing strategy. I figure if every person in any other state who sees the commercials and then travels to another state where they do have Sonics everywhere stops in and gets just one slush or blast, that's a lot of customers!
1	This is my worst experience at a Sonic. The location is hard to reach, the service is real slow and even though it is all set up for a drive-thru, there is no drive-thru window. I felt like I could have gone to Applebees, ordered, ate and left before I got my meal from this Sonic location. If you ever have to endure a meal at this location you may be as shocked as I was at how impossible it seems to be to access - it's almost like they don't want customers.
4	Sonic Drive-In gives you the option to park and order and a carhop will bring you your food or you can use the drive thru. The menu here has lots of junk food options sonic has breakfast you can order all day, burgers, chicken sandwiches, corn dogs, grilled cheese sandwich, cheddar peppers, BLT'S,mozzarella sticks, and TOT'S! I love tot's and I always get them when I eat here. You also have hundreds of drink options available here you can customize your soda, slush, or milkshake. I know the service is slow but that's because everything is made to order. I used to work here and I still eat here because I know that all the food is fresh.
2	If you have to eat fast food in the area then I guess this is the best place but I still don't recommend it.The grilled cheese is barely edible.  I always look forward to the tator tots and they always disappoint- taste like they were cooked in old oil.  Yuck!The only positive is the cherry limeade or cherry limeades.  Oh, and the kids like to add chocolate to Dr. Pepper.
3	always love a little sonic and a little goes a long way. I was excited to find this location while visiting the area. Chili cheese coney, cheese tots and a pineapple milkshake or a corn dog and cheese tots and shake are my usual.
1	I ordered online to use the $5 off $10 coupon. By the time I got home -- 3 miles away -- my fries were ice cold and my Blast was soup. This was my first time going to Sonic and it'll also be my last.
4	I can't say the carhops are the brightest tools in the shed, but the food is decent & the cherry limeades are always cool & refreshing.
5	Evelyn...best carhop ever had. Very nice and personable and brought everything needed without asking her first!  Not everytime gets 5 stars but this visit deserved it!
4	Love their Cherry limeade. This location's servers are actually on skates! People need to remember this is a fast food joint, dont expect 5 star food here.
4	Nearest Sonic and I usually go around their happy hour. Can't beat their specials around that time if you are quenching for some fountain drinks or slushes! I usually get the lemon berry slush, my favorite. Their root beer floats aren't that bad either. Staff is  nice and stay smiling when they come out with your order. Always a plus.
1	Me and my husband went there for a SIMPLE order... and tried and tried to explain to the cashier what we wanted about 5 times she still messed it up... ugh!! No bueno!
2	Lets start with the food, I get it fast food, but seriously 2 stars are for the food. Service was horrible, I can my card through the card reader next to me, and five minutes later a chubby 16 year old comes with my food, telling me I didn't pay... I told her yes I have, I just paid about 5 minutes ago, she looked at me like a deer in head lights...telling me over and over again I didn't...after she went back inside and checked that I in fact did pay she came back pretty much chucked my food into my window and walked off...seriously that's rude. Customer service is horrible.
1	HORRIBLE!Went to Sonic for lunch ordered a conney dog. The bread was FULL of MOLD!!!!! I called the office asked for the Manager she hardly spoke English and couldnt communicate properly with her ugh -_- Anyways she agreed to gove me my money back and replace my food ONLY if I would go back today WTF! I offered to send her pictures and she declined. CHECK YOUR FOOD BEFORE YOU EAT THERE!!!!
4	I prefer the one on 23rd (in the park) but It's shake shack - it's always good. I love the Sonic Drive-In  (off menu now) with cheese fries and a lemonade... It's a great simple burger!
