5	Bikram Yoga Mesa is awesome!  Being new to Bikram Yoga I wasn't sure what to expect, what to wear, etc.  I was nervous initially, but quickly put at ease because the instructors went out of their way to ensure that I was comfortable in my first few classes.  I am still impressed that the instructors welcome me by name and can call me by name in class.  I like having options to attend early morning classes before work or evening classes after work.  The studio is always clean and I feel comfortable being there.After completing my two week trial I signed up for the monthly auto pay option.  I'm two months in now and I am addicted!
5	I was looking for a yoga studio close by to ease into getting back into shape after having a baby.  I wasn't too thrilled about doing Bikram Yoga, but this was a great first experience.  I was nervous about doing yoga again after a long hiatus, about the heat and fearing that I'd pass out or want to throw up, and just about the whole experience in general.  I was pleasantly surprised at how comforting the experience was and not only that I survived, but that I enjoyed it!  The class had people of all ages, sizes, and experience levels so I was not intimidated at all.  The instructor was very knowledgeable and encouraging.  Only thing I would do differently is to make sure I hydrate a lot more before and after.  Looking forward to my next class!
5	Have been practicing at this studio for about 8 months now.  Before I arrived for my first class I knew nothing about yoga and had never taken a class elsewhere.  John and all his instructors have been fantastic.  The physical benefits provided by yoga are too numerous to mention.  John and all his instructors do a great job for the beginner so don't be afraid to try it out.  It is a very friendly environment and I could talk all day/night and never run out of good things to say about  the people here.
3	Poor practice room etiquette. Teachers need to be more helpful with new students, the poor women next to me was struggling the whole class with no help from the teacher and no instruction to listen to your body and sit or lay down when you need to. Also music at the end, something new for me! Not sure how I feel about this studio.
5	Bikram Yoga Mesa is the friendliest, genuinely warm and most welcoming yoga studio I have ever had the pleasure of visiting.  Being from out of town, I drop in from time to time and am always amazed at the positive, relaxed vibe that I feel from the minute I open the door to the time I leave.  Jon and his teachers are amazing; they are consistently positive and smiling, both in the hot room and outside it.  Visiting this studio is a mentally refreshing and physically invigorating, all round highly positive experience for me.  Highly recommend!!!
5	This place is just great!  The studio is smallish and cozy with separate male/female locker rooms.  Owner/instructor Jon is very kind and encouraging -- makes you feel welcome and tells you how great you did (even when you almost fall on your face).  The place is very judgement-free -- yogis of all levels/ages/sizes practice here.  It doesn't even matter if all you're able to do is lie on your back in savasana the entire class -- all are welcome!So far, I've only taken classes with Jon (he sprays yummy peppermint essential oil in the air) and Heidi (who "walks" on your feet during certain poses -- which feels amazing) and have liked both.  I must say, Bikram is addicting!  If you're new to the practice, give it a couple tries and I promise, at first you may feel like you're dying but after a few classes, you will feel more alive!  It's been the only thing that's helped ease my lower back pain.  And after a long, stressful day, I find myself craving it.Make sure not to eat a big meal right before class, wear as little clothes as possible, bring a yoga mat/towel/water bottle and an open mind.  There's a pretty awesome Groupon going on right now for the place too!
5	I cannot give this place enough praise. I recommend this particular studio to everyone that asks me about Hot Yoga! The staff is so friendly, nothing but good vibes. And the prices are unbelievably reasonable!!!! I drive 20 minutes almost every single day to get my yoga in here. ITS WORTH IT. I've been searching for another studio that is a halfway point between my boyfriends family and I because 3 of them want to start it with me but sadly I cannot find one studio as amazing at this one. They live in the Phoenix Ahwatukee area so this particular location isn't convenient for them. If they decide to expand more west I will be one happy girl (:
5	I love this studio!!  I have been to others in Ann Arbor, MI and in Tempe, AZ.  This studio is waaaay better.  The temperature is always comfortable and not unbearable.  The instructors are super friendly and not drill-sargeants.  Plus, the room doesn't stink to high-heaven! They infuse it with essential oils.  I highly recommend this studio for Bikram newbies and seasoned yogis alike :)
3	It has been a year since my visit so I will say you should check the place out for yourself.Good Luck with the business JK.
5	I practice in Vancouver Canada everyday and what a treat to attend Mesa Bikram.  It is clean uplifting and hot.   I highly recommend the studio.   I am going to practice here while on vacation.   Come out and enjoy.   Wonderful namaste.
