5	Great for easy access to Las Vegas.  You just land and walk away.
4	If I can avoid flying into McCarran I will, and Henderson Executive is the place to go. Friendly staff and great location make this a great spot for ingress and egress from Sin City.
4	I visit frequently. FBO always friendly and helpful.
5	Yep, as good as it gets.  As soon as you taxi to Transient, a guy pulls up in a van, greets you, helps to tie down your plane, loads your stuff in the van, and schleps you to the FBO.  Go sign in and the ladies are pretty nice.  They'll waive the ramp fee if you get 20 Gallons.  So don't be a dumbass like us and gas-up too much in Needles.  The Hertz counter there is great.  The car we reserved was just sitting there inside the gate as we entered the FBO from the ramp.  The guy in the van loaded our stuff into it.  We just walked in, got our keys, drove to the gate which opened automatically and we were on our way!The Tower  guys are pretty good at assuming you don't know what you're doing under all the Class Bravo.  (Dude, I'm from LA, I understand.)  They're a little worried and tended to micro-manage us even though we had a GPS that did that quite well lol.  It's OK, the Las Vegas approach control guys were equally helpful.  Once we were out of the Class B space, they're all like, Radar Services Terminated!  OK, Buh-Bye then :-)Easy, simple at Henderson.  I've landed at McCarran twice and they were pretty good at Signature Flight Support.  But, after the treatment I got at Henderson, I think it's the hot tip!
5	Excellent service and very nice inside.
5	This is a review for the terminal only.I stopped here today to have breakfast at The Landings restaurant on the 2nd floor.  The terminal is really well done and fairly new--the terminal was rebuilt in 2006 by Clark County.  Since it's a small albeit busy airport, parking is excellent.  I parked in the first row near the terminal.For those who fly in and out of Las Vegas using this airport, I am sure it's quite convenient.
5	Really...as easy and painless as it gets. Easy drive to/from the strip and they let you pull right up to your jet.I'll take it!
5	This FBO is about as good as it gets...especially for a county owned facility.Ever since this ramp and terminal were remodeled it is the only place we have gone.  I think i have only been into KLAS once since then.Most think it is too far from the strip, but honestly it is only a 10 minute drive.  For how low the ramp fee is, and the fuel price, we are more than happy not to pay hundreds at KLAS each night just to save a 10 minute drive.  The fuel price is also worlds lower than vegas.  Even in a small jet...if you are taking only a few hundred gallons, then add in the ramp fees, we are saving around a thousand dollars every trip.Every employee we have met is been super helpful.  The line guys are always there to help...and let me tell you, when there is a big event in Vegas this place can be hoppin and they still manage to give you a piece of attention.The staff on the inside is helpful too.  We used to come here A LOT, but we don't make it to vegas near as often and Donna and Scott still always treat us like we are in big iron instead of just a small CJ.They aren't open 24 hours, which has been a problem a few times, but the security officer that is on duty is one of the best i have seen anywhere.   Usually these guys are unfriendly and wont get out of their golf cart.  this guy acts like he owns the facility, and helps you out with anything he can.  It is refreshing to see someone who takes so much pride in their job.  I wish i could remember his name to give him due credit.THERE IS NO FUEL AFTER HOURS.  this is the only negative.  We have had to make some special routing arrangements at other local airports to get fuel before we could make it home because of this.  I would say this is the only negative and honestly as long as you put in the fuel order before you leave (or call in during normal hours) it's no big deal.there is a restaurant upstairs and their food is pretty good.  Not the best i have had, but not too shabby for a small airport place.  I had the roast beef once, and ham and cheese a couple times and both were good.   The restaurant hours are very limited though, which is annoying but that doesnt effect the FBO score since it is a seperate place.anyways, i guess the point to all this is.....why would you fly into KVGT or KLAS when you have this option??   yeah...i can't think of a good reason either.N525HS
4	This place is pretty cool.  I came here for a meeting and what I like is that this place is very efficient and very accessible.a.  For Meetings - They have a small conference room with like a table and 8 chairs, as well as a large conference room with air walls that can be configured large or small.  The rooms are quite nice and perfect for business meetings.b.  Qualifications - They allow you to rent the rooms if you are handling business about aviation.  So be careful as they will not let just anyone rent their rooms.c.  Service - Everyone at the front service desk and the entire facility is great and pro customer.d.  Restaurant - They have a restaurant on site that will help you cater your meetings or you can eat at their restaurant called the Landings.  I found the food to be really nice and tasty and the service here excellent.If you are in Henderson, near to the M Resort this is a cool place to hang out, have lunch and watch small planes take off and land.Bring the kids and family, go to the restaurant and enjoy.
5	Read the reviews, followed some good advice and checked out their website before flying into KHND. In other words, thorough preflight planning. I made my reservation through the website and received my confirmation right away. The free shuttle to the casinos runs at 10am, 1pm, and 4 pm. You MUST call at least an hour prior to your arrival to confirm your shuttle ride. I called about two hrs ahead because that was what worked best. Upon arrival, I was led to our tie down and offered a ride in. We decided to walk instead.  Checking in at the desk was quick and easy. Overnight without fuel is $15 for a single. Our "shuttle" driver was actually a Towncar Limo and my wife and I were the only riders, so the first class treatment was appreciated. I tipped the driver $15 and he seemed genuinely thankful. This morning on the way home, I paid the tie down fee, we were offered free bottles of water and a ride out. But before we did that, we went upstairs to the Landings for a nice breakfast. After breakfast, we were on our way with zero hassles. So 5 stars were earned..For you pilot types, I don't know understand some of the negative overtones about ATC and operating around the Class Bravo. I didn't know how the Bravo would affect my flight but after a few minutes of looking at a paper chart ( old school, I know) it became obvious that if you're coming from anywhere in SoCal, make sure you're under 8000 and on an easy descent starting at 23NM from the KLAS VOR. Contact approach on 125.9 and just tell them what you want to do. Easy peasey....On your way out, ask for flight following so you can climb pretty much unrestricted. The terrain and traffic in the area does require you to pay attention as there is a lot going on.. But I had no problems with ATC in the Las Vegas area or with the tower at Henderson. So they get 5 stars as well even if you can't Yelp them. Overall, a great experience and this little gem of an airport and customer service beats the hell out of the abuse you get by flying into McCarren.
