4	The service was good, the subs tasted just like the ones I ate in Jersey. Much better than subway. They slice all the meat and cheese when you order the sub, and you can definitely taste the fresh difference!
3	I am not a sandwich person but I do enjoy the occasional grinder. This place is just OK if you ask me. It is just cold cuts sliced really thin and assembled in the store. Nothing to get excited about. I do not get the fascination with cold cuts.
4	Jersey Mike's is a chain....alright get all your prejudices out. Now that you're hopefully thinking from a logical and rational place, go and enjoy this particular Jersey Mike's on Charleston because what you'll find is a tasty and inexpensive sub shop.  The kids who man the shop are friendly, accommodating and it seems to be the kind of place thats a great fit for the Summerlin community.Im a huge fan of the Ham and Capicola, but in reality all the sandwiches are tasty.  They slice the meat when you order and for all of you that think that doesn't matter, ask ANY reliable chef and they will tell this locks in the freshness better than the Subway/Quizno method of pre-slicing individual portions.  Make sure you get the sandwiches "Mikes Way" which tops it all with a healthy dose of oil and balsamic vinegar.  This dressing really brings the 'wiches together.  They have an equal amount of hot sandwiches and cold ones and the bread they use is decent (wish that part was better).Im not going to speak for all Jersey Mike locations but this one is run the way a store should be run.  Great spot also to grab a to go lunch if you're heading up for an afternoon of activities in Red Rock Canyon as it son the way.  Alright all you chain haters, you can go back to hating, Ill just continue appreciating....
5	Heaven.Literally....Im a sammich snob.. I want my bread and my meat to taste great.. not one or the other.Up untill the other day, I was a panera bread LOVER. They have the best bread EVER. But, I have to say Im reformed and totally going full hog with Jersey Mikes.I had the Chicago club, spectacular! My wife had the cali club with guacamole and I finished..ok..STOLE the other half of her sammie after I inhaled mine. Food this good tends to be eaten in a rather quick fashion, so it needs to have alot of flavor due to speed at which its being consumed so you can actually taste it.Wow, we cant wait to go back and try the others cause I totally was about to trip a bitch and steal her GIANT pastrami on Rye.. lolThe only downside is that I didnt get asked if I wanted chips or fruit with my meal so I got stuck with crinkle chips..EWW!But the other half got fruit and that shit was soooo sweet and delicious! Didnt taste like colorful water, the pinapple, melon and strawberrys were hella juicy and tasty.. The other down side.. it aint cheap. lol  22 bux for the both of us so do the math. But we will be back, maybe to grab a sammie on the way to bonnie springs.. or a family hike in Red Rock when its not africa hot outside lol
1	I've gotten subs from jersey mikes before and gave them another chance after consecutive lukewarm experiences. However I got the wrong sub and am regretting it again. Their breads are way too soft to be making pastrami sandwiches with thousand island dressing and it was soggy and non-edible. the meat was ok but not all the hype they get. Again, maybe I got the wrong sandwich but I'm surprised they even make it like that. Id rather go to Jasons deli.
4	I really like jersey Mike's.  It's very clean and the food is always fresh.  But what really keeps me coming back is the bread.  I love the bread here it's not overtly soft or crunchy.  The Italian is great also the Turkey and provolone.
4	Was in the area and stopped by at 10:30 am for an early lunch the other day.  I had the #13 Original Italian Sub (Provolone, Ham, Prosciuttini, Cappacuolo, Salami and Pepperoni) $6.95 done Mike's Way (Onions, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Vinegar, Oil and Spices).  I had a bag of Jalapeno Chips and a Bottle of Water to wash it down.Since i was probably one of the 1st orders of the day, it was really fresh....especially the Bread.  It was easily the best Sub Sandwich I've had at Jersey Mike's, ever.Will I return?  Yep, sure will.
3	Good service. My favorite sandwich is Mos def the big kahuna.
4	friendly staff.  good food.  great location.  bad parking lot. so in the end, worth a trip!  the food prep does take FOREVER...but the end result is great.  my sister LOVED this place.
5	Love this place.  As far as I'm concerned, they have the best cold subs around.  Really great bread - has a nice crispy exterior but isn't so hard that when you bite the sandwich filling spills out.  It's really a nice sandwich bread.Really fresh and tasty veggies.  Tomatoes are nice and juicy and still have flavor unlike, say, Subways or Capriottis.  Lettuce is nice and crisp and their pickles have a little bite to them.Really enjoy their sandwiches.  Their hot sandwiches are ok but I wouldn't go out of my way for their cheesesteak.But the cold sandos are really good.
2	Well, this definitely is no Capriotti's. I hate when sandwich shops totally disregard the importance of bread. Bread. Its more than the transport mechanism for meat, people. So many places cheap out and serve us basic flavorless bread substance, and continue to serve it even after its gone a bit hard and stale. I effing hate that. *Bread - yuk. I had to peel most of it off and toss the hard ends. Thanks.*Tried the chipotle cheese steak and the king cheese steak - decent, but won't bring me back. Jalapenos don't take the place of sweet/hot Italian peppers. Sissy-level heat.*Service - great, but can't compensate for mediocre food.
3	Jersey Mikes is a small chain of sub shops based on a store in New Jersey (duh). The sandwiches are about average. Nothing about the sandwich is excellent, but nothing is poor. Every now and then I'm in the mood for a sandwich and it's a decent option.
4	I really really like this place!! The dudes are hella silly and totally take care of you. I got the medium Capicola, ham, but with swiss! I was in love!! They need to put a little more meat, but none the less it was yummy!! The bread is super good, and I wanted more!! The downfall is that its pricey! In Colorado you can get the same sized sub for 3.45$ (and it has more meat) For this bad boy I think its was like 6.45$!!! If you add a drink and some chips its a 10$ meal! Hot damn!If you are ever in Pueblo, CO go to a place called Collettes, it blows capriottis, jersey mikes, and any other sub place out of this universe!They gave us some free pb cookies which was gnarly. I'd go back, but I'm still on the search for a super yummy, not breaking the bank, sub!
4	Always a consistent sub from Kevin and his staff.  Never had a poorly made sandwich there.
4	I agree with the earlier poster, "the dudes here are silly," which is fine, as they told me "whats the point of going to work if you can't have fun?"I  ate there twice this week, the service was fast and friendly. The food was really good compared to other shops like Subway, Togos, and Quiznos. The food still tastes like its from a  smaller chain, and tastes less processed.I really enjoyed the food, but the prices are a bit high for a sandwich. I will have to check out the location in my hometown to see if its the same. Maybe the prices are higher because its in what appears to be an upper scale area of  Las Vegas. I will definitely be back to a Jersey Mikes soon, however I don't know when I will be back in Vegas again.If you live in Vegas near the Spring Valley area, then stop here and skip the Subway..
4	Love Jersey Mike's. The sandwiches are nothing fancy, but the freshness is what makes the quality. I always go with a turkey provolone with their signature chipotle sauce. The staff here is very friendly... maybe even a little flirty... free drink! :-)
3	We love Jersey Mikes! It's one of our favorite sandwich places and would rate it higher if there was one in Henderson. I would suggest the pastrami as its the best. Got to get it mike's way!!
5	Me and this particular store have been this love/love relationship for years. When I was personal assistant for some millionaire, this was the place I would go get the sandwiches for his Friday lunch meetings. And since then I never forgot the kind of service I would get them.Nothing on the menu is bad. I feel like this is the best chain sandwiches in the USA. I love their roast beef and pepperoni sandwiches Mikes Way. But their best sub is there Roast Beef Turkey Club (with mayo) MIkes Way. Their bread is something that Subway needs to notes on. The price is a bit higher than most places, but its worth it.I am not being bias since I am from NJ... Ok, maybe I am.What are you doing.... GO EAT!!!!
1	so the man taking my hubby's order mentions that he should have a veggie sand...why you may ask?  cause he's overweight.  worst customer service ever.  NEVER WILL BE BACK.  this is no joke.  seriously now.  this really happened.
5	Wow, just tired the special hot sandwich (they called it the "Oliver Special")... simply amazing!  I've been going to this store for lunch a while and pretty much everything on the menu is awesome, but this one was worth Yelping about.  Meats and cheeses are sliced for you when you order.  Costs a bit more than Subway but worth it!  will be back!
5	They are always consistently good sandwiches. There was a little issue the other day in which they couldn't make me the sandwich I wanted, so they comped me a substitute. That's the way to take care of your customers!
2	Food is ok, but the obnoxious loudmouths behind the counter insure I will take my sub business elswhere.
4	I've always been a fan of Jersey Mike's coming from Seattle. I was pleasantly surprised to find this location so close to home. Not much to say specifically about this particular outlet other than the service is friendly, and it seems like their bread is always a tad fresher than elsewhere. I'm a regular now and haven't had a bad experience here yet.
3	This place recently re opened. I love their beef sandwiches, but please please PLEASE starting cooking your beef better! Before it used to be all red and juicy and moist, like the perfect beef which set you apart to all other places, now its barely pink, overcooked and sometimes dry! I love you guys and how you used to cook it, but cook the beef for less time!
1	I had a very interesting experience at this location!  The girl behind the counter had a sense of humor, but it was a touch on the... ghetto side.  When I got done ordering my food she looks at me and simply says "No, you can't have that".  Ok, funny, ha ha.  Give me my f#$%ing sandwich.  I ordered the Buffalo Wrap.  Now, I admit, I am not formally trained in sandwich manufacturing, but this item did not sound like rocket science.  Apparently I was wrong.  17 minutes later, and a really entertaining bickering session back and forth by the staff, my masterpiece arrives.  The wrap had a decent flavor - a bit heavy on the Buffalo sauce, but whatever.  They are getting 2 stars only because the wrap was good.  Not for service, not for humor.  Best part is there was an older gentleman that ordered behind me that did not appreciate the "you can't have a sandwich" comedy skit and got into a bit of an arguement with the employee... to which she actually tried to defend herself.Sorry, you get one shot - I won't be back.
3	Just got done doing some Christmas shopping and wanted to get a quick dinner for myself and the kids. I hadn't had Jersey Mike's for a while, so we decided to stop in. I go the #17 cheesesteak, my two oldest split a #13 Italian, and my youngest got the ham n cheese kids meal. Wasn't too bad, but wasn't as good as I remember it being. It is still better than Firehouse or Capriottis though. I guess I am just biased towards toasted subs and it is hard to find a good one in Las Vegas.
3	I'm giving this place 3 stars just because the services was just amazing. From the manager to the sandwich artist, to the cashier or the guy that cleans the floor, they were all very friendly and attentive.  Their sandwiches are not bad, but nothing I cannot make at home ( and I cannot cook).. to be honest subway is a lot better. However, If you are a simple person that do not care about especial flavors then I would recommend you to become part of their club as you can obtain a free sub after you purchase 11 or something like that..
3	First off, the bread is damn good. Yum. Seriously. Now, I bet the meaty subs are all so very great- my boyfriend says so, which is why he comes here, and took me here to try it. I got the Veggie sub. Sans veggies...apparently. It comes with a mountain of cheese- which is good, I love cheese, but the 'veggie' part is tomato, lettuce, peppers, and onions. That's it. That's all. A cheese and lettuce sub is really what it is, since the rest they are very stingy on.They have a veggie wrap that has mushrooms in it. Why can't they put those on the sub?!The lady we got mumbled, horribly, to the point where I had to keep asking "What?" and get a look from her. In the words of Johnny Depp as Willy Wonka..."MUMBLER!"The quality is really good, the bread, cheese, everything is very fresh tasting, but I do not like that their Veggie sub is laking in veggies.
4	Yep, they are fast, friendly and delicious. I finally got my Italian Sub in a Tub, Mike's Way. I was a happy little lady! The store is clean and bright. They make their own meats and cheeses, which is impressive. For a chain, and the fact that I'm a persnickity when it comes to any Italian food, it does the job. Subway, you have been replaced.
4	Help! I am in parking HELL!  This parking lot is ridiculous shared with a Baja Fresh and a Starbucks so you can just imagine pure chaos.  So if you park your car safely and get in the door without being ran over its all downhill from there.  As soon as I walked through the door today I was greeted with a smile and a welcome from one of the employees that is cleaning in the seating area.  I've been to this location so many times and its funny because every time I am in there someone is cleaning or stocking the napkins therefore I can say this place is CLEAN!So as I walk up to the counter to order, again I am greeted with a smile.  Man is it me or are these people frickin happy to work here?  Anyways, I order our sandwiches.  I ordered the turkey and provolone sub.  The "mini" is not all that mini...I would say its over 6 inches.  Totally enough and so filling.  The bread here is delish.  Its made fresh, kinda flaky and soft.  Definitely one of the best things about their sandwiches.  This time I tried their red pepper relish instead of mayo because I was told its FF-Fat Free and its a little spicy.  I like me some spicy and it gives it almost an Italian dressing taste.  Pretty yummy-I probably will order that the next time too.  The meat and cheese is sliced fresh in front of you and layered onto your sub.  They definitely do not skimp on ingredients I must say.  Huge plus.  So as I was checked out I had two guys getting the order together for me.  Over and beyond...do I feel so special.  hehe  I counted at least 5 employees working which is a lot considering how small this place is.  Guess they don't skimp on ingredients or customer service.  They are on top of everything.  I like it...I like it a lot!On a side note I have had their chicken cheese steak which is delish.So what I have noticed each time I have been here:Someone is always cleaning the table areas (awesome)Everyone is always smiling and willing to help (nice break from work)Bread is freakin fresh as well as the ingredients (yummmay)and the parking still sucks. (Grrrrr)  minus 1 starSee ya next time.
4	I had never been to Jersey Mike's before so when I walked in and saw them carving/ shaving (however it is you say it lol) their meats to order.. I thought that was just so darn cool.. I've never seen that at a chain sandwich shop before.. Even their veggies were constantly being replenished in small batches so it made everything seem fresh.. We tried the Buffalo Chicken & the Club Supreme wheat wraps & both were yummy! What made this trip 4 star worthy was the service.. All the line workers were polite, friendly, fast and even addressed everyone as sir & ma'am.. The manager in the white top was super nice too~ HOT TIP: you can make any sub into a wrap for the same price~
4	This is really a 4.5 star review. I love Jersey Mike's! When I walked in there were plenty of smiling faces and friendly employees. The taste of the food is important obviously, but customer service goes a long way and this location delivers when it comes to both of those things.When looking at the menu board I was having the hardest time deciding what to order. So many of the subs were something that I would eat. The cool thing about that is, there will be something new I can try out when I go back, so I could end up with a few favorites to rotate between. They offer a "Sub in a Tub" for those of you who do not like your meat between bread. You can just pick any sandwich on the menu and they will make it the same way they would on a sandwich, but put it in a bowl minus bread for you. They have a variety of "Wraps" to choose from. The sandwich sizes are mini (4 1/2 inches), regular (7 1/2 inches), and giant (15 inches) and the bread options are wheat or white. The bread is baked fresh at each location. One of the workers suggested "The Original Italian" since it was their most popular sub. It sounded delicious so hubby and I decided to split one of those. The giant for this sandwich was priced at $11.95 and then it jumped to $13.95 before tax with the addition of extra cheese. It had provolone, ham, prosciuttini, cappacuolo, salami and pepperoni. Jersey Mike's uses quality meats and slices it fresh right in front of you. I ordered it "Mike's Way" which means they add onions, lettuce, tomatoes, vinegar, oil and spices. The sandwich was very good! I will order this one in the future for sure. The flavors all melded so well together.I was very impressed with the knowledge of the employees. The sandwiches on the menu that are numbers 43 and 56 have meaning. The number 43 is the football jersey of the CEO. Apparently he started working for Jersey Mike's (the original on the jersey shore) when he was a teen and ended up buying it later on and shaping it into what it is today. The number 56 is a nod to the year the first Jersey Mike's opened up.They offer a "Shore Points" reward program. You can sign up and use a card or just give your phone number when ordering to accumulate points towards free sandwiches. Parking can be very frustrating at this location. It is tight in this area so please just be careful.You can also place your order online or by phone.Catering is available and they have a few different options for that.Sign up for the e-club to get discounts.Be hungry and ENJOY!
5	For someone who doesn't eat out a lot this place is awesome. Staff is very friendly for a small shop, and you can tell they took the time to make my hot sandwich fresh. Great little atmosphere as well.
4	These subs are actually pretty tasty. The bread is the key. Not much else to say .If you want a change from the usual pizza or chinese food this is a nice alternative.
5	Honestly, best sandwich / sub place. I was driving around all day taking care of some personal affairs and I decided to stop in for the first time and give it a try. Great little place. Awesome friendly staff, great food, friendly people and a great clean location. Honestly if you have not tried it, you should take the time to stop in and try. Thank You Jersey Mike's for a great experience and great food.Will be back for sure.Sincerely:Charlie.
4	As I was eating my sandwich from here for dinner last night I remembered how I am amazed a sandwich that tastes so good comes from a chain. Jersey Mike's can't be compared at all with Subway or Port of Subs. I had the Original Italian and it tasted great. One time at band camp... oops I mean at Subway they were out of every bread except for wheat so I went with it and surprisingly liked it so I asked for wheat bread this last time and really liked it. The workers are cool and make your food in front of you and get it out quick. You can sign up for their rewards program and earn free food with purchases.
5	Ohhhhhhhhhhh about this place, I can write & write million little things about jersey Mikes. MY ALL TIME FAVORITE SUB PLACE IN THE WHOLE Wide world lol. My favorite, the Club Tuna & the Italian. The best way is the Mikes Way, I just really wish they didn't have so many different ppl working there. I feel like the employees can be a lil bit more professional but the subs comes out looking delicious & tasty. I have been going to this jersey mikes for last 4 years & I have seen customer service went from bad to good. I swear the food saves this place guarantee every time.
4	Their subs are really great so instead of just saying that I want to add a couple details. When I walked in, the guy at the counter was watching tv and didn't look at me for about a minute. When he did turn to me he was very friendly and I had a great turkey sub. I have to point out though that for the money, you don't get a very big sandwich. Compared to some of the other sub places in town I would say this was the most expensive for what you get. Can't argue with the sub though!
5	i am picky with sandwich shops, mainly cuz the heavy skimping done by other brands out there. this specific location of jersey mikes in boca park tho never skimps on anything. i normally always get the italian mikes way with extra juice, i've never had a sandwich from this location that wasn't overflowing with delicious meat and toppings. i always seem to be greeted happily, and more then normally biting into it within minutes of ordering it.  most sandwich shops flood their sandwiches with veggies and sauces to give you that flavor boost, at jersey mikes its the meat that gives you this wonderful slap of flavor right across your face, the veggies just add onto the flavor of the meat, not mask it like others...
4	Under new ownership, food is still great, the store is cleaner with a much more clean cut staff. Downside with new staff is a lack of "every body knows your name" feel the old crew had, but give them some time.
5	Friendly Clean Looking staff. Always my favorite sandwhich! Food is fresh, and I appreciate this location takes pride in the employees appearance. I know there are new owners, and it shows! Great work! !
3	My first visit to a Jersey Mike's Subs and I am not sure if I am entirely sure if I like it or not. The sandwich was decent, just ok. The service was nice enough and basic for a sandwich joint. The parking lot is small and they share it with a Starbucks, so it gets pretty crowded during peak times.
