4	New Transit Hub downtown to replace the old DTC near the old city hall. everything downtown is moving lol. This is a huge upgrade from the old facility. Nice open are for the busses, plenty of waiting passenger space inside the building as well as outside in an open area with plenty of seating. Customer Service is available as well as restrooms, Coke vending machines, and a large bike repair area with plenty of lock stations. Overall it is a very nice facility that reflects the downtown revitialization well and will be a nice asset to the transit sysyem as it continues to grow in Las Vegas.
4	This facility is an attempt to put the homeless farther from the central downtown area. A very well lit and patrolled compound provides anybody security from the waves of deadly flesh eating zombies. Take a bus in take a bus out. Bicycling is also an option, the bike center has everything you need. Do not wander into the surrounding area unprepared.
3	I had to stop at the Bonneville Transit Center today to pick up an ID card.  Wow!  What a nice facility.  I was never in the old DTC and I can only guess that it couldn't compare with the BTC.I have yet to ride an RTC bus.  I'm not sure if I'll ever be back here, but it is nice for those people that depend on the bus for getting about Las Vegas.
3	Getting to learn the transit system in Vegas, and getting acclimated to the various 'denizens' and citizens who ride it has been our own little slice of HELL.  What has made the ordeal bearable for the first 90 days we've been here? The Bonneville Transit Center, THAT'S what.We were used to pretty nice looking transit stations where we came from, and from the very first moment I set eyes on it, I was anything but disappointed.  Clean, sleek, ultra-modern, well-lit and (for the most part) well-patrolled, the station itself is an oasis in the desert - literally, and I mean the "HUMAN' desert, in this case. The Bike Shop was incredible. John, the attendant, really knows his stuff and is a great guy in addition to being a savvy salesman.  I only went there when I met him to LOOK at some bikes.  I never expected to 'ride' away with one, and one that he helped me select that perfectly suited a fiftysomething-year-old who hadn't been on one since Huffy still made them in the good ol' U.S. of A.!John and the Bike Shop, and some of the nicer employees and security people are the reason why this gets an extra star, though. As it has been commented on previously, the people at the customer service desk seem to have little more to offer than snotty, nasty attitudes...that kind of nose-in-the-air vibe that says: "I'm doing YOU a favor just by bothering to serve you!" Hey, customer service people...DON'T quit your day job! Wait...on second thought, since this IS your day job, maybe you SHOULD quit!There's also a few security people guilty of the same kind of thing, but I suppose with some of the virulent cray-cray nutcases they deal with everyday, both on AND off the buses, I guess it takes its toll. In any case, the Station itself and the Bike Shop will continue to be my reasons for WANTING to come back, instead of simply returning because I have to as part of my travels.
3	Good Customer Service here, 4 Stars on that point, 1.5 stars for the restrooms, and 3 stars for the rest. The restrooms are kept fairly clean but are almost always out of soap. They also have a nice locker area located inside the Bike shop that they have here. The Bus set up is daunting at first, but actually makes a lot of since once you get used to it. Security is always present, and the Police presence tends to be heavy in this area. Very Safe.
4	Very easy bus system to use in vegas. It could be a little bit better lit up at night
5	Timely busses and security is always quick to help me find the right bus. They even walked me to my last bus just to make sure I made it in time. Thank you!
4	Very nice station! Very clean and I am so glad to see lots of security, who are very helpful if you are lost; which I was! The reason why no 5 stars, the stations needs to have larger print signs and signs that have the bus designations on one board for the patrons! Other than, this, I have met great customer service by the security and the drivers.
