5	If I have my choice of theaters, I'll come here every time.  Granted, it doesn't hurt that it's so close to where I live--but convenience isn't the only benefit.  You get the benefits of a large theater (stadium seating, all the latest blockbusters) without the long lines, noise, and crowding that can make movie going so unpleasant.  This is by far the cleanest theater I've seen in Charlotte (though only time will tell how well it will age).  There's plenty of parking and the seats are very comfortable.  They have sprinkled LCD monitors throughout the main area, which give it a bit of an upscale feel.  Got time to kill before an evening movie?  Hit up one of the nearby bars (Red Lion, Wild Wing) or restaurants (Salsa's, Portofinos), all within walking distance of the theater.  Or, come here for a matinee and there's a good chance you'll have the theater to yourself!
5	Very clean and very comfortable theater, non-matinee movies are $8.50 and the concession stand (if you must) is the usual highway robbery. The "stadium-style" seats are well cushioned and they aren't crushed together and the stairs are not steep at all..Plenty of good food within walking distance - Salsa's, Saffron, Wild Wing Cafe and a burger joint called "Eat Here Now".Parking is plentiful and more is coming with a deck nearly complete. It's reasonably well lit and I understand there is private security during the weekend evenings.It can be a little difficult to find since the whole neighborhood is new and your GPS might not have it. From Tryon Blvd, go south from I-485. It is the very next traffic light. Turn left.
4	I used to live by this place and still somewhat do, but tonight was the first time I went to this theater.  I had passes for an advance screening of True Grit.  We arrived about an hour early since this movie has been getting great reviews.  The parking was easy enough but getting into Ayrsley was the usual pain in the butt.  The theater is large and clean.  The seats are comfortable and the top row of seats has plenty of leg room for my 6'4" frame.  The heat was cranked up to a hundred degrees before the movie started (maybe to sell more ice cream and Icees?) but they adjusted it.  Concession prices were high but not as high as Regal.  I'd go back to this theater if it was easier to get to, closer to my house, and offered a good loyalty program like Regal.  Another plus is that it didn't seem to be infested with teenagers, other than the ones working.
5	This is one of the cheapest movie theaters I've ever been to. The maintee is $5! You can't beat that! The concession stand is not that bad, i always get the $5 nachos and a drink; which usually spoiles my appetite cuz I've eaten so much. Its also a comfortable theater, nice and roomy, usually the right temperature and they offer 3D movies. I've seen a bunch of movies here! Its never really packed, so that means no long lines or over crowded theaters! Its also about 10mins from my house, so it gets 2 thumbs up from me!
4	It's a clean, comfortable, well-staffed movie theater with plenty of new releases. There are plenty of foodie options near by and parking was a breeze. But the best part?! $5 matinees. And a matinee at THIS theater is *any day before 4 pm.* I think my head just exploded. That's really all you need to know. The only downside? No Fandango online ticket ordering...but frankly, after learning about the $5 matinee pricing, it's no big thang.
4	Nicole had me at, "$5 before 4pm." Everyday! Seriously?! Serious. It is a great theater and parking is plentiful. It's worth the drive and it's in a beautiful area. The center has been designed to look like a little southern village. Very clean, bright, and looks like they have fun shops and restaurants there.The popcorn is freshly popped and tasted like movie popcorn should! Unfortunately for me, their Icee machine was on the fritz the day I went. In retrospect, that was a good thing. I didn't need an extra pound of sugar in my system that day anyway.The seats are comfortable and clean. Bonus. The employees are friendly too. If the line is too long out front, run inside to the kiosk; you won't get an additional charge to use this and it can be a tad faster if you're running behind.Thanks, Ayrsley! Date night has become more affordable...well, make that date afternoon.
4	The wife and I love coming here on Sunday's! $5 movie and $5 popcorn. Just as close as some of the other theaters near us, but the price is so much better. Theater seating is nice with rockers on the chairs. Make sure to bring the sunglasses with you though, as leaving a dark theater into the blazing sun stings the eyeballs!
4	Cheapest theatre in town, 5 bucks before 2pm...even for new releases..I wont see movies anywhere else!
2	Decent enough movie theater if you decide to go during the day, but forget about it if you go at night and to see the new release of a popular movie.My wife and I went to see Paranormal Activity 3 last night. Unfortunately, we only got to hear about 1/3 of the movie for the constant running commentary and unnecessary screaming. When I complained to the management that they needed to get the audience under control, the response I received from a Charlotte police officer was "what do you want me to do, there's 250 of them in there". When I spoke to the manager, her response was, "what do you expect on opening night of a horror movie; there's nothing I can do to stop it". Furthermore, the officer then stated, "This is why we recommend that normal adults who actually want to see the movie don't come out on opening weekend."When another member of the audience asked for a refund for the same reason, the theater manager stated, "We don't give refunds. If the audience was being disruptive, you could have come and told us." This was AFTER she said there was nothing they could, or would, do about it.
2	I lived close to this place.... I used to vist often... buttttttttt the prices changed and now... NOT SO MUCH..I UNLIKE some ppl dont go on opening night expecting a crowd at the local Opera.         -----     5 before 4pm. (when do you ppl work...lol)    -----------I would come here, then  walk around to Wild Wings!I just travel 6 mins (485) to AMC and spend 5buck before 6pmI'll right a reveiw on AMC as well!!Cheer's
5	Took my niece to see an afternoon movie and was pleasantly happy to see the matinee pricing and the super clean theatre.  The chairs are super comfortable (almost TOO comfortable...lol) and the staff from the ticket counter to the snack counter were all friendly and helpful.  Great location and exceptional experience!  Will definitely return!
4	Clean and nice but expensive
4	The matinee (before 4pm) $5 ticket price is great. The seats are comfortable and the auditorium incline is nice. Also, the screen is clean and free of distracting imperfections like many other Charlotte theaters.
4	Nice theater in the Ayrsely community.  I really like how this is within walking distance to the town home and apartment community.  It really makes it convenient!The theater was nice and very easy to navigate to your theater.  It's very new, so it has that "new" feel to it. If you have a military or student ID, don't be afraid to show it! They give discounts. And if you need a snack, there are plenty of places within walking distance of this place.  If you are staying at the Homewood Suites, this is a short walk away.
4	I visit this theater at least once a week. I keep going back because it's clean and the popcorn is good and the staff is friendly and the pricing is good and the seats are comfy and ...I like movies. Parking here can be a pain. Maybe because it's summer and everyone is at the theater & I think they share that lot with some of the surrounding businesses.Anyway, it's not enough of an issue to make me go somewhere else.All that good stuff at the first bit, though? Yeah.
3	If you can figure out how to pronounce the name of the place - or if you even care - this is a pretty decent theater. Or theatre. Even better, it's a cinema, so you don't have to worry about it.The only real problem that I have with the place is that they are a bit of a bear to get to for me, and that makes it a challenge. There are not too many places that are more remote, but this one can be rough, being on the other side of Carolina Place - that traffic can be absolutely horrible at the wrong time of day.Once you're actually there, the other problem is the parking. There is a nice lot right in front, but signs direct you to the parking deck. It's not that the parking deck is far, but the lot in front is so much nicer.
3	Typical theatre. I enjoy the garlic parmasean pretzels though the last time I was there they didn't have them. Parking is a pain because when they built that area they just didn't have enough spots for all of the surrounding businesses. So I personally stear clear of this place on the weekends.
4	Nice theater! Free refill on popcorn. Seats are pretty comfy.
4	I definitely enjoy coming to this theater. It's located in what I like to call the "mini city" called Ayrsley...they have lots of good stuff over here! There are restaurants, shops, a YMCA and of course this theater. It's kind of hidden in the back but it's totally worth it because it's a small theater which is a favorite of mine...because I feel like the less people...the better the experience.Also, I really like the seats here! They rock back so that's a nice touch. The concession stand is typical for all theaters, but like preview reviews have said the kid's box is the way to go if you are not super hungry but just have to get something....because...well the smell of popcorn is simply irresistible. The only qualm I have here is the parking. Even though it's a small theater...go at the wrong time and you will be parking FAR away. The good news is that way behind the Strayer building...there's some additional parking. So just make sure to wear comfy shoes....and enjoy your movie!
5	Best theater in the area!Their prices cannot be beat!  $5 matinees before 4:00!  3D $3 extra per ticket.  Good selection of movies. Good concessions.  Nice employees.  Clean theaters.
3	I am somewhat of a self-proclaimed movie "snob" since I was a projectionist in college and helped run the campus cinema (one theater, but we showed everything).  I'm pretty particular how and where I watch my movies.  Don't get me wrong, I will watch a movie anywhere, but how the movie is delivered definitely contributes to the overall movie-going experience.I know this place is fairly new ("new" to me since I don't find myself on this side of town too often), but I felt like the theater had aged too quickly - almost like it was smoking 10 packs of cigs a day.  Something about it didn't feel right... the bathrooms (had nice finishes, but not too terribly clean).  Maybe I just caught them on an "off" day, but an untidy theater is really off-putting to me.The movie was over all was fine... the seats left something to be desired.  Stadium seating, but narrow rows so if you have some neighbors with small bladders like I did, your feet got a steping on.  I think I may just be spoiled with the trendy theaters around town that serve alcohol and food to you while you watch, but would I go out of my way to watch a movie here?  Probably not...
5	Big movie theater, not crowded at all. I practically had the whole theater to myself. Comfy seats, big screen, great sound.
2	You would think they would turn the air conditioning on!! Everyone was sweating and hot inside our theater. It is July- we don't want to come in from the heat only to pay to be very uncomfortable while trying to enjoy a movie. It's too bad because the theater itself is nice and I would have liked to come back.
5	Retro horror movies in October is probably the best thing ever.  While I was down visiting my mom and sisters, we came here twice for their Retro Horror series.  It was fun to see their decorations for the individual movies, like the nightgown covered in pea soup for the exorcist, and the cardboard cutout covered with a sheet and glasses for Halloween.  The movies, even though I'd seen them probably a hundred times before, were scarier when seen in the darkened theater on the big screen.  Totally worth the money.The theater itself was very clean, large, with friendly employees and really reasonable ticket prices.  I'll definitely be back to this theater when I come back to Charlotte!
4	I came to see The Butler and at least six other movies over the course of 2013.  Each of my visits here were pretty much the same, EXTRAORDINARY.... WHILE I'm not a fan of theater popcorn and other refreshments pricing,  I found the prices consistent with other movie theaters..   It's wonderful to have a local neighborhood movie theater of this quality only a stone throw away
2	Theater was nice and a change from the mega-theaters. Unfortunately, I received a gift card to the theater. Went to redeem....staff says there is zero balance. I ask if they can pull a summary of the charges on the card. They can't. I'm not sure if it's a software or staff issue, but I would advise against buying gift cards as there is apparently no way for the staff or you to check once it's been purchased. Management seemed to not care that my friend just flushed $30 on a useless card.
5	This is my second weekend in Charlotte. I decided to close the day with a movie. ( I chose Neighbors with Seth Rogen and Zac Efron.) This was a very pleasant theatre. I just missed the matinee.( My show started at 4:30; matinee ends at 4 pm.) Everyone seemed to be having a great time. It was very clean. No rudeness or mayhem. I'll come back if a good movie comes out before I leave Charlotte.
4	Fairly new movie theater with very comfortable chairs that tilt back and have nice headrests. Parking in the evenings is a nightmare, especially on the weekends (why I gave 4/5 stars). They're not an AMC or Regal theater, so you can't use any loyalty programs. However, you can't beat their matinee prices at $5.00--even on the weekends.
2	have been to this place several times and there always seems to be a problem.  most of the time the sound is only on behind the screen and is too low.  this time just spent 2 hours in a sauna because the AC wasn't working.  went to manager and was told that the system was broken but they didn't see how letting people know as they purchased ticket would be a good idea.  the place is new so its clean and the seats aren't broken but they apparently don't know how to run the place as a theater.  I'm never going back and will suffer the extra 10 miles to go elsewhere.  avoid this place.
1	Went to see X-men in 3D and the movie clarity was pathetic. It's was really bad that I want to walk out after first 5 min. They said that it's digital 3D, but they gave us the Real3D glass (maybe bcoz digital 3D glasses are expensive). Result: I got eye pain bcoz of terrible quality. Sound was also not good enough. The also didn't switch on the AC for a very long time. I have seen 2D movies in this theater and it was fine. But, it is unethical to say that it's digital 3D and provide some crappy stuff bcoz of cost cutting. If they can't afford it, why they are even releasing a 3D movie in this theater? This theater might deserve more than one star but since they are been unethical, I will stick with the lowest rating. AMC is just 10 min away and I will never visit this theater again
4	Honestly I was really surprised by how much  I liked this theater. The seats are comfortable and roomie and the prices are actually lower than most places. It's a movie theater without any tunics etc so there isn't much else to comment on really. Just a really good place with cheaper prices ( very clean!!). Oh also they do show some Bollywood movies which I think is awesome :-)
5	I read many of the other reviews - good and bad - and was surprised by some of the negative comments.  But, that's the beauty of Yelp!  I have lived in 6 different states and visited many movie theaters.  Ayrseley is simply the best!  We have seen at least 10-15 movies here and our experience is always 5 stars. My wife talked me into going to SMG last night in uptown.  Neat idea but horrible place.  The whole time I was there - spending way too much money - all I kept thinking is... " We should have gone to Ayresely.  Ayrseley's matinee prices are fantastic and even a night movie isn't bad.  Prices have gone up a couple of nucks over the past few years though. Have your kids show their student id's for a discount.Food is good - not fantastic but still decent. I think the combo special of 2 drinks and popcorn with endless refills is a very good deal.  Especially the way my kids eat popcorn!Keep up the good work Ayrseley!
