4	I've been here twice during my busy lunch break, and I've been very happy with the service.  The price is also great.  I really love the 3 veggy sides; I usually do the macaroni and cheese, house salad and french fries.  You can't beat that for $5.99!  I'm also very impressed with how fast and attentive the servers are during this busy time.  I found the host to be friendly and quick to seat us as well.  I would come back any time for lunch!
4	I always receive good service here, went yesterday around lunch time and was seated promptly.  Food came out in a very decent time frame.  2 entrees and an appetizer for only $20 YOU CAN  NOT BEAT IT!  And the food was excellentAlso, there is karaoke until around 2am, I'm not sure exactly what nights besides Friday's and Saturdays, but it's always entertaining!Check the location out for sure :)
2	I have been to this location 2 times during lunch because it is close to my work. I didn't think the service was that great either time. The food is good though. I will probably be back to this location unfortunately because there is not much around this area to eat when you only get an hour for lunch.
2	I went on Thursday which is Kareoke night loud and drinks are 1/2 price. Food isn't any good though
3	No more breadstick for you ...  My co-worker and I went  to Applebee's for lunch, it was after 1, so we figured the rush would be gone. We each ordered the USS (unlimited soup and salad). While we were eatting our server asked if we wanted to have another go around of soup and salad, while I love love soup, I am not big on salad, so I said I would have soup and another breadstick, he said sorry we are only allowed to give one breadstick per USS deal. What? Really? Yep, if you want unlimited breadsticks you better head east to Olive Garden.I will say that it is a good deal for the $6.99 price, if you are a salad fanatic, then you will love the 8 varieties to choose from and the cup of soup is a hearty portion.
1	This food sucks. I would rather spend 20 cents on ramen noodles because I would end up happier. Even when a coworker drags you here just pass on putting any of this in your mouth. No matter how hungry you are!
2	slow slow slow ... turtle or snail slow service
3	The Applebee's on Elliot is a Big NO for me. Service is very slow & they didn't even give me the correct amount of food I paid for! I will say that I do go to the Applebee's on 24th & Baseline quite frequently. It's good for a quick drink, food is average, service is ok! Like going during non-busy hrs to avoid the crowd. Drink of choice is the Blue Moon or Long Island Iced Tea
1	Horrible... I ordered car side to go because I was in a hurry and thought it would be a good way to save time. I placed my order with a server who didn't know anything about the menu or lunch specials. I was told my order would be ready at 1:30 and asked what type of vehicle I drive. Pulled up in the car side spot around 1:40 and continued to sit in my car and wait another 8 minutes. Finally walked in the side door to a server who was standing there talking on the phone. He acknowledged me while still on the phone and I told him I was picking up an order to go. He looked at a few tickets and didn't bother to check the bag that was sitting right in front of him, said it would be a few minutes and then moved to another station to get on a personal phone call. Waiting another couple of minutes another server came out bringing drinks and asked what I needed. Finally he was able to get me my food that was sitting at the station the whole time. I let him know I was out there waiting 10 minutes and that there was another car there waiting too. This is just ridiculous whats the point of car side. I may be able to understand if it was busy but the place was dead and servers seem to care more about their personal phone calls then their customers agenda.
1	Horrible! Waited 40 minutes on a Wednesday at 2 pm. there was a line out the door and only 3 tables were taken. no one came up to us for 15 minutes and he was rude and dirty. waitress was rude and had dirty fingernails. she kept sighing and grunting and would just throw stuff on our table. hamburger was served raw. Literally RAW. Won't even go on about it. Ruined appledbees for me forever. Stay AWAY!
3	It's applebees what can you expect. The server had too many tables, the drinks were slow due to the bartender serving too many guests. I sort of expect it though. That's why I normally sit at the bar and will from now on. The Happy hour is nice though.
5	I always love a trip to the neighborhood Applebee's in South Phoenix when I'm in town. The recent remodel looks great. Service, drinks, and food were excellent tonight!!!
1	Dropped my daughter off at her in laws house in South Phoenix and my son and I had some time to kill before we had to pick her back up, and I wasn't into driving back into Chandler. I asked my son if he wanted to go visit our old Applebee's.  We use to live in South Phoenix for 8 years, and Applebee's on 24th st & Baseline became like a family/friend hang out for us.So off we went, it was 7pm on St Patty's Day but only had a 15 min wait, which we thought was pretty cool.  When we got to our booth, we talked about the times we had been there , and how one time my son was just being a jerk and the rest of us were starving and he only ordered celery, it was fun talking about the old memories.We went with the 2 for 20 deal, and the food tasted great, our service was friendly and fast, it was the end of the meal and we just paid and then my son looked down on the floor and just said oh my, I looked at him because he doesn't say that that much and I said whats going on,  he said mom, just move fast and lets leave a mouse just ran by our feet...I said WHAT!! He said yes, it was this big showing me with his hands and said just move carefully and lets go, let me tell you I wanted to puke my dinner up right then....but I didn't, I left the tip, because she was good, and we left.Yes I did tell Patrick the Kitchen Manger that my son had saw a mouse, he told me that they come from across the street and that he will notify his pest control guy.BUT OMG!!! I hate mice, I will not be coming back, I know it happens more often than I would like to know about, this was a place that held some fun memories for us, but I am not looking to go back any time soon.
4	Food at Applebees tis just okay, got their soup and salad which is a good deal.  Caylee was our server and she was great so that is why they got 4 stars!
2	Ok for a quick lunch. The server was nice, but the food was average at best.
1	If I could go negative, I would and I am usually a big fan of Applebee's! Had the same experience with the gift card fiasco as someone else reviewing and it didn't impress me.  Called in car side yesterday and showed up at time they said.  Sat in my car with another customer beside me for over 5 mins, no one came out. I called the store and they sent someone out to get my name and order!! Um, didn't you get all that PLUS make n color when I ordered?!? He had to then go back in to get it.  I was livid by now so I just gave him the cash and drove off.  Never again will I go to this one.  I will drive outta my way next time...
1	Awful experience. My girlfriend and I just wanted a quick bite that wouldn't make us feel like crap, so we fell for the Applebee's ad for low calorie options. We got there and we're seated near the door despite there being plenty of room in the restaurant. They seated a man who appeared to be homeless and providing his own beverage choices (he poured a clear liquid into his water glass). We didn't get to order for about 15 minutes. We both ordered an under 500 calorie meal and neither of us finished it. It looked like a diet microwave meal dumped on the plate. Some of the shrimp were overcooked and rubbery while others were undercooked and translucent.  Not going back, even though it is just down the street.
1	Applebees is a restaurant that serves American style food, such as burgers and salads and soups.  The food is mediocre and not the highest quality that I have ever had.  I went out to dinner with two friends before a movie we were going to see.  We had arrived an hour and a half earlier then the movie would start ensuring we would have enough time to eat and make it to the movie on time.  We were seated in a decent amount of time.  The server took about 20 minutes to come over to take our drink orders.  Once we had ordered, she came back 30 minutes later with our drinks.  At this point we were a little frustrated with the service.  We asked if we could order right away because we had a movie to get to and she was aware of this.  She took our order and said it would be out shortly.  We waited for 40 minutes before we started to get impatient.  After about 55 minutes we grabbed another waitress, since ours was no where to be found and asked her what was taking so long.  She said she would go check on our food for us and came back to inform us that our order had not even been placed.  We were furious.  I immediately went and complained to the manager about how horrible the service we had received was and how our waitress had taken over an hour and had not even placed our order.  The manager apologized profusely and said that she would get our meals out right away and that they would be on the house.  We were so angry and disappointed in the service and once our food was finally brought out we were continually disappointed by the low quality of the food.  Once we had finally left the movie had already started and we were forced to wait until the next showing of the movie.  Ever since that experience at Applebees,  I have not been back to the establishment and will never recommend it to anyone.
1	This is the worst Applebees I've ever set foot in. So ghetto that they have a police officer that just hangs out in the restaurant, definitely something I don't want my children seeing. The staff is rude and disrespectful. Never will I set foot in here again. I can't believe corporate hasn't shut this place down yet.
1	Three of us went for lunch on a Sunday at 24th & Baseline. The place was pretty empty. We all ordered the all you can eat soup and salad.  It took forever to get our food so when the order finally came, we put in our second oder.  The next round finally came (which again, took forever)  and we did not get breadsticks this time.  I advised that we did not get breadsticks and we were told we only get one on the first order.  Please note, that if you read their menu, it states,  ALL you can eat, Soup, Salad AND Breadsticks.  They should read their own menu.  Won't go back. poor service, lack of knowledge.   They need a new training program/management team. I have experienced poor service at ALL Applebees.   usually a manager comes around and asks if everything is okay.  NO sign of a manager at all.
1	Toooooooo freaking bright ,  i am gettin lightbulb burn.   Servers sitting at the bar with their uniform.  The bartender took 8!minites to acknowled me.   Toooooooo bright! Not likelly to return :-(.
1	The good was TERRIBLE! In addition to that the service was even WORSE! No ice, the food was not cooked properly as well as it took forever for anything to finally make it to our table! We will never return to this particular place AGAIN!
2	This Applebee's is so crowd I hate going there. The wait is alway ridiculous. Which I don't really understand why. The food is bland and cold unless you get a skillet steak. The happy hour is okay bit even then it still classified as bar food at best. My recommendation is find another place.
1	Worst Applebee's ever, this location reminded me why I stopped eating at this chain period. First the wait for the food was long and they weren't even busy second we asked for medium rare on our sirloin and all our meat was well done. drinks never got refilled we ordered mixed drinks that took over 30 min to get. Oh and the manager asked us what kinda sauce we wanted and I guess he forgot to bring us the A1 cause he never came back. Our waitress wasn't attentive. Applebee's is not the spot like it use to be years ago. This location sucks take your business somewhere else!
3	Food is pretty much what you'd expect from Applebee's, can get pretty lod on certain  nights.  Michelle, Celeste, and Jen  are awesome  can't say enough  good things about them.  Manager  izzy is a real douchedbag though and  not very smart. However manager Patrick is awesome!   Check it out for your own opinion.
1	I was with my bae and the waiter asked us what we wanted I asked for a water and he looked at me like I was crazy sohe resumes asks my bf what he wants to drink he replied Pepsi and when I made my order of food he then looked at my bf asking him what he wanted he replied nothing the guy asked repeatedly if he was sure then gave him a dirty look like if he was poor but shitty service please don't go here
