4	I loved Moo Cafeteria and was sad to see it go. I was curious to see if The Blue Bear could fill the void and they have managed that difficult task.There are a lot of cafes in this area and you might wonder what set this place apart. Waffles and pancakes and all day brunch. Amazing. I love what they have done with the interior, nice and cosy with a lot of photos/art on the walls themed around Edinburgh and its surrounding areas. It is run by a very friendly and always smiling young couple.It was my second visit this morning to check out their takeaway breakfast roll for our Friday office roll (Well, that's my excuse). We have a winner. Very good Lincoln sausages in a possibly the best rolls in the area. Their coffee is from Illy and cakes from Lovecrumbs.
4	Following on from my Elite Event review (http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz/elite-event-yelps-brunner-the-blue-bear-edinburgh#hrid:zBpBuSai0klhs1pqXH2OzA), this place deserves it's own plaudits.Exactly what I would look for in somewhere for lunch, brunch or any other derivative of such a meal.They have board games and art for sale on the walls. Quality art at that. They have alcoholic options and a menu that is simple but holds pretty much all you could want from brunch. They have french toast and pancakes and waffles and eggs done a variety of ways. Bacon and berries and black pudding and sausage. Ooft!To top it off they have two of the friendliest founders the city could ask for. Hats off to Ben and Jemma for making the place as much about enjoying the experience and your time here, but also about quality grub.You'll see me again. Can't wait to try the Eggs Benny!
4	Went to the Blue Bear for a lunch with my work team a few weeks ago. As we were a group of 11, we had pre-booked and also decided to pre-order to save time. We were sat at a big table right at the back and my first impressions were that I like the decor and art on the walls. Second highlight was the complimentary vege crisps that were in a couple of bowls on the table.  They were absolutely delicious!  After eating at least half of one of the bowlfuls, I was then regretting that I had ordered more crisps in the form of vegetarian nachos.  I'm not vegetarian, but had eaten spaghetti bolognese the night before, so didn't feel like more mince.  Therefore I was surprised when my meal came and it looked like normal beef mince nachos.  I assume it was Quorn mince?  I was expecting just to get a bean/salsa mix.  It was nice, just not what I expected.  Came with a bit of guacamole and a what was described as a salsa sauce, but tasted like sweet chilli to me - was quite spicy.  I was extremely full after finishing.As the Blue Bear have an extensive all day breakfast menu, a couple of my colleagues got the waffles with bacon and maple syrup.  In comparison to our nachos, these were quite small dishes.  One guy was disappointed by the small helping of bacon and was not sold on the savoury and sweet combo.Some of the dishes that I saw being served to other diners looked great, so I'm tempted to go back again to try them out, especially seeing as it's right by my work.It is quite a small venue and other diners were mainly workers on their lunch break, but there was also a mother and child and an older couple.
5	I came here to enjoy a brunch that I won as a prize during a Yelp event.I had already had the chance to meet the owners and be impressed by their dedication and the philosophy behind their work: they put great care not only in providing the best food possible, but also in delivering the service in a friendly and enthusiastic way. Today I experienced the benefits of such philosophy put into practice: the staff were incredibly nice and ready to satisfy any request, they catered for me as a vegetarian and for my girlfirend who is also gluten free and often feels as if she is missing out considering the gluten-free options in most places. Not so at the Blue Bear.The brunch was very well presented, with generous portions and finely cooked food. It left me complitely satisfied, and definitely full.The prices in the menu are proportionate.The place is very clean and in a quite nice area.
5	Being the lucky girlfriend of the winner of the yelp art competition, Roberto, I got to accompany him for a free brunch at the blue bear. We picked the right day, it was incredibly sunny, and walking to our prize was a real pleasure. We got a booking at 11am. I called in advance the day before to check whether they could cater for my gluten intolerance. The answer: "of course!" We got the best seats, those right next to the window. Great for people watching... Unfortunately no people walked past as everyone was probably in the park! The staff on hand weren't Ben and Jemma who we met at the Yelp event, but they were equally friendly and attentive! We were told we could order anything from the menu... Difficult, considering how many things there are on offer: French toast, pancakes, waffles, granola, fruit, yogurt, English muffins, cereal, pastries... And so much more! Everything you could possibly want for breakfast!After taking a long look at the menu, we both decided to get the veggie breakfast. This was quite a novelty for me, as I have never had brunch, and don't usually go for British flavours. For Robbie this consisted of: Eggs (he had the choice to have them fried, poached or scrambled, he picked the latter), two veggie sausages, a potato scone, a piece of chunky (homemade-looking) toast, two grilled portobello mushrooms, 6 grilled tomatoes (still on the vine!), a veggie haggis, baked beans, a tea and an apple juice. I had the same, minus the apple juice, tea, bread, potato scone and haggis, add two slices of gluten free toast, an illy cappuccino and an orange juice. There were plenty of sauces available, I went for HP, Robbie went for butter and mayonnaise. When the food arrived I thought "I can do this, no problem!" As we began eating, we started feeling bad for having overestimated our abilities to chomp through this much food. I had a better advantage being without the potato scone and the notoriously heavy veggie haggis. Everything was cooked very well and in a healthy manner in comparison to some greasier joints in town. It was nice to not see so much oil on my plate! The sausages were delicious, I loved how the tomatoes came still on the vine, and the portobello mushrooms were also very good. I would like to know which gluten free bread they use, as I actually couldn't tell the difference between it and some gluten containing brands. There are plenty of seeds and it feels less sweet and more fiber-some than most. Giving myself a pause from eating, I took a walk around the cafe and checked out the Yelper art work, it really is on the wall! Eventually I was defeated by the eggs and half of the very generous serving of cappuccino, but managed everything else. Robbie, the winner, managed to eat everything. It did count as breakfast and lunch though... It's okay, we walked it off afterwards. Being such a beautiful day we decided to spend a couple of hours in the nearby Botanic garden.Having been here twice now, rest assured the blue bear is consistently good. We will definitely be coming back here to try out some other offerings from the menu, perhaps a good place to take some relatives or friends when they visit? I seriously love the way yelp introduces me to things I wouldn't usually try. If you fancy a very well prepared, relatively healthy breakfast/brunch, do try out the blue bear. The service here is really superb, as is the food.
3	Perfectly good place to sit a weary bum for an hour or two. I ordered tea and a tray bake and it arrived in good time. The teabag was a standard Twinings and I'm not sure if the tray bake was home-made or not, but it was also, you know, fine. The other half ordered a muffin and smoothie, but when the muffin arrived it looked a bit small and sad. As I didn't order any of the famed breakfast food, maybe a repeat visit would up my star ranking. But I probably wouldn't make an effort to come back here as it's not my side of town so the breakfast may have to wait. However, it's a nice enough stop and the staff were extremely friendly and accommodating, so a definite bonus for the customer service.
5	Friends listen up! You need not go any further for a better all day breakfast  or brunch experience. The Blue Bear is a cosy place. Original art on the wall (for sale). Free WiFi. They have ample seating in the front and back room. It may get busy, but to ensure a table you can also reserve your table. I like that they encourage you to have a playful time with the amount of games on offer. Trivial Pursuit anyone? Or Ludo?  I am also very pleased that they are willing to take on 'experimental' personal orders. I had the Waffles with (crispy!) Bacon & Maple Syrup  and added fresh banana and strawberries. (trust me that combination is awesome!) In addition I ordered a Bloody Mary and that was brilliantly spiced and served with all the required condiments. The prices are reasonable and I have now found my go to place for weekend scrumptions! - This is easily a place where you can take your friend, mum, family and sports team for hearty or sweet 'pick me up' or play some games. I. Like. A. Lot.
5	I have found it! The Blue Bear is officially now my favourite breakfast and brunch place in Edinburgh. There is stiff competition out there, but coming to the Blue Bear is an all-around fantastic experience.Let's start with the food. I love breakfast and, particularly, waffles and pancakes since I not only love the taste (including the great syrups, fruit or bacon you can add) but I also have fond memories of my Dad making waffles for us on weekend mornings. The Blue Bear is a fantastic locals' place and a family place that is buzzing with activity and diners eagerly awaiting their delicious meals or baked goods or coffees. I had the waffles with berry compote and my merry brunch companions had the full breakfast and eggs benedict. The full breakfast was absolutely huge, but it was perfectly done with delicious black pudding and sausage but also succulent, cooked tomatoes still on the vine. The eggs benedict looked great but was a bit overshadowed by the full breakfast calling my attention on the other side of me, and by my beautiful waffles that called 'eat me!' The waffles were gorgeous and I could go on and on about the berry compote! It was delicious and I have to say I worked hard to restrain myself from licking the plate clean.Besides the fabulous food, the Blue Bear has a great ambiance to it. The couple who owns the place are really sweet and extremely dedicated to the Blue Bear. They work hard to make sure every customer enjoys their experience and the food. I also loved how they work with local artists to display beautiful artwork that is for sale, as well as featuring some invaluable artwork by fellow Yelpers! This brings home the overall theme of the Blue Bear that, for me, it represents not only a fantastic new business with great food but it is also a locals' place that is community-oriented.
5	I have been back to the Blue Bear twice since my original review, so after trying a couple more dishes and being able to see the yummy dishes that other Yelpers ordered at brunch today, I'm upping my rating from 4 to 5!French toast with creme fraiche and berries was on the menu for me today and it went down a treat.  Perfect size and a nice amount of berries - lip smacking good.  I didn't order a drink today, but could smell the Illy coffee, which I am told was quite strong and definitely does the trick, so good to know if I am ever in need of a caffeine hit.  And the omelette opposite me looked amazing, so that will be the next dish I try.  Last time I was here for another work lunch, I had the soup and sandwich combo.  It was tasty, but nothing amazing and my soup was lukewarm. However, I still enjoyed it and today's brunch totally made up for it.  I was also eyeing up the sweet treats at the counter today - scones, croissants, flapjacks, tiffin, apple loaf, banana loaf etc.  So also a great destination for coffee and cake as well as brunch or lunch.Friendly service as always from Ben, Jemma and co.  I will be back :)
5	Best brunch in Edina!A supporter of the Arts...Don't miss the 'Big Bear'!
4	As said in the check-in, if feeling 'blue' was a good feeling then i'm feeling VERY blue right now!"// L O C A T I O N // Being a 10 minute stroll from the Leith side of Queen Street, there isn't really an excuse to not visit this place. // B L U E   B E A R //Less than a year old it is one cafe that is bursting with potential. From their very thoughtful framed sign in the bathroom saying that they know the toilets don't look that great, but they are planning on giving them a revamp in the near future, quoting the 'ugly duckling' phrase, they show that they are dedicated to having a great looking place. And to be honest, I've seen worse gents toilets.  \\  M  E  N  U  \\Having the blinkers on again and not noticing the clearly labelled "Available Mon - Fri" on the top of the first section of the menu we starting looking at the very pleasing "1/2 sandwich 1/2 soup options" which would of went down nicely. But after discovering that this was midweek only we verged over the page to another world of options that had to get the approval of our disappointed soup and sandwich taste buds! Having heard great things and reading great reviews from Jenny L, Kirsten B, and Elizabeth G to name a few I knew we were in for great things to come whatever we ordered! So...yeah. We got a Spinach, Pepper, Onion omelette, and a Salmon Bagel with cream cheese, salad and potato chips. Glass of Apple Juice & Cranberry Juice to sweeten the deal. The food was tres YUM and very filling.  On their website they even had the websites of where they source their food from, listing their suppliers http://www.cafebluebear.co.uk/#/our-food/4572958614\\ G E N E R A L   O P I N I O N \\The whole place very bright, allowing a lot of natural light to shine through which really compliment the decor. The cakes and pastries at the counter look indulgent also and can be taken away in a bag for postponed  munchin'\\ C L I E N T E L L E \\A lot of different folks here, young pros, laptop Larry & Lucy, middle aged peeps, and even some chilled out soon-to-be OAPs - which is an awsome mix. And their isn't any sense of this mixture affecting your cafe routines, for example, chats, working on a laptop, having children around - it's not a LIBRARY!  it all goes :D Definitely be a regular spot for me!
5	This is my first time here as a Blue bear Customer, before I'd been to Moo.I was with the brunchy munchy ladies and geezers, so they managed to fit all 13 of us round a long table.I ordered a flat white and eggs benedict and i wasn't disappointed - In fact I could of done the round again it was that good.  The hollandaise was creamy and the eggs were good too. Bacon was just at the crisp stage - only one crit - slighty on the cold side.BUT I WILL BE BACK FOR SURE!
5	We had a great brunch here. I would recommend it. The staff are very friendly.I had French Toast with berries and cream - yum. Also the coffee was really good.
5	I am so in love with this fuzzy wuzzy bear. The owners and the staff are so lovely and completely go out of their way to make you feel relaxed and at home when you visit.I cannot fault the food. The Eggs Benedict is delicious, as is the bacon and cream cheese bagel.The Blue Bear is probably first on my list for choice of venue for coffee, brunch and probably even lunch.If you haven't already been go, GO NOW!
4	Thanks Jenny L for reminding me I need to update my review after the Yelp night we had here.I do really like the Blue Bear - it'd be even better with gluten free pancakes that they gave us on the Yelp night but they won't do them - though I keep trying to change this when I visit :-)The omelet is pretty decent and they do gluten free bread for toast which is a winner for me but I'm not a huge egg fan (I know I like omelette's but not eggs boiled, fried, poached, scrambled, etc) so the menu can create a few issues for me. Heaven for me would be gluten free pancakes/potato scones but not seen anywhere that offers a big breakfast that is able to do this, though I know other yelpers rate the big breakfast here highly.Staff are friendly and at pains to make sure you are having a great time which is lovely to see as some places the food can be great but the service less so. Last time we were asked 5 times though which was a bit much. The Blue Bear isn't exactly local for me but in good brunch terms, nowhere is so I'm happy to make the trek to Cannonmills for an omelet brunch :-)
4	That was some breakfast - three types of pigs, haggis and so on. A feast and no mistake. I'd been to this place in a previous incarnation and liked its intimacy and high standards of food, but with the Blue Bear makeover I'd say these qualities have been taken on a level. This isn't a big place, but there's plenty going on and the staff are clearly keen to make every party or couple or group or loner equally loved and cared for. Everyone in my party enjoyed their food too, which arrived hot and in good time.I'm intrigued by the back garden - presumably shared between numerous properties in the Edinburgh style. There's a fairly large trampoline out there, lying askew on a 20-30 degree grass slope: that's not going to end well. As a diner I wasn't given the chance to witness anyone testing it out though. Maybe next time.
4	I can't begin to tell you how disappointed I was that I missed both the Elite event and the Sunday Brunch Club here. I'm a massive fan of brunch and I'm always on the lookout for somewhere new to try to see if they beat Toast in Marchmont (current reigning champion for the best brunch in Edinburgh.) Thankfully I've now been to the Blue Bear a few times and it really is a fantastic restaurant for brunch. The food is phenomenal and generously portioned. The first time I went for brunch and had the 'Big Bear', their equivalent of a full breakfast, I couldn't finish it all. This was problematic for me as the food tasted so good that I didn't want to stop eating despite starting to make myself feel sick from being overfull. The Big Bear also comes with tea/coffee AND juice which is generous but way too much for me which leads to feelings of guilt that I can't finish my juice. I've also had the waffles here which are also a popular choice. It's disappointing that they don't have pancakes on the menu (or not that I've seen) as I'm much more partial to a pancake than a waffle. They are however very flexible in changing things on the menu. The last time I came here for food I had brought my eight year old (and very fussy eater) niece with me. She wanted waffles, but not a full portion, maple syrup and bananas please. Our waiter was kind enough to charge us a half portion of waffles and sort out the bananas for us. (They weren't on the menu at all.) Having a server who understands the pickiness of kids is amazing and makes a trip out with a little 'un less anxiety inducing as you worry what you can get them to eat. The staff here are amazingly friendly and welcoming which makes coming back a real pleasure. I'm not sure it's nicked the top spot of Best Brunch in Edinburgh yet but it's certainly working on it and that means I'm definitely going to have keep going back until I can make up my mind.
5	I've now been to the Blue Bear twice, and I've really enjoyed the food there. The first time I had the eggs benedict, which unbelievably is the first time I've ever had it. The next time I had the waffles with bacon and maple syrup...yum! I brought visiting family with me the second time and they LOVED their food too! The owners are really friendly and welcoming too, which is always a plus. I'll definitely go back again.
4	The Blue Bear has been open for under a year and is already a well-established cornerstone of brunching in Edinburgh, with locals travelling across town just for their Big Bear platter or waffles.The fact that I planned my birthday brunch here, with a small gathering of friends, and when we settled down to our brunches we realised another Yelper had planned her birthday brunch here on the same day, with a group of Yelper friends, just goes to show - it's the brunch spot in Edinburgh for merry wee occasions!(Jinks Tanja!)And merry it is. The owners, Ben and Jemma, are just two of the loveliest people I've had the pleasure to meet in Edina. I've met many business owners, many friendly and happy business owners, but none who have been just constantly so smiley and welcoming. Even amidst their first Festival in August and waves upon waves of customers - so happy.My favourites on the menu are the waffles with bacon and maple syrup, and I usually request banana on the side too (trust me, try it).The Big Bear breakfast does what it says on the tin - its the Scottish breakfast in all its meaty, beany, eggy glory. It satisfied everyone around the table who ordered it at my birthday brunch.There's even a wee ones menu too, with options for kids. There are games, it's dog friendly, there are a whole host of cakes up front for cakey times too. They tick every box for friendly, tasty gathering space. And whilst it''s not geographically local for me, it feels like my breakfast local. I make the 30 minute walk here and then back again (uphill all the way, to walk off the waffles) just for a friendly, cheery hello from Ben, Jemma, my waffles -- and soon, their wee puppy Mango!
5	The Blue Bear has kind of become Yelp Edinburgh's unofficial Sunday morning living room, and with good reason. The staff are awesome, the coffee is strong and the food is consistently brilliant. Nothing particularly fancy - eggs benedict is a favourite, alongside waffles and a good range of pastries - but always done absolutely perfectly and for a good price. It's also child-friendly, dog-friendly and has a counter stacked with board games. What more could you ask for?The only downsides are a direct result of the Blue Bear's awesomeness. If it's a miserable rainy morning, its tricky to get a table because half of north Edinburgh gets the same idea. For the same reason, arrive too late and the popular items are likely of be off the menu (I take a finite supply of ingredients to be a good sign in itself).Top notch.
5	Pretty much everything I wanted to say has been said in other reviews, but I'll repeat it anyway: this place is awesome. I always have trouble with getting breakfasts, partly because I'm veggie, and partly because I tend to sleep in and miss out that way. But these guys serve brekkie all day, so I rocked up at lunch time and was rewarded with a near-perfect rendition of my favorite: eggs florentine. Perfectly poached eggs and cooked spinach, if I was being picky I'd just say the hollandaise sauce could have done with a bit more bite. But it was so good I stuck about for some lunch, partaking of their veggie sharing platter (if cut down in size for my personal enjoyment). I'm a bit fussy with my coffee but there's no problem here, and my two Americanos were lovely and strong, just how I like them. The proprietors are lovely- friendly and smiling to me as a stranger, and to the many regulars that rolled in while I was there.What more can I say? I'll be back!
4	So I'm torn about what to say to be honest. The place had a cool retro grannies feel to it with some yummy and different takes on traditional food. Really liked how many Veg options there were.  I came in after reading rave reviews about their brunch ... but when I went it was lunch so I wasn't feeling very brunch-ie... My husband still got the eggs Benedict with salmon ( i forgot what it was called on the menu)  and it was AMAZING! Like really it was so good I totally understood why people had raved so much!  I unfortunately had ordered a soup and 1/2 sandwich combo. I was still hopeful because my chick-pea and chicken sandwich sounded delightful , and my grain tomato soup hearty. Well  lets just say next time I will be ordering ONLY from the breakfast section. I might be sounding a bit unfair b/c I have only been there once... but literally there was only like a table spoon of filling in my sandwich and the rest was salad :( the soups was good but not enough to save my lunch. Thank goodness I have a wonderful husband that offered to share his WONDERFUL dish with me! I was generous with my 4 stars I felt i had to be since the brunch was so good. Next time will be a better test...
5	Yum! Amazing breakfast and coffee. I had the eggs benedict-delish! And my partner had the 'big bear'- great Scottish breakfast. Great place to visit before a walk around the royal botanic gardens. All day breakfast- great for those that wake late! Friendly staff :-)
5	Can not praise this wee place enough. I've visited a few times now with the other half for breakfast before tackling the weekend and what better way to start it. Everything about the Blue Bear I love. The decor, the staff, the ambiance and most importantly the food. I love food and eating out and this place is most certainly my new favourite in Edinburgh.The staff can't do enough for you, always making sure you have everything without being overly pushy and somewhat annoying, where a lot of places can go wrong.Hoping my next visit will be for lunch or to try one of the delicious cakes on display at the front of the cafe - I've managed to resist so far. After all, it would be rude not to :) Might be a good idea to book if you want to guarantee a seat!! Yup it's that good!!
5	This spot is wonderful! My girlfriend and I visited Edinburgh for a few days, and we serendipitously stumbled upon the Blue Bear. We knew right away that this was where we wanted to eat. 1) they were still serving breakfast and we're late risers and 2) the inside/decor was really welcoming. The staff was super-friendly and more than helpful with our questions about the menu and other items we weren't used too (being from another country). My girlfriend ordered the Veggie Bear, and proclaimed it the best breakfast she's ever had.  I went for the breakfast staples, and they were also excellent. I really wish there was a place like this in my neighborhood - it's worth the trip back to Edinburgh just for the Blue Bear!
5	I truly can't remember having a better time at brunch. I'm sure part of it was the novelty of Scottish delicacies, but even controlling for that The Blue Bear Cafe was simply incredible. After spending a significant chunk of the last year trying out all kinds of brunch places in New York City, I had thought I had brunch figured out. After having a Scottish explosion of haggis, black pudding, potato scone, meet traditional eggs, bacon, toast, then topping it all off with portobello mushrooms and grilled cherry tomatoes I couldn't even get to the delicious waffle I had ordered in a spell of American ignorance. Damn!
5	Came here for brunch the other week. I'd been before for a yelp event but was pleased to finally be able to head back for a proper brunch. They were fantastic considering how busy they were and they moved chairs about to get us sat down in the window seat. Had the Blue Bear Breakfast which had all the yummy treats you'd expect to have (namely BACONS and SAUSAGES and HAGGIS and BLACK PUDDING) The beans came in a little separate bean tray which was pretty exciting as it allowed me to keep the beans seperated out from the rest of my breakfast. Other items included:coffee- solidwater - wetGirlfriends french toast - Looked amazing - didn't get a taste :(Girlfriends mates omelette - huge and tasty looking! I felt it'd it weird if I tried some. JUICE - tasty alsoAll in all a very pleasant sunday morning visit. Probably worth booking just in case they're super rammed,
5	The simple decor and seemingly straightforward menu might undermine the first appraisal of what you are expecting, and while you are gingerly sipping on your Steampunk coffee, thinking to yourself what a damn good cappuccino that is, you have no clue that despite that kid drawings on the wall you are about to have one of the best breakfasts in town. Then out comes the French toast with huge slices of bacon on top, the eggs florentine, the big bear breakfast stack, and you and your frowns exchange looks that make it clear that this is going to be a family style meal. And as you taste all of the flavours, and savor the sweet and savory combination you have exposed your tongue to, you know that you will crave this for days, possibly forever. So, yeah, I live nearby. I have enough self control to only casually walk by and decide "by chance" to eat here about once a week. But if my body could handle the mass amounts of food I find a way to consume here, I'd come more often.
3	Lured in by a Yelp brunch, I had heard great things from people who had been before. The rest of my party were all delighted but I was not...The menu was somewhat short on gluten-free options but being a Sunday morning I thought to opt for a modified breakfast. I asked if I could have an adaptation that missed out any glutenous items - haggis, black pudding, potato scones, toast, and possibly the sausages. I was told, after checking with the kitchen, that the sausages were indeed unsafe and that they had run out of gluten free bread so there was no toast. Fine, just give me a plate full of whatever is safe!My double macchiato was delivered - more like a very small latte, full to the brim so it ended up spilling - and in time breakfast appeared, with the black pudding, sausage and potato scones on the plate. I queried this and it was taken away, returning without the offending items. I was quite happy to have bacon, scrambled eggs, tomatoes, mushrooms and beans, and these were all quite lovely. As this left the plate rather more bare than it might have been I assumed that I would be charged less. But no. The place is nice, the service was friendly and the food is tasty. But if you're needing anything different it might not be ideal.
5	A bit of a regular brunch haunt for me down in Canonmills, the Blue Bear has been a welcome addition to the area.  I seem to go for one of three things every time I go - the full breakfast, the french toast with bacon and maple syrup or eggs benedict!  All very tasty and filling! The staff are welcoming, though service on occasion can be a bit slow - however I'm never in a rush and the place is usually rammed full of hungry diners! If you are wanting a table for a larger group or during peak brunch / lunch times, then its best to book a table!
5	A delight to have eaten here.  My boyfriend had big bear breakfast and I had the french toast with maple syrup and bacon.  Yum!!! Definitely a satisfying meal and left us with happy tummies.  Coffee was just ok but food made up for it! I would definitely recommend going.  It is a bit off the beaten path so be prepared to walk but along the way there are a bunch of little antique shops that made the walk interesting!
4	After a lovely toddle along the Water of Leith we stopped off for (a rather late) brunch at The Blue Bear. Hooray for all day breakfasty goodness! I had the scrummy Eggs Royale and the boy went for The Big Bear brekkie. Both were tasty. We also had a nice big pot of tea in a rather elaborate tea pot. The cafe itself is lovely and bright and on a nice day like yesterday was very appealing with tables outside in the sunshine. They had some nice photos and artwork up on the walls and the staff were very attentive. Would definitely stop in again- it's a great location for lunch, just by the botanics and the Water of Leith.
5	Love the Blue Bear and one of my favourite places in Edinburgh for brunch.  Ben and Jemma are lovely and the cafe always has a vibrant atmosphere.  You can choose anything on the breakfast menu without going far wrong, but the Big Bear and, Eggs Royale (Benedict with Smoked Salmon) and French Toast with Bacon are all excellent.
4	i woke late on a weekday off and wanted brekkie - didn't know what i wanted but needed petrol so ended up in Canonmills and my 3rd visit to Blue Bear... I ordered scrambled eggs on granary wt bacon and it was ~PERFECT. Perfectly seasoned and cooked and excellent bacon. The 'Spanish omelette" with chorizo got an unenthusiastic nod-underseasoned and dull...Last time the tea was not good so today I had a San Pelligrino which was good but ice would have been good too...Staff a bit lacking in enthusiasm but it WAS v quiet for 1pm on a lunchtime... Don't know why, the food is yummy.....will be back for eggy yummers....
5	This review is for Rebecca.If you'd rather bypass the heart warming and get straight to the details, here's the cliff notes:Was my Eggs Rebecca delicious? Yes.Was my coffee delicious? Yes.Did said heart warming story take this solid four start joint to an overwhelming five, thereby dedicating my review to it? Heck yeah.Ok skimmers be gone. But those looking to get into the nitty gritty, read along:I went for brunch here with the lovely Tanya R and a lovely brunch it was. The place is as cute as a bug's ear, the food was great, the coffee was decent and they have a ping pong table in the basement ... all the major elements to a hearty and enthusiastic four star experience. Getting ready to order, I was stuck between the Eggs Royale (smoked salmon eggs benny) and the Eggs Rebecca (black pudding and bacon eggs benny). The gent helping us (who i'm assuming is the owner, though if it wasn't, give that gent a raise for passion alone!) offered up one teeny story that renewed my faith in customer loyalty and easily bumped this place into the shimmy hug, five star, heart strings range...Rebecca was a regular that came in every weekend since the day they opened.And each weekend, she ordered a very specific off menu benny - one side bacon, one side black pudding.Rebecca recently moved to London... so as a thank you and a tip of the hat, they put the benny on the regular menu and named it, (you guessed it): Eggs Rebecca.Now this might seem like a silly little tidbit, but when is the last time that you heard of a place not only tipping the hat to a regular in such a (semi)permanent way, but that also offered up that tip to other customers on a regular basis?I immediately felt at home - I was sitting in a joint that cared enough to name breakfast items after customers and (sneaky sneaky), suddenly and desperately wanted to be a benny making regular one day.It's a small story that proves this place has a big heart.I was an instant fan.
5	This is a great place for brunch and exactly what I've been searching for since moving to  Edinburgh. The staff are super friendly and attentive, while the ambience is vibrant but very casual, comfortable and relaxed.More importantly the brunch is great. We have been twice now and on both occasions I had the Eggs Benedict, while the other half had the vegetarian omelette. On both occasions, the food was excellent. The coffee was also good, but is probably the one area for improvement if your a bit of a coffee critic. But overall this is a great place for brunch and we will definitely be back!
4	Great quick breakfast.  The waffles with bacon and maple syrup were great... but would ask for the syrup on the side as there was a large amount of syrup all over the plate.
5	My first eggs benedict and experience at dinning at the cafe. It was amazing and delightful place to eat for brunch.
