4	Local pet supply store within walking distance of many Near East Siders.   There's not much bad to say about Mad Cat.  The staff is friendly and helpful - they aided us while adjusting a new harness - and the store clean and inviting.One downside: it's  a small shop so they might not have that one particular brand of treats or doggie conditioner that you're looking for.  However, if you're out for a walk and feel like treating your pup to an impromptu dog biscuit, Mad Cat is a great stop.
5	I have always been very happy with Mad Cats..  My dog loves the place and also the food and treats I bring home from there.  The staff is very nice and always has some great information. I think they carry some of the best pet food brands in town and have a lot of new products arriving pretty frequently.  My lil girl is spoiled and this is a great place to go.
5	The only place I'll buy my pet supplies from!  I'm always more than happy to buy from local places, but this one has the most friendly, laid-back employees I've ever seen.  They're not even more expensive!
5	A selection as great as any you can get in Chicago, with Wellness, Eagle Pack, etc. Perfect location, as I'm always wandering Willy Street when in town, and the guy working was very nice, even offering to run my purchase out to my car. (I'd parked a few blocks away and had to move the car closer.) Prices comparable to Kriser's, Sam & Willy's and Parkview, and the store cat, a cute orange tabby, looks like a smaller female version of my Otto.
5	If you care about your cat, you'll supply your cat here.
5	A great place to go if you're looking for a new friend and/or cat and dog supplies!  The shop cats and staff are sweethearts.  They carry pretty much anything you would need for your cat or dog.If you're looking for a new friend, definitely stop by on the weekends and check out Friends of Ferals and Happycat.  They are great rescues that Madcat supports.
5	It's a great store with great product and great staff. And I don't think my dog minds that I get all his goodies after a place with "Cat" in the name. FYI- they also have a far west side location on Mineral Point Road near the beltline.
5	This place is fantastic!  Pros: Friendly/helpful staff, beautiful cat trees, a wide variety of supplies, cute cat toys, cute store cats, many organic options, etc etcCons: Not close enough to my house, but oh well.Seriously, I would never go anywhere else for my cat's food. I buy the organic bag for 9.99 and also buy my kitty a toy because they have such a huge selection! (and cheap!) I've also bought a cat tree there and it is the coolest thing ever. It's all black and has 5 layers to it. They delivered the tree to my apartment for free and no hassle! Such a nice group of people. :)
5	Mad Cat deserves more than 5 stars. I love giving my money to a local business that cares about animals and supports charity. This is the #1 reason why I refuse to go anywhere else. They sell food that is actually natural and good for your pet (like Orijen!) instead of the stuff that you find in big box pet stores. The prices are fair and my dog loves the little chews that are buy 3 get one free. The employees are also supah fantastic and they even have free samples of pet treats at times!
5	MadCat is the best pet store in the southern Wisconsin area, hands-down. They have three locations in Madison and the staff are super knowledgeable, friendly, down to earth. Owned locally.They carry holistic food but don't be scared by the term - it just means a diet that is closer to a natural diet for your cat or dog. And yes they do have a wide selection of dog food and products too.Tons of cat toys and the most unique cat trees around.
5	Like another reviewer, I wish I could give this place more than five stars! They have everything you could possibly need for your cat or dog. The food is wholesome, the toys are unusual. The staff are knowledgable, good-natured, quality people. There's always good music playing. Also, my cat LOVES anything I bring from there...food, toys, beds, whatever.
5	I just moved to Madison and I visited MadCat over the weekend. They have an awesome selection of pet products and the guy working there was very friendly and helpful. The store cat was also quite welcoming.
5	They keep our fat cats special food on order for us. They sell catnip infused sparkle balls (a true favorite of the spoiled princess). They are always super friendly and helpful, and really, really know their stuff. What else can I say? If there were more than 5 stars, I'd give them as many as possible. Great tip from a staff member on using a yard stick "sweep" to retrieve lost toys from under the couch. Only a true pet lover would know that.
5	Mostly use the Mad Cat on Mineral Point but at either they are always most helpful and friendly. Our cats love the automated laser pointer thingy we got there. Staff is most courteous and helpful.
5	I love this place and apparently my pets love the stuff I bring back! Seriously the place is always clean and the staff friendly and knowledgable.
5	I LOVE Mad Cat! As an owner of multiple bunnies, I am i constant need of timothy hay, bunny food and bunny litter. (All of my buns are potty trained.) There is literally NOWHERE in Madison that sells bun food other than this place. Additionally, it is a local business and carries a lot of health conscious foods for your special little friends. It is moderately priced and the staff is always helpful. Bun owners in particular should really shop here!
5	My vet gave me pills for my cat to take, and said mixing them with food probably wouldn't work, that I would have to force them down his throat.  Mad Cat staff helped me find products that would hide the pill and get my cat to eat them on his own.  Saved me and my cat a huge amount of stress!
5	I love Mad Cat. I just visited last week when I was having some issues with a new cat getting along with my old cat and the employee there was super helpful and they are definitely getting into fights a lot less now. They give great advice and they have tons of different options for cat toys, treats, litter, foods, etc. Going to swing by there soon to check out cat trees!Highly recommended.
5	I love shopping at Mad Cat! Everyone is so friendly and the products are good quality. Very friendly employees that are always willing to offer suggestions. And it helps that you can test some items on the house kitties :)
5	Shopping at Mad Cat is always a treat. I live in Milwaukee now, and when ever I come back to Madison I ALWAYS have to make a stop here to get my cats some goodies. I hate shopping anywhere else for my cats because of the limited selection. Mad Cat has anything I could need, plus way more. The staff is very helpful and I love petting their shop cats. I also always try to make the day I stop by a Saturday so I can check out the cats that come in to be adopted.
5	Smaller than the West Side location, but that doesn't matter. Friendly folks, awesome products, fair pricing, treats/samples for your four-legged friend, and just an all-around excellent place. I've purchased everything from collars and leashes to dog food to dog toys to treats to... well, come to think of it, there's not much I haven't purchased from the excellent people at Mad Cat. I love that they're locally owned, carry great products, and offer outstanding service.Simply superb!
5	We have had nothing but great customer service from MadCat. The staff are friendly and knowledgable, and really want to help.
5	I am a big fan of Mad Cat both for their quality products as well as their friendly, knowledgeable staff. Our dog has some major food allergies/digestion issues and the Williamson St. staff members have always gone above and beyond. We don't shop anywhere else for our pet needs. Thanks, Mad Cat!
5	Such a cute store! Great atmosphere, and they even have cats in the store. Also a nice selection of cat stuff. Totally recommend!
4	Great shop! I visited the other location on Monroe last year and was so happy to find a second location here, right next to the park. I find great stuff here for my pooches.  They adore the elk antlers. And we also tried the greenie type chews that are all natural. Prices are fair. The selection is huge for a small shop. It's clean, the staff are friendly and helpful. Easy street parking too.  I'll be back!
5	While I go to my vet for feline medical advice, I go to Mad Cat for everything else. From knowledgeable and helpful staff to friendly resident felines, all of the Mad Cat stores are filled with the best kind of people--those that love and know animals.
5	Love love love Mad Cat! Everyone who works here is nice and will check to see if a cat food is carried at another location and will offer to have it shipped to the store. Only downside is this location is tiny compared to the one on the West side.
