4	This is the branch where I got my mortgage for my first home 2 years ago. It was right before the dooky started flying around broke folks like me getting mortgages, so I don't know if they are handing out these puppies like the hotcakes they were back in good old 2006; however, I was really pleased with the service I got here. I had a lot of questions as a first time home buyer, and both of the guys who helped me out were patient with me and explained things in a way I could understand. They discouraged me from taking one of those evil ARMs, which would have gotten me a lot more house, but also would have lead to me eventually becoming one of those people on the news. The whole process was quick and relatively painless, and they were accessible for the lawyers and brokers and all who were involved with the purchase of my home. It took some finagling, also, as my house was a HUD home, so there was all kinds of special paperwork involved in the process. In the end, though, I got my mortgage and got all my paperwork on time to meet the HUD people's quirky red tape. And, I can pay the bills online now. Woohoo!
1	NOTE: Unlike BOA, I am happy to be contacted about my experiences and will speak to everyone who wants to hear more about my nightmare, below. Any of you (including you, BOA) can reach me at joltin@aol.com (please subject any emails, "BOA ISSUE" or I may not see). BOA, its people and these kind of systems are deliberately engineering the US economy to take money away from those who can least afford it. FIGHT BACK!!-------------------OMG!!!What a ripoff!!!! They systematically steal our money in the form of government handouts and then, because they need more to fund their crooked system, come at us all individually. This is bold-faced theft and the individuals involved should really be criminally charged - yes Tara Tatro - this includes you!Anyone know a good attorney?--seems like we might have enough for a class action. MICHAEL  MOORE - GOT A SUBJECT FOR YOU!!! My background: I had a $7,000 credit limit w BOA and have had zero late payments on my account for at least 2 years. During the last year I maintained a higher balance-  in the$ 6,000 area. As I've moved into cleaning up my finances, I paid off BOA. IMMEDIATELY, they lowered my credit line a crazy amount. Not to $5,000, not $3000 but to $500 dollars in July 2009 - a 93% credit line decrease!!! How can  you even pretend to justify this? In the end, they claimed that they re-reviewed my credit and this is what they came up with - despite my always paying on time. Keep in mind, my credit has had NO new negative entries in over two years!!!What does this mean ?- It means BOA was happy has a cow to charge my 20+% interest on a 6,000 balance (about $250 per month) but then once I paid it down -restrict my access to the charge card.  WAIT A MINUTE!!! So if you accept I paid them this interest for a year, they've stolen $3,000 from me and now won't let me ( a proven paying customer) charge anything anymore. AND because they've lowered my credit line, they've lowered my credit utilization percentage and hence my further access to the credit market - think home purchase.Can you see how they trap you?So, I call Customer Service to complain... their response? "Tough"... argh.... Next step, I go visit a branch to have this explained to me. The branch GM is very nice, researches it with his resources and comes back with the answer that he is sorry but doesn't know how this happened or the rationale. He asks me to let him know what I find out. Double ARGH!!!!! Think about that, the branch manager is asking me to figure out what's going on with this thieving company!!!So, then I call the corporate offices in Charlotte and ask to speak to the VP of Customer Relations. The operator informs me that they can't put any callers through to any executives. Given we (taxpayers) just gave them how many zillion, this seems very strange to me I tell her. The operator is very nice says that she understood but she is systemically prevented from transferring a call or giving out a phone # for executives. WOW!! Its like Bank Of Darth Vader - isn't it?So, then I try this executive customer service line (704-386-5687 - thank you Consumerist!!!). I initially get a very nice lady named Melanie who promises me that they'll be able to fix the situation. She then transfers me to a Tara Tatro (she sounds very young and is quick with the insults). When I ask her title, she tells me her title is "works in the Office of the Chairman  & CEO" and refuses to give me any more info.  (BTW, Did you know this exec customer service department is Tampa? Why does Ken Lewis need to have an office that reports directly to him in Tampa - Winter home???)She looks into my file and comes back with the same answer - tough. She tells me she found something on my credit report that was late. I challenge her on this because I monitor my reports and I have a 700 score. I ask her what specifically she sees - she won't tell me. She then asks me what credit report I am looking at - I don't tell her, but ask her which one she is looking. Again she won't respond - kinda odd, particularly since my main bank just saw fit to give me a $15k unsecured line of credit - don't you think?I mean seriously - these guys take zillions of $$s out of the economy so they can line their pockets with fat bonuses, extra homes and country club memberships.  And they cant be made available to anyone? I point out that this kind of extortion is exactly what's put them in hot water with congress and the American public and how I really didn't understand the timing of their decision to reduce my credit limit. Whatever motivated them COULD NOT have happened during the month they lowered my scores, because I subscribe to the credit monitoring services.WAKE UP EVERYONE!!! - THEY ARE STEALING FROM US ALL AND, AS THEY SAY, LAUGHING ALL THE WAY TO THE BANK!!Please don't fall into the vicious trap I did. They don't treat rich people this way.
4	Opened up a new account at this branch. Had to wait a few minutes, but the waiting area was spacious.The people there were really friendly. Nice service, good bank (although some of the fees I dislike). I'm really happy that no matter where I go, there's a BofA nearby.
