5	When we started to plan our wedding we had so many amazing recommendations that made starting the process a breeze. Without a doubt- the best and most needed vendor I had for my big day was Regina. She had the insight throughout the whole planning process to guide me through the process and take the decor to a level I could have never planned myself. On the day of our wedding- I was stressing about all of the little details that I kept adding and adding- would they all happen the way I had envisioned it in my head? Not only did everything get set up (despite a turnaround in our event space) but it looked better than I could have ever planned myself. Step 1- Call Regina and watch your dreams come to life Step 2- Relax and let this amazing woman guide you and your partner through your big day so you can enjoy. (thank goodness I did) I thought that because I knew a little about events, my big day wouldn't have any hiccups but they happen because hey- you can't get 100 people together without it. But what makes Regina so amazing as a planner is- creating an extra centerpiece when it's needed, getting my mom to pictures on time and sewing my broken bustle. She is so much more than a planner- definitely forever the master of our big day!
5	Regina was my lifesaver during my engagement. I went from a "I can do this myself" bride to an "if I see one more Pinterest board or idea, I'm going to scream" bride. I was originally assigned to another lead planner..... who ended up leaving the wedding planning/event planning business about halfway through. Regina picked up midway and it was like she had planned everything from the beginning --- absolutely seamless transition. She was so responsive and so helpful with bouncing ideas off of. I think having someone helping saved my relationship ;) even before the day-of, I was recommending her to anyone who would listen and now that the wedding is over, I can't imagine having done it without her. Everything was flawless day of and she was there anytime I needed her (like when my dad stepped on my dress.... twice and broke the bustle.... twice haha).
5	Regina is the wedding planner you never knew you needed and are glad you met! This girl knows how to throw a party...or wedding...or event. She takes the time to get to know her clients, their wish list, and make dreams come true! She understands your vision and guides you in a creative direction to enhance what you want, but keep it well within your budget. I'm beyond greatful that I have such a talented and creative planner on my side to help me get through the planning of what's sure to be an amazing & incredible wedding!
