5	I come here to work while my daughter attends a nearby school, and I love everything about the place. I don't drink coffee, so can't comment on that, but I their teas are great (I've tried most of them) and their Chai Latte is amazing. Perhaps as importantly for me, their internet connection is free, fast, and reliable.This is the former location of Aldo coffee and I was around for the (surprisingly smooth) transition; it seems to me like Orbis kept everything good about Aldo while infusing the place with new energy.
4	Got a cappuccino and quiche. Cappuccino was frothy and pretty decent.  The quiche was simple, potato and bacon with a flaky buttery crust  The atmosphere is welcoming and the ambience is simplistic. My only gripe - no comfy, sink in to settle, seating. The caffe just has run of the mill wooden tables and chairs.  Other than it's a lovely addition to Washington Road's growing culinary allure.
4	Aldo Coffee used to be at this location, and that was one of my favorite coffee houses, so I was disappointed when it closed. I need not have worried, as Orbis Caffe serves up some delicious coffee and treats, and the vibe is the same laid back, chillin' and comfy atmosphere as it ever was. Try the chocolate hazelnut biscotti...delicious.
4	This place is a gem in Uptown Lebo. Great strong European-esque lattes. The owners are from South Africa and plan a unique dinner on the last Friday night of each month with a different international theme. You register in advance and it's BYOB the night of. My husband and I attended a Caribbean themed night this summer in July. It was fantastic! Go with a group of people and you'll all be seated together. A wonderful experience. Small plates, tapas style. Otherwise, this is a lovely cafe to step into for a scone with a cup of tea or coffee.
4	I stopped by here today with my girlfriend in an attempt to get out of the blustery weather.  The inside of this place was comforting with lots of earthy colors between the dark brown wood color and blacks.  I decided to have an Americano to warm up while my girlfriend went with the jasmine green tea.  The tea came in a cute little red teapot for my girlfriend to pour herself and she enjoyed the flavor.  My Americano was both smooth and strong which was nice.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again.  I loved the comforting atmosphere and warm drinks on a cold day.
3	I want to like this place as I used to love Aldo coffee co. The quality went down IMO and the focus is elsewhere rather than on the coffee. I made an attempt at purchasing a bag of intelligentsia beans and the roast date was a month past already and 19 coffee didn't even have a roast date on their bag to my surprise and they didn't have anything that pleased my palate anyway. I've now switched to their chai if I'm in the neighborhood as that is still delicious.
2	I've been going to Orbis for a few years now, and while their coffee is of great quality, I can't say the same for the experiences I've had with the staff. While some staff members have been friendly, others have been openly rude-- there have been several occasions where I've been served with a sneer and stared down if I stay to have my coffee in-house. It's been so uncomfortable on those occasions that I've actually left the premises rather than buying another cup of coffee.I have noticed, though, that if I "dress up" I am treated more civilly. This is more than a little repugnant. My apologies, Orbis, but this kind of treatment of well-paying customers is unacceptable and I would be remiss if I didn't alert others to this behavior.
4	I check in to this place all the time. They have a great atmosphere and the people that work there seem nice. It's a solid spot for coffee. One of these days, I am actually going to go in there and have some coffee. I bet it's pretty good.
4	Good coffee, but speciality drinks are ok. Would not recommend the food. Nice seating and free wifi.
4	Had a great Espresso and a chocolate biscotti, wish I could have got a croissant or something besides a cookie. The folks who work there where really friendly. I'll be back.
4	Love the coffee; wish there were more comfy, lounge type seating.  Important part of Mt. Lebanon community
4	I hadn't visited Orbis since the name changed, so this Sunday I decided to walk up and get a latte. It was one of the best lattes I've ever had. The foam was thick and luxurious and the espresso was smooth and delicious. Its a little expensive for me to get more than once a week (but comparable to most large scale coffee shops), but I will defiantly be going back for a treat this weekend!
4	Super cute atmosphere here. It's a little dark, but it feels kitschy and homey and is a great place to meet up with friends, or to bring a book or laptop and settle in.The espresso is usually Intelligentsia (Black Cat) which is a big plus. They have a range of drinks for absolutely everyone, from coffee snobs to flavored-sugar-coffee addicts. That's a hard crowd to keep everyone happy, but Orbis does it right.The batch brew coffee is priced well and sometimes is great, other days it is not-so-good. I wish it was more consistent so that I could count on a great cup every time. Sometimes it is very disappointing.The snacks are great here too, and I look forward to a breakfast soon!
4	Orbis has a wonderful sense of community, and it earns that well by being a locally family owned business.  The coffee is excellent and the staff is very friendly.  I attended their once a month international dinner and the food was over the top excellent.
