3	I spent a weekend here back in the Fall of '04.The conference center of the Grace Inn was sufficiently large and it had a decent sized pool with plenty of shaded outdoor bars.The rooms were rather untidy, the air conditioning did not seem to work very well and the sink was clogged and kept inexplicably filling up with filthy and murky water which flooded onto the carpet.The cleaning services were quite shoddy.The dedicated restaurant did have a pretty decent menu as did the karoake equipped bar. Service at both places were pretty good.
2	Are there hotels that don't allow kids? If so can someone let me know where they are? We switched hotels halfway through our trip to be closer to the field where my brother is practicing. Having said that I am directly comparing my pleasant experience at the Hilton Garden Inn to my short stay at the Grace Inn of AhwHADDACALLIT. From the website and even the front of the building it looks like a decent hotel. It has a pool, a 3-star rating on Hotels.com (show's ya what they know. I'm stickin' with Yelp) and it SAYS they have wireless. What they fail to mention is that they only have wireless in the first and second floor lobbies. You need a high speed cable to connect in your room and the cable is short so you are chained to the desk area. My gawd! How spoiled do I sound right now?!! Anyhow, the beds are extremely uncomfortable, the full breakfast was somewhat laughable and the noisy, and very misbehaved I might add, kids at the pool was enough to make me lose my mind, up in there, up in there. Didn't have a chance to check out their BG's Lounge for a cocktail, Lord knows I could have used one. But don't think I'm going to be back anytime soon. Thanks but no thanks.
3	For the price and the amenities this place is nice. They give you access to Gold's gym across the street which is worth my stay there. It's close to the 10. There are lots of food options closeby. Fridge in the room. Free internet. What else could you ask for?
3	Well, I was here for traffic school, so I wasn't exactly excited to arrive at 7:45 AM on a Saturday morning. There were signs up and it was easy to find the conference room. The room is plain as are the chairs. Basic, minimal set-up. No frills.  It was a little chilly in the room, but that is better than being hot and stuffy.  The bathrooms were close and clean.  You can tell the hotel has been around for a while, but from what I can tell, they make the best of what they have.  With that being said, I would like to remind you (the reader) that I have not seen the inside of one of the Grace Inn's hotel rooms in over 5 years.
5	I meet here for the Lion's Club every other week.  The staff is always friendly and location for folks traveling is perfect as it borders the I-10 and is within good distance from good hiking trails, shopping centers, and restaurants.
4	When my AC broke,  I had to make a temporary stay at the Grace Inn. I was pleasantly surprised for my day plus stay.The room was a nice size and fit my wife and baby comfortably. Nothing was extravagant, but suitable for our needs. The room was also very affordable. I'm sure the room is much more expensive during peak tourist seasonThe room was clean and floor was pretty quiet.. There was a small mini frig in the room.The decor is a bit outdated.I would feel comfortable in having friends or relatives stay here when visiting iif I couldn't accommodate them.There is a pool area, restaurant and a business center. I was a bit disappointed that the business center required you to pay to access the internet. Not really conducive for business.The lobby has plenty of places to sit and chat .The Inn is right off the 10 and is walking distance to a strip mall and a short drive to many other places to shop and eat on Elliott/Warner or Ray.
3	Really old place but pretty well kept, at least the lobby was. Never stayed here so I cannot give it a real review.
3	Staff is wonderful. Hotel is tired.....clean but tired. Showers very hard to operator.
1	Very dated, dimly facility. Smells of smoke even though they say its not smoking. Hot tub was broken during our stay as well. Save your money and stay elsewhere.
2	This hotel was okay...nothing special, but nothing terrible either. Definitely on the outdated side. I got a room with a king sized bed. It was $79 before tax.
