4	I stopped into this Old Country for lunch today, & found it to be in really top form.  It's nice inside, was immaculately clean, the temperature & lighting were just right, it has an excellent serving & seating layout, & the service was friendly & attentive.Along with the above, all the food I had was delicious.  Some of my favorites today were the Italian Sausage with onions & two kinds of peppers, lean & tender barbecued pork ribs, & amazingly good hot Lava Cake with whipped cream for dessert.What more could you ask for, great music?  Ok, they had that too, as excellent oldies (including "Wild Weekend", one of my all-time favorites) played softly in the background!  Let's see, what's left... a low price?  Yes, they have that too.Lunch Buffet $6.99, $6.29 Sr.Everything is right here, for the kind of place it is.  Wake up Golden Corral, Glendale!
4	Good solid Buffet. The guy grilling was on top of it. The seasonings bar was need too, you can add whatever you wanted to any of the food. I used some Emeril seasonings on the steak. The staff was nice, but they started to charge extra for the Beverage bar... drinks are no longer included unless your a kid.
5	Went in this morning for breakfast. They had omelets that are cooked to order, waffles, pancakes, bacon, sausage, biscuits, cinnamon rolls, cereal bar, milk, juices, and the whole works. There was a huge variety of food and totally awesome for only $4.99; however, drinks were extra like a buck something...definitely still worth it all.On Sundays it goes from breakfast to dinner at 11am so I got the best of both worlds. Soon the fried chicken, Alfredo pasta, fish, mashed potatoes, pilaf rice, etc all came out. Most unique thing is the grilling section. They served steak cooked to your liking, BBQ ribs, carved turkey and ham. They also have a seasoning section with their own steak sauce, A1, hot sauce, soy sauce, vinegar, garlic salt, and all kinds. I know I probably missed to mention a few things, but there's just too many to write it all down.It was extremely busy when I arrived, but I got seated fairly quickly. Service was great! Workers were friendly and delightful. I would definitely come back...personally I think this beats Hometown even though their from the same family.
1	OCB was good several years ago. It has gone down hill and now it is nothing more than a place for people who value quantity over quality.
5	What the? 6.99 per person and it's a GOOD quality buffet!! We arrived in AZ very hungry and found this next to our hotel so went straight to it and noticed a lot of cars parked outside which indicated it was popular.inside, was very neat. Workers were continuously filling nearly empty trays. The food is fresh, lots of homemade dishes, very clean, fully stocked, nice staff! The carrot cake was so fluffy and homemade!! i also loved the fried fish, roasted and fried chicken, peach cobbler.
4	Big chains are important to submit reviews for.Even though the biz would have you believe that it  means you'll get consistent product and service across their multitudinous locations, has this ever been the case?  Even Taco DingDong taco meat is spicier in Phoenix than it is in Detroit.This Old Timer's Boofay is run sublimely compared to the metrocenter location. The service level and the quality of the food coming out of the kitchen is drastically in a different league.  Food is still pretty generic - lot's of starches and cheeses and such to fill you up.  There seems to be a bit more pride of execution here.  Yeah, I know, it's a chain buffet, practically a cafeteria.  No matter.  What many folks don't realize is the amount of food dishes in a place like this that are prepared in a traditional, homestyle way.  Things like homemade salad dressings, madaroni and cheese casseroles, etc. They do it to save money.  Reult is fresh, homestyle food for you. So they made it in a batch to serve 30 families, so what. Breakfast is the real deal here, and around $6 if you skip the overpriced drink. Huge selection of all the favorites, and they're busy enough that it stays fresh.I can't wait to be old enough to get my seniour discount here.Inside of this svelt, healthy body is trapped the wrinkly, grumpy soul of a 68 year old man.  You kids get the hell off my lawn.
1	Worst place ever!!! Avoid it at all cost! the staff is mean and rude, They don't give eye contact, and asked me to leave when I was not ready nor was my party! The lady manager is horrible!! This place needs to close immediately.  The mash potatoes did not have any favor to it.
3	Honestly, there really wasn't much of a selection.  I went here because my brother and parents wanted to go, but I was disappointed.
4	The chocolate milk is the best their is!  The food is what it is. It's a Buffett!
2	As the axiom goes, "you get what you pay for" and that is certainty the case here.Sure, the price ($6.99/ lunch) seems low, but when you come face to face with the food, it screams blandness, unhealthiness, and low quality.  The lunch selections include a taco bar with greasy, high-fat beef, a salad bar that attempts to imitate Sweet Tomatoes but it comes up far short, some other low-quality Chinese and Italian options and a dessert bar.So, if you are searching for a buffet, I highly suggest that you continue the search and pay a few bucks extra per person for a higher quality and better selection elsewhere.  Learn from my mistake as my first time here was my last.
5	Wow, it took over 2 1/2 years to circle back around to this Old Country.  Maybe it's because it's 28 miles from my house!  Anyhow, I finally got back here today, joined by Mike C. to see how they're doing.Everything was great here today, & I see that it was way back last time, so what was it doing at only 4 Stars all this time?  Oh well, that will get fixed this time!So what did they have today?  Well, "the usual", if you please.  There were three kinds of soup, lots of salad goodies, really good chicken tenders, pork ribs, & lots of other things plus a big dessert selection.  It was everything you could hope for in this type of place, for the money, so it's 5 Stars for Old Country Buffet, Glendale.  YUM!     :-))Lunch Buffet:  $7.49/$6.99 Sr.
3	I had a lunch here not long ago, but it was nothing exciting. It wasn't even the best Old Country Buffet I have visited. The food was very basic and it was hard for me to find things that I really enjoyed. Because of that I decided to eat healthier options that I don't fix on my own, so I suppose that was good in a way. I would say its a good place to go if you are looking for home cooked type foods, but don't want to cook yourself. Just keep in mind that you won't find food that is overly tasty, if at all, here.
5	All you can eat, the best and the cleanest place I have ever eaten at. Every single dish is delicious.
4	A low Carb Lovers paradise! Bacon, Bacon, Bacon!
5	Wow, competition from nearby top Buffet competitors including Pacific Seafood and Golden Corral aren't hurting this place a bit!  I arrived here this morning at 11:30 for lunch to find them already roaring busy."So what's so "5 Stars about this place?" you ask.  I'm glad you asked that!     :-))*  Clean, modern restaurant!*  Floor plan, decor, lighting, seating, sound control & room temperature all just right!*  Friendly service!*  Low prices!*  Big selection of fresh, tasty food!  130 items out today, plus sauces, dressings & toppings.*  All of the food trays kept properly stocked and everything I selected was served at the right temperature.This place is all about regular American food from good recipes, prepared properly & offered up.  The menu varies some each day, dinner is a little fancier, and they serve breakfast on weekends.What these guys offer in a restaurant may not appeal to all dining tastes, but at this location, today, they were doing what they do PERFECTLY!  It's no wonder they 're so busy.     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $8.29/$7.79 Sr.
1	Nasty just nasty.  I have no idea how people could give this more than 1 star.
4	Not a thing ran out, everything was full and kept hot or cool accordingly. Love the selection. Only downside is when I bit into some sweet and sour chicken and hit a bundle of gristle. That chicken needs a diet - but it's not really the restaurant's fault. It's odd that they have sweet and sour chicken but no chow mein or eggrolls to go along with it. Hmmm. Still, the variety here is nice: American pizza and whole chicken breasts and some other meats. But I really go for the small sides and they have things like pasta, mac and cheese, pinto beans, broccoli and a salad bar. Desserts are in small proportions. They also have coffee all day long. Awesome. My brother-in-law treated us here because we'd helped him move into his new house. Now we are trying to make it back there.
4	Considering fast food?If you have the time, and you're in the area, don't do fast food--come here.  You will have about ten times the selection of better quality food, and all you can eat, for about the same price or just a hair more that you would pay at a fast food joint.  You know that BK portions are getting smaller and you are still hungry after eating $7 worth of food.  Here, you can go back and eat until you are stuffed, whatever they got.A stomach full of good food at a low price is always nice.  You'll get it here.
2	The food isn't all that great and the Mac n cheese taste like that cheap powder cheese and the staff act like they where scared to come serve us maybe because of our skin color. The place wasn't very impressive I won't be back. I tried it once that's it.
4	A good enough spot to eat. I have to say its neither worst or best buffet. I enjoy the breakfast items especially the French toast. I love that they're one of the last buffets to have chocolate milk and not charge extra for it. I was really impressed with the new desserts. But any place that had unlimited bacon , you have my vote.lol. Great spot if you're single or with a group.
4	The people and service was excellent. Food overall was good, chicken Alfredo was horrible but everything else was good. Steaks were my favorite even though there was a line for them overall was a better experience than i first thought. my thing was just the chicken Alfredo  was not as good a my previous experience
4	Yummy!  We love this place.  It is right by Arrowhead Mall so after a long day of shopping it is great to walk right in and have food hot and ready.  The food here is wonderful and they have a variety of items, including a Mexican food bar which I love.  I especially love their enchiladas.  Can't get enough of them suckers.  They cook steaks to order and they are juicy and delicious and they have other scrumptious meats ready and waiting at dinner time.  They have pizza, fried chicken, pasta, mashed taters, veggies and a big salad bar.  All the normal foods you expect at a buffet can be found here.  I love all the beverage choices, including the chocolate milk and icees, and let's not forget about the ample dessert selections.  You get in and out pretty quickly but last time we went on Mother's Day so the line was a little long.  I think they have a cheap family night once a week and they walk around passing out cotton candy.  They did last year so hopefully they still doThis place really deserves 4.5 stars for having consistently good food for a fair price.  I took off points because pricing is not listed on their website and you have to pay for your drink separately.  King's Table back in the day included it all.  Would love to see this change.  Would also love more discount coupons to be sent thru their Crave Club.This is the best buffet in town.  Can't wait to go back.
1	Price is too high for what you get. The food is mediocre , the employees are rude, the manager was leaning on the salad bar talking on his cell phone. Steak was tough, fish was dry and selection very limited. Save your money and spend a few bucks more and go elsewhere.
5	So let me start by saying the 5 stars is definitely not for the food. Don't et me wrong, it's edible and good, but it's a buffet so the quality isn't fine dining. But it's good. The service however is amazing. Which is the one reason u come in multiple times a week. I've only ever had one or two  "eh" experiences. Valentina is my favorite server!  She is always working so hard and never standing still, super fast about grabbing dirty plates off your table and always talks to me, and it's nice having that personal connection to a restaurant.  I always sit in her section, and she makes my night so enjoyable. I'm a server myself and she's probably one of the best servers I've ever had, even though is a self serve restaurant. She's the whole reason I come back. I would definitely recommend coming in and sitting in Valentinas section! She makes you feel like family! (:
4	Location & Aesthetics - Located in Glendale just in front of the mall.  For me it was a bit difficult to figure out the entrance from the street so I just entered by way of the mall entrance.  Parking is plentiful.  Place is clean both outside and in and well lit.  I found the place a bit small inside with the spacing between the seating a bit close seeing as I had to maneuver to get to the food bar.  I can imagine if the place is filled with people it might be difficult to move between the tables. (-1)Menu - a party of 3 and we paid about $30 plus one in our party had a drink which was about $2.29 extra....not too bad.Service - The staff was very friendly.  We were greeted immediately upon entering and pricing was explained especially the extra for drinks.  Food - It's buffet food and though it's not as extensive as some other buffets I've seen or encountered there was enough variety except maybe in the dessert department though I'm not going to minus points for that. Rating - 4/5.
1	Very very bad. All of the food was stale and cold. All of the meat/chicken was dry. And the worst of all, I paid $25 for two people. We will never go back there.
5	Colleen is SO great. She is very friendly, clears dirty plates super fast and when he greets you she ALWAYS recommends something that is available tonight. Her Valentina, and Itzel are the reasons I come as much as i do. It's a nice way to end a rough day. And they've added some new foods!
1	Disgusting! Lol never go here. nothing is fresh went here for lunch today &i must say nastiest buffet ive ever been to in my life. Dont waste your moneyGood service but really bad food.
1	So i got tired of Asian buffet when we decided to go to a buffet.  Not being to one in  forever,  now i remember why. Watery mac and cheese. Really slow service one the meat station. Really the best thing is the chicken fingers, potato, and salad. I don't are how this placed is packed when it cost 62 dollars for four adults with drinks. Totally going to a regular restaurant or a different buffet. Don't waste your money.
5	Great for kids. For the low price of $1.99 each I can feed my kiddos veggies drinks dessert. Cheaper than fast food and just as fast.  The place is always clean and friendly. The food is ok and there are certainly enough choices to satisfy and age or diet.
1	If you have no taste buds then this place is for you. The food was bland to a point of discusting.  The choices were few.  If I were to compare this place with Golden Coral I would tell you to go to the latter you may pay a little more but you will get taster food.
1	This is going to be my last visit here....after seeing the owner put a dirty utensil in a sauce after dropping on floor, I'm disgusted!!!!
5	We have been regulars here for years, and it's a BUFFET. It's not about upscale fine dining -- thank heaven. The staff is very accommodating and patient, and since many of the customers are advanced in years, this is a definite plus. The food is basic hearty fare, and there is a good variety considering the wide demographics this restaurant serves. I'm very puzzled by the scattered snarky reviews on this page. My own experience over the past 15 years or so has been very, very different.
2	You know I generally don't have the highest expectations when it comes to buffets as it is,  but this place didn't even come close to meeting those low expectations.  The food tasted bland and gave me chilling flashbacks of junior high school cafeteria food.  And I complained about paying the dollar or so for that,  so you can imagine my disappointment at what value I felt I got for the prices here.The atmosphere here also is in dire need of updating.  I feel like I am 6 years old again and stuck visiting an old friend of my grandparents.  A little updating and you would get the feel of a place you want to be at,  not a bad memory of a old stuffy place your grandmother took you too.They say location makes a restaurant.   If this was the case this place would be amazing,  because it's location by the mall makes it a great spot to get a bite to eat.  But with food and atmosphere so bad you leave disappointed vowing to never return. Hopefully some changes could be made,  because I do feel like this could be a way better place.  But it all boils down to does this chain want to invest in making your experience a better one or are they satisfied making you leave with dreadful memories of junior high.
2	A year ago I would have given OCB a 4 star rating. Then things changed. Selections and quality dropped. In an effort to save money, OCB started having single serving items, such as pot roast , sit undera heating lamp. The pot roast is so dried at that it has the texture of jerky. Items are not replaced in a timely way. Service continues to be their shining star. What a disppointment this has become. If there was a Golden Corral in Arrowhead I have no doubt OCB would have to shut their doors.
4	My husband and I go to this buffet sllot. He loves his buffets. The people that work here have been here for years.  They're awesome.  I do have to say we only go when there's a coupon because their regular price is too high for what you get. We're disappointed that they got rid of their stir fry, grilled steak, tres Leches cake. I'm not sure I like how their desserts are now. If they are fresh them their good,  but those little cups go stale fast. Tamales are not good just have enchiladas everyday and fill stuff faster.  We usually won't go if it's a Mon or Tues during lunch.  Just not fresh enough.  We like all the managers except the tall skinny one. We have realized that when he's there nothing gets filled and all he does it talk to the waiters waitresses. Hmmm what else.  Oh and we haven't seen the older lady manager for awhile.  I've never seen that lady smile. If she's gone I'm glad.
4	I don't understand the negative reviews.  We have eaten here a couple of times in the last two months and have really enjoyed our experience.  Hey, it's a buffet--not a gourmet restaurant!  However, the food was fresh, well presented, tasty, and had lots of variety.  The service was friendly, from the cashier to the server, to the meat server.  Love their fried chicken and hot vegetables.  I like the single serve desserts.  We always use the online coupons--otherwise the food is a bit pricey for us.  We will return!!
