4	Over the past 3 years we've bought a few pieces for our house here.  There's always a decent selection of furniture and home decor in the store.  I recommend stopping by every 6 months or so to see what they have.I recently stopped by to see if there was anything I could find for The Better Half for Christmas.....didn't find anything but saw a lot of interesting pieces.....there was a C3PO robot and 2 Pirates (see pics)....I'd love to get them for the house, but The Better Half would kill me.  They'd make great conversation pieces though...LOLThe sales people here can be a bit pushy, but all you have to do is tell them you're there browsing and they'll leave you alone.  The prices are somewhat negotiable.....they'll consider most offers unless the person selling on consignment has a high floor price....then there's not much room for negotiation.Will I return?  Like I said, I'm here every 6 months or so to see if I can find some cool stuff.
2	As a buyer, I like Colleen's but as a seller...I understand & accept their terms of the seller receiving 50% of the price & the subsequent price reductions. I agree they should charge the $50. pick-up fee but if the furniture sells, it should be refunded. What is unacceptable is the $1.00 check fee to process the check when the item is sold. Come on!!!!
4	I've been coming to this store for the past 3 years off and on whenever I'm in Vegas.  Never have found anything I wanted to purchase though.  Seemed to always be the bottom of the barrel of consignment stores, but things in life change and so has this store.  I was pleasantly surprised today to find really nice inventory, even some brand new items.  I have a feeling someone has become connected with model homes or something of the sort because the inventory has that feel.  Quite a bit of trendy items today for a consignment store.  Also the floor has finally been set up in sections that make sense, so if you are looking for a dining table you no longer have to wade through everything else to find them.  : )  I still feel the prices are a little high, but I actually saw two pieces that would really work for our Vegas house.  LOVE the changes Colleen's keep it up!  Thank you for not following me around the shop too, I was so much more comfortable taking my time.
3	I heard of Colleen's Classic Consignment on a commercial. They products they have are unique. Colleen has a nice selection of products at decent prices.
4	I am considered a model of seredipity by several of the salespeople due to some crazy business involving me and a painting that I bought for $200.00 at the Rainbow location.  Review first, story later.First off, if you're a buyer, this is the place for you!  The sales people really aren't THAT bad, just let them know YOU will find THEM and all will be well.  They work on commission so it's kind of expected.  Frankly, after some of the furniture stores that I deal with, it's kind of nice to deal with someone who is looking to help me out.  They have a wide range of products, and what's kind of nice is oftentimes you can get a set for bedrooms or other products that happen to come in twos or threes.  Some pieces are a little worn, but are priced accordingly and are things like new hardware or whatnot that take little work and money to bring up to speed.  Some of them are just full sets sold from other furniture stores or estate sales.  They can be kind of pricey, but if you haunt the place and stop by every so often, you can sometimes find some absolute STEALS.  I have several pieces of quality, solid-wood furniture that I have in my house that I'm proud of not just for quality, but for the fact I had money left over to purchase some accessories as well.  Don't get me wrong, there are times when I walk in and walk right out finding nothing or just wishing things were cheaper.  But determination can be an asset here!  Are you thinking of selling?  Consider that  they ARE in business to make money, so there is a heck of a markup between what they pay for it and what they sell it for.  If you have the time and availability, sell on Craigslist.  If you want it taken care off for a little less of a profit, go to Colleen's and let them take care of it.  So, story:  A good friend of mine is a collector of art, (aren't we all...), and while running around Colleen's, I came across a painting that looked like a piece of Louis Sottil's work that I had become familiar with due to my friend, priced at $200 bucks.  I scooped it up VERY quickly, shipped it to the East coast and had it estimated.  Turns out it was the genuine thing and that it was worth significantly more than that.  The sales people couldn't believe it when I returned and told much money I made off of it.
5	I've been buying furniture from Colleen for 15 years.  As she grows, her selection gets better and her prices are still low.
5	enormous store with a great selection. for the quality they sell, i expected their prices to be higher.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this store!!!!  So much more fun to shop for cool stuff.  The store seems to be different almost every day.  The Henderson store is my personal fav, but I do like to shop all 4 just to see what they have.
4	I just bought a house, and probably 75% of my stuff will be from here. Great selection, but obviously if you see something you like, grab it immediately.
4	Colleens is one of the best places to buy Furniture in Vegas. They have items that are gently used and some from the market center. The prices are fantastic. For around 600 we got a sofa, a Lazy boy sleeper sofa! a club chair, and a nice bookshelf all delivered. The staff are friendly and helpful. Best time to go is last weekend in the month, when the have their red line clearance.
1	This place is just an overpriced resale store.  Saw alot of cool looking items but after close inspection found they were made of mdf and made in China.  Also saw furniture from Target and Ross/Marshalls......also made in China and mdf that were priced higher than the actual sale prices than in the stores that originally sold them.  What a crock! I'm done paying premium price for junk........I ended up going to Lynns world of consignment where they have much more realistic prices and better quality including some nice antiques.  Or just Craigslist!
1	Overpriced, God-awful, gaudy furniture. I went there with an open-mind looking for a bedside table. I wasn't greeted by anyone when I entered the store, but I can live with that since I don't like anyone hovering over me. However, I would have liked to find someone to ask them where they have their bedside tables. I had to search all over the store myself. They weren't busy. I only saw one other person browsing. The staff members were talking to each other.I finally found what I was looking for, but there wasn't a big selection. The quality wasn't there and they were way over-priced. One of the tables was so flimsy that it likely wouldn't stand up on carpeting and hold an alarm clock. I have been to another Collen's location and thought I would give this one a try. I won't be going back.
2	I would really love to give Colleen's a better review, we've purchased numerous items from them over the years... but my last experience has been so frustrating I feel like maybe this is the only way to get the message across to them. Purchased a new power sectional from the Cheyenne/Rainbow location back in November of last year. I believe it was a display item from the Market. Initially we noticed that some led lights on it wouldn't turn off, so the salesperson insisted we delay delivery an extra week so it could be fixed. I also had them check the recliners to make sure they all worked, and they did. So we waited an extra week (so 10+ days total) and when it arrived, the led lights still wouldn't turn off... and one of the power recliners wouldn't work. I  was pretty disappointed that I had waited that extra time for it still not to work, but I called the store and my sales rep arranged to have their technician come back to look at it. Several visits, he thought possibly the power adapter missing batteries might be the problem. He came back a few days later, but that didn't fix the issue.  A week or so later, my dog jumped on that side of the sofa and the recliner kicked on and opened all the way. So I called the store and the technician, and the person at the store called me to arrange to have it picked up and for me to come back and pick something else out. I never asked to have it swapped out, and told her so. We had been looking for a sofa for months, so why would I want to return it for something else? I just wanted to get it fixed. I have made umteen number of calls, spoken to numerous people about the issue and no one has ever attempted to actually resolve the issue. In the beginning people would call me back, to tell me they were trying to get in touch with Colleen to offer me some resolution... but that has never happened. Over the months, every day or so when my toddler or dog walk across that seat, the recliner opens up all the way, we have to pull the sofa out, unplug and replug it in to get it to close. But the manual buttons still have never once worked. So about a month ago I called and left yet another message for Amber in their main office, stating that I was incredibly upset no one would get back to me to help me get it fixed, begging her to call me back... and surprise, surpise nope...I never got a call back. Finally today I did some research and located a phone number for the manufacturer and called them, they immediately offered to send out a part that will hopefully fix my issue. I dont understand why Colleen's didn't attempt this, or heck even just give me their contact information to call myself. It's such a shame. My sales rep Alaina was awesome, the staff has always been friendly... but they need to work on handling customer issues. I should never have had to make so many phone calls without ever getting any resolution. They could have easily just passed along the manufacturers information and suggested I contact them for warranty repair. I will probably still shop there on occasion, but will definitely have more reservations about what I purchase or recommending friends or clients to them.
4	I love all of Colleen's Consignment stores. If we are looking for furniture, we always start here.  Because of the nature of the store, and the type of business, you need to go and check stuff out every few weeks. And if you see something you like, speak up! I found stool I likes, browsed the showroom and when I went to grab it....it was sold! My fault!Fun store with a fantastic staff!Worth checking out!
4	This store is really cool. A little bit on the expensive side sometimes; but good for the really unique items. I first went to this location and bought a table and sofa. The first table that I got broke and at the base. The staff at Colleens were super amazing. Instead of delivering a broken table, they called me, informed me of the situation and got store and I got an even better table. It was the table I originally wanted but price was too hight. It went down a couple of weeks later. Love my chair and table and the staff were amazing
