3	I usually visit this store if I'm looking for something pretty specific regarding clothing, housewares, or luggage.  It is actually not a bad store to visit... everything is kept pretty orderly and you can almost spend hours here if you are really shopping.  Having an older sister, I can locate the benches and places to sit at department stores pretty quickly... but Kohl's has a good mix of guys and gals stuff so you can walk around and browse instead of finding a place to park your behind.Some of the items can tend to run on the expensive side, but they do have a good clearance rack and you can find deals (just have to take the time to look for them).Every now-and-then the cashier line goes down the asile, but they do a pretty good job of keeping the line moving (most of the time).  I do have one semi-bad memory at this store where I thought it would be a great idea to get a couple of pillows on sale for Black Friday.  BAD IDEA.... everyone apparently had the same idea, if not more and I pretty much got elbowed by a grandma on a mission to get her Black Friday money's worth.
5	This is a review for tall people.  Kohl's sells many things, including a plethora of (overpriced imho, but that's what you get when it has Rachael Ray's face on it) Food Network-themed kitchenware.  They have good sales, the store is generally kept clean, and the lines usually move quickly.None of the above is the reason for my five-star review, however.  I rate Kohl's so highly because they carry the highly-coveted "T" sizes. No other store in Matthews does, so Kohl's saves me trips to JCPenney or Esquire as long as I don't need anything extremely specific.I learned long ago that the "cool" stores don't carry clothes for people of my stretchy length.  As long as Kohl's does, however, I suppose I shall make do.
5	I've found myself becoming quite the regular at Kohl's.  In many respects, they are like many of the other comparable department stores.  Sell a lot of the same lines, and you can expect a lot of the same experiences.  What sets them apart, though, are the sales.  No one can rival Kohl's sales and clearance specials.  Off sale, yeah, they can be just as pricy as the next place.  But when I can get a $170 designer sport coat on sale for $45, and then use a $10 off coupon on top of that...that's a no-brainer!  Nearly every trip, I've saved double or triple the amount I actually spent.  The staff are very professional and helpful, and you feel as though you've had that mall experience without the credit hangover the next day.  As far as I'm concerned, Kohl's is usually my first stop when I need clothes or a gift.
4	I love Kohl's but am I actually getting good deals? I swear their sale prices fluctuate by day. A lot of times you fill find great prices.Other times, they'll try to sucker-punch you with one of those "buy one-get one 1/2 off" deals that are a total rip. "Kohl's Cash" deals are pretty good but when you make the return to shop again in the small window of time you get to use it, it seems like the prices are jacked up once again. Your best bet is to take advantage of their 15% coupon deals or "early bird/night owl" sales, but I still wonder if there is some price gouging going on? One would have to go there on a weekly basis and make some sort of research into the price fluctuations. I don't have the time. I just hope/pray I'm getting a good deal.This particular Kohl's has the better layout over the Pineville location. Who needs 2 floors? There's always a mighty fine selection of Men's clothing but I find myself shopping in Young Men's as well. It's hard to draw that line on what is and isn't "fashionable" still for a man of my age (45). Some of the clothes in the "regular" Men's seem to be for codgers older than myself, so I try to hold on to what little youth I have left and shop "younger". They really need to separate the Big & Tall clothes elsewhere. I can see my larger friends having to hunt and peck for their clothing. Their clearance rack is pretty extensive and the employees do a great job of keeping the sizes separate. These racks are usually chock full of the other season's clothing, so you can get some great deals if you can wait a few months to wear 'em.The lines at the registers are pretty bad on the weekends, but the employees are always friendly. One thing I wish they would NOT do is ask people to sign up for  future discounts when they're making their purchases, because that is a little too time consuming.Your pal,Walter
4	I go to Kohls with my parents. I used to despise going to Kohls until recently!Place - Huge store with everything.Clothes -  I adore LC (Lauren Conrad's) clothing line. I find her to be fashionable and loved her sweaters, blue denim shirts, and cute blouses. Whenever I have a chance to stop into Kohl's, I immediately head over to her line of clothing to see what they have. Christmas Decor - If you know me, you know I love to decorate with some class. I bought pretty red/off white stockings and loved that they are better than the ones I have seen.Price - Awesome! I mean.. when you have Kohl's cash on top of sale price, it makes shopping a bit more fun, and addicting. I find myself having to come back before the coupon expires to spend on something else.Items you can get - Rachel Ray's kitchen items, Lauren Conrad's jewelry and clothing, Vera Wang's the hip line, blankets and throws, men's suit on a good deal, and etc.. Like other reviewers, I have also found myself becoming a regular.
5	I'm so disappointed that it has taken me this long to go in a Kohls! This location is a bit difficult to get to, but parking is plentiful! When I walked in the juniors section was immediately on my right and I steered very clear of that section. Some of those shorts wouldn't even fit around my thigh. I digress, the women's clothing selection is huge. It is a wide range of clothing that I feel encompasses young professionals to my grandmothers style as well. I love a store like that. My favorite part is they have rock and republic! The prices weren't falling over cheap but they did have some sales as well as a coupon. The store also has a great skin care area and has a little bit of a mix of high end and low end skin care. I could have spent hours in this store and tried on way more than I actually did. The selection of clothes make it a great one stop shop. I am glad I stopped in and discovered a new love for the store!
5	I have to agree with an earlier review...good clothes for tall men! My husband is 6 foot 4 and has arms to match. It is hard finding things that fit without looking like he's out grown them. But Kohls carries an abundance of long arms and legs! Happy we discovered this!
4	I don't typically do much of the shopping in our household, but I have to say that Kohl's isn't a bad choice. The staff there is friendly, and the selection isn't horrible. they also offer some pretty solid coupons just about year-round, so keep your eyes out for them.The bad part is that it can be difficult to find items, especially if you're looking over their sale/clearance racks because there is no order to begin with, and when others start looking through them, it just gets worse - items are moved around, and new clothes get mixed in with the sale items pretty regularly.If you persevere, however, they are definitely worthwhile. It can just take you a bit to get there.
5	Kohls is an amazing store to get lost in, if you have time. You can find so much variety for your wardrobe at great prices. The people who work here are friendly and helpful. There clearance is expensive but I feel that maybe more of a marketing scheme to make you feel good about the price. Either way I love this place
