5	We've been coming here for a long time now. Always very friendly, great service. Very clean and nice.  We've been seeing Jayme and just love her!
5	My mom and I had our hair and makeup done here for my wedding last weekend.Katie did my hair and even though I didn't even come in for a trial, she looked at pictures that I emailed her in advance and created the most beautiful, romantic wedding updo that I could have ever imagined.  It was even more beautiful than the hair in all the pictures I showed her!  Everyone said my hair was stunning, it looked good the entire night and I was beyond happy with it.My mom looked gorgeous too with natural-looking yet beautiful makeup and hair.The whole staff at Studio C took good care of us, including the owner.  The salon was beautiful too.  Can't recommend them enough!
5	Studio C is a bright, friendly and knowledgeable Salon.  Christie, the owner is always there to offer help and information on any and all of their products.  Just recently, I was inquiring about the Skin Care Line that they carry, which is the Rhonda Allison line.  Christie was informative and then directed me to her aesthetician, Jayme, who I received the most delicious facial, using the Rhonda Alison line.  It was THE BEST facial I have ever received!  It also included  a wonderful foot and arm massage.  Yummy!  Also, I get my haircut there, also.  My technician is Lauren.  She is right there with the cutting edge on how to cut and style hair.  Mine is short and fine and requires a certain edgy cut.   She is right on it!  Thanks to all, Christie, Lauren, and Jayme!  It is always a treat to come to your salon and be greeted with a friendly atmosphere and great pampering.
5	Amazing experience and excellent customer service!   The salon is well decorated in white and citrus green, very well kept and clean and they carry a great variety of beauty products.  I had a full set of lash extensions (first time ever) with Jayme and she a fantastic job!  She made sure I was comfortable through the entire session.   The manager, Lori, checked in with me and made sure that I was happy with the services I received.  Will be going back for my fills and to try the other services they provide - definitely recommend!!
5	If you are thinking about getting eyelash extensions you must go to Rachel Lee. I have been going to her for over a year and wouldn't dare think about going anywhere else. I have had extensions done by others in the past but none have looked as good or last as long as Rachel's work.  She makes my lashes full, thick and long, however, they don't look fake.  I constantly have people commenting on how beautiful my nature lashes are.  Everyone is stunned when I tell them they are lash extensions.  If you want to get your lashes done you are in great hands with Rachel!!!
5	Studio C Hair Salon was very clean and tastefully decorated.   I was greeted immediately and the staff was friendly and professional.  The salon uses Kerastase hair products and their staff creates cutting edge hair styles.  My hair was in drastic need of a highlight and cut.  My stylist was Lori and this was my first time having my hair cut by her.  Lori spent a great deal of time with me talking over the color and style that I wanted.  She highlighted and colored my hair.  This was my first experience with coloring my hair and I truly loved the color and highlights she put in my hair.  I expressed to Lori that I wanted her to show me how to style my hair when I do it on my own.  The cut was versatile and able to be worn a few different ways.  Lori took the time to teach me how to style my hair in a variety of ways.  Prior to leaving I booked another hair appointment with Lori because I was thrilled with my haircut and color.  Lori did an amazing job on my hair.  I truly appreciated her attention to detail and the time she took with me.  I look forward to all of my future cut and colors with Lori.
5	I went to see Jennie L. and she was just a ray of light and so fun to be around.  She is very passionate about her work and it shows in her finished product. The salon was very clean and beautiful and the other women working there were very friendly as well.  I thoroughly  enjoyed my experience and cannot wait to go back! Ask for Jennie, she does an amazing job with hair!!
5	This was an awesome salon!! Went in because of a Groupon deal for nails and now I think I will try it out when I get my hair done. Leah was the sweetest and did a fantastic job on my nails. The whole staff seemed really nice and welcoming. At first they couldn't fit me in for an appt but asked for my number and called me back soon after and got me in! Beautiful salon and extremely clean. I can't wait to try everything else out!!
5	Came here on a Groupon for mani/pedi.  What a pleasant surprise!  Salon is clean and pretty and the nail tech (Kathy) was a pro.  Did a great job on my nails (what a cute area...with cushy bench seating & lime-green velour bolsters) and was so fun to talk to! Everyone, from the front desk person (thank you Tamra) to the stylists, were friendly and welcoming.  Plus, they have a great lineup of products.  This salon isn't convenient for me, but I'll gladly drive the 30 miles round-trip to Studio C. where the emphasis is on customer service & a job well done.  Thank you for a relaxing hour:)
5	Studio C is a wonderful place to have a relaxing Manicure and Pedicure. Baylee was very professional and so very pleasant to talk with. This was my first mani-pedi in a very long time and I'm very happy I picked Studio C! Everyone is nice and friendly and made me feel very welcomed and appreciated. Great attention to detail. Will return for sure and likely get gift certificates for my family and friends! Love the location in Carefree, AZ! Beautiful Place.
5	Love the staff and the service - very attentive. So glad I found Lori, she knows how to cut/shape thick hair!
