4	This place is dope if you have children. I took my niece for a late lunch yesterday and they were really cheery and nice at the beginning before they got a tad busier then it was a little hard to order anything else from the server I think she was alone the managers didnt seem to be doing much. The server was very helpful they even give you nickels for the juke. I had a grilled cheese on sourdough with fries it did the trick. I like Johnny Rockets, for first timers its even better I like to see kids happy faces.
2	I've tried to eat here three times, and only managed to actually get a meal delivered once.The other two times, I walked in, sat at the counter and couldn't make eye-contact with a server.  They appeared to be too busy to get around to taking my order.  After a 10 minute wait, I left.
3	I guess I never reviewed this place. Well I went again today because i needed to go to the Alltel store (which relocated) and was hungry. I had the $5.99 single fries special. The burger was thin and over cooked, asked for Medium, they added onions when I asked for none, (did I mention I was the only person there while he was cooking my burger?) the bun was fresh and the flavor was ok. The fries were good but really who cares they are frozen fries. The Sprite was kept full but should be at $2.59 lol Total $11.09 for a shitty burger and fries, and a sprite. Skip JR and go to Johnny's of Chicago down the road and get a hand pattied 1/2lb flame cooked burger with fries and a drink for $10Service was good though.
4	This place is fun. Good burgers and shakes. Good for just a fast bite. Chase out!
2	Working off schedules at the hospital this month does have its benefits.  This morning, I saw my favorite girl and Smart Shopper Daphne Monroe on the news telling me about the deal of the day... burger, fries and milkshake from Johnny Rockets for only $3.99.  My partner has always refuses to eat there, and he was working, so why not try it?  My Smart Shopper card and I were on a mission.I live close to one of the four participating locations, and got there at 11:30am.  I expected a line of Smart Shoppers to be waiting in line for the deal, and was surprised when there were only about 7 tables taken and 12 customers.  That should have been the first sign to run.I quickly ordered the deal of the day, with a chocolate shake, and a diet coke.  The waitress took my order, and quickly returned with my soda and some nickels for the jukebox.  Cool.  Then I waited.  And waited.  And waited.....After about 40 minutes and three diet cokes, I overheard a conversation between the manager and my waitress.  Mind you the place is open, which means the grill is in view, the shake maker, etc.  I wasn't even near the center and was able to hear.  My waitress told the manager that one of her customers wanted a soda instead of a shake.  The manager told her too bad, the deal comes with a shake, so they needed to pay for the soda.  Were they talking about me?  I always expected to pay for my soda, since it was an extra item.  Mind you, I still didn't get my shake, but the manager who was making the shakes was VERY concentrated on making shakes.  I mean 5 minutes to make per shake concentrating.  That's all he did was make shakes, rather slooowly.  I saw maybe 6 made in a 40 minute window.  A few minutes later, my food arrived.  I reminded the waitress I ordered a chocolate shake, to which she said "ok", and walked away.  She scooted to her manager, and said "problem solved, he wants a chocolate shake", to which the manager replied "too bad".  I was really hoping he had a dry, sarcastic personality like me.So on to the food.  The burger was delicious.  It had a little too much mayo, but I guess that's why they wrap it in paper.  The bun was rather large and a little cold, like it just came out of the fridge, but it was good.  The pickles were thick, the burger had a few crispy, overcooked spots, but flavorful.   For some reason I expected a tiny patty, but it was a good size.  It was worth buying.  The fries on the other hand, cold.  I like salt on my fries, so nothing irks me more than getting cold, unsalted fries.  Yuck.After eating extra leisurely, in hopes of eventually getting my milkshake, it never came.  I waited about 10 minutes after I ate, and got my check, but no shake.  At least I didn't have to argue about the bill, since I was charged only $3.99 for the deal of the day.  I gave the waitress a $20. bill and got back $5. and change.  What???  After I walked over to my waitress, and explained I only got $5, she apologized and gave me back $10.  As this occurred, the disgruntled manager making milkshakes gave a dirty glare and snicker to the waitress and I.  I got the hell out of there as quick as I could.Would I return?  No.  I may be willing to pay $2.99 for a burger a la carte, if they offered it.  Instead, you have to order a burger and all-you-can eat fries for $5.99.  I asked if someone can get the burger alone to go or to eat in, and was told no.  A soda cost $2.50, and a shake $4.29, definitely not worth the price.  Everything was slow motion, like my time machine back to the 1950's broke and I was stuck in slow motion.  It took almost an hour to get a burger and fries.  I'm sure it would have been an hour and a half if I ever got the milkshake.  The service was horrible, but when you look at the manager it's no wonder.  These poor miserable kids are a slave to the 1950's with a manager who is rude and disrespectful not only to the staff, but also to the customers.  I would also have a hard time enjoying my job and going to work under those conditions.  I know these restaurants are franchised, so hopefully the manager was not the owner.  Either way, good luck trying to stay in business with him schlepping around.
2	$3.99 Deal of the Day, service not included...I too came in for the Deal of the Day expecting a mob of people, but the place was just over half full.  We were seated at a dirty table in the corner.  Once we placed our simple order (4 burgers, 4 shakes) we waited. And waited. And waited.  The server explained that they were short staffed so I was ready to cut them some slack, but we continued to wait.  It took well over half an hour to receive our food, and we again didn't see our server again until someone else brought our shakes halfway through the meal.  Thought the waiting was finished, but we were wrong.  We didn't see our server, let alone another employee, for quite some time.  All we saw was a near empty dining area that looked like a bomb had been set off, with almost every table in the place covered with dirty shake glasses and various other food debris.  We finally had to go to the other side of the restaurant to inform someone we'd like to pay and leave.  It was almost like it was an inconvenience to them to ask.  There was no sense of urgency to any of the "short staffed" employees, if I had paid $4.99 or more for my meal I'd be a little more upset.  We weren't the only ones who left this place disgruntled, it's a miracle this location has remained open this long with this level of customer service...
2	My kids love this place, me not so much.  Tonight I finally said no more.  Everytime we go the service is lacking.  Tonight was especially poor.  It took 20 minutes to get our drinks, and the waiter admitted he forgot to get them.  A couple that arrived 10 minutes after us got their food at least 10 minutes before us.  We were told they were busy.  We arrived at 6:45 and left at 8:00 for average fries and drinks.  Also, we asked if kids eat free and were told yes.  My wife ordered the special, but they neglected to tell us if you get the special you don't get the kids free meal.  Considering we asked they should've mentioned that.  They did knock off 2.75 for it being so late.  It was a miserable experience and lesson learned.  If you really are craving Johnny Rockets go to Arrowhead or Tempe-much better service.  The plates were so small you couldn't even put ketchup on them for your fries.
1	I got a call from someone that said they were the manager.  They didn't leave a call back number, and said they would try me later.  That was 5 days ago and I haven't heard from them yet.  Got an email from their corporate office that basically stated that the store I visited was a franchise and they were sorry, but basically we aren't doing anyting.
1	We went in on a Wed night hoping theyd be like a steak and shake. After sitting in our booth for 15 minutes being ignored, we sent one of the kids to the counter asking where to order at. another 5 minutes passes and a waiter comes to the table, service was slow, we had to beg for drink refills, 1 of the kids meals was made wrong, and my 15 yr old brother ordered bbq wings from the appetizer section and they brought him chicken strips and fries, he ate that because he didn't want to wait even longer then we had. We won't go back. Tried it once, and that was enough,  a shame the food sucks because my husband really liked his shake!
3	The wait staff seems to do the best they can - but it seems that the can't keep up when the place fills up. Staffing seems inconsistent but the people are generally nice. It's cool to go there after a movie.I went there yesterday with hubs around 7pm. They have one cook maybe 2-3 waitstaff. The server we had really tried to keep up - but he was running. The food was VERY good! I had grilled chicken on a wheat bun with American Fries.  $5.00 plate special.  I enjoy going there now because they have the wheat bun option and they now serve BOCA burgers! The chicken was really outstanding...but as my hubby says "don't go there if you're in a hurry".  Sometimes it can be quick if you sit at the counter...but not always.  Overall a fun place to go if you're chill and have something to do - or someone you want to visit with over a milkshake.On a happy note I have gone in there when they are properly staffed and they are dancing to "Stayin' Alive"...and ya gotta admit that's endearing!
4	Long wait and very limited seating
1	My kids love this place and I keep getting suckered back in but never again.  Ants on the table was a bit much-and the lack of apology or offer to discount or meal sealed it for me.  This place is banned from my list forever.
2	This location has some huge opportunities with staff and facilities. Our we went there on a Friday evening just before Halloween). It was busy but not so much as a wait. Our waitress didn't seem to want to be there that night. Other patrons would not control their own children and it seemed like a circus.  The restroom has not been cleaned up or restocked in some time and just smelled horrible. Hopefully it was an isolated issue but I have a feeling its not.
4	Good food, and a blast from the past. Great slice of Americana!
5	Not sure why today was better than all the other times. I always remember johnny rockets in cali having terrible service. Pretty damn good
3	Went here before a movie, some food was warm some was cool.  but we made the movie in time!!
