5	La Palapa is an amazing addition to Pittsburgh.  I went with a friend, at nine pm on a Thursday evening, to this new BYOB. We were greeted immediately by a very friendly person upon walking in the door.  It is a small, well lit and clean restaurant with interesting artwork on the walls.  The menu is even more interesting with a range of authentic Mexican dishes.  We began with the guacamole and chips and agreed this wonderfully chunky guacamole was amazing, and we promptly are it up. Everything looked exciting on the menu, so it being my first of many visits, we ordered the sampler to share.  When the plate arrived, it was a beautiful set of sights, smell and tastes!  It was well portioned, more than enough to satisfy two very hungry people.  I recommend La Palapa to everyone, it's a brilliant combination of wonderful service, amazing authentic eats at extremely reasonable prices.
4	This place definitely exceeded my expectations. My boyfriend and I have been waiting for a good, not too expensive Spanish restaurant and here came La Palapa. First off we ordered chicken nachos, proved to be phenomenal. Fresh/homemade nachos, pulled chicken, guacamole, and all other things delicious. Surprised us we just expected regular ol nachos. Then we both ordered from the churrasco section and were blow away. I got tbone with rice and sweet potato fries. The tbone was seasoned pretty darn good and cooked to order and I never knew sweet potato fries could be so amazing from a Mexican place. The chicken seasoning made my boyfriend surrender to deliciousness, he put his fork down and said "im done. This is too good". Ended it all with a nice coffee. Not one complaint! Except they didn't give us Ice with the water which i thought was weird, but I'm sure they would have gave me some if I asked. Also BYOB nice touch always. The owner and staff were also a pleasant part of the whole thing, so friendly and personable. Will be going back.... Quite often.
5	It's finally here! Mexican food in Pittsburgh that is amazing. I ordered the Chorizo, Barbacoa and Pollo tacos. They not only had generous portions but the meat was perfectly seasoned. The toppings were not too heavy or too light and the prices were low ($3.25 a taco). This tastes like genuine Mexican food, and this isn't something I experience often (if ever) in Pittsburgh.Beyond great food you can expect excellent service, our server Lester was friendly and attentive. A really good server is proactive and when our Mexican cokes were low he brought us glasses of water without any input from us. The owner was also very friendly and checked up on us. We felt at home and stayed to talk with them about how they're enjoying Pittsburgh. You can get take out (which I will be doing frequently) or eat in where there's seating for around 20 or so peopleThe place has a great atmosphere and is conveniently located at a good part of the South Side. I can't wait to stop by again!
3	NIce little Mexican restaurant.  Seats about 20.Nice selection of some traditional Mexican food.  Selected the lunch special. The Sopa de Verdure (Veggie soup) is not your mothers veggie soup, due to the cilantro.  It was tasty with lots of veggies.  The agua fresca horchata was very refreshing. The empanada and enchilada were good but the endhilada was on the cold side.
4	This is a nice little joint that fills in the gap that Southside desperately needed...non garbage Mexican food.It's quite tasty, sometimes a little pricey, but generally it's worth your time. I've been here more than a few times at this point and I'd gladly go back. The lunch special is very economical.I worry that their menu may need a tiny bit of trimming down, but perhaps I'm wrong. I just wish they gave out free salsa still :(The dude behind the register has always been quite friendly as well.GL dudes!
4	I visited La Palapa with a friend on a Friday early evening.  It wasn't very crowded when we came in but it filled up around 7 pm.  It's a small joint - the former site of Thai Me Up - but when filled it wasn't loud.  The lighting is warm and the restaurant seems inviting.  The staff is incredibly nice.  They were really accommodating with seating requests and such.  The restaurant is BYOB and they offered to chill the white wine we brought while we waited.  I thought the food was rather good, especially for Mexican in Pittsburgh.  I think this is the closest thing we have to "real" Mexican food within Pittsburgh city limits, especially due to the demise of Mexico City (health code violations = death).  The chips were good - they reminded me of the style they serve at Las Velas, but seemed fresher and tasted better than those at Las Velas.  The guacamole tasted very good, although I didn't really think about it much at the time.I ordered enchiladas which were marketed as being able to be served with chicken or beef, but the waiter told me I could have any meat listed at the bottom of the menu (this included chorizo, I believe seafood options, et al.). I chose pulled pork.  I thought the pulled pork enchiladas were very well done.  The pulled pork itself was moist and marinated well.  The corn tortillas (you can choose corn or flour for all dishes - this is great for me, who tries to avoid gluten) seemed really fresh.  I've been a lot of places where the corn tortillas fall apart easily, or where they are stale.  I was really happy with my meal as a whole.Another plus is that they will run your credit card at your table with the ipad, and you can choose your tip portion by percentage.  I thought that was nice.Overall - I thought this was a great dining experience.
3	Authentic? Yes. (My waiters name was Jesus. Not run by white people pretending to make good Mexican dishes) Hole in the wall atmosphere? Check.Did our food take long to prepare? Nope. This is one of those places you feel bad about. We went on a Sunday night around 7PM and it was empty. The staff bought pizza from another shop for dinner.  Apparently they must've been bored eating the same thing every night. Food was good. We got chips and salsa and guacamole. Salsa was warm and the chips were salty. The guac was fresh. My lady got their barbacoa which was rather tasty. The beans and rice were a nice side. I got the half chicken and rice and potatoes. I would've given this place 4 stars if it weren't for the fact that my chicken was cold and they needed to bring it back to the kitchen to reheat it which dried the meat out. Looks like they cook everything in the morning and then just reheat it which kind of ruins the authenticity. It is BYOB with a $3 corking charge. Which is cool. And they have soda with real sugar in it which is a nice touch. Overall would I come back? Probably not. Mad mex has that market on lock and Chipotle is the way to go for fast food. But it is a nice little local joint.
4	I went there tonight for dinner.I had Horchata (first time I've had it so can't really compare, but it was tasty).  Chile Rellno which was great.  Chips and guacamole - guacamole was very fresh.  Then I had three tacos - chorizo, fish, and pulled pork.  All of them were large with substantial amounts of very flavorful meat.The total was $25 with tip so it isn't extremely cheap, but if you just want a meal the tacos itself were about $11.Our waitress was very sweet and helpful.Of the mexican places I've been to recently in Pittsburgh (place below Reyna's, Mad Mex, Cantina)  I would say this is the best.  The only bad part is no alcohol but it is BYOB.
4	Good mexican food. Nice place.
5	The home made Mexican food in the sahside! Come on in and feel at home. They are very welcoming people!! Food? GREAT!!! Ask Me!!
5	So good. Fresh ingredients with a perfectly balanced hot sauce.  A rare find on this coast.
4	The Palabras Corn Soup is FANTASTIC! I would recommend stopping in - the menu looks great. I had the quesadilla and soup. Very affordable and friendly staff.
4	I've been here twice for lunch, and it's very good! I love authentic Mexican food and this definitely hits the spot. The price is good, too. I hope La Palapa sticks around because Southside was in need of a good, authentic Mexican restaurant. It finally has one!
4	The food was excellent and you get so much for the price. I ordered a fish taco, a chicken quesadilla and a barbacoa quesadilla. I was too ambitious but managed to try all of them. The chicken was my favorite. They used a decent amount of meat in all of them and the tortillas were clearly freshly made and yummy. It is a small place but great for a date or low key night out. The staff are all very friendly and our waiter was very attentive. I don't think they have ac but they had a fan on and it wasn't uncomfortable. No complaints. I'll definitely be back.
5	A new favorite! I lived in rural southern Oregon for many years, and mourned the absence of real, home-cooked Mexican food in Pittsburgh when I came here 14 years ago. Things have improved somewhat since then, but I still hadn't found a place that filled that hole - until I came here. My significant other and I brought my daughter here for dinner to celebrate her birthday, and relished every bite that was laid in front of us. We started with chips and guacamole - warm out-of-the-fryer chips, not too salty, and fresh guac. Heaven. I had the special - tilapia stuffed with spinach with tequila sauce, a fresh, light sauce with chopped tomatoes that was delectable. S.O. had the seafood stew, which he devoured and said contained the best mussels he'd ever eaten. My daughter chose the fajitas, which she also raved about.The seating area is small, but we got right in even on a Saturday night, and the staff were super-friendly. We will definitely be back!
2	I read in the paper this morning that La Palapa was supposed to be minimal and authentic but it is really just the opposite. The staff was very friendly, and yes they are mexican but I believe they truly want to please the American palate. The food was not authentic whatsoever. I ordered beef tongue tacos. The tongue itself was really delicious and tender. However, an authentic taco only comes with onion and cilantro on it - this taco had fucking rice on it, as well as cheese, sour cream, and pico de gallo. It was really excessive and unappetizing, especially if you have ever experienced authentic Mexican food.I also ordered a chorizo and potato quesadilla. It was hot and crispy, but it wasn't even chorizo - more like some ground meat seasoned like chorizo.. not even that spicy which was also disappointing - and I know it is a quesadilla but the cheese was really heavy.As a Mexican-American restaurant it would be really good, but to call it authentic is bullshit.
4	Good Mexican food. I came here with my colleague/friend on the July 4 long weekend while visiting Pittsburgh. Decided to try the place before we headed out for clubbing on South side. The portions are pretty generous for the price, atleast coming from NYC feels the portions are good and without compromising on the quality. The sauces are pretty good. The chips we had ordered were too oily. Mentioned it to the partner/hostess and she was apologetic saying they make it fresh and the person in kitchen might not have rested it to let the extra oil drain. Verdict - A good Mexican place on South side. Definitely worth vist(s)
5	Muy Delisiosa! (I don't know if that is technically correct) I'll definitely be back to this cozy, very delicious Mexican restaurant as it hit my need for yummy spicy food.
5	I have been to La Palapa twice, an intimate and unassuming little place that serves the most exquisite Mexican food that will ever grace your day. From the home made chips and salsa through the taco and burrito plates, I doubt you will find such tasty and authentic food anywhere in Pixburgh. An additional treat is the fresh fruit beverage concocted everyday, at least in the summer. If you are served by Alberto, you are in good hands. I would think that the great dining here would could only be matched by being a guest at a dinner at a friend's home in Juarez or Tijuana. It's that authentic and that good. In fact, stop reading now and head on to the SousSide for the fish tacos or the potato flautas. Thank  me later.
4	I stopped by here this last Thursday evening with my fiance and another couple for dinner.  We arrived shortly after 7 PM to a completely packed restaurant with no tables available.  Thankfully our friends were already there and had grabbed the last table for all of us.  La Palapa isn't a terribly large place and I would guess that it can seat about 30 people or so in the dining room.  This means that it can get very loud in there especially whenever there are larger groups at some of the tables as there was on this Thursday. It is decorated with photos on the walls from what I imagine to be Mexico.Our group decided to start off the night by splitting both the chips and queso as well as the chips and guacamole for our appetizers.  The chips seemed to be freshly made but were pretty oily and seemed to lack some seasoning.  They were crunchy though and tasted good in both of the dips, each of which was creamy and delicious in its own way.   For my entree I decided on the enchiladas nortenas which consisted of 3 chicken enchiladas in a red sauce, a 6 oz steak and then the rice and pinto beans that comes with each entree.  I also ended up ordering a barbacoa quesadilla as a side dish to my meal.  All of the parts of my entree were decent with my favorite parts being the steak and the quesadilla.  While the steak seemed to have only been cooked on one side (pink until half on one side, well done on the other), it was thin enough that it still tasted good and I liked that it seemed to have the texture of the skirt steak.  What I liked about the quesadilla was the perfectly crispy shell and the flavor of the meat.  At $3.50, this may have been the best value of the evening for me.  Last but not least, even though we were all stuffed from having eaten our meals, our table decided to finish our meal by splitting a sopapilla.  While it wasn't like the sopapillas that I have had in Arizona, it was still good and seemed like a mash-up of churros and strawberry ice cream done right.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  This place is BYOB, reasonable priced and has some good food, so why not?
5	The fried stuff is a little too oily (aka chips or flautas). But the quesadillas are to-die-for!
5	My boyfriend and I bought some take out for dinner and wow was it tasty. I had the torta and he got two tacos and a quesadilla. All of the food was ready when they said it would be and was really reasonably priced for the amount and quality. We'll definitely go back for seconds!
5	Great, great food. Cheap.
4	If you're looking for more authentic Mexican in Pittsburgh, this is your spot. Satisfying and flavorful portions at a low price point. I had a chicken quesadilla (love that it comes with free guac!) and a carnitas taco. Each were around $3, such a steal. The homemade tortilla chips were a win too.Also, love that it's a BYOB and if you bring your own tequila, they will provide margarita mix!
5	This is my new favorite Mexican restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Byob, great authentic food, and nice service.  I have been there 3 times and have consistently been impressed!!  The restaurant is pretty small, so make reservations, bring a bottle of wine and enjoy!
5	Great hand made Mexican food, very fresh ingredients. Perfectly seasoned with great tastes. Reminds me of good Mexican restaurants in Arizona.
4	I've been wanting to try this place for a very long time! I finally got in there yesterday night and I'm already itching to go back.  It was a Sunday around 7:30 and the place was about half full. My friend and I were both first-timers, so we decided to sample a few appetizers together. We shared a pineapple tamal with the green sauce that was delicious. In retrospect I think I would have liked something with cheese better (bean and cheese/ spinach and cheese were two options of the day that I wished I had gone with), but the green sauce with the tamal was fantastic. I can't wait to try their different varieties in the future. At $4.95, I expect I'll order the tamal appetizer every time I come here. We also shared the chile relleno appetizer, which was good but not too exciting. We got it with half green half mole sauce to try both. Their mole sauce is delicious and has a lot of depth of flavor, but the peppers themselves were underwhelming and there wasn't enough cheese for my taste. We still ate all. of it. I also got a mushroom taco, which sounds a bit strange but was actually delicious. My friend got the barbacoa taco and loved it. $3.25 is a great price for tacos. The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars in my book is the chips and salsa. I'm finally over the fact that you can't get complimentary chips and salsa at any Mexican place in the city limits (unlike most places I have been to outside the city), but when I pay for an item that many places are giving away for free, I expect to get a decent portion. Although it's only about $3, the portion of salsa they give you is really disappointing. It's a tiny little bowl that I think should actually qualify as more of a ramekin. No big deal overall though, just a lesson learned. Pictures on here seem to indicate that cheese and guac come in more appropriately sized bowls. I guess it's just the salsa. Overall I loved it and I can't wait to go back and try something else. I actually wanted to go right back today, but they are closed on Mondays! bummer.
4	A few coworkers and I decided to visit La Palapa for lunch, none of us had been yet, and I couldn't remember the name for the life of me (kept referring to it as "that place where Thai Me Up used to be"). After walking for 15 minutes or so on a hot August afternoon to get here, we were pleased to find that they had A/C, albeit a window unit above the door, but it kept the space cool enough that we were comfortable.The first thing we noticed is the change in decor. Everything is brighter, the space feels a lot more open and welcoming. Our waiter was with us immediately, gave us menus, and quickly went down the list of drinks. One of the options was a pitcher of margarita mix, which means that as several other reviews have previously mentioned, they're BYOB and welcoming of your booze. Unfortunately, no margarita pitcher for us since we all had to head back to work before long.A couple orders for appetizers were put in - the beef empanada, and chips with guac. My first thought was that the chips and guac were a bit on the pricey side. When they came out, though, it was a healthy serving of chips clearly made on-site and a decent amount of guac, both of which tasted great and were worth the expense. The empanada was also good.For a meal, I went with a beef quesadilla and chicken quesadilla, which were both delicious though I was partial to the beef. Also, the right amount of food - enough to satisfy, but not make me feel like I was rolling back to the office.Overall, definitely a nice experience, and we'll be back before long.
5	I had the enchiladas verdes for lunch today.  All the food at the table smelled incredible and it was very delicious.  Most of the tables were empty when we got there . The service was prompt and friendly and they had no problem splitting our checks (we asked before ordering).  I will be going back!
5	This place excellent! I have been there twice now and will go back every chance I get back to Pittsburgh. Entrees:The first time, I got the Mole Poblano con Pollo. It was excellent. I am rarely impressed by moles at restaurants but I took a chance and was thrilled by how good it was. The chicken was flavorful and tender and the mole flavor was complex and truly mouth-watering.The second time I went, I got the Lengua en Salsa Verde. The meat (locally sourced) was tender and flavorful and the salsa verde had lots of flavor with the perfect amount of heat. Sides:For both entrees, the accompanying rice and beans were delicious. I also got the soup special: nopal (cactus) and corn soup...savory with the nopal providing a uniquely flavored crunch.Dessert: Finally, I had coconut flan with raspberry drizzled on it...I am not much of a sweets person, but the flan was perfect and beautifully presented.
4	La Palapa is going to be my new Mexican local spot. I love the BYOB factor and the food is fresh and filling. It's authentic Mexican with a local twist. Definitely give it a try.
4	Their tamales are very good and the chips are amazing. The cheese dip and guacamole portions are rather small. I guess that would be my only issue with my experience. Other than that, wonderful food :)
4	La Palapa is the quintessential example of my favorite type of ethnic restaurant: a hole-in-the-wall with great food.  I visited last Sat. with a couple of friends after seeing a movie at the South Side Works cinema.  I tried a sample of the tamales at the Yelp Burgh Bash, and since then, had been wanting to try this place out, so the movie afforded a great opportunity for a visit.Between three of us, we ordered the platter ("charola") para dos and an a la carte entree order of tamales.  The platter comes with the following items: taco, quesadilla, empanada, tamale, flauta, chicken, and ribs, plus rice and veggies.  In addition, I believe we were given an extra quesadilla.  We ordered a variety of different meats, including chicken, pork, and chorizo, as well as beans/peppers for the fillings.  Because there were so many different items, it's hard for me to remember the details, but most of them were very well-executed and delicious, with the standout being the tamales.  The only items we found lacking a bit were the taco (the chorizo's flavor was a bit off) and the empanada, whose filling I found a bit too liquidy, and my one friend found a bit too piquant.One minor disappointment was that they were out of agua fresca (pineapple that day) and horchata by the time that we visited (around 8pm).  Since we hadn't brought any booze, we ordered Jarritos soda instead (lime for me, and orange and pineapple for my friends), which was good, but likely not as good as the freshly-made bebidas.The ambiance in this place is exactly what I look for in a good hole-in-the-wall eatery, complete with interesting and culturally-appropriate decorations, music, and friendly service.  Given the hour at which we visited, the dining room was only 1/3-1/2 full, with one party of somewhat boisterous middle-aged women who'd taken advantage of the BYOB policy to the fullest comprising most of the diners.  Their fun didn't detract from ours, though, since they were pretty well-behaved, although it did make things more interesting--one of them bade us a rather obsequious goodbye on the way out.  We felt that the portions were generous and the prices were inexpensive.In sum, if you're hungry for a quality and authentic Mexican meal at a good value in the South Side, check La Palapa out!  4.5 stars.
2	Food and salsa were all let downs.The place echos with loud noise It's a tiny place with harsh lighting.Go to Taco Bell and be happierWe brought our own tequila and bought their sour mixer . We didn't care for it, too much sugar and not enough limes ..then after bringing our own liquor and paying for mediocre sours mix, they were charging us $6 for a glass fee for 2 of us.This is not a swanky place, they don't even have a liquor license ! After a bad and loud meal, this $6 was ridiculous.The waitress stands over you to finalize the bill with an iPad . They have the tip percentages spelled out for you . A bit awkward.
