3	Charley's has pretty good hot  sub sandwiches, and good lemonade.  Their fries are decent but nothing special.
3	I remember when Charley's Grilled Subs first opened on State, back during my earlier college years.  I remember that when it first opened I was extremely  happy, because for whatever reason I was in a major Philly cheesesteak phase.  It was something I'd always order at restaurants and even make special trips to the West Towne Mall food court to hit up the Steak Escape.  I've never even been to Philadelphia and I probably wouldn't know a good cheesesteak from a bad one.  It didn't really matter - that is what I yearned for, and my wishes were answered when Charley's opened.Back then I went all the time, usually getting the regular Philly with fries but basically trying everything on the menu.  I probably came here at least once a week in between classes or after a session at Memorial Library.  I'd have to say it was my favorite restaurant in Madison at the time.Fast forward five years and I'm living in Middleton.  I haven't been to Charley's since college, but my friends and I need to grab a quick bite before the UW Hockey game.  I've been basically out of town for the better part of a month and I get the sudden urge to see if Charley's is as good as I remember.  Short answer: yes!  The Italian Deli sandwich was delicious.  I skipped the fries as I never was a huge fan and went with a large sandwich.  Long answer: not quite so much...  It turns out I'm not used to eating this type of food anymore, and the heartburn became intense around the second period.  I shared this discomfort with my friend, and we both spent the remainder of the night saying "Oh, there goes the Charley's again."
3	Three words--chilli cheese fries.  YUM!
3	Mediocre cheesesteaks.  Nothing much else to say.  Bleh.  I've had better cheesesteaks at airports around the country.  I'm sure people only eat here because of the location.
4	I really do love this place.When I was in school at least, they had decently cheap deals on Tuesdays, a large cheesesteak and fries for like $6, normally $9. At one point I scheduled myself around when I would go here on Tuesdays.One day I was passing through the MSP airport and saw it in the foodcourt for the briefest of moments but couldn't stay (and it was 6am), deeply disappointed.Always go back when I go to Madison, really good for a basic chain!
