2	The food is good! The big problem here is you may need to park next door or across the street because Donatos delivery drivers take up the parking spots. So don't go if the weather is bad!!!!!
2	I'm a cafeteria lover.  When I saw the "now open" sign for a new cafeteria in SouthPark, I was giddy!  It took me a few times driving by to figure out that the "cafeteria" is in the building along with Bojangles and all the other things.  Basically it's a secondary food court in the area.  Nonetheless I'm willing to give it a try, and a try is all they're going to get.Before I go any further, let's explain why I enjoy cafeteria dining.  For one, it's quick... foods are ready, just a matter of going down the line. Second, it provides varieties that I can choose from, and I can order as much or as little as I wish.  Lastly and more importantly, it's cheap for the amount of food I get.  This cafeteria fails by the last 2 accounts.  It's quick... kinda.  But there are not much choices.  Worst part is $9.95 for a combo (they do have a $6.50 lunch special... still not so special in my opinion). Who on this earth spend $9.95 for 1 person at a cafeteria?!  Welcome to SouthPark is all I can say.  I ended up with a soup, which was a chicken & shrimp gumbo.  It was a big bowl for $2, except it was a whole lot saltier than it should be... I made myself finish most of it.  The people behind the counter were nice, but unfortunately being nice isn't enough.  Frankly I'm still sticker shocked!(NOTE: there is apparently another listing on Yelp for this place, A Cafeteria by Morrison Farms... feel free to read those reviews as well)
2	How weird. It's a food court with Bojangle's, Dairy Queen, and Donato's. The Morrison Farms Cafeteria is another food option (that's where the cafeteria comes from). I went because I was craving a chicken strip basket from DQ and the employees told me to go somewhere else since they didn't serve it (they should have just told me no DQs serve the chicken baskets and saved me another trip). Anyway, the location is prime in South Park, but the concept is so strange. When does anyone go to a food court that is not in a mall or in a large business office?! Or if this is a cafeteria restaurant, why share the space with other fast food chains?
