4	The rain in Vegas has stopped and we have retrieved our car from Mandalay Bay to head off the strip to check out this Barnes and Noble.  Why?  Because it's weird there's a B&N in Las Vegas and we needed to find our next book to read and we wanted to find it in Vegas.This is a one story B&N in a shady part of town.  We were there around closing time so we browsed and selected Don Quixote as the winner and searched the clearance racks and found a few more books all at a $35 price tag.  They have a decent clearance selection and free Wi-fi, plenty of room to roam around but no comfy chairs to plop down and check out your selections but that's ok.  We just needed our books and we were off to the strip again.
3	I try to use this as a place to study because it has free wifi! Good!Not so good...is it has 11 tables that barely fit 2 people and 1 computer, forget your books, etc. This sucks because, A) you never do anything with just your computer B) there is only ONE outlet in the whole areaThe rest is a standard book store. Not my favorite place but the closest thing open late on that side of town...much prefer Border at Town Square...but what a drive!
5	I like this little book store in the strip mall with Best Buy and Seafood City. It's not very crowded either. The bargain books are in the first few rows in the front of the store (near the cashiers). There is a cafe, on your left, upon entering the store. The magazine section to the left, past the cafe, is quite extensive, and there are long benches to scan the magazines, if you're not in a hurry. The employees are nice and helpful, should you have any questions. I've seen a security guard the last few times, I've been here. The travel book section is all along the wall on the right hand side of the store- I'm there a lot, checking to see if there are new books on Hawaii. Book stores have always been a calm place for me, since I am a book lover. If I have free time, I always enjoy reading a book or a magazine (yeah, I have multiple subscriptions as well). Super convenient location to shopping- the strip mall, the Boulevard Mall, and two other nearby strip malls. The crowd is pretty normal; maybe a mix of locals and tourists alike since this store is pretty close to the Strip. If you don't want to spend money on full price books, you can always go around the corner, to the Flamingo Library, but that's if you're a resident.
4	We're loosing our love of typed set pages bound between two hard covers, beautifully illustrated art work, and words that can take our imagination on a journey. It's so simple now to log on, or pull up the latest novel using the latest electronic gadget to read a book. The Kindle, e-books, etc... are becoming so popular, I am afraid of loosing our book stores. Since I was a child, and my local library had a contest during the summer for reading the most books, I have loved the written word. Books of all kinds, from fiction, to travel, to biographies. I love fix it books, and how to books, and most of all craft books. I just love the feel of a book! ( I usu sally won those reading contest). I love Barnes & Noble Books and I often go and spend a quite evening with my husband, sipping on some tea, leafing through a book. He's there, there's soft music playing over head, and when I look around the room, I see others enjoying books too!
4	Moe books moe selection ya feel!? I found books here that I just couldn't find in Borders.  Hated the traffic coming here though.  Avoid going north bound from Maryland Prkwy because you will pass endless of crosswalks from UNLV.I just came here to pick up books I had reserved. Place was empty and more quiet than Borders.  4 stars for more books since that's what really matters. Im not here to review the social scene and employees we're very helpful.  And I like Starbucks better than Seattle's Best, it's just farther from where I live so I probably won't be coming here as much.
5	If I was asked the question to pick between Barnes N Noble or Borders, my answer will always be Barnes N Noble!!! I love this location near the boulevard mall, because its near my home, and its never a hassle trying to get parking.(unless you come during the holiday season)  The store is always clean, the staff is always friendly and helpful, and they have a good selection of discounted books!!! That is always my favorite section to browse :) the store itself is huge and offers a lot of different items, they have a kid section that offers toys to keep kids occupied while their parents shop, and a large section devoted to music and movies!! The Starbucks they have is small, but cozy and the staff is also always nice! I would def recommend this location to anyone who wants a nice quiet, clean, and positive experience!! BEWARE!!!! You will spend money :)
4	Whoever designed the cafe here is afraid of electronic devices and groups of 3 or more people hanging out. Is there a medical term for that phobia? 18 Tables in the cafe with only 1 PLUG! That is ridiculous. The tables have two chairs, but can only fit books/product for one person. If you have more than one friend and/or want to sample more than one book, probably not the best Barnes & Noble for you. They do have a nice security guard that greeted me when I walked in. I am guessing he is there just in case the seven dwarfs want to come in and use the one plug for their toaster of the month meeting.If you are looking for a Barnes & Noble with plenty of plugs and a bit nicer neighborhood, check out my review on the Summerlin location. That is my go-to B&N even though it is a longer drive from the strip.
4	I believe this place clearly discourages from people coming here just to hangout & study in the cafe area because 1.) UNLV is close to this store, why not go study in the freakin' library there? & 2.) There's also a public library down the street that has TONS of tables, plugs, & fast wifi you can study at! So I can understand why they originally designed it as a place to sit for a minimal time with your laptop to surf, but besides that fact, this place has a pretty damn big audio/dvd section to it. Not to mention there is a great variety of books here, more so than what I found at Borders. A great local place in the neighborhood to catch up on a brief read, & even enjoy some tea & internet in the cafe for a little bit. This place is actually quiet & never crowded despite the location its in, so it's tolerable.
4	4 stars. I am a fan!   I have always been impressed at the selection of books in Barnes & Noble. I could do without their DVDs and CDs. Too overpriced in the age of digital downloads    I am especially impressed with the setup. Their Starbuck's cafe is not separate from the store. Which is a major complaint I have with the Henderson store near my home. There is sufficient seating throughout the store. This has made me feel welcome and relaxed.   I am a fan. And I will be back to support this brick and mortar book store.
4	We luv Barnes & Noble!  My girls luv their kids section and they have Starbucks!  Great place to just have a cup of joe and relax!
4	Ahh the soothing whiff of books and coffee. You could never go wrong with that. I had a 1000+ word scholarship essay due in less than 12 hours by the time I got here yesterday and after a 2-hour math class in the morning, you would think coffee was the last resort. In all honesty, the best contributors a clear & focused mind is not so much the coffee as the atmosphere you're in. I grabbed a spot next to the socket (the only one at the cafe!) and took in my surroundings before channeling what was left of the energy I had, to my work. Starbucks had just the right environment for that since everyone was buried in their own books and the smell of caffeine alone was enough to keep me awake. After what was hours of continuous work (wrapped that up and sent the essay away!), my galpal finally arrived for our planned catch up session to Grouchy Johns, but not after we both shifted through the shelves and indulged in some fine stacks of paperback. My galpal got herself an adorable little 17-month schedule diary (it had the cutest drawing of a pink typewriter on the cover) for roughly $15 and I got myself a calculus workbook - that was about $17. And off we went!
4	Everyone in my family knows I love to read, so I often find myself with many Barnes and Nobles gift cards around holidays and my birthday. This is my go to location, as it's large and near UNLV.My favorite part of Barnes and Noble is their bargain books. I've found countless deals on books about birds, serial killers, art, and many other topics. I also like it when they have former bestsellers in hardcover at a discount.I do wish they had more Fantasy and Sci Fi books. On two occasions now they've been missing books in a series that I'm reading, by popular authors. Once it was an Anne McCaffrey book, and the other time Robin Hobb.Oh, and the young adult section is threatening to overtake the entire store!
4	Considering the location and how long this B&N has been around the store itself is nice. It is in a crowded shopping center with a Best Buy and the fish market as well, so be forewarned, parking is spotty and traffic is congested a lot of the times.Overall the store is still quite nice. The books are typically all organized. There is even a Starbucks inside, which adds an aroma of coffee, which I love. Even though this store is in a kind of janky area of town the less than desirables typically do not frequent the book store. There's also always a security person standing right inside the door. Props to B&N for that - I think that keeps certain people from even bothering to come into the book store. Also, they keep their Nooks directly in front of the door, so I can imagine the employees can't constantly be making sure no one is making off with them.I like this B&N since it is close to home. When I feel like browsing books and I don't want to waste gas, this is where I come.
4	they have a intimidating security guard when you walk in, i almost wanted to tell him the time i stole some candy at the country store back in my old town. cus i felt like he knew about it since he was so intimidating. i was looking for "my side of the mountain" and couldnt find it in the fiction section. the dude that was helping me was friendly and guided me to the young readers section. ah right... young readers... haha anyhow i found the book and the 2nd one. also bought "hatchet" as i was leaving i almost wanted to tell the security guard "i paid for the books" and show him my receipt. HAHA
4	Once again it was calendar time, so Diane and I went off to Barnes & Noble and looked for some.  As luck would have it, most of the 2013 calendars remaining were 40% off.  With my membership discount, I was even given a further 10% off.  So we left the store with 2 new calendars and 2 discounted puzzles to serve as additional holiday gifts for our grandchildren.  Store personnel were helpful, and at the magazine section I also learned that Newsweek will no longer be published in paper form beginning January of 2013 (Boo hiss!).  Sometimes technological advances go too far!  I will always prefer thumbing through a printed magazine over viewing small text and pictures of articles on a small screen.  I still prefer reading books made of bound pages, too.  If this makes me the equivalent of a dinosaur, so be it!  i'll wear the label proudly.
4	I would not consider myself a connoisseur of books, at all. But what I (and countless others) would describe myself as is a connoisseur of atmoshpere, and this bookstore has plenty of it. The music, although catchy when you choose to listen to it, is not distracting enough to disturb those reading or intently perusing. I took off a star for two seperate reasons: The coffee and the customer service.     The customer service is a huge aspect of the shopping experience, so I'm sure all of you are going, "Erik, shouldn't this take off more than a star?" To that I say no, anonymous reader. Because it ranges. Every cashier I have come in contact with is nice, friendly, and ready to chat about your purchase, which is the perfect employee to me. On the other hand, those wandering the store, the ones that are there to "help", have never been completely helpful to me and often come off as rude.      Secondly, the Starbucks at this Barnes & Noble leaves a lot to be desired. Obviously if you want a Starbucks experience, the first place to visit isn't a bookstore starbucks, but this particular one does not even try. The coffee is quite expensive compared to the average store, they do not accept gift cards, and the workers seem blase about working there.      Besides these two faults, this Barnes & Noble is like a third or fourth home to me. The atmosphere and energy in there is perfect, most of the staff is friendly, and the store is easy to navigate. All in all, it is a feast for the literary senses.
