4	Edinburgh's Old Town Bookshop, set at the top of the winding Victoria Street, is more like a museum than it is a book store as they specialise in collecting antiquarian literature. From the books jauntily placed in the window to the many within, each is treated with tender loving care. It shows, since the books aren't falling apart at the spine, but are rather tainted with age.The majority of their books date from the 1700s onwards and are priced as such. You can gather from the pristine condition of the stock that it's not the kind of store you'd pick up a lovingly creased copy of Harry Potter from. But they do have a collection of classics (of predominantly Scottish origin), so tourists and avid fans of Burns can have a ball gandering the shelves.I wouldn't necessarily go here for a browse since it is so specialised although the staff are welcoming if you just fancy a nosey. But this store is a trove for Antiquarian collectors, who can hope to find anything from literature pre-dating the enlightenment to old prints and lithographs. It's largely a pricey venture, but for people well versed on antique auctions the Old Town Bookshop displays some lucrative books that would bring back a substantial amount of money when under the hammer. For tourists, this place is a quirky homage to Edinburgh's literary culture of old.
4	I could spend hours in here. It's a minute treasure trove of a bookshop, situated on Victoria Street in Old town, packed full with second hand books and prints to browse through. I found some great old prints of Old Town Edinburgh for gifts, but this place may give you a blast in the past, with good prints of older editions of children's books. I particularly enjoyed their history section- the selection is quite random but if you ask nicely they may have about what you might be looking for although don't expect much from modern fiction and editions.  As far as price goes it's not the cheapest for a second hand bookshop. Then again how many second hand bookshops have prints of books dating from the 1800s? If you have a lazy afternoon take a peek through- you never know what you might find!
4	If you are into books, the Old Town Bookshop is definitely worth a visit. Situated in the heart of Old Town, the Old Town Bookshop is just around the corner from the Royal Mile and is a short walk from the main shopping street in Edinburgh, Princes Street and so it is a convenient place to reach.The inside of this bookstore is like an Aladdin's cave full of literary treasures. I came in here looking for current books, thinking it was pretty much a second hand bookstore. How wrong I was! This book shop sells a whole selection of antique books, along with photography books, history books, art books and works of art themselves, including photographs and maps. If you are looking for original pieces of art relating to Edinburgh or Scotland, this is place to pick it up. Their antiquarian books include old classic novels, travel books, theology and even books on ancient herbal remedies - this store has it all! If you are into old books or old artwork, the Old Town Bookshop is definitely worth a visit.
3	This isn't just some typical bookshop and its specialist nature might mean that it might not be of interest to all.  What this place does offer is a range of books about Scottish history, Scottish literature and rather surprisingly a range of travelling and educational books that seem a little out of place.  Also on, however, bringing us back to Scotland are some prints that are guaranteed to be of a certain age, but this perhaps is a specialist item.The prices are fairly reasonable, but perhaps tending on the slightly dear side.  That said you do get a good range of quality books that are hard to find elsewhere.
4	Stumbled into this place while walking around the Grassmarket area looking for a place to eat.  It is a very small store with some interesting old books.  Take your time to browse around.  The gentleman behind the counter is also very friendly.  I bought a couple of old Dickens books from 1900 for 7 GBP each.
