3	Sammiches, sammiches... I love 'em. They're so quintessential to American everyday life so I love having a lot of options of sandwich places where I live. Port of Subs has been a favorite of mine since college. My first big time crush/love worked at Port of Subs for many years so it was always good for me to go out of my way to get my sandwiches at POS.This one is okay. As it is the closest to my house it is the one I go to normally. The staff here is really young, gotta be high school students. Not that that's a bad thing, but sometimes when I walk in here I get the vibe that says: "WHAT are you doing here? WE don't want to actually work!" Yah. And then you gotta order your sandwich from an angry little teenager and watch them to make sure it gets made how you want it. Which is not a problem because you do get to watch them make it - I love that. Especially since you can just easily ask "Hey can I get a few more pickles?" I like their mayo/mustard combo and the fact that they slice the meat right there before putting it on your sandwich. Usually I get a #5 (turkey, ham, smoked cheddar), but yesterday I got the #3 (turkey, salami, cheddar). Typically I don't go for the salami-type meats, but it turned out pretty good! The reason I ended up getting that sandwich was because I said "I want a number 3, er I meant 5", but apparently the lady did not hear my correction. Oh well, her mistake kind of made my day, because I got to try a new sandwich and I liked it! However, still kind of bad that she wasn't listening to me enough to hear me correct myself.Oh well, all in all I like POS. If you go here often make sure to get their stamp card so you can eventually get a free sandwich!
1	I purchased two subs (roast beef and pastrami),  my first time buying anything and I will never go back. The bread isn't all that fresh to me and neither is the meat. It smelled like it was just starting to spoil. The service was bad. She needed more pickles while making my sandwich so she put her hand in a container and grabbed a handful while dripping pickle juice every where then she used the same plastic glove wet with pickle juice to fix my sandwich. When I said I don't like my bread wet she was dumb founded as if she had no idea she was doing something wrong. NOT A PLACE YOU WANT TO VISIT.
1	I love Port Of Subs but this location definitely let me down. When we got there it took them about five minutes to come out to greet us & take our order. Once we started ordering the young man kept messing up our orders it was to the point where we had to tell him about seven times what we wanted on our sub. When he finally was done making our subs correctly we decided to eat there, well as we began eating I noticed the two workers were mumbling and the young man was basically giving us the evil eye as he gossiped away with his coworker. Who at the moment was cleaning or should I say sanitizing the slicing machine and in that time about 4 different customers walked out due to this, I'm not sure how the owner is running this place but they definitely need to take a closer look into who they're hiring to run their business.
5	Never been here before but the sandwiches are so so good! A few people are slow but the manager Tina is really fast and very nice. She apologized for the long lines and greeted us. I will be back!
1	This place was extremely rude when asked to fill a catering order for my coworkers and I at work. They would not work with us and treated us like we were not wanted. Avoid this place like the plague
2	I love port of subs, go literally multiple times a week but this location is a joke. Enough said.
