4	Located inside the latest incarnation of the hotel at 4000 N. Drinkwater, this pub has set itself up for high expectations.  Considering the history of this hotel and the preceding restaurants, that should be expected.  They hedged their bets by bringing in Iron Chef Jose Garces and a list of available whiskies/whiskeys that is exceptional.  It's fairly pricey. I'm posting the menu in the photos.  Food is exceptional.  I'm going to save my more in depth review for a while because the first couple weeks of any business may not be the best indicator of what it will deserve once it develops a regular clientele.
4	Tons of potential, a few kinks to work out.  Beautiful space in the Saguaro, which I believe was the Mondrian, the James, and god-knows-what-else in the past several years.  Basically a small bar with a cozy feel and a menu from Iron Chef Jose Garces.  Gorgeous outdoor fireplace area.  We're not whiskey drinkers, but they had several outstanding craft brews available, and I had two of 'em.  The kids loved their S'mores shake.  Menu looked great on paper, but execution was inconsistent.  My buttermilk fried chicken and my daughter's Pork Sammys were AMAZING.  My spouse's burger was waaaay underdone, too soggy, and nothing special.  My older daughter's house salad with chicken was just average.  Service was prompt, attentive and super-friendly.  Having been to a number of Jose Garces' places in Philly, I'm going to assume they'll get it all tightened up soon.  Can't wait for Distrito to open there -- the one in Philadelphia is tremendous.
5	Short Review: Whisky:They have a ton of whiskey's to chose from if whiskey is your thing we had the whiskey flights for beginners and I was happy overall with the quality and price in the flight.  The whisky's were very smooth.Service:  Very good and knowledgeable of the menuAtmosphere: Pretty cool its kind of hard to explain but its more of a lounge then a typical sit down place.  They have a few different types of eating areas.  We ate at one that had low chairs and kind of a coffee table height table.  (hard to describe) .  Food:  I had the whisky king burger and my wife had the pulled sandwich.  We both shared some duck fat fries.  The duck fries were very good a little different then regular fries I found the insides sort of creamy.  The portion size is decent.  My wife's sandwich was awesome it had a nice smoke flavor to it that kind of reminded me of meat cooked over a camp fire.  Now to the Burger.  For 26 bucks this burger had better blow me away.  I can tell you with absolute honesty this is the BEST BURGER in ARIZONA hands down.  I love burgers and have tried them all over.  This one has made my top three list.  If is was not for the price it would be my number one.  But its worth it to treat yourself to this.  The burger was juicy and the topping succulent.  From the bacon to the blue cheese to the Foie Gras.  This burger will blow you away.  I made a video to show all of you how awesome it is http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WtyvgotbtEM  .   If your in Scottsdale and you can afford a treat get one of these burgers.  If you are a burger foodie you have to try it.  Oh burger I can't wait for our next encounter!
4	We had a free afternoon and decided to spend it searching out new haunts in old town Scottsdale that we'd never been to before.  After reading a recent blog from Susie Timm and how impressed she was with Old Town Whiskey, we decided to give it a try.We arrived around noon and had the place to ourselves, which in turn gave us the opportunity to soak in the new decor and renovation that was recently done with the renaming of this boutique hotel now known as 'The Saguaro'.  (It's only been open for 5 weeks).Being the only customers in the place it also gave us ample time to become familiar with the bar and wait staff - including bar manager Eric who was exceptional!  What a nice guy and a fun person to get to know.  Once again confirms my belief - you can spend millions on brick and morter, but it is people that really make your business and create memories, and that is exactly what he and the rest of the staff did that day!We tried some great new wines we'd not had before and he suggested the Pickled Red & Yellow Beets served with black olive tapenade, whipped ricotta and toasted sour dough baguettes as an appetizer.  It was delicious!We will go back again for lunch and hope to also try their other new restaurant, Distrito ... In the meantime, we wish them all the very best with their new venture!
4	Decided to grab some late lunch/early dinner there on a Tuesday afternoon. I had read about their King Whiskey burger in the Phoenix New Times and was wanting to check it out. I walked in and took a seat at the bar and ordered the burger medium and as is. I was the only person in there and eventually about a total of 8 people trickled in throughout my meal. The two bartenders, Eric and Grant, were both knowledgeable and friendly. They kept me entertained and informed. I ordered an Old Fashioned which was one of their happy hour drinks. By far the best Old Fashioned I've had in a while, and it was only $4! My burger was also extremely delicious and juicy. So much that I ate it with a fork. The only downfall was the foie gras was a little small. I would have liked a little bit more. Overall it was excellent and I plan on going back, especially if it involves happy hour cause the food looked good and the Old Fashioned was fabulous!
5	I recently stayed at The Saguaro and lucky for me, the hotel bar was Old Town Whiskey. The first thing I ate there was the Old Town Burger and ohhhhhhhhhh it was AMAZING. Probably one of the best burgers I've had in my life. The bartender told me they grind together several different cuts to create this burger, one of which is filet mignon. You really can taste the quality. Toppings are extra, I topped mine with the grafton cheddar. My second night, Old Town Whiskey introduced their new happy hour menu. It includes a lot of the same appetizers on their regular menu but at a reduced price. ($4 from 4-5pm, $5 from 5-6pm, and $6 from 6-7pm.) The quality of the food was again, outstanding. I got the pickled beets with whipped ricotta on sourdough and my friend got the duck fat fries. $4 was a steal in my opinion compared to the quality of the food and the drinks. Speaking of drinks...It is a bar first and foremost. The selection of tradition whiskeys, scotches, and bourbons is impressive. The flights were a bit pricey for me so I let the bartenders (or mixologists I should say) prepare a variety of drinks for me. The service I received was outstanding, everyone was really friendly. My final night, my friends and I stopped in for a couple of drinks. I decided to try the S'mores milkshake and surprise, surprise, it was extremely tasty. Little toasted marshmallows on top and everything. I cannot recommend this place enough. If for no other reason, try this place to say that you ate at "Iron Chef" Jose Garces' place. That's kind of exciting, right?
4	I was at OTW last night for their Speakeasy Sunday event.  The live music was incredibly good.  I hope they keep this going over the course of the year.OTW has a hip but comfortable western design theme.  We sat at one of the high top tables for dinner.  We ordered the Whiskey burger and the duck fat fries.  Both were good but I'd love to see more foie gras on the burger.I ordered a couple of Old Fashioneds and my date had the sparkling rose.  The Old Fashioned was well made and tasted great.I'm going to try to come back during the week since their happy hour menu looks interesting as well.
5	Great music. Delicious food. AMAZING customer service. Our server was Jeremy, he was so helpful when selecting menu items and super friendly. This place is awesome! Can't wait to go back with friends.
3	Have been here twice on Sunday nights with a group. Frankly i think it is a little expensive for what you get but that is typical at places like this. Place is nice but quite casual. I like the specialized cocktails, especially the negroni. Got the black bean burger once and it was fine except it was lukewarm by the time they got it to the table. Got a pulled pork sandwich once which was very good but not the best i've had. Had same server both times here, she is fun and relaxed. Recommend to sit outside if you want to have conversations, once the band gets going it is loud in here.
4	My friend recently took me here one Sunday afternoon. I had not been to this hotel since it became the Saguaro and was unaware of the new restaurants. I am a big fan of burgers but was in the mood for something light and ordered the Cobb salad. It was amazing!...And I am not big on veggies. The vegetables were fresh and crisp and they mixed in just the right amount of vinaigrette dressing to keep the dish light. The grilled chicken was cooked perfectly and the bacon bits crumbled on top of the salad rounded off the flavors making every bite delicious. I was not a big fan of the deviled egg on the side - but I hate mayo so I may be biased. My friend ordered the Whiskey burger and let me have a bite and it melted in my mouth. The burger patty was to die for and I was immediately jealous I had not ordered a burger.On top of the amazing food, the cocktails were potent and the ambience was relaxing. Eating outside right next to the fireplace made me feel like I was just at home hanging out with my friend. Our server was a sweetheart and was knowledgeable when it came to all the foods and cocktails on the menu. Needless to say the customer service was excellent!So in conclusion - try this place out! The food is overall moderately priced and comparable to an Outback or Friday's but with much better service, better decor and food of higher quality and taste.
4	If you love pickles you'll love Old Town whiskey. We've been here twice so far, and both times, we've been very pleased.  So far, I've only tried their pickled beets and pickled cherry tomatoes, but both were absolutely fantastic.  The Cherry Tomatoes were so sweet and sour, they paired perfectly with the ricotta, olive tapenade and Crustini they were served with.  This place is a gold mine if you're a whiskey drinker, my hottie loves some good whiskey and was really impressed with their selection... not to mention he said the burger was probably the best he'd had.  I can't wait to get a taste of their Veggie burger, but I haven't gone hungry enough yet... Next time for sure!  We went for Happy Hour this past Friday, and they had a lovely Agave Fizz cocktail on special, very refreshing.  Their Happy hour is progressive, meaning that everything is $5 from 5-6, $6 from 6-7, and it runs every day.
3	Very pretty and a great selection. However: you WILL NOT be having a cigar with your whiskey as the entire property is non-smoking now. Even the huge patio outside the bar.
3	By far, not the best Old Fashioned me and my guy have ever had.  I prefer his Don Draper recipe over the too sweet and very lemony $12 Old Fashioned at this place.  The selection is very good though and I enjoyed the knowledable bartenders.  The ambiance is nice too.  Not a bad "date night" or pre party spot.  Excellent hotel bar.  I would go back, just to try a few more selections from the whiskey list and try some of the food.
4	Good selection of whiskeys, their happy hour with sliding prices depending on time of day($4.00 drinks and appetizers 4 to 5, etc)is very nice and the service was great. I like the pickled snacks list. Very cozy and masculine all-leather interior.I'll go back when it's happy hour and/or I have some money to try unknown to me whiskeys and scotch whiskeys.
4	Last week my friend came here before we had dinner at Distrito.  I really cannot give an accurate assessment of this place based on the fact that we only had two appetizers.  We ordered the deviled eggs, and the tater tots.  The eggs, although very good, I have had better.  The tots on the other hand were hands down the best tater tots that I have ever tasted in my life!  I have no clue what they did to these things but they are addictive!  Hopefully soon I will be able to go back and have an entree and be able to provide more information for all of you!
3	150 whiskeys on the menu, nice quiet patio, attractive servers, very chill spot.  Burgers are their specialty and everyone at the table raved about them.  I was impressed with the knowledge of the menu from the staff.  One thing that I didn't really like was how the bill was kind of confusing.  There was a gratuity % charge and a service charge?  It was like the tip was already taken out I think?  Several people ask about this the server mentioned.
4	Cool bar inside of the Saguaro Hotel!  Great atmosphere, super friendly bartenders and amazing drinks.  The agave vodka drink is so yummy...tart and a little bit sweet at the same time.
4	Went to Old Town Whiskey for a Scotch tasting a few weekends ago.  OMG - John Christie the head bartender - ROCKSTAR!!  He is SO nice and knowledgeable and doesn't intimidate you.  He is genuine when he asks what you'd like to drink - cause he wants to know why you like it and wants to understand what your likes are so he can recommend something new to try.
3	Definitely a fan but withholding a star because happy hour ends so early... that said, Jay knocked my socks off with a fantastic Old Fashioned... and we're not talking some sugary, watered down "bourbon" drink! It was rich, refreshing, with mild oak and bitter citrus.The ambiance is relaxed and comfortable. The tater tots were above average but a little salty.But, most importantly, in my recent quest to find a great place to be dazzled with a great cocktail from a crackerjack bartender... Jay delivered. I look forward to having him impress me with tequila at Distrito next...
4	They have a GREAT selection of high end whiskey and the toned down lighting and parlor-esque feel are conducive to selecting a good one and sipping it on the rocks. The bartenders are very knowledgeable about whiskey, so for someone like me whose only experience with whiskey involves shooting the cheap kind, they were very helpful in selecting one that I would enjoy, This is one of the first times I've gone to a bar and not felt like my goal was to get smashed (granted we'd been drinking champagne and beer for a few hours before coming here, so I was technically already smashed). But here we settled into the comfy leather sofas (the awesome outdoor patio was full) and sipped our whiskeys with as much sophistication as we could muster, as opposed to guzzling and slamming our drinks which is usually my modus operandi. Definitely not my norm for drinking but an enjoyable venue and experience that I would do again.
5	My fiance is from the south, and when I say he knows his whiskeys and bourbons, he knows them. We love coming here for small snacks like the pickled tomatoes and duck fat fries (TRY THEM - they are so good!) and cocktails. I like their old fashioned. The bartender stirs the drink for two minutes. It really makes the whiskey softer and infuses the lemon and bitters flavors. Last week we tried the classic hamburger. I can honestly say, I don't think I could have made it taste better had a grilled burgers at home. It was flavorful, charred on the outside but still warm and pink on the inside. I love the casual, loungy atmosphere. It's a great spot to grab a bite and a cocktail or spend a whole night.
5	My Husband and I had an exceptional time celebrating my birthday with dinner at Old Town Whiskey.  Thanks to 115 degree weather and it being the middle of the summer, we were practically the only people in this cool, comfortable bar-type restaurant.  We made ourselves comfortable on one of the couches and were even able to see some Olympics playing on the nice TVs which line the lounge.  Our sever was prompt and very friendly.  Unfortunately, I had to pass on the alcohol this time, but opted for a root beer instead, which was refreshing and tasty.  The Hubs got a beer and we proceeded to order a plethora of food.We started with the pickled cherry tomatoes.  These babies were VERY good with the right amount of acidity and were accompanied by toast, ricotta, and tepenade.  The combination of everything was outta this world, I only wish there were more toasts because the ratio was a bit off.  Next, we shared a burger and we both agreed it was one of the best we'd ever had.  We topped their regular burger with cheese and grilled onions - awesome.  We also had the duck fat fries, which were good, but we were so full we didn't eat too many.  The Hubs said the fries heated up great the next day and were even better than the night before.  Finally, we were treated to churros for a birthday dessert.  They had chocolate and another sauce with them, but I thought they were best eaten alone.  So good!This was a GREAT birthday meal.  We had an awesome night thanks to great food and beyond friendly, nice service.  I hope this place is busier during the cooler months because I would be sad to see it go.  We will surly be back next time we are in the mood for a fabulous burger and hopefully sample some whiskeys next time.
5	I was going back and forth between giving Old Town Whiskey 4 or 5 stars, but the clincher was the fact this place offers a yelp deal (free order of tater tots w/check-in), and since we came in close to when the kitchen was closing (actually, I think it had already closed) they gave us TWO free orders!I like whiskey, but would hardly consider myself a connoisseur so normally I wouldn't seek a place like this out. My friends who I was with are big whiskey fans, and one of them recommended this place.  It's located in the Saguaro hotel (I didn't realize this place is no longer The James), and it had a very loungey, comfy feel to it.  It's not huge, but it's still a fun place to go to w/a large group.It wasn't very crowded when we were here on a Saturday, which may have been part of the reason we had such great service, but either way, our waiter was attentive. I had a couple of "Old Town Sazerac's (which is the Old Town Whiskey way of saying...you guessed it...a sazerac ). They were yummy. Like I said earlier, I don't know whiskey, but my friends who I was here with say this place has a very good selection and they enjoyed there cocktails as well.If you're looking for a place in Old Town, that's a bit more laid back, yet "classy," Old Town Whiskey is great spot!
5	I love all the staff, love the food & the drinks are amazing...And, the music...man, takes me back in the way-back machine and current stuff too. Sooo fun even if there is a small crowd there. Great place to hang.
5	This place quickly became my favorite bar in Scottsdale. The staff are always amazing and are ready to recommend a drink. The bartenders treat their job like a profession not just a cool job. So they know their stuff and their drinks. John, the bar manager, is a great guy to talk to. In fact, I should go back when he is working and pick his brain some more about tending bar. Seriously, when my Dad and I were there. He just told us all about tending bar and all the cool things he learned. And as someone who is getting into the hotel industry, I might need this knowledge at some point. And go during Happy Hour, which starts at 3. Great drink specials. Cant speak on the food, only had it once. But the menu has changed a lot since then. Drink of Choice at Old Town Whiskey: Moscow Mule Because it is made in the traditional old copper cup. Which makes  it taste better, I swear it does. Also it made with my favorite Ginger Beer from Australia, which is always hard to find here in the US. Must remind myself to ask them where they get it.
3	I hate to give this place 3 stars but here's why. My boyfriend saw this place on Yelp and decided that he really wanted to go here. One afternoon, we finally made our way over. It's located inside of the Saguaro hotel. We drove around for a bit not knowing this. I had looked at their menu online ahead of time and saw a bunch of things that looked really good and was excited to try out an Iron Chef restaurant. Note: Their website has since changed since I went a month or so ago.When we got there, we sat ourselves after standing around awkwardly since there wasn't anyone there except for a guy behind the bar who was busy making some drinks for another table that was there first. Someone finally came around and asked if we were getting food or just drinks. We wanted both so he came back with a food menu. To my disappointment, the menu was really small and consisted mostly of burgers, expensive burgers (hence the star reductions). We got the duck fat fries with San Tan cheese sauce to share. The fries were really good, although you wouldn't know they were made with duck fat if they were just placed in front of you. The cheese sauce was definitely my favorite. At the end, I was just dipping my finger in there. Not so lady like but it was just that good and I had no more fries! We decided to not get dinner since we didn't want to pay a ton of money for burgers and opted to go somewhere else. If you check in, you can get free tots or deviled eggs but we didn't use them. They also have a few milkshakes on their menu that look absolutely delicious. If my memory doesn't fail me, I believe they're pretty pricey though... maybe $9ish? I might come back for happy hour since their drink prices aren't too bad and for that delicious cheese sauce. For you whiskey lovers, they have a really large variety at all different price points. It is a cool place to stop by and grab a drink but if you're expecting a menu with variety, this place isn't it.
5	Words cannot describe how much I adore this place. Over the past month, I think I've been here at LEAST once a week. John and Dave are the best bartenders around - always so accommodating and friendly. My friend is Italian and has grown up drinking negronis (I'm not a fan, but she is) and is pretty picky about how they're made. John does is perfectly. I always get either a Moscow or a Gin Fizz - they're always delicious. The tots and duck fat fries are delicious. I mostly drink when I'm here but I've had a few things. I've tried their pork belly BLT too...preeetyyy damn good. It's not a super busy place and I'd prefer it stay that way. I probably shouldn't even be reviewing this place since I don't want a bunch of people there crowding my space and I really don't want the Scottsdale douchers coming through here.
4	Old Town Whiskey has a pretty sweet happy hour. $5 Manhattans? Yespleaseandthankyouverymuch! $3 tater tots? Sign me up!This bar (inside the Saguro) offers lots and lots of whiskeys, really delicious craft cocktails, and small bites that are pleasing to the taste, buds. They also offered a free order of tater tots when I checked in on the Yelp app, which pretty much made a fan out of me right away.The feel of the bar is like something I think a really cool grandpa would have in his home (or maybe the most interesting man in the world?) - leather seats, warm, soft lighting, vintage accents here and there. And while our service was generally set to "vacation speed" we were well taken care of and everyone here was quite pleasant. Now if only it stayed open a little later on the weekdays...
4	Came in tonight with my mom.Being a hotel restaurant, the crowd was mostly corporate folks in business attire unwinding for happy hour.I'd almost call it more of a bar than a restaurant... but, nonetheless, definitely a classy spot to eat.Modern, comfortable environment. The dining room leads outside to a big patio with a fire pit. Really enjoyed the atmosphere here.Wine was good, cocktails were delicious.We both ordered the veggie burger (lentil & black bean with guac and cabbage) which was top notch. I'd totally recommend the veggie burger whether or not you are a meat eater.Only issue I had was service. Very non-attentive waitress who took forever to get our drinks and check.
4	Old Time Whiskey was worth a visit. As we sat down our server approached us right away, she was warm and friendly and suggested some specialty cocktails. They make a very nice Whiskey Sour, from scratch and I like a real one, without all that high fructose corn crap. The atmosphere was trendy, without being uncomfortable. There is a very nice patio area outside as well.Located inside the Saguro
4	A hotel bar that I'd visit even if it wasn't in my hotel? That's a guaranteed 4 stars. I loved the decor, though I'm a sucker for dark woods, low furniture and Edison bulbs. It's all vaguely old-school yet modern. If I had a lot of money, I would design my rec room to look just like this, and throw pretty stellar parties. The drink list was solid, and a lot of care and preparation goes into their specialty cocktails. I can't recall what I had, but if you're anything like me and your three favorite words are "Scotch, Rye and Whiskey," then you're sure to find something here on which to imbibe. The beer list wasn't much to talk about, but did I mention the Scotch, rye and whiskey? I was waited on by three different bartenders during my stay, and while one I clicked with more than the others, all three were friendly, knowledgeable and professional. Why no 5 stars? While I enjoyed the place, it didn't totally blow my mind, and I feel like I've been a little too loosey-goosey with my 5 stars lately. Though don't be fooled, I certainly enjoy this place and if I ever get to stay at the Saguaro again, you'll find me bellied up to the bar at Old Town Whiskey.
4	I'm a big fan of whiskey and bourbon, so there was a natural affinity toward Old Town Whiskey. Once I realized that Iron Chef Jose Garces is the owner, that was all the motivation I need. Oh, and catching up with friends who moved to Scottsdale.One of the most endearing parts of the place is that you're not cramped next to 100 other diners. It's a small establishment and doesn't really make its presence known to the public, making it an easy get-in, get-out.John was awesome - he really knew everything that was behind the bar. He was tripping over himself trying to make you feel welcome.Three of us shared: pork belly BLT, seasoned pickle, duck fat fries, tater tots, and a BBQ sandwich. The BLT was excellent, albeit a little on the small side. Tater tots were free after checking in with Yelp (always a positive), and were the best tots I've ever had. The duck fat fries were amazing as well.The only negative of the night was that besides John, the other servers were a little on the cold and disinterested side. All in all, it's definitely worth your while to check out!
4	Yelped this place for a great Happy Hour. Well, surprise, HH is not daily, just three days a week. We felt better about it with the free tater tot deal when checking in with Yelp. But sure enough they were included on our tab. Perhaps we didn't do it right? Or maybe the bartender was more interested in HIS cocktail? We thought the service was lacking and slow. We had an event to attend so this was problematic. We didn't have time to pursue the tater tot debacle. So why 4 stars? The Old Fashions were really special. I am not a whiskey fan and it was remarkable. Tried a West Coast Green Flash IPA that was a winner. The aforementioned NOT free tater tots were crazy good.  We never would have ordered them but were so glad we did!  Beau and I shared the prawn/ grits/chard dish and that too was a moaner. The food and drinks here were delicious. The service, not so much. I'm not fond of imbibing bartenders that call me darling'.
4	We wandered over here after dinner.  I've wanted to check out The Sagauro for ages and I'm happy to report that it's just as funky, fun, and Pee-Wee's Playhouse-esque as I expected.  Old Town Whiskey is cute and cozy.  Lots of large couches for lounging and a beautiful patio and fireplace outside.  If you're a whiskey aficionado (or are married to one as I am), this is a fabulous place to go.  Three of us opted for spiked milkshakes, one of us did a scotch flight, and the other did an old school manhattan.  We were all pleased.  Service was a bit slow but you could also argue that it was "relaxed."  The menu looked tasty and I'd like to come back for dinner.
5	Shame on these owners for considering closing this establishment. I believe you live out of town and are not happy with the profits? We have been trying to establish OTW as a place of destination, but we needed your help! What a great bar! And service! (John and Tom.) And the food! Way better than Distrito! (I don't know why...?) How DARE you not give this place a second chance! PLEASE come live in Scottsdale and hand carry guests to this superbly great place. Please!
4	During my visit to Scottsdale I was staying at the Saguaro and lucky enough it's connected to Old Town Whiskey.  While this isn't a large place, it's still a nice intimate bar for friends to sit and sip.  The food is awesome and don't forget to check in with Yelp and get some free goodies!  If you're in town looking for a nice spot to relax and talk to some friendly folks, stop by Old Town Whiskey!
3	Old Town Whiskey is closed.
4	I recently tried to visit one of my favorite places is Old Town Scottsdale and discovered it's Closed!  NOOOOO!!!!  I will forever remember their awesome Pickles....dammit, where will I be able to get my fix on those now?!  Oh well, they had an awesome bar menu.  This hotel/location has been saddled with poor results for a very long time....too bad, it was a solid hidden gem.  A sample of the menu items I tried here is below in case they reopen it....Duck Fat Fries, $5Old Town Burger, $14Herb Cherry Tomato Pickles, $6Truffled Cauliflower Pickles, $7Tater Tots, $5Return Factor - 0% (Bummer)
