5	While staying in Vegas, I needed a pedicure. When I learned the spa in our hotel charged $75, I went looking for a better alternative. I found A Harmony on the web, took a short taxi ride & had a fantastic time. The service was excellent and personal. The shop is decorated like an enchanted cottage, which made it feel like a destination. The staff was great. I will return the next time I come to Las Vegas
5	I came upon this Whimsical Cottage Setting so they call it, located inside the historical commercial shopping center that is right off the strip. I actually grew up in this area playing video games at Mary K's, playing pool at Cue Club, karaoke singing at the first Korean nightclubs and supermarkets here in Vegas. Oh how this commercial center brings back so much childhood memories. If you're coming down from Sahara passing LV Blvd. you'll be making a right onto Commercial Circle to get into the Commercial Center. Then on the stop sign make a left and then an immediate right. You'll pass the first few shops and it'll be on your right that has a white wooden fence in front. It's also next to a Korean Restaurant. It could be hard to miss or easily missed, so keep a lookout when finding this hidden gem.I heard about  this place from a previous Groupon deal that I purchased and I was in great need to pamper myself from a stressful job that I recently resigned from. For $29,  I received a Harmony Pedicure and Hot-Paraffin Treatment (a $85 Value).  Barbara, a kind front desk manager checked me in and I filled out a questionnaire to let the salon know more about my general interest and what I would like more info. on in future services. She then provided me with a detailed tour of the whole place and I was amazed how spacious it was, since the outside didn't seem too appealing at first. Don't be fooled by the location, it's pure paradise inside, mystical, and dreamy as if you're on a tropical retreat. I felt this serenity upon myself being here and it felt harmonious beyond belief. It's a full service Beauty Salon, Day Spa, Beauty Bridal Specialist, Wellness Center, & Specialty Gift Boutique. They even have a meditation room for you to unwind or get a special holistic reading from Paula, the owner of this wonderful petite mega day spa.I was introduced to my nail technician, Mary Banks and what a delightful, kind-hearted lady she is. From the moment I was in her care, I never felt so relaxed and free of worries in being in a pedicure seat. I had nightmare experiences before from other nail salons, bloody cuts and all.. this was a complete dream come true for me. I have never sat in huge purple cushioned "Budda Hands" seats before and it was different, unique.. I loved it. They have this massage mat on top of the seat for you to use for your back while you get your pedicure. It even heats up and has adjustable power strengths of how much pressure you want for your back. Mary offered me a selection of complimentary teas and other beverages of choice. Also they have some complimentary cookies at times. I settled in with green tea and also was asked if I would like a heated neck wrap while I was getting my pedicure. I was thrilled and applied to all the offers given to me on my visit. Mary has this calming aura about her that it's therapeutic to the heart. Her tone of voice is like a soft motherly love that makes any chaos in your life.. still. She made sure the temperature of the water was just right for me, always attentive and making sure I was comfortable with everything. I loved the design of the whole nail studio even to the silver square tub I put my feet into. Everything was so clean and sanitized that all I had to worry about was.. absolutely nothing :) Your mind will be so occupied of how lovely this tropical, forest, wilderness design is that you'll be in complete awe of how much it feels like your sitting in the middle of a beautiful jungle. And it actually put a smile on my face just looking around and enjoying the scenery. I picked out a color from their great selection of polishes and Mary made my feet all brand new again. The paraffin really helped in making my feet super soft and smooth. I never had a treatment where there were tons of laughs, great influential conversations about career, life, and finding great deals in Vegas. I had such a great time in getting a pedicure from Mary that I also decided to get a simple manicure from her too. She gave me my own personal filer for my nails and put it back it the wrap to take home. Mary also extended my Groupon deal if I wanted to do the same treatment again for the same great price of $29. For the service and experience I received, I couldn't pass it up. She was also so kind enough to give me her honest opinion in pursuing a career in this field, since I was showing interest in doing so. I never had anybody be so encouraging in following my dreams and be so certain about how great I will be. This positive feedback actually helped me tremendously in my career decision that I made very recently. I can certainly tell she a genuine heart in wanting to help people and has a solid passion in what she loves to do. I can't thank her enough for such a memorable experience, let alone life changing one as well.If Groupon never had that deal... I would never think a charming place like this existed. Please make a special date & experience it for yourself.
5	I was in Las Vegas for a long weekend and the spa at the resort I was staying  at was booked for pedicures. So I went to yelp (my faithful go to app for finding just about everything) and came across this salon. I called and even though the shop was closing in ten minutes one of the women agreed to stay late so they could squeeze me in. We were greeted by a very friendly receptionist who showed my mother and me around the shop. I then picked my color and was able to soak wearing a nice warm neck wrap and sipping on spa water. The decor was one of a kind and serene. The pedicure was very relaxing and the technician was a sweetheart. Next time I'm in Vegas I will be skipping the resort spa and will return to Harmony.
2	Place was very cute and everyone there was very sweet, but my nail polish was a mess.  I had a french mani/pedi. You can see that the polish was uneven and there were red thread like things in my polish.  They are way too pricey for this kind of job.  I was in a rush to get my wedding things done, so I didn't bother asking her to re-do it.  You don't always get what you pay for =(
5	Such a nice and unique place! It's a bit like getting a pedicure in a hobbit hole, and I mean that in the best way -- implying coziness and comfort. The owner and staff could not be nicer and they are always having awesome specials.  Keep an eye on Groupon!  I highly recommend the paraffin treatment for feet -- great for curing dry heels.
3	This is a very cute place. The decor is very whimsical, cottage like. The owner takes great pride in her shop. She is very hands on in all aspects of her business. I respect that, but when she had to leave me for almost 10 minutes to talk with one of her employees, I was left feeling forgotten.My husband and I came here to relax and pamper ourselves. To start, we were given a tour of the shop which I felt was unnecessary. It was awkward because I didn't come to shop, and I wasn't going to buy anything. There was not a very large retail area so a tour was a waste of time. Apparently, the shop owner believes in the healing and energy of crystals, ect... I am not into the New Age ideas or relics, and to be told all about them annoyed me.  The actual service was nice and worth the minor inconveniences, but overall, I was uncomfortable. I was told to chose an angel card, which I later realized was some sort of reading. Again, I  wasn't comfortable with this. If I had gone and just received my service, I would have given a higher rating. It was all of the extras that diminished the experience for me. As a Christian, all of the New Age energy stuff was offensive.
2	Prices were a little expensive than I'm used too. But the smell when I walked in was like dirty laundry and musty. It's in a very sketchy area and hard to find.
5	This was a fantastic accidental find. Paula was lovely and quite knowledgeable about how to save your skin from the desert. I got a pedicure which is something I never do. I used to be terrified of being poked and prodded at a salon, but not at A Harmony Nail Spa. It was incredibly relaxing, I even fell asleep for a few moments. I called up my sister and mother right after my visit to tell them about it. Can't wait to bring them along. I am certainly going to be a regular.
2	I wanted to give this place an awesome review so badly. My experience started out wonderfully. My manicurist jotted my name down and contact number, and asked me about my experience at other salons so that they can get a gage on how to "offer the best service in town." I love the decorations and the New Age vibe. Very cute.Being a nomad, I've been to many different nail salons, all within a range of $6 all the way to $40 manicures. With that said, I have NEVER had my manicurist rip my cuticles out so hastily that my fingers started bleeding.I don't doubt that many people have had GREAT service here. I was just unlucky, I guess. I would've said something then and there, but I was in a rush for my interview. Plus, I didn't think that I would have needed to point out that blood was gushing from my fingers and that I wasn't satisfied with my manicure. It slightly annoyed me that she wasn't proactive about apologizing, or remedying my pain somehow, especially after her initial spiel about their dedication to customer service. I laud them for their intentions, but am disappointed with the execution.Total for the basic manicure came out to be $30 including tip/tax. I probably wouldn't have bothered to write a review, if it wasn't so darn expensive for the service I got.I just moved into town and I've been to a few salons in Vegas already. Still on the search for a dependable one. So if anyone has suggestions, please let me know :).
2	Owner Paula, contacted me and said she would send me a gift certificate to come back or give to a friend, but I never received it and have not heard from her since. It is well over 1/2 a year now.
1	While the outcome of my pedicure and acrylic fills was good, the experience getting there was terrible and outrageously expensive.  After nearly 25 years of getting fills, I've never had someone rip me off that much.  Paula, the owner, was the culprit. I called in advance and was told the fills were $40.  That's higher than I've ever paid but cheaper than the big hotels charge.However, I was charged an additional $32 for take-downs and other bogus services that I was never informed of UNTIL it was time to pay.  When I protested, I got $10 removed.  I was just anxious to fly this crazy batcave of a salon, I just paid.  I felt really trapped in out of the way location. It would have been okay if it weren't in such a sketchy location.  The salon is clean but an absolute mess with ugly decor and then you start your appointment with a tour of the salon and pushed to buy useless crap in their gift store and by catalog.  It's a very pushy way to start out when absolutely no rapport has been built. It's so inappropriate.  I should have clued-in when the salon was nearly empty with only two other employees visible in a place that easily holds 10.  I think there was only one other client.I would stay away from this place like the plague.  It's not worth it and any relaxation you think is coming will never happen in this hovel of place.
3	I used to love going here.  It is very close to where I live and Paula and Jocelyn do an amazing job.  They pay attention to every detail and are very good at what they do.The reason that I am only giving three stars is because of price.  There services are much more expensive than other places in town.  I usually get a gel manicure, at A Harmony, the price is $45!!! I can drive a few blocks away and get a gel manicure for $30- I have even gone to a salon on the strip and it was only $40!Now, I know you get what you pay for, but I have gotten some amazing manicures for only $30... $45 is way too high and unfortunately I won't go back because of that.
3	I used to love going here.  It is very close to where I live and Paula and Jocelyn do an amazing job.  They pay attention to every detail and are very good at what they do.The reason that I am only giving three stars is because of price.  There services are much more expensive than other places in town.  I usually get a gel manicure, at A Harmony, the price is $45!!! I can drive a few blocks away and get a gel manicure for $30- I have even gone to a salon on the strip and it was only $40!Now, I know you get what you pay for, but I have gotten some amazing manicures for only $30... $45 is way too high and unfortunately I won't go back because of that.  By reading others' reviews, I can see that a lot of people feel the same way.  Perhaps if the prices were adjust a bit to something a little bit more reasonable for the area, the salon would get A LOT more business.
4	Update, received gift certificates through email. Will definitely try it out again.An extra star, the owner saw my review and said she did send the gift certificate so it must've gotten lost in the mail. She says she will email it this time. Hopefully I get it this time.
4	Thank you Yelp for locating a great salon. While in Vegas for a week I found I was in desperate need for a mani/pedi but did not want to pay the crazy prices at the Spa of our luxury hotel. We happened to be having lunch at Lotus of Siam (which was wonderful) and still desperate figured we might find a more affordable option considering the neighborhood. The last time we Yelped a nail salon while traveling we were pleasantly surprised so we tried again. To our surprise Harmony was in the same shopping strip and after calling they could fit both my husband and I in shortly. So we ordered another bottle of wine from the restaurant, grabbed some plastic cups and walked across the parking lot. What a nice surprise - great atmosphere, friendly owner and staff plus picked up a few cute things in their "boutique". We were extremely impressed with the service and quality of our mani/pedi and were so thankful they could fit us in. It's not fancy - but cute, quaint and memorable. I will say the owner's comments on Yelp sparked my interest and I appreciate her candor as a fellow business owner. Definitely give it a try - you'll be happy you did.
1	After reading Paula's response, I'm incredulous.  I've NEVER had fills done at a "budget" salon.  I've had two (2) manicurists that I've been with for over 10 years each, both working at quality salons.  Nana, my current manicurist works at lovely local hair salon and Laurie, my former one (who moved away), worked at a nails-only place for 13 years.  I refuse to go to any of the local sweatshops for fills.  Creative Nail, Solar Nail, OPI, Essie are all the products that I allow.  Additionally, my travels have taken me to quality locations worldwide including the Intercontinental Paris, Villa Aminta (Lake Maggiore, Italy), The Palace Hotel New York, The Mondrian L.A. and, of course, Caesar's and Bellagio in Vegas.  Paula's vision of luxury is significantly different than mine.  Her salon isn't anywhere close to the places I've mentioned above in terms of style or decor.
5	Came in for just a manicure because my nails were falling apart.... Walked in and Janice was sitting at the front desk.  They seemed a little busy but Janice had time for my express manicure.  Huge selection of colors... Went with a nice earthy grey-brown... Janice really takes her time and made sure that the shape was exactly as I wanted it and the polish application was immaculate.Yes,  they are a bit more than your typical nail spot but you're paying for the cleanliness (the owner, Paula, came out between clients and gave the already clean work stations a once-over.), comfy atmosphere, and quality products.  Everyone who works here is also super friendly.I was so eased with my manicure that I had to add on the express pedi with massage... Excellent reflexology style massage!I will definitely have this be my Goto Vegas beauty spot!
5	With the warm and friendly staff and the thoughtful attention to detail, my experience at A Harmony was one of a kind. I am very happy about how my mani-pedi turned out too. I am very picky about how I like it done, and it is perfect!!
4	I came to vegas on 3/15 for a concert and had no clue where to start to have my nails done in the area. The concierge at the hotel had googled this place for me so I said why not. The location is yes, a little sketchy. Honestly though, there a lot of peoples in a CITY that are, so that shouldn't be a invite for a lower rating. I thought the salon was adorable and had a nice relaxed vibe. It smelled like wonderful herbs and incense in the spa. I last minute decided I wanted to have acrylics (I'm not really a fan) and I couldn't be happier. Paula the salon owner was very intent on customer service and satisfaction offering her clients fruit mineral water, or a glass of wine. I smudged my toe(s) from having my pedicure done earlier and she fixed the toe(s) no problem at all. The only thing that I was a little annoyed with at first was she took a walk in right before my scheduled appointment at 6, but to be fair; I had pushed the appointment back from 5:30 pm to 6pm. She is a business owner trying to make a living and a name for her establishment, I understand completely. Even though I had a small wait time (I was nervous about missing my show that I flew into Vegas for) she was speedy and proficient, the nails look great I'm still wearing them almost two weeks later! Paula then proceeded to give me a ride back to my hotel (not very, about a mile to 2 miles up the road) so I wouldn't have to wait for a cab and be late! Very awesome, was impressed all around at the staff and a well done job.
5	Is there a 10 star option?  Came here with a friend and we were staying on the strip and this was a refreshing atmosphere and pricing from our other options at the hotel spas on the strip.  I had Janice as my technician and she was from Scotland and she was super cute and super friendly and very thorough.  I had a shellac manicure and just a basic pedicure which I feel like when you get basic anything at a salon your service is pretty crappy because you didn't get all the upgrades but not here.  Janice was just as attentive even though I got the basic pedicure.  She talked to me the entire time, which I mean isn't a deal breaker but it was nice and not forced.  Loved her.My friend had a manicure and a pedicure from Paula, the owner, I'm speaking for my friend here but she said her experience was spectacular and everything was sanitized.  And here is the ultimate kicker of this whole day.  Paula gave us a ride back to our hotel on the strip.  We still cannot believe she did that for us, like what??  Who just does that? So sweet and kind! We had an amazing experience! Totally recommend ditching the strip spa experience for this place!
5	Went to Harmony with a friend of mine yesterday afternoon and was extremely pleased as well as thankful for being so well taken care of. The staff, most specifically, Paula (the owner) and Janice were so wonderful! I did feel that everyone in the shop was extremely attentive -giving us water, checking in to make sure we were comfortable and that we were enjoying our service. What was so unexpected and unbelievably accommodating was the fact that Paula drove us back to our hotel on the strip. We had made attempts to get a cab and had been waiting for a bit. Paula so graciously offered to take the two of us and another client to our destinations. She wouldn't even allow us to give her any compensation! Client/customer service to the max!
5	Took my wife here as part of our vacation to Vegas.  Location was about 2 miles from the strip and was worth the trip.  Prices were about half the price of the major hotels and similar to what you would be used to paying in your home town.  The service was excellent and was easy to get an appointment established.  They run a great business and will likely head back there on our next vegas trip.
5	I had a wonderful two day experience at A Harmony Nail Spa!  On day 1 I had a superb European facial from Rebecca.  I asked her what could be done about the cavernous pours in my nose.  She proceeded to do extractions that were only a touch uncomfortable but left me looking so much better.  I have very red skin in general but the redness is pretty much gone and my skin looks miles better.Next Paula gave me the Harvest Spice Mani/Pedi at the nice Groupon price.  Whoa, have my nails ever looked better?Day 2 I came back for a makeover.  Paula had me look through Making Faces and gave me the look I chose.  Wow, I'm not the most photogenic girl on the block but she did wonders.  So pleased, recommended to anybody without reservation.
3	i recommend the mani/pedi groupon deal and to request paula (the owner) if you can as the girls in our group who had the mani's done by her held up the best after a long bachelorette weekend in vegas. great selection of nail polish colors (including OPI brand) that we had a good time picking from and really really good deal when you do research and compare their prices to anything else near the vegas strip. paula was kind enough to reach out to us after hearing about our concerns of the wait time on our first experience there for our large bach group of 5 girls and even offered a gift certificate for next time in apology for our average first experience there.  she had told us on that day that they were short staffed but per the phone call she mentions that she was training new staff that day.... so hopefully the staffing issues wont be a problem in the near future.my friend who had a massage instead of the mani/pedi raved about it so i definitely recommend that. looking back, i think the customer service was very good through the entire experience from the kind and caring independent business owner and everyone at the spa. definitely call and schedule before coming in.
2	I had a groupon for a spa mani/pedi.  The technician was very nice but the services received were NOT impressive and weren't as advertised.  I'm not sure how I receive a  "spa" manicure with a simple filing of my nails.  I can't even imagine spending full price...
3	This salon is located off the strip and it's a little tricky to find because there are multiple plazas that are very similar in look.Finally we found the place. Upon first impression, the shop's decor feels like one of those antique shops you go to when you visit a touristy city. The decor felt like you were in the land of fairies. There were a lot of items for sale at the front desk. We were greeted by the receptionist with a clipboard for each girl to fill out. There were a lot of questions to answer. I had to remind myself that I'm going to a nail salon and not a doctor's office. The paperwork is seriously ridiculous to have to fill out to get your nails done. When I asked the receptionist, why do we have to fill out the forms? She said "it's because we're legit" um what? In a short moment we got to pick out our nail colors. They had a large variety of colors. We all got the manicure and pedicure. They only had 2 staff for 8 girls. I was first up among the girls to get my manicure done from Paula, the owner. She was fast and I think she did okay on my nails. She missed some of nail coverage on the sides. I was the only girl that got my nails done by her as she moved on doing pedicures. My girls got theirs done by the other manicurist. She took a really long time on their nails. It took her about 45-60 minutes per girl and I can tell my friends were getting restless. I guess when you spend that long, your nails must be looking hella good! After she was done, I looked at them and they were horrible! Majority of the nail polish bubbles up or she got a lot of the nail polish on their skin. -_-. When I moved on to get my pedicure done, I did like that the owner sanitized each soak station after every foot was soaked in it. Paula did all of the girls pedicures and I think she did a good job. It took them so long to do all of the services that they asked the masseuse to massage the other girls feet as Paula worked on their nails.When it was time to pay, I went to the front desk and as I was paying, the receptionist laughed to herself. I asked her what's so funny? She said nothing and gave me a judging look for some reason.  I feel that she  had an attitude about her and I did not like it.All of the girls were envious that I was the only one to get nice mani/pedi from the owner and I was happy with it at the time until the next day. I had the nail polish cracking at the edges and some were already scratching off. I don't know if their nail polish is old or what not but it should not be doing that the next day!! I've done my own nails many many time and that only occurs towards the end of the week! I can do a better job than the manicure I got here. I actually have my own nails done last week and it looks way better than how my nails looked on day 2 after going here.All in all, I think this place is a one girl show. Paula has great customer service and is really nice and does a decent job with mani/pedi. Skill levels though is questionable for the other staff. They were really understaffed too that day. I would not recommend this place.
5	I was visiting Las Vegas and I decided to get a mani and pedi. I was driving around for over an hour trying to find a nail salon. I googled nail salons and found A Harmony nail salon. I called to see if my sister and I can come in for services. At first the receptionist said that they didn't have any slots available. The receptionist called me back a minute later saying that we can come in right now. The receptionist Skye was very pleasant and offered us something to drink. The entire staff at A Harmony was very pleasant. I loved the owner Paula and the nail technician Denise who did my pedicure. I will definitely visit A Harmony again when I go back to Vegas. Great customer customer service and awesome service..
3	Pros:A Harmony Salon professionals keep the salon very clean with bleach sanitation of all materials and spa for pedicures. Hand made skincare body products from natural sources made in house from plants and herbs. Knowledgeable staff with techniques, product knowledge. Treatment for Spa Pedi with exfoliating salts and scrubs ridding my feet, legs for dead skin. A part of treatment is to have massage of legs, arms, and hands. Not for the type of people who are sensitive to people touching them because its not their style or are concerned with germs. Spa pedicure inclusive with bath salts, potions, lotions, and relaxation.Paula, the owner is qualified to explain about the treatments and her business carefree, and with an encouraging tone without being overbearing. I felt her to be genuine and honest. She gave me "happy feet".Negatives:Warning! Spa pedicure is two-hour treatment no one tells you at sign in.Estheticians, Hair Stylists and anyone else working there (not the receptionist), needs to explain what they will be doing when client is taken back to appropriate area of service. Explain products used, and relay a time of completion. Receptionist needs to go to Customer Service school, and smiling classes. Her demeanor is cold and unresponsive to any questions about services, or request for water or getting change to pay. Not an environment inspiring serenity and the holistic attitudes the owner attempts to portray. Appt was at noon and was not taken until 12:30pm because of staffing issues, and not preparing sanitation bins ahead of time. I was prompt - the salon should have been too. Receptionist, first made me fill out paperwork for mailers and offers. I said I did not want any offers, but she said it is an obligation of service otherwise you will not be served. Harsh and rude. Incentives are supposed to be wanted not forced in to. Regardless of it being my birthday.Rebecca took me on take tour of gift shop (jewelry, hair/body products, etc), hair salon, mani pedi room, and massage and waxing rooms. When I did sit down for service the chairs are designed like a sofa bed COMPLETELY impractical for a salon! I have harsh back problems, and although owner was accommodating, to put me in another chair which is basically a lawn chair, it did not suffice. I bit my lip and was polite during treatment since the owner, Paula did make a considerable effort to make me comfortable and honestly her salon does not fit everyone's preferences and physical ailments. In the moment, it is not her fault. I believe she is a nice person. But she desperately needs to get proper industry standard chairs because lawn chair is not equipped to the spa bins, and the "stupid foot bath that I got replaced with is slightly older than what I have at home!!! It would not cost me $55 regardless of the labor, and natural potions used in salon to do it myself.Finally, do not use Rebecca for service. She is a an overbearing person up-selling everything. She totally alienated me and decreased my enjoyment of the treatment!To be kind is to be courteous and I was close to telling her to shut up. Would consider other treatments but only with Paula. And I suspect after this review she may consider denying the request of service.Otherwise, I had some good moments. Truly the experience the people have equal to be an excellent skill-set because on that fact alone, I enjoyed myself. "Be true to yourself.  Conquer your dreams Become the ruler of your own life"
5	Got my nails done here yesterday by Paula she did an amazing job! Asolutely love them, her and the decore. The staff is  friendly and welcoming big thanks to Sky and Rebecca for making my experience relaxing.
1	10 reasons why Harmony salon is not so harmoniousI wouldn't even give this place one star if I could. Out of town and here for vaca. All I wanted was a no fuss pedi. Turned to yelp to find a nail salon. Chose this place because it had 4/5 stars. #1 very hard to find. Drove in circles and my man was getting annoyed. #2 Shady and dirty location. #3 we pull up and it's not open (opens at 10am) the owner shows up 10 mins late as her employee sat outside waiting #4 the owner apologizes that is was a crazy busy holiday weekend at the salon (memorial day) it's now Tuesday and she "needed the extra sleep." #5 we sat in the waiting room filling out a two page questionnaire that reminded me of my college application while they ran around cleaning the place up from the busy weekend #6 it was hot in there. After the questionnaire and waiting we got very annoyed. My husband sent me to the car and he said "thanks but no thanks." The owner then chased him out the front door and they exchanged words. He told her it was unprofessional that she didn't open on time and cleaning up in front of customers. She called him "rude." We left. I found another salon and while we sat down to relax #7 she interrupted 20 minutes later the and called me!! Again my husband left his massage chair to exchange words outdoors and caught her in a lie. She said they had been closed all memorial weekend! Then he pointed out that if they were closed perhaps they would have had time to have the salon open and ready on Tuesday! #8 10 mins after that call, she texted!!! The longest text I have ever seen in my life. Let me count the lines because it was pretty epic...58 line text to be exact. Again, all I wanted on my bday was a "no fuss pedi." Don't say I didn't warn youMy response to Paula's claims:To be honest I never would have left an unbiased Yelp review if the owner had not LIED, ran into the parking lot yelling, calling me or blew up my phone with texts...still trying to figure out how she had my # because I took the ridiculous intake form when I left so I wouldn't be harassed with emails or "gift shop offers." Perhaps she used her security camera footage for more then a time stamp...Now I'm left annoyed with her response of small business conspiracy claims. I've now read a few of the bad reviews and see she responds the same way. Since when did the "customer is always right" change? Paula, we both know the truth. Your employee was not "greeting customers" as you say in one breath but in another you admit to being late to unlock the doors for your staff. I actually asked her if shed like to sit in our air conditioned car while she waited for you to show up.  Once again. Caught in a lie Paula. Shame on you. I don't know about anyone else but when you go to Panera they don't make you wait while they bake the bread. If your open at 10 you should be ready...not cleaning in front of your customers. Perhaps you should open later to get the extra rest you claim you needed.Your intake form is more then a few important detailed items and also asks for "emergency contact, profession, hobbies, astrological sign, zodiac sign, bday numerology sign...." Unnecessary and time consuming.  Lastly, you lied and picked apart everything with your time stamps but you failed to acknowledge you called and texted me. (Refer to the screen shot photos) Unprofessional and harassing. Who does that? Moreover, many of your reviewers have the same issues as I do...I'm not from Vegas and I don't know which areas are shady. Your garage sale salon is open because your rent is peanuts in the ghetto and your 4/5 reviews are from your friends. Stop lying to the masses and crying cyber terrorism.
5	Today has been my second time to A Harmony Nails, and again it was wonderful!! Thank you Paula for taking care of my hands and feet. I will be back next week for a facial with Rebecca and I can't wait.
1	I'm not a salon snob by any means but the whole experience was very surreal. I walked in and there was a big selection of low quality jewelry but not much nail polish but I gave them the benefit of the doubt because it's a small business. The receptionist was very nice but there became an awkwardness when she said the nail tech would be right over. There was some stalling with 2 pages of odd paperwork which was fine but the receptionist and some other workers were whispering which I never appreciate. If you're going to be secretive do it in another room. The receptionist also received a phone call in which I could only assume that the nail tech was running late because the receptionist seemed a little frantic. Anyway the final straw was that they were not up front with pricing at all. A basic mani/pedi for $60?! There are much better deals in nicer places. Sorry.
5	Love this place the owner Ms. Paula is so wonderful. Here's an up date pic of my new nails for burning man!
2	I must say, i'm quaking a bit writing this review as I see that the owner is very contentious towards any negative reviews on her salon but I feel I must write of my experience here.  I have to say that the employees here are technically very unskilled, at least the ones that I experienced.The positives: As reviewers below have stated, the hygiene of this place is impeccable, I watch for that as I am quite a germaphobe in these places and they scrub the tubs so thoroughly after every job and their tools are sterilized and super clean. The receptionist, technicians, and owner were extremely sweet and offered tea, coffee and were very personable. However, i prefer rude and skilled to sweet and unskilled as I come to salons to come out looking and feeling better, not to chit chat. My brows: She was extremely gentle and even though i usually get a bit of a rash after getting waxed, somehow her technique and the products she used left my skin feeling silky smooth. It was a decent job but my eyebrows are very shaped so it's really just about cleaning up. She took a tad bit off my arch than I usually do and it took a few weeks for me to regain my shape again :/ BNails: I'm looking at pics of other people who had their nails done here and it all looks great. I'm wondering what went wrong with me and i'm guessing she had hired new people since then. Now here it goes. I asked for an American French and for an express mani pedi as I was in a bit of a hurry. They took their SWEET TIME with that. If your customer expresses that she/he has time limits then I believe it's quite important to try to meet that limit. Even then, I do appreciate when technicians take time because they are being thorough but that was not the reason. They would put their tools down at long intervals to chit chat to us and each other and while one was doing my feet, the other finished with my friend but just sat there while my hands were not being worked on. I couldn't believe it. I've never seen such a lack of time efficiency. All in all a 30 minute express mani pedi took well over two hours. AINT NOBODY GOT TIME FOR THAT. Are you kidding me?? Well over two hours for this?? You would think after that I would have some fabulous looking hands and feet but the half circles they shaped for my american were crooked and uneven, I would normally say something but I was extremely pressed for time so I just left. Later at home, the shape bothered me so much that I took them off and redid them myself. Boom. Much better job and I saved myself money and a ton of time. I would say that this salon does have great potential and I really love the relaxing environment of the place but they do need better skilled, more efficient technicians.
