5	best place for dinner! all u can eat salad with large portion of entree and bread! one of my favourite place to hv roast beef and lobster tail! line up during Friday and Saturday dinner.. prices are reasonable! must go!
3	Picture walking into a traditional steakhouse of the 80s and you have the Golf Steakhouse.  The view over the Grand River adds to this ambiance.  This place is not a Barbarians but I recommend them based on the quality verses price ratio.  You will not be disappointed based on the amount of food and there is something for everyone.
4	I've been to the Golf Steakhouse several times andHave never been disappointed in the high qualityOf the steaks , ribs, chicken and fish. The Golf has a goodVariety in their salad bar and some really coolDesserts as well!  I always leave a e good tipas the service is of the highest quality!
3	I have been to Golf's Steak House numerous times with my family to celebrate special occasions. I think overall it is a good place, although sadly the highlight is the all you can eat salad bar. All of the mains are decent, and they are reasonably priced for a steak house, but it won't be the best you have had by a mile.Years ago I was briefly vegetarian and we went here. There was a few vegetarian options, and I got the cabbage rolls. The chefs at the time had absolutely no clue when it came to vegetarian food. There was no significant protein within the roll. No beans. No quinoa. Nothing. I was very hungry soon after.I've had the shrimp and scallops before, and those were good I think.I've also had the ribs there, and they were okay, but you will find way better ribs at the KW Ribfest. Though I don't regret ordering the ribs.It's basically a more reasonable Charcoal Steakhouse. And that's not a bad thing!
4	Great place to eat....never been disappointed and service has always been exceptional.  Food is fresh, hot and made to order.
4	I have been here for many occasions as well and I have yet to be disappointed! I took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner and we had chateaubriand. It was absolutely amazing, perfectly executed and buttery tender steak. I highly recommend ordering this on your next visit because the table-side serving of this dish is so special, and the staff is very attentive and will do everything to go the extra mile :)
1	From the moment we entered the front door.  The service was delayed and unresponsive.  The entire evening followed a similar pattern, everything was slow and poorly executed.  The waitress was unattentive and paid 2 - 3 visits to the table the entire 2 hours we were there.  The food was in all honesty, the 2nd worst meal of my entire 31 years of life. I really have no more time to spend on this, except for my final words of two thumbs down.
1	My 1 star is for the only part of my meal I was happy with, they rested my steak. That being said, it was the worst steak I've ever had! Barely any edible meat, exclusively fat and grizzle. Undercooked, which is surprising for a steakhouse. The menu is so old fashioned, the baked potatoes are served to your table, still wrapped in foil. 3 of our 6 glasses were dirty. I don't like restaurants like this. 1 vegetable for every entree. No composed dishes by any chef.If you own a BBQ or a frying pan, buy your own piece of meat, throw a foil wrapped potato from the grocery store in the microwave and some frozen beans and save yourself the money!Do not recommend, unless you're 70..
