4	This place is awesome!  They have everything that you could ever need.  We got Gulden Draak, Belgium beer with awesome flavor!  10.5% Alc by Vol.  $15 for a 4 pack....
5	Lets just say a little overstimulating - but a good thing!  I think I spent an hour the first in the store If you are into wines they have everything from Old World European wines to domestics; from national distributors to regional vineyards; from your average Merlot to unique Icewine and Plum Wine. Even offer wine tasting in store while shopping.For those who Brew -  national breweries to local/regional/international breweries; Four Peaks, Alaskan, IC,  Santa Fe, etc. And the liquors less just say they have every variation/gradation of the whiskeys, bourbons, vodkas, tequilas and all the ones you would never think of . . . Georgia Moon??Endless possiblities of things to try and cocktails to make.Other:No membership/club program to join.Very friendly staffHave miscellaneous - snacks, popWhat else can I say . . . . PARTY ON!
5	A-mazing. Before the arrival of this most conveniently placed Total Wine, the only place to get unusual booze in CenPho was A.J.'s... and be prepared to shell out big buckaroos for that fancy-pants shiz. If you wanted cheap and copious, you had to make the haul to a BevMo somewhere in the 'burbs. Total Wine -- well, its name alone is a bit of a misnomer. Yes, there are aisles and aisles of wine... but there is also a humongous beer section. But really? The most important thing is the liquor. Rows and rows and aisles and aisles of every flavor of every brand in every size. All at a VERY competitive price point. No stupid member cards. All just rock bottom prices on whatever your little heart desires. Bless them.
5	Amazing selection of all things with alcohol content at acceptable prices.  Nicer decor and feel then BevMo.
2	Yes the decor is good, yes the inventory is gigantic, but there is nothing like poor service to turn me off to a place. We came in and asked if they had any 2004 brunellos. We were directed to the "Italy" section then left on our own. Luckily we could find the brunellos easily enough, but there was no one to offer suggestions such as "this one is a great value" or "this one is fabulous and well worth the $5.00 more than the other..." etc. Well OK, that wasn't what we'd hoped for but, we we still OK. Next we were looking for a bottle of Justin Justification (a cab franc blend), plus we wanted to find a cab franc we hadn't tried yet. We had to wander around to find another person to help us. I asked for the Justin, and the guy was bewildered. I explained it was a cab franc blend and he took me over to the cab sauv section. When I questioned this, he told me they have the cab francs with the cab sauvs. This seemed weird, so I started looking on the other side of the isle in Other Reds (or some generic section name like that) and bingo, found the Justin, and a bunch of other cab francs. I was about to ask which he recommends when he blurted out "well, I have to get back to my section" and took off in what was almost a panic, leaving me to fend for myself. I was clearly about to ask a question - the words were starting to come out of my mouth... Was he really that afraid of being away from "his section"? Was he afraid of not being able to answer my question? I was stunned. I still am. So by that time I was irritated, and with over $100 of wine in the cart was thinking maybe they ought to recognize I could be a good customer....so I decide to give up and head for the cashier. At checkout we realized we forgot one of the gazillion coupons they mail out and exclaimed "dang, we forgot our coupon". We did not expect any response, it was just an exclamation. Considering how prolific those coupons are, it would have been nice if the cashier said "oh, I have one here you can use!" but not doing would also be perfectly fine. Instead we get a stream of complaints from the cashier about how he hates coupons because customers never read them and always want a discount for something that does not match the coupon, yadda yadda yadda. Hm.... complaining about customers to other customers... is that wise? No. We are sticking to AJs where knowledgeable cellar masters can direct to good stuff, regardless of the price range.
4	I am glad to have a Wine/Beer/Liquor superstore in the neighborhood.  Before the only options were along Camelback at AJ's on Central or 44th, and Sportsmans at 32nd.  Don't get me wrong, I am a huge fan of Sportsmans, but Total Wine's selection is second to none.  I have yet to really question their staff on their products, so I cannot speak to their knowledge, but my guess would be that Sportsman's knowledge will still be superior.  The price point at Total wine is absolutely amazing.  It is obvious that they are not marking up their product as much as the other stores are forced to.  They aren't simply taking the money from the consumer, but are passing savings along to the customer.  Great to hear.  I look forward to many purchases at this establishment.
3	It's nice to know that when you are assigned to bring wine to a friends dinner party and you aren't much of a fine wine appreciator you can go here ask for a bottle you may have tried 3 or more months ago and actually find it. Then show up with a palettable bottle or two and knock the socks off your buddies that know you more for drinking beers or whiskey. All with a little help from a member of the total Wine team. It's also much to my suprise a great place for other drinkables to be found and tried. With great store hours, the explorer in me found it helpful to know that I did not have to invest in full size bottles to try various liquors that peak my interests from time to time.
5	I love booze, so clearly I love Total Wine. When I first heard of it I assumed it was a total BevMo knock off, but dare I say it's better than BevMo. I think the selection is a bit better, but the prices are the same. They sell more than wine and have a great beer selection. My favorite latest find is Samuel Smith's Organic Cherry Beer. You will totally forget you are drinking beer. It's like a carbonated cherry juice that gets you tipsy. The selection, service and prices at Total Wine are great and I'm glad I don't have to drive too far for good hooch.
5	my new favorite pastime whenever im bored, is to go to the wall of single bottle beer, and read all of the descriptions. as an avid beer tester (im hoping to be sponsored someday) this is the biggest selection of beers ive ever seen! whats better is they are at least a few bucks cheaper than bevmo or anywhere else. (alcoholism is expensive!) so if your just picking up bud light, or some bottles of erdinger, this place will have it for a little less. the decoration is nice (they have the fat tire bike hanging over a cool display.) the liquor and wine selection is massive. the staff is really nice and dont hover. my only grip is the WE ARREST MINORS posted everywhere. i understand thy have to watch their butts, but they dont need to act like they are the law. its a little much sometimes.all in all though, i will be spending a great amount of money here in the upcoming years, and i cant wait to stumble across my next favorite beer.
5	This location opened up not too long ago and after a few months of procrastination I finally went. I love wine- well, a lot of it anyway- so I knew I was going to love it. It didn't disappoint either. They have sections sorted by variety and geography. The usual wine-growing regions are represented here: Napa Valley, France, Spain, Italy, Chile... and unfortunately Australia (horrendous wine in my opinion.) They even have selections from more unorthodox, less traditional regions. Seeing a Southwest section, I picked up a bottle of Kokopelli Cabernet Sauvignon, which was surprisingly tasty. Total Wine specializes in wine, but they have an impressive section of beers and spirits as well, plus an annex for cigars. I went too late to attend the wine tasting, which ended at five. Then again, I don't believe I'd fancy joining a group of people to swish wine and spit it out in a bucket. They have a classroom for wine classes, though I only saw desks, chairs, a whiteboard and maps of traditional wine-growing regions on the wall. Tuition is $25 for one class, $100 for five. The only thing I wish they had was a cremerie/fromagerie, with more upscale cheeses. All in all, I really enjoyed the trip and intend to go back.
5	Awesome!  Glad to have this place in the neighborhood.  Huge selection and the best prices.  No thank you to BevMo that's dozens of miles away.  Total has a better selection of everything anyway.
4	BevNoMo!I went to Total Wine on a Saturday. I had no intention of buying anything. I came to drink--- for free! I'm a girl, I should never have to buy myself a drink and at Total Wine, I don't have to because they give you beer and wine samples inside the store!Now I can have all the beer and wine I want without pretending like I'm interested in going home with anyone. You don't have to get dressed up either, ladies. Leave the push up bra and fake eyelashes at home, you won't need them here. Aside from the great freebies, this place is cheaper than BevMo and has more to choose from. It is neatly organized by type of alcohol and I want to say that they use the Dewey decimal system but I'm not sure, I was kind of drunk.I did end up buying some things and because I'm so well preserved, they naturally carded me. But then the manager was called and I thought OMG, they are going to tell me I can't drive home because of how much of the free booze I had. But the manager was only called over to check my ID as well, I guess if you look like you just entered puberty, there is a two-tiered ID checking procedure. By the way, I'm a responsible drinker... I let my brother drive us home since he didn't have any to drink. So Total Wine is the Total Shit.
5	How can you not give Total Wine 5 stars?! Outside of Yelp I have heard from friend's ( I don't really like them) complaining; muttering something to the effect of "it's not that impressive". Are you f$&king serious?! Where else can you find the selection AND at great prices without having to be jerked around into getting a club card?! Where else can you find as many craft brews from all over?! Organic Vodka? Yes! They have always had every brand I have gone there in search of(even the elusive Christiana Vodka which I have never seen ANYWHERE else for purchase)! Ok,enough with the questions marks and exclamation points, the facts are they have the biggest selection and the best prices. They blow Bev Mo and Costco out of the water. People always ask me if it's REALLY cheaper then Costco, well it is....... consistently(plus you have to drop $50 just to shop at Costco). We usually hit the Desert Ridge location(that was my first intro), but have been hitting this new Camelback location in CenPho and we like it. It's a good spot and it's probably the only store that sells alcohol that you could spend over an hour in giggling like a child. Enjoy responsibly.
5	My toes curl every time I think about this place. It's like some higher power assembled a store that caters to my primary vice in life: alcohol. There are items here of which I've never heard, but have every intention of trying. Mostly what I'm excited about is being able to expand my vodka experience, and have already tried two different brands. Both were to my satisfaction. This location is perfect for me--close enough that it's not a special trip but far enough away to not be a daily visit.Would it be pretentious of me to mention that my birthday is approaching and gift certificates at Total Wine are on my b-day list?
5	I don't care that it's a chain. This place is OFF the chain.I'm a beer nut, and they have everything I could ever want, just about. They carry all my favorite Stone, Dogfish Head, Rogue, Bear Republic, and every other great beer that I love. They also carry all the beers that people with no tastebuds drink, and all at VERY fair prices. They even carry kegs. I spent a fucking hour here the first time mumbling "holy shit" over and over in my head. It is somewhere between sliced bread and indoor plumbing as to how great their beer selection is. I've discovered that you don't need to spend a lot on vodka. Total Wine carries one for $8.99 that is one very good bottle, highly regarded all over europe, but unknown to us Americans. I'm a bit of a wine snob as well, and they have a lot of my favorites at 75% of what Sportsman's charges. I love Sportsmans, and I would always rather support the local guy, but sometimes if the prices are too good, I have to go corporate. They carry Stag's Leap 2005 Cask 23 Cabernet for $149! It's well over $200 at Sportsman's.Their service is very good as well and most of the employees know the beers well. I asked about Stone's Sublimely Self Righteous and I mumbled Stone S.. and the girl cut me off and said Sublime? Yeah, we don't have anymore and won't get it till next year. She knows every beer in the store well enough that you only have to say half of it. Nice!My only gripe, and it's not major, is they are REALLY ghestapo-like in terms of watching for shoplifters and carding people. They literally sit and watch the cameras waiting for someone to steal just so they can pounce. They also have to hand record every id they look at which really slows down the check in process.
5	I am not a big wine drinker but Total Wine is awesome! They have the biggest selection and the best prices.This place puts BevMo to shame! I can spend hours just wandering the store.The employees are very helpful and have some great suggestions. I am the worst at remembering wines I have had at friends or restaurants, even though my descriptions are often sketchy, they know exactly what I am talking about. They have an area where they do samples of wine, champagne or sometimes beer. This location is awesome and the employees are always very friendly.
5	I've been to Bevmo once and vowed never to go back - same prices as the grocery store, just bigger.  So I really really thought I would dislike Total Wine.BUT... I like wine, and I like booze, and I really like to pay the least amount possible for my wine and my booze.  Total Wine's prices are cheap, especially in the liquor section.  Blows away the grocery store.  Prices are comparable to Costco, but a much bigger selection.  I bought a bottle of Ciroc vodka for 24 bucks or something ridiculus.BONUS - I stopped in Saturday after the gym and got to try 5 or 6 different wines.  And I'm a sucker so I paid for two bottles outside my normal price range.  Its really win-win for everybody.WooHoo is right.
5	This. Is. My. Disneyland!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I simply ADORE Total Wine! It has everything in the adult beverage spectrum that I need! I can't walk into Total Wine and walk out with just one thing. Somehow, I find a NEED for that obscure bottle of Zin, or that AWESOME bottle of bubbly that I bought last time I was there...I have always received GREAT service. I have even been challenged by a wine adviser to try a french version of Chardonnay because I STRONGLY DISLIKE (read HATE) Chardonnay.  He ended up changing my mind.They offer ten cent wine tastings on weekends which is great if you're just browsing for a new wine to try! I have also met a Patron rep and a Moosehead rep on a weekend! It's a great opportunity to try new things, and get some coupons or drink recipes!I also like Total Wine because it fits every budget! It's possible for you to land a decent $7 bottle of wine as well as a $70 bottle! They also have great holiday hours (they were open on Thanksgiving last year) that allowed me to pick up last minute hostess gifts! I have never been wronged at Total Wine and hope they continue offering great deals and great value!
5	For my 100th Yelp Review I wanted to write about someplace that I adore. It was a twist of fate that I ended up here in the first place, and while I'd heard how great it was I wasn't prepared for the sheer magnitude or the selection they offered. When the doors opened to reveal a warehouse devoted solely to wine, spirits, and crafted beer, I think my heart skipped a beat for a moment. Aisles and aisles of gorgeous bottles of wine from vineyards in every corner of the globe was a bit overwhelming at first, but after getting lost in them for a while became more of an adventure looking at grape variety, origin, and labels.Next, on to the crafted beers. Now, for those of you that read my reviews, you know I can't have gluten. I haven't had "real" beer in almost 10 years now but was almost brought to tears when I realized that Total Wine carried not one, not 2, but FOUR types of gluten free beer plus a fine selection of hard ciders! OMG OMG OMG! I gladly paid $10 for a 6 pack of Bard's Sorgum beer and will be back to buy another 6 pack with my nifty $1.00 off coupon I got by email. My husband tasted a sip of my Bard's and had to look at the label twice to make sure that it was actually gluten free because he couldn't tell the difference. Gluten free or not, it's a mighty tasty beer.Finally, the perfect finish to my visit that day was the nice young man at checkout who asked me for ID. His button read "We card if you look younger than 30" and I nearly kissed the kid when he wouldn't even ring up my purchase until I could prove to him that I was of age. Thank you Mr. Check Out Guy, for making this 30-something's day with your simple request. 5 stars all around.
5	Total Wine is bloody fantastic. Costco prices, every bottle size you can imagine (yes, even those freaky tiny airplane bottles), wine, mixers, beer...you name it, it's here. Sorry BevMo, I have a new boyfriend and his name is Total Wine.
5	I actually know nothing about wine other than I like Reds better than Whites.  I was looking for a birthday gift and also bought a bottle of wine for me.  It was $4.00 and very good.  I may have to go back for more. The selection is unbelieveable and the service is very good.  Can I move in?
5	I love this place! Every random and weird beer that I look for I find when I visit Total Wine. Dog Fish Head found it and love it. Purple Haze found it and it was good. Very cheap liquor prices too.
5	I love total wine! I could  spend hours in here (and okay maybe I have) They offer an amazing selection and great prices. Good to buy other alcohol too, usually around $4 less a bottle than what you pay at the grocery store.  They also offer wine tasting daily which ends up with me buying more wine than I should. The people who work there seem to love there jobs, and are more than happy to help you find a great bottle.
5	Just as at the Tempe location, they have EVERYTHING here, the staff is friendly, knowledgeable & helpful, & the prices LOW!  Today, for instance, I called about one of my favorite wines, & they carry it (of course), but also at 43% LESS than I had been paying for it at the other "discount" store, so of course I whipped right up here & bought a CASE of it!Woohoo!    :-))
4	This place is way better than BevMo! They have an incredible selection and super friendly staff.However, I do have some grips to make it perfect. While I was gluten free, I came here for all of my gluten free beer selection, but they were consistently out of their selection, and only offered some of the beer brands. I had to go to Whole Foods to complement Total Wine's selection. They should really consider expanding their options for GF within the store. It's in a super convenient location, so it's easy to get here. But - at the same time, I think I'd rather go to Trader Joes and grab a bottle of wine if I can - small selection, but they have the kind I like there and I don't have to walk the immense aisles of Total Wine (but they're amazing - don't think I don't like TW, I'm a huge fan!)
3	Love and HATE this place. Great deals on hard to find items. The age discrimination with having a manager verify my ID, ask me how old I am, and document it each time is VERY irritating. "Yes, I'm still 21, like I was yesterday I told one of the managers". (Especially when I am in the store on average 3 times per week.) Even 2 days in a row! Show me the law or documents that states they are allowed to harass me for my age. When will it stop? When I'm 22? 23? ID people at the door if you're going to hold me up at the check-out. Its annoying and makes me feel un-welcomed.
5	Because it's Friday and I'm in the mood to celebrate, it's time to review the ultimate Disneyland for drunks. Total Wine, you are the bees knees. The proper mindset for this review should not be "I'd like a beer with dinner." This is Friday-afternoon-lets-tie-one-off time. Even the most moderate of imbibers will start to get an itch, a sort of hunger, when entering the hallowed halls of this market. Wide aisles stocked to the roof greet you. I won't discuss the wine because, frankly, I'd sound like an idiot. Lets just assume it's great. I can't look at the beer and booze sections without hearing angels sing. This is a good thing since angels sing well. I have yet to crave a brew that I haven't been able to find at Total Wine. If I'm feeling homesick for Tucson (which doesn't happen much) I can grab an ice cold sixer of Nimbus Old Monkeyshine. Delicious monkeys... Seriously though, think of a beer. Go to Total Wine and find it. It's like magic! 9%abv magic. Want great beer in a can? Grab yourself an Old Chubb, Ha, I just made myself giggle. The booze selection is a beautiful testament to excess. The selection is varied, detailed and complete. To compare it to another adult beverage superstore the defining difference is the selection. Whereas the unnamed superstore would have two or three kinds of say, Limoncello, Total Wine has close to a dozen. You can't beat that. The most amazing thing about Total Wine is the pricing. A six pack of Kiltlifer is nearly three bucks less than I can find it elsewhere. The aforementioned Limoncello is typically four to five dollars cheaper. I justify buying top shelf stuff by telling myself that it's a bargain. I lie to myself alot. If you're looking to get your drank on, there is no better place to go than Total Wine.
1	Super annoying staff! It's such a shame that the mecca of booze in central phx is cluttered with such an obnoxious staff. Never again will I spend a penny there. My husband and I ran in with literally 5 minutes to spare to find a $50 bottle of wine as a gift for a party we were late for. As soon as we walked in we explained our purpose to the idiot standing by the door and proceeded on our mission. The guy must have not heard the $50 part because he takes us right to a $70 bottle. My husband tasked me to grab a gift bag so I ran off. After 15 minutes I see my husband rush to the register to pay so we can hit the road. The woman working the register asked my ID even though my husband was paying. I explained I was in a hurry and left my bag in the car, but would run and get it if she could start ringing my husband. She refused. That was when it all started to go downhill. I told her that I am almost 30 and if I were some underage punk I would be going for a keg, not a $60 bottle of wine. She continued to insist I had to get my ID first. I felt my whole body heating up and my face turning red. The $%^&% called her "manager" over to ask his advice on the matter. Here we go. This chess club reject who was clearly younger than me came over and started in with this "calm down" bulls&8t. Which really annoyed me because I wasn't even upset at that point, but now I was. Then the 40-year old virgin starts in with that I am not even allowed in the store if I am under 21. Which is great and makes sense. Like bars right? So I asked the idiot if that is the case why not card at the door? He stood there with this annoying blank stare like I was speaking Japanese to him. So the genius asks me my birthday hoping I was slipped up. Once I responded--all of a sudden my ID was not needed and all was right with the world. I was so angry about his tone and the way I was treated I stormed out and will NEVER return and hope that every single person I know does the same. Safeway has just as good prices if not better.
5	All Hail the Dutchess of Total Wine, AMber W!Total Wine is probably my favourite (For Nathan S.) place on the planet. For reals, yo.  You can waste a whole entire afternoon walking around looking at new wines, spirits, and beers. It never gets old!They have such a huge variety, and in every price range... single beers, 6-12-24-30 packs... single serving bottles up to kegs... they even have multiple gluten free beers and ciders for me! Excellent customer service, great prices (generally $1-2 cheaper than walmart or the grocery store, on average), perfectly located next to Chipotle, and they always have the product I need readily available. I tried asking once if they would let me bring a cot and just move in, but I got denied. Perhaps one day my fantasy will come true!
1	"Eek methinks not" sums it up!Total wine does have a nice selection, but their employees are consistently rude and unhelpful!Even the manager couldn't help us find a simple wine!
4	I went in today for a certain wine, which is a popular one, always available from the vintner, & the were out of it!  I had to make the long drive over to the Tempe store to get it.  Now I still appreciate the very low prices, but you don't "carry 8000 wines" if you're out of half of them!  Good management calls for not running out of what you say you have!Minus 1 Star, all the way down to 4!  That'll show them!     :-O
4	I really like total wine. A lot better than Bev-mo, I don't even look for a bev-mo anymore, i never find it to be cheaper.This location delivers just like any other total wine i have been to. We rented a keg there for our wedding and it turned out to be a little bit cheaper than we were quoted. We also found a new wine there that is super cheap for some reason and beats out most wines that we have had at a WAY higher price.  I'm not going to release that information though, it's my little secret. :)
4	Definitely a great spot to go to get a variety of beers, spirits, etc. The staff is generally knowledgable and helpful, and it is clean, bright, and appealing.They have a small, but relatively well-stocked selection of loca wines, and they have Chartreuse (yum!)
4	Great selection of wines (and beer and liquor) of every description, people who know their stuff, a good selection of well-priced cigars, ample hours, and within walking distance. What's not to like?
5	I distinctly recall my first visit to Toys-R-Us after years of scouring the aisles of the local Kay Bees in the shopping malls. Toys-R-Us was in its own building, its own building! And, upon entry, I was overwhelmed and even a bit frightened. I had no idea such diversity existed in the toy world, at least outside of the Sears catalog. Unfortunately, I wasn't ready for it and I never really gave up Kay Bee or the more cozy and convenient setting of Kay Bee (much easier when the family is already at the mall)...still, I am quite sure I missed out on many hunks of plastic, like, wait, the GI Joe Hovercraft has a mini hovercraft that mounts on the hovercraft! Well...no more. When I first experienced Total Wine on the East Coast, I was ready. And when this Camelback location opened, I was more than ready. This is your one stop Toys-R-Us (with a much better interior) for adults. Don't get me wrong, the cozy confines of your local wine store still can offer great things, but can they offer 8-10+ rows of wine, plus what seems like 200+ kinds of vodka, 150+ bourbons, 100+ rums, etc...great beer, 6-packs and many singles (including a great Belgian and unique European import offering), cigars, and liquors with hovercrafts? Total Wine can! The selection for beer, wine, liquor, mixers, and even cigars is great and unmatched in the area.  Your legal vice can be fully fed, and then some. On top of that, they offer decent pricing and helpful service. Sure, there are some wines you might find at Sportsman's and not here, but don't mistake Total for a Wal-Mart or even BevMo. Total is its own special place...in its own building. I have one warning -- don't grab a cart unless you must. No matter what intentions you may have, once the cart is in your hands, it will magically become filled. You've been warned.
4	Reading the low star reviews on here is hilarious. These people seem to want to be waited on like they're something special. If you're in a hurry or don't know anything about wine, go to a grocery/convenience/corner liquor store or do a bit of your own research before shopping instead of expecting everyone in the store to know exactly what you're looking for and where to find it. However, if you're like me and like to just browse and not be bothered every 5 minutes by staff and don't mind being carded (everyone knows that if you're with someone buying liquor, no matter what the store or how old you are, BOTH of you are to be carded so deal with it and make sure everyone has their IDs) then Total Wine is the best place to find what you need. The only qualms I have are the labels for each bottle are very VERY small and the organization is lacking, but for a place that has over 50 types of cider and flavoured beers at cheaper-than-most-soda prices (as well as a few bottles of rare sodas in their non-alcoholic section) it can't be beat. I also really like that you can pick and choose to create your own 6-pack of nearly all the types available and not just the most common brews - BevMo needs to take note and get on this - and that the 6-pack holders are right there in every isle. I don't go to a store - especially a chain - for the staff, I go to buy the things I want. As long as they have it and it's decently priced, nothing else should matter!
5	bev who???? total wine is my favorite!!!!!!!  weekend wine tastings! beer classes!! tons of beer and wine to choose!!!! always low prices!!! my 12 pack is 11.49 everytime!! tgftw!!!!
5	"Bevmo....did you see this guy?"Total Wine, is my boo.I shall be faithful and loyal to the aggrandizing store in which you are and in which you hold dominion over all.R\_Note: dont get tooooo cocky TW.
5	Lowest prices on everything. Period.  I save an average of 5-10 dollars a bottle compared to other stores.EXCELLENT selection
4	What's not to love about TW?  If they don't have it you probably don't need it....Heck they may even order it for you.I have been on a lambic kick and to my surprise I found many varieties to consider.  Their prices are also quite reasonable.  The employees here have always been helpful, friendly and professional.
3	I seriously dread and love going here at the same time. They have great singles of beer which is my go-to gift for my fiance, but it's ALWAYS a hassle at check out. Last time the (extremely nice) cashier said that the manager had just redone the sku book and there were things missing. When the MOD came over to assist (5 minutes later) the cashier and he were bantering back and forth about her not feeling well and going home and he was saying she had to stay. I said she should get to go home unless he fixes the sku book. I got a blank stare. The next time I was in (3/31 8pm) the lines were long and the manager was needed at one register (apparently they have to double check all IDs that are 21- seriously... make your fake IDs for a 22 year old kids!). We all got to watch this jerk-off saunter over to the register. Taking his. sweet. little. time. UUUURRRRGGGG! Granted, I was grumpy. But as a former manager I know when I see something amiss in service and it is acutely visible in this store's management. I guess they haven't noticed the job postings online or they just don't care.
4	Well, when it comes to your giant liquor stores you have pretty much Total Wine and BevMo.  As the name would hint, Total Wine is a bit more on the wine side.  Though also great for beer, especially with their single bottle section.  Great if you just want to try things without having to find the right bar or buy a six pack to realize you hate one after a single drink.Though, TW does have plenty of Spirits, BevMo seems to slightly edge them out on this one.  Plus, BevMo seems to have a little more (not by much) hard cider selection.  (Yes, I am one of *those* people).But as it goes, if you like wine this is your place.  If you like beer, this is your place.  And if you just like booze, you are set here as well.  From your high ends to your giant plastic bottles for $10, they have it.  And much better off then going to a grocery store or one of Phoenix's many shady liquor stores.Though I do fine they are a bit hard on the ID checking.  I know they don't want to get shut down or in trouble, but it feels like a tiny interrogation each time I go to the register.  But, hey, for inexpensive booze that is still good quality, a little third-degree doesn't hurt.
4	I'd really love to support the little mom and pop neighborhood beer and wine shop (I guess that would Sportsman's?) but it's kind of hard when they charge a lot and have a pretty mediocre beer selection. Then Total Wine opened up a location at 16th and Camelback, and I haven't been back to Sportsman's since.Total Wine is sort of like Target to BevMo's Walmart. The design is nicer, and in my opinion the selection is better. The beer aisle is long and glorious. They've got nearly everything distributed in the Phoenix area, a selection which has exploded since we moved here three years ago. I used to have to drive out to Sun Devil Liquor in Mesa to find a decent beer selection. Now it's just a mile away. When I saw the "Coming Soon: Total Wine" sign a couple years ago, I let out a yelp of gladness. Good riddance, Circuit City.There are only two problems with Total Wine:1) I still far prefer Trader Joe's when it comes to decently-priced, drinkable wine. Total Wine should add an under $10 selection culled from their wine expert's favorites. The last $6 bottle we grabbed from TW was, frankly, pretty awful. We didn't even finish it, which takes a lot in our household. (To be fair, it was a Pinot Noir, and $6 is unspeakably cheap when it comes to Pinots. We should've known.)2) There is one employee, a middle aged woman, who is really, really rude, and has been in every exchange we've ever had with her, even if it was watching her deal with another customer. After about the 7th or 8th time of dealing with her weird power trips, we complained to the manager. Everyone else at this location is excellent, so just hope you don't get her.
5	I have been back several times since my initial review.  I still am loving this place.  I finally started using a shopping cart instead of a basket.  Does that make me a boozer?
5	The only place in the neighborhood that i will buy my booze! The selections are awesome for wine, beer and spirits! I usually drink strongbow and they always have it. I also love that they have Rogue Hazelnut brown. Prices are great as well!
5	OMG!!! I thought I died and went to booze HEAVEN..Seriously, this place is huge and has everything you need to get over a bad day, bitchy wife or mean husband!!I love me some vodka and they have every kind, flavor you could imagine. i prefer a brand called VIeL..it is 5 timese distilled and comes in a bunch of flavores, it is only 10 bucks, i know your thinkin I am one to maybe buy bottem shelf stuff but far from the truth cheap stuff equals a bad next day ALL DAY for this girl..go in try it ohh an if you just so happen to be a Hello Kitty fan they have Hello Kitty champagne!!! i love her..you will be in this store for a long time...Plus they offer free tastings
4	Wow, talk about sensory overload as you walk in... AISLES AND AISLES of liquid fun!  :)  The nice gentle scent of wine as you walk into the store and the nicer decor than Bevmo, not to mention the MUCH larger selection (can't wait for our TW&M Goodyear location to open this summer!)  Such a nice, large beer aisle to walk up & down, making the selection of a favorite beer or maybe one you haven't tried or even seen before.
5	I LOVE TOTAL WINE SO HARD IT HURTS. OUCH. IT HURTS. SEE? :) I've been to a few locations here in the valley, all of which have been amazing, this one just seems to tickle me in that right spot.. Their staff is a bit friendlier, and outgoing than the other's I've been to, and can talk you into buying just about anything.. SUCH a good thing, when it comes to value priced booze!
5	Total Wine, I know now that I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I guess I had to go through that BevMo phase so I could appreciate when something better came along and now I never look back. I always look forward to seeing you and we always have such a great time together. You never fail to have someting new and exciting for me when I pass through those doors: Fantastic selection of vodka (where else can I find good Russian or even ICELANDIC vodka???) Onto the wine: Nowhere else can I find Pinot Noir from Central Otago in New Zealand or multiple offerings from South Africa. Not to mention the beer. Like I said, always something new. I only fear that I may have to get a second job to keep our relationship going, because I always walk out with my wallet a bit lighter. But you just keep me coming back for more!!! I'll see you again real soon!
5	Ok, Ok.  Back up to 5 Stars for this place.  When I did my last update I was peeved that they weren't keeping my favorite wine in stock, but it turns out that they are ordering all they can get and it is rationed out to them.  Then, I'm not the only one watching for the deliveries & running & grabbing a carload of it!Friendly service, monster selection, very low prices!     :-))
5	Mass quantities of liquor all in one place?  Free tastings of more than just wine?  Coupons for yummy bottles of deliciousness?This is all I desire in life.  :)  Enjoy!
4	great prices on beer and wine.soft drinks and mixers are pricy, though.
4	I made my way in to Total Wine to see if they carried Ace Perry Cider, which I used to drink at George and Dragon ll a few years a go. After admiring the impressive inventory I sought some help to hopefully locate my libation of choice and the employee was efficient and helpful. It was clear that they had plenty of staff eagerly addressing people's needs.They even had my cider in two sizes.I'm not a frequent drinker, but this will definitely be my go to purveyor when the need for fermented deliciousness arises. The myriad of choices and strong focus on customer service did not disappoint!
5	They have everything!So, the last cruise DH and I took introduced us to a couple of special bottles of wine. DH's fave was called Magnificat (I found it a bit heavy in the oak) and set us back about $ 80.00.  Found it here for $35.00.  My favorite was a Meritage called Col Solare $99.00 onboard our ship and difficult to find in Boulder.  Total Wine had Col Solare for $65.00!Nice!Slight draw back: first time I asked for help finding Col Solare, the guy misdirected me, but another young employee helped me locate this special bottle of wine!
2	This Total Wine made me really upset. They didn't have the ones I was looking for compare to the other Total Wine in CA.  This place didn't have the Moscatos I usually get at the Total Wine in Tustin/Redondo locations. They also didn't have this Champagne that my brother was looking for, but they do have it in CA.  The only reason why I am giving 2 stars is because they had Tequila Rose, which my friend asked me to get for her, not only did they have it, but they had a really big bottle for only 32.99!
2	Stopped into Total Wine again for what is now the third time. My first time was just after it opened and the store was a bit chaotic  and I found that the employees seemed a bit pretentious. I was unimpressed so it was quite a while before I went back again.My second trip in was about a week or so ago. I found the beer area with lots of empty slots for where the micro brewed sixers should have been but were not. I was able to find some beer to my liking. Upon arrival at checkout I noticed the signs that say something like "under 30 have ID ready." I've always felt it was stupid for companies to post such stuff because what the hell does that really mean? I'm over 30 and I was asked for my ID which I have no problem with but if I wanted to be a real jerk I could have complained about the sign I guess. I had my beer in a hand basket and put it on the conveyor belt. When I was the next up at the register I was asked to remove my bottles from the basket. I didn't know why and thought maybe I had missed a sign with that instruction someplace. I made my purchase and was on my way.My third and most likely last visit was tonight. I went in and went straight to where the singles of the beer I was looking for were only to find that they hadn't restocked it since I cleaned it out a few days back, either that or it's a hot seller which I doubt. I then moseyed (that's right I mosey) over to the six pack section only to find the beer I was looking for in stock there. Now don't get me wrong, I was happy to find it in the six pack as it was a cheaper price but how stupid is it to stock the six and not take a couple out to stock the single when the single sells at a higher markup? I'd have to go with pretty stupid. I then moseyed around to the other side of the aisle and picked up another brew I was looking for. I made my way up to the register and proceded to put my hand basket with 2 sixers of beer in it on the conveyor belt. Again I was asked to remove my beer from the basket. Having not noticed a sign about this I asked the cashier what the deal was with that. Apparently it is to help them which is fine but but now I'm doing her job and not even getting a please. I was polite and the register lady was clearly annoyed with me because I asked why.That's the rundown on my transactions but here are some other observations:1) They often times charge substantially more for the single in the mix your sixpack section than they do in the sixpack section. For example the beer I was looking for was $1.99 for a single and $8.99 for a sixer. That's quite a difference in my opinion.2) Labeling beers with implications of them being from someplace they're not is deceiving. I know the beer companies do this themselves but there's no need for the stores to play along. Putting Alexander Keith's "Nova Scotia Style Lager" in the Canadian section is pure BS since it is brewed in St. Louis Missouri not in Canada.3) They do have some competitive and really good pricing. A sixpack of Anchor Steam was $6.99 and I noticed good prices on some other beers as well.4) Their offerings in the beer department are pretty good but could always be better. Offering case prices, sixpack prices and single prices for all beers would be nice.Overall I'd say this place has potential but it fails in the sheer laziness, unpleasantness and stupidity of its employees.As I try and shop local I think I'm better off sticking to AJ's who have a pretty impressive selection as well as employees that are usually more happy about working. If I'm not in the mood for AJ's I can always take a drive over to Tops in Tempe where the employees are more friendly, game to chat it up about beer, they sell smokes and have lots more beer and are a true local gem.To me it's worth the dollar or two in price to go to AJ's or worth the drive to go to Tops. Do yourself a favor and skip the mega chain and their rude employees.
2	Good place to go for a cheaper bottle of your favorite booze, but lacks in authenticity of review for some items.  I was in the mood to explore my taste, and took advantage of the staff pick card for a new drink.  Granted, I was skeptical because of the apparent "value" of the item, so I asked another staff member who enthusiastically verified the review.  Let me just say that it was horrible!  I was sold a bottom shelf item at mid shelf price for, what seemed, a bottom line quota! Go there to get what you know you like for a cheap, warehouse price.  Stick to mom & pop's shop for taste exploration (and supporting local business & expertise).
5	Anothing five star from me, two in one day is pretty rare, however Total Wine is my home away from home.  Although their prices are the lowest I've seen (eat their dust Bevmo!), I'm still planning for putting up nearly as much in booze as I do in rent due to the fact that I live a block from this place.  Highlights:Wine tastingNear limitless section of tequila (and easily the cheapest)Staff picks and top rated wines on the left immediately after enteringHelpful staff that won't make you feel like an idiot the first time you buy wineTons of micro-brews, even the biggest alky could go weeks without having to pick up the same sixer twice.I'm fortunate to live under a half mile from this place, because there's nowhere I'd rather spend the last $75 in my checking account.
5	Great selection. Easy check out.
5	Review on Selection and Beer ClassBeer selection.A larger beer selection than BevMo, but the selection does periodically miss the really rare beers.  If you are looking for  something  recently released, like Vertical epic, try Bevmo, or call the store before you visit.  A note of caution, it is quite difficult to locate a specific beer, it is best to ask the staff because the beer could literally be anywhere in the store.  Belgium Beer Tasting Class. So I signed up for the monthly beer class, which is a steal at $15. I don't like Belgium beers, but the class gave me a new appreciation for them.   Overall the class was filled with a few beer geeks and some curious Phoenicians.  The class comes with 12 beers samples, palette cleansing nuts, 1 PowerPoint and a score sheet.  I loved learning about the random origin of beer names. The speed of the class really depends on your instructor and how much the class likes a beer.  So if you don't know anything about beer, this is the best low key place to learn.  Friendly and non judging, you are allowed to ask any question.  The class really only takes 75 mins, but you might need the extra 45 mins to walk off the beer.  Either have a DD, or merely moisten your lips with the beer and pour the rest out.  So, beer class is like wine tasting, don't drink everything.  So if you're like me, a little part you dies every time you pour out your beer.  It's painful, but I'll be back.
4	great selection of craft beer! friendly staff, huge place, great prices.
4	this place puts BevMo to shame on there prices. i will never buy my liquor at any other place now that i have found Total Wine.First time i went in there i found a handle of crown for $29.99!!!! like seriously where else will you find it that cheap? lol SOLD! check this place out if you havnt yet its a alchoholics wet dream.
5	AMAZING BEER SELECTION!!If you love craft beers this is the place to go.  I browsed their online catalog and I was not very impressed and was somewhat skeptical on the selection they would have.  Their online catalog does not do the store justice!  There is an entire row from the front to the back of the store with amazing beer selections.  Very cheap prices, I was amazed to see dogfish head for 3-5 dollars less than what I pay in Chicago.  Also, they have a make your own six pack deal where you can pick up singles.  Still comes out just as cheap as buying a 6 pack of the same beers.  Prices for single 12 oz bottles/cans range from .99 cents - approx $1.60.
5	Total wine is where you want to shop for your adult libations. Most of their beers, wines, and alcohols are priced a good 20% less than just about anywhere else; such as, Bev Mo, your general grocery stores, AJ's, and other liquor stores. It's rare that you find what you're looking for less than you can get it at Total Wine; unless there's a sale, even then the price is usually just a few cents less than TW. They've got as good or better of a selection than anywhere else around. Just about every wine, champagne, beer, and liquor you might want. They can also do orders for you if they have the ability to order / stock what you're looking for.If you can swing a car trip just for your drinking pleasures or can plan it for your way home, it's worth coming here to save the extra $.Now only if there was a yelp check in offer, I'd be able to satisfy my inner cheapskate :)    ...as if it wasn't a great price already.
5	I'm a fan of Total Wine.  In fact, I'm like a kid in a candy shop with all of the craft beers!  And the beer prices are much lower than at the grocery store.  I was craving pastis, the anise-flavored cordial enjoyed by the French in the summer.  Sure enough, Total Wine had it!  Plus, they have a bike rack (extra star & added to the list)!
5	I agree with a lot of the other reviews: Total Wine blows BevMo out of the water. The alcohol selection is a lot larger.
4	Great selection of beers and wines. Prices better than Bevmo.
5	Some how they managed to top my previous experience with these two new finds.Is your desired beverage room temp and not ready for an outing?  You're in luck! This Total Wine has a fantastic cooler machine! In  3-8 minutes and your beverage goes from room temp to party temp.  The beer selection has some gotten significantly over the last 2 months.  Not only is it magically more organized, there are more famous breweries such as Odell, Cooney Island and Left Hand.  If you can't find something make sure to ask the staff.
5	Yep, it's a chain...but where else can you in the city go to get your niche scuppernong sweet wines?  The customer service is great...always helpful and very knowledgable.  The selection can be very overwhelming, which makes their uber helpful employees even more valuable!
4	This place has it all -- fantastic customer service, extensive wine selection, affordable prices and weekend wine/beer/liquor tastings. BevMo's going to be the next Blockbuster.
5	Beer, wine, and liquor...one stop shopping! Love! Oh, they also have gifts for the wine and beer lover, and yummy gourmet snacks.  Wine tasting on certain days.
5	I love this place. But I'm not an alcoholic, I swear.
4	Total Wine has some great deals going on all the time but it's important that you go in with a idea of what you want. If you don't you might get sold! Total Wine has endless rows of every type of spirit and beer imaginable and they even have a beer tap area. It's worth visiting on a weekend and be prepared to sample your way through the store!
5	My own personal heaven. I can get lost in this place for houuuurs. Massive selection of literally everything (wine, liquor, been, hard to find shit). Staff is also super helpful. Wine tastings throughout the week & they offer classes too (reasonably priced).
5	the best BIG BOX chain to buy wine from. They also have a great cigar selection
4	I went there today to stock up on wine for my rental cabin in Flagstaff on the recommendation from my girlfriend who went over the weekend. She RAVED about how helpful everyone was.  Apparently, I'm not nearly as hot as my girlfriend. To be fair, she went on the weekend, I went on a Monday at noon, so I'm sure it's better staffed on weekends. Although no one asked if they could help, I did have one guy offer a suggestion, so really that's not bad compared to almost any huge store.  I ended up getting a great variety of wines from around the globe, 24 in all.  Prices seemed good, but I didn't exactly bring my abacus so don't quote me on that. If you want a massive selection, along with cigars, beer, and wine accessories, give Total wine a shot.
5	My liver cowers in fear of Total Wines...Lets be objective: You have a bevvy of choices to appease the liquor-lover inside you. But how many of them carry literally every possible beverage option you can imagine? Total Wines does. Its scary when someone says such a thing..."I love looking at liquor, bro!"...But here, it is ok....and I will explain why now!~What to Do~Find and procure whatever alcohol option your taste buds prefer. Also, attend classes/seminars on the art of the drink, as well as the occasional tasting, depending on the offering.~The Good~Looking in each aisle, you get a really good sense of options for how to get your drink on. The selection, no matter the type of drink, is beyond comprehensive. They have items from around the world, some of which I never would have known or been able to try...especially in the beer aisles and the numerous liquors they ship in from other countries. The prices are so reasonable that I can try out new items without breaking the bank. At a supermarket, your choices are limited at best to the popular brands, at a general markup. And yes we do have Bevmo here in the valley. Bevmo pales in comparison, their prices simply do not match up to Total Wines on a consistent basis. The events they hold are very strong as well, something Bevmo doesn't do. Their selection doesn't either. I understand my drinks, so all I really need are general suggestions or navigation help, and they provide that with customer service. I asked about the different coconut rums offered here (they have 8 different brands, off the top of my head) and the nuances of each. The rep was able to explain the differences, like alcohol %'s, taste, creaminess, etc. Outstanding service. Finally, they provide a comprehensive free book on all their offerings, along with price points and general information. It is a great tool, they also have another book free of charge which delves into the different types of drink from around the world. Thank you, Total Wine.~The BadThere really is not much to complain about. The prices are almost always lower than anywhere else (I check), and customer service is very strong. I do take issue with the beer growler station they have, which does not allow you to taste test the offerings. I am no smarty pants, but I feel like this is something that would markedly enhance my experience and allow me to choose more openly what they are offering. Why would I buy an entire growler filled with a craft beer I may not like? I know, right? So that makes me shake my head a bit. Other than that, we are sound as a pound.~The Down Low~If Frank the Tank were real, he would shop here. He would marvel at the prices, throw his keg into the back of the not street legal Red Dragon, drive home laughing, then hold an awesome party. Originally I have TW with 4.5 stars due to the growler station snafu, but I will round up with Yelp's star system. 5 stars go out to Total Wine for the outstanding selection, amazing prices, strong customer service, fun/insightful events, and fast friendly checkout. When you want something from a vine, you best go to Total Wine. :-D ENJOY!
5	I can't decide if its a bad thing to know some of the employees of your local liquor store better than employees at your neighborhood grocer, your neighbors, or even your extended family - but that's a blog post for another day.I probably come here 2-3 times a week for everything from beer on game days, whiskey on whiskeywednesdays, wine for special dinners, and even for cigars on nights when I need to unwind - and I can honestly say that I've never left Total Wine disappointed.This place is a fantastic store that puts all other liquor stores / departments to shame in terms of selection, price and even ambiance.  Always clean, always friendly and always inviting.  I will continue to shop here.  (On a semi-daily basis)
3	I'm not a big wine or liquor person, but I do enjoy the fact that they have an excellent selection of major label and craft beer. I also love the fact that you can put together a six-pack from the individual cans and bottles which gives you a good way to try some new styles without committing to a full six-pack or case before you know whether you like the taste.I do wish they had more coolers and more choices in already cold beers, but considering its called Total Wine, I suppose the beer selection is already pretty good.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! This is the best place to get beer and wine because they have everything. I can only find my favorite Moscato here. I love the mix and match so someone as indecisive as me can try one of each. The prices are very reasonable and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. I recently attended a "Meet the Makers" event at the Camelback location and got to meet Jake Leinenkugel. We tried samples and listened to how each beer was thought up. The growler fill station is so cool. I have yet to purchase one. Whenever they have tastings I am always the first in line because I may find my next favorite beverage. This is always the first place that comes to mind when I need a refill.
2	Prices are pretty good, but the staff is awful. Cashiers, staff on the floor, anyone I have ever had contact with while making my stop, have been just terrible. Stock on some staples seems to come and go pretty often which bums me out, but I always find something I can't find anywhere else, or at least for much less $ than anywhere else. I keep coming back for that reason, and location alone.
4	I love you. I am not just saying that because of the amazing selection of craft beers constantly available to me. Nor because of the seasonal and special selection craft beers that are ever rotating or the amazing prices. Part of it might be the growler bar. Part of it might be the incredibly helpful staff. But I can honestly and truly say that I love you. I can always find something's worth taking home. I don't mid that your shipments seem to be a week or two behind the other locations. You always make it worth the wait. I hope I get to see you later. It has been too long. Have I told you I love you? Psssst. I love you. Officially the creepiest review I have ever written. And most sincere. :)
5	Great selection of wine, beer, and liquor from around the world at all different price points. Stop on by...the constant clink-clink of glass and bottles moving is like music to my ears.
1	The girl at the cashier was not pleasant to deal with, it's not my fault you're working on thanksgiving!!!  If you hate your job then quit!!!!  You should have a smile on your face & make your customers feel welcome!!!
4	Never been to a Total Wine before.  It was fun to see that they had more than just wine, although my mission for the night was for wine it is good to know that I could still get a bottle of beer or liqueur. It also impressed me that they had a whole section just for cigars.  This is definitely a nice one stop shop for all your major party items.
4	I remember my first visit to a Total Wine like it was yesterday. I walked in and thought, "Hey now. Where have you been my entire life?"And then I stood there blocking the front entrance. Struck dumb by the vast number of aisles of goodness.I may have heard a harp or two. See, in New York we have to scurry up and down the liquor store aisle, sucking in our beer guts. It's heresy to have a shopping cart as you shop in a store. So to have the option to effective DRIVE a car down aisles of wine, well, I almost died.So when I heard the harp, I thought I was in heaven.With sliding glass doors.I meandered around the aisles and was so confused. Nice people kept offering to help me. ALL THE TIME. (Where did they come from?)Fast forward to a year of Phoenix life and I was a bit jaded. "Meh. We have booze everywhere! You can buy it in chain stores! What do I need a speciality wine store for?"I'll tell you what I adore it for!DELIVERY!I placed an online order and it was here within two days.Yep.High Five Total Wine!You will forever be in my heart!
5	I always enjoy going to Total Wine.  It is fun just walking around and looking at all the interesting wines and beers that they have.  You can always find a great deal and great prices at Total Wine.  They have 1000's of wine, beer and alcohol that you can choose from.  Sometimes it is hard to choose a wine or beer when you are there.  One thing I really like about total wine is that they have a staff member in each department of the store that can help you find what you are looking forward.   I was really excited when they opened this store a couple of years ago.   It is close to my house and I can always get what I'm looking forward at an awesome price.
4	This is one of those places that I consider an adult candy store. There is so much selection here that if you don't have an inkling of what you are looking for, you could probably walk out with the entire store (provided you have the budget). Prices are very good and their staff is amazing! They are so knowledgeable (for instance, I was in the market for a particular petite syrah, and ended up in the syrah aisle...silly moi, they are made from different grapes, and lucky moi, the sales guy wandering down the aisle knew just what I was looking for...without even having to look it up on his computer! Color me impressed. I love it there. He didn't even make me feel dumb for not knowing I was in the wrong place. :)
5	Saying they have a great selection of beer, wine and liquor goes without saying. But, I like how I can usually stop any employee walking by and ask them a specific question about a wine or spirit and they know the answer. Friday night we stopped in to get a bottle of Rum and while we were standing there staring at a liquor we rarely drink a guy walked by asking if we were doing OK. We asked him about something specific and he actually knew what we were talking about! This happens more often than not, and if they don't know, they immediately find someone who does. Their customer service is top-notch.
5	Great prices! My favorite scotch was $5 less than Costco. Good selection of scotches too. Single malt & blends.Can't tell you about wine as I spent my money on... Scotch!!! (what a shock!)
5	This is a great big store with a TON of selection. If you've got the itch for craft beer they definitely have what it takes to quench your palette. Not the biggest beer selection I've ever seen, but it's close by, easy to get to, and the prices are great. I do wish they would have more stouts but they don't lose any stars for that.I have not checked out their wine selection as I'm not as big on wine, but it seems that there is a huge selection there as well.
5	Gotta love Total Wine. Great selection of wine, beer, and liquor. Whether you're looking for something high end or cheap and affordable, Total Wine is bound to leave you a satisfied customer. I also love the beers they rotate at this location - it's fun to pick a new beer and enjoy a growler at home.
1	I love Total Wine, but am disappointed by a rude employee there. John is rude to customers and other employees and he has no clue about customer service. I will not be returning to that store because of him.
2	The selection is amazing.  I was put off by the help, though.  I was looking for some ready-to-drink Southern Comfort Hurricane and asked the same person twice to see if there any in the back as the shelf was empty.  Twice she left me standing there for almost 15 minutes each time.  Then I chose something else, and they had 3 registers open with about 100 people waiting to check out.  It's Christmas time, guys.  People are stocking up for parties.  Put some damn people on the registers.  I wouldn't go back unless I needed that obscure alcohol I couldn't get somewhere else.
5	Bought a jar of blueberry moonshine!  Wow!  Apparently you're not suppose to pour it into a martini class and drink 2-3....it's 100 proof!!!
5	Don't let the big box size fool you.  Service is no-nonsense and top notch.  I stopped in for tequila.  I know little of tequila aside from you don't buy it you rent it hehe.  I asked one of the staff for their opinion and he was not afraid to recommend the one that was not as expensive as the other but fit my needs, 1800.  I hooked up with 750ml and mixers, did I mention mixers mixers mixers!  I also needed assistant locating Compari.  Voila,  the service associate had the isle and type of liquor memorized.  Don't forget the best features here price and enormous selection.
5	Total wine has such an incredible selection of anything and everything you could  need for a get together. The prices are so reasonable and the service is always amazing!
5	I'm already a huge fan of Total Wine, and this is better and even more expansive than the other location I frequent, by Arrowhead Mall. If you can't find what you're looking for, it's probably because you're in the wrong aisle. They've got almost everything I could ask for. What they don't have, they'll try to help you find, or at least let you know when they'll get it in.The store manager (Andrew) is a boss. He takes time to help customers, even though he probably has more important things to do. He has great recommendations for beer and wine as well. I don't always splurge on high-end adult beverages, but when I do, I'll do it here more often.
5	Best selection of wines, beers, and liquors out of anywhere in town. They also have the best prices! I am a huge fan of this place and hate buying liquor from anywhere else. They have a great selection, very friendly and helpful staff members, and constantly have tasting going on.If you have not been to Total Wine before you have to check them out.
5	I went in for my first time tonight because I had a gift card. Michael, an employee, saw my face and knew I was a little out of my league. He gave me an extensive tour of the store and helped me pick out a few things. THE CHOICES WERE IMPECCABLE. He also sent me home with a wine and beer book and gave me a list of classes that I could attend. I am already signed up for two! Great service, wonderful selection. I will never go anywhere else.
5	I love the beautiful melody of glass bottles clinking in a metal cart and Total Wine & More helps make that possible with their amazing deals.  Friendly knowledgeable staff.  I can't find fault in this place.  Bottoms up!
5	Total Wine.You need only say those words and the person standing in front of you can't help but smile. If they don't, I recommend finding another person to stand in front of you.Total Wine is like a candy store for adults. When I enter, I find myself repressing the need to run down the aisles screaming, hands waving in the air with joy like a child who has just entered a Toys R' Us... when that was a thing. It's beautiful, Total Wine & More. The best adult candy store I've experienced.
1	I'm not one to overindulge, but when I am desirous for an adult beverage, I want the best.  It was a gift for a colleague that led me back to the spirits purveyor, that until now, was always a pleasure to visit.Far from expert in my knowledge of Canadian whiskey, I was hoping an experienced staff member of this shop might help me select the best.  Unfortunately, the feeling I got was akin to interrupting a brain surgeon at work--although this one was operating on cardboard with a box cutter.  Brusque at Best, I was given a 3o second primer, and brushed off.  When a few minutes later I asked for a top shelf bottle from a locked case I was tersely informed he was helping another "guest".  I patiently waited.  Some time later, my lucky number was called and the agent deigned to open the case to get me selection.  My outstretched hand did not receive the bottle, rather a "I have to bring this up front for you", whereupon the agent proceeded to help another guest, despite the fact I was ready to leave.  After this lengthy interlude, I felt trapped and very frustrated that I was not afforded the sane courtesy afforded other guests.We all have bad days, but this experience at Total Wine really sucked.  Might be ok for a fast six pack or if you know precisely what you want, but heaven help you if you require any assistance.  I plan to go to costco or bevmo in the future, although both are far less conveniently located.
5	I went Christmas Eve around 2pm. The store was packed...I had to park in the restaurant parking lot next door.  They had every worker on the floor proactively asking to help& making suggestions.  It was great to feel like I got personal attention during such a busy time.
4	This is my go to liquor store and I have to say I rarely find another place with as good of prices as Total Wine. This place has a great selection of Vodka and Beer, which are really the only two things I give a shit about. I have in the past though needed to get some wine and there has got to be a better way to merchandise that stuff. Wine seems to be scattered thru out the store, which I'm sure is on purpose. Staff is always very helpful and if they don't have something they will give you options. Total Wine - 1 thing, can you stock XO Vodka again? Not sure I know why you got rid of it, but it's the best vodka out there for martinis! Cheers!!!
5	Not a fan of Big Box stores but Total Wine provided awesome service that earned my future business! Prompt greetings when you walk in the door, directed to a broad assortment of champagnes, and even opened a bottle for a taste - upon request. Moreover, they loaded all my choices into the cart. I was also pleased with the price points of their selection.  Thanks again for the great service.
