4	This is a great little gem.  They seem to care a lot about the quality of every little morsel.  Serving sizes are big, tastes great and the prices keep you going back.  They also serve breakfast all day which is a definite plus.
5	I normally wouldn't write a review on breakfast, but the owner of this place has his shit together. Can't wait to go back for lunch. Baked bacon in brown sugar and peppery goodness. Thick slices of marbled rye and farm fresh eggs.They state they try not to go too far for fresh ingredients. That's some pretty good farm to table eats. I liked the photos and quotes on the wall, but the place could use a little warmth for atmosphere. It reminded me of my grade school lunchroom with painted brick walls and concrete floors. Just a suggestion. Owners warmth made up for it, anyway.
4	I finally found a spot close to work that offers some pretty decent food at a considerable value.  I got take-out from Club Sandwich today.  I received a tip from another co-worker to "call ahead" to order or I would be waiting my whole lunch break for my lunch. So me and another co-worker decided to call and place our order for pickup.  When I got there our orders were mostly done.  They have weekly specials, todays was order any original sandwich and get a cup of soup for free.  They had other daily specials advertised in the restaurant but not on their website.  I opted to get an Original Sangwich Bavarian Style.  They offer your choice of grilled local steak or free-ranged chicken, and the Bavarian comes with onions, pickles, swiss cheese and black forest mustard on a ciabatta bread.  They advertise that they also have lettuce and tomato on them but there was none on mine.  I am not sure if I had to ask for this but seems as though they forgot.  They also ran out of their soup of the day, beef tortellini, so I went with the Texas Chicken Chili.  The meal was only $6.25 plus tax.  Not a bad deal for a home style lunch.  The sandwich was pretty tasty, just a little too much bread to steak ratio, but flavors were savory .  The soup strangely appeared to have no chicken.  In fact I proposed the opinion of my co-worker to identify the meat.  Indeed we agreed beef.  Good thing I like beef,  but not sure why they would call it chicken chili.  The chili had a lot of beans and tomatoes in it.  Not spicy, but a good flavor, yet a little oily.  All considered this is definitely a worthy choice for lunch.
4	This is a great little breakfast-lunch deli located right in the heart of Sharpsburg. While it doesn't look like much from the outside, the food is just heavenly.  The grilled chicken salad is delicious and not loaded with greasy fries and heavy cheese, like at many other lunch spots in the Burgh. Just make sure you call ahead to order. If you don't, you could very well be standing around waiting for your order for the better part of a half hour. Oh, and try the homemade potato chips!
5	Just had the butternut squash soup yesterday for lunch and it was delicious, not at all too sweet.  If you end up going to Club Sandwich, be sure to ask about the daily specials before you decide on something from the normal menu.  The specials are surprisingly current and interesting dishes, which isn't something I would expect to find in Sharpsburg.
