5	The best NY style pizza I've had in NC!  It may seem a little pricey in comparison with Domino's or other pizza chains but you get what you pay for.  Delivery is fast and non-pizza items are good as well.
4	Take out - No dine in - Friendly staff - Very good Pizza, better than most!  Fast, fast, fast service, great quality, great taste!  Ate here (in there parking lot) Sunday night!I'm almost sure the Cheese they use is 100% Mozzarella (instead of a blend) I am a Fan of this Pizza with EASE!  If they were located closer to me I would be getting more Pizza from them vs Fuel!
4	These guys definitely know how to make a good pizza. The crust is the perfect blend of chewy with a hint of crunch, totally foldable and delicious! Not only do the make a good pie, they do it quickly, even when it's busy, and get it to your door still hot and tasty. They've officially made it into my phone contact list!
2	This pizza is mediocre at best. Not really a NY style pizza - the crust is soggy, they finely chop the toppings - definitley not worth getting excited over.
4	First time trying NY Pizza Express tonight, and I am very glad I did! Found a menu online to have a look at prices, very reasonable, actually I was surprised at how cheap they were. We order 2 large pies, one just mozz, the other sausage & bacon, for delivery on a Saturday evening. They gave us a 30-40 min time estimate, and were in my driveway no more than 20 minutes later! Good friendly service both on the phone, and from the delivery driver. Pizza was great, nice slightly chewy crust, thin, but  not too thin. Good amount of sauce, and cheese tasted very fresh! It was really good. Super happy to have tried this place, now I just need to try their subs, calzones, and everything else! Thanks NY Pizza Express!
5	some of the best pizza we have had since moving to the area. very very good!! highly recommend.
4	I was disappointed that they don't have an online menu.  Of course, after i had placed my order, I did some digging and found one on www.urbanspoon.com I got delivery-  they dont do individual slices, so I got the pepperoni mini pizza (8in.) and small side salad.  That wasn't even enough to fulfill the $10 minimum!  $6 Say whaaaa?  So I added breadsticks to make the order $12 including tax.  Perfect portion for one person, slightly greasy, but it's pizza, people!  The breadsticks had this addictive garlic/Parmesan butter mixture that I kept licking off the wax paper (hey! judgement-free zone here!) and the marinara was thick and not too sweet.  Luckily they delivered to my hotel relatively quickly- I felt like I was withering away in my (100 count sheets, I swear!) hotel bed with visions of mocking, dancing pepperoni swirling in my head...  I would recommend NY Pizza Express for a quick cheap bite.  Next time I will try the calzone.
4	My family actually prefers this place to other pizza places in the area - or did before they stopped serving the onion rings! This place had some of the best onion rings, but mysteriously, they stopped serving them! The pizza here is a lot like NJ/NY pizza. Cheesy with a crisp/bendy crust. The pizza really is very good. The mozzarella sticks are great also. Please bring back the onion rings guys!! The meatball and chicken parm. sandwiches are VERY good. Great bread too.( the meatball sub could use a few more meatballs but is still delicious)We still love ya and will order from you often!
4	They do take out and delivery! The pizza is tastier than most delivery places. The 10" is a good size for an individual pizza. The staff was a lot of fun to chat with and answered any questions we had. We will definitely be getting food from them again.
2	I wasted nearly twenty bucks on the driest and most boring white pizza ever! The whole dinner was nothing but a downer. Plus the sample we got was way undercooked, after eating the first slice we decided to bake it for another five minutes.Once reheated the crust wasn't bad, not soggy or cardboard like but way thick for an alleged NY pizza. The topping unfortunately didn't get any worse or better for it, it was as solid as it was bland.The only reason I'm giving it two stars rather than just one is that I suspect their plain pizza is better than average for this forsaken area. You've been warned: in Matthews-Stallings 5 stars amounts to just average out on in the modern world, and 4 stars here translates to "it's pretty much crap but we have no better" .
5	Best pizza I have ever had.
4	Great place! Good pizza that tastes great and is very authentic! We had a mushroom and sausage and we were very impressed. You won't be disappointed!
4	Very good pizza!  This is usually our "go to" for pizza when the kids aren't around (they prefer Pizza hut) .  Pretty authentic NY Style pizza although a little bit on the pricey side.
4	Very good classic New York pizza. I would highly recommend it. If you want to get the best pizza possible make sure you order light sauce. They tend to over do the sauce sometimes but overall great pizza place.
