4	I believe this location is fairly new as some of the surrounding area is still dirt lot and not all of the other shops are rented out yet. However, it doesn't take away from the convenience and value here. We don't have a Fry's in Hawaii but I'm familiar with the grocery chain. However, because this is a "Marketplace" they offer a bunch of stuff here, not just grocery. I was shocked to find all the same name brand baby items (diapers, food etc) CHEAPER than both Wal-mart and Target!  They sell camping equipment, garden supplies, and everything you'd probably find at Wal-Mart/Target and it's competitively priced.  They also have a gas station and a Starbucks inside as well.According to my in-laws, you get points or discounts off gas if you're a card memeber so, if you live in this area, you'd better sign up! My recap:Pros:-Has everything and the kitchen sink if you asked them.-Competitve prices, you don't need to drive the extra 5 miles to Walmart to save on diapers-Clean and organized store, it's new!-Very convenient, in and out. Cons:Nothing, unless this particular Fry's is far from your home. =)
5	We have been shopping here since we moved here, and haven't changed! Yes we have tried the local Albertson, and Safeway. But Fry's seems to have lower prices and it's very convenient for us. Just right down the street from us, and it has almost everything we need including fuel for our vehicles. When my mother comes down to visit us, this is the first place she wants to go. She just loves this place!
2	Overall the store is not bad. They have a great selection being a Marketplace, but the customer service leaves something to be desired. With the exception of the greeters at the door, I have never been able to get a single employee to assist me with anything. The staff in the evenings on week nights is HORRIBLE. Very rude. I must say they do have the best prices and it is very convenient to where we live. If I have a big trip though I might just be willing to pay a couple more cents and get great customer service at Safeway just up the road.
2	I would definitely recommend going to the waddell/litchfield location. This location always seems to be a little dirty and disorganized.
2	Don't live in the direct area, but occasionally work down the street at the car dealers. Needed a quick bite to eat... thought about stopping at the deli to get a sandwich. Big mistake. I have good memories, but been a while since I have tried a grocery store sandwich .. this one was bad. I could have had better with the pre-packed versions at the quickie mart.
4	This is MY Fry's!  I love this place.  It's almost exactly one mile from my house, well stocked, clean, friendly, and I can get in and out fast when time is short. I also have found some great deals on household items on the marketplace side. The fact that I end up with weekly discounts (usually .10 cents) on gas is just the cherry on top.
4	Lots of choice, plenty of parking, no queues, clean, bright and generally great. Minor gripe is that when I couldn't find something, it wasn't easy to differentiate between staff and customers. Some staff just seemed to have on their weekend clothes! Thank goodness for name tags......
1	After nearly a year shopping here, I can honestly say that this store sucks and I don't intend to go back. The store is great looking on the outside and inside, but when you actually start looking at small details, the store's true colors emerge.1.  The produce is consistently bad, either going rotten soon after purchase or already being rotten. I consume a large quantity of the pre-packaged vegetable platters and I constantly find rotten veggies. Don't ever purchase blueberries without carefully inspecting for mold on the bottom of the container. 2.  A large percentage of the items that we buy expire soon after purchase. One must be careful with the eggs - they are often times still on the shelf weeks after expiration. Just  tonight, I grabbed 2 containers of eggs and didn't check the date.  One expired in 3 days and the other expired on December 13th. Today is the 25th! 12 days past it's sell by date and still on the shelf... Next time you see the yellow, value  deals for "4 for $5" or "buy 2, get 1 free", check the expiration date. Fry's seems to always be right there next to the expiration date on many items.3.  Speaking of eggs, we normally buy the jumbo eggs that are $2.09 as opposed to the almost identically-sized extra-large eggs that are $.20 more. We bought fresh eggs a few weeks ago and did a size by size comparison between the new and the old. Our new eggs were substantially larger than the identically-branded eggs we had bought  earlier. I understand some variance in egg sizes but  the eggs we had bought earlier were really small. We now compare all eggs with the next size down/up before we purchase.Honestly, I don't know why I even bother shopping here. I'm AD military so I can get better quality produce on base at a better price. Fry's is convenient  because we live right down the road, but we're moving in a few months and I don't ever plan on going back.
4	Gas 343 reg unleaded without vip. I like this store everyone is friendly so far.
4	Fry's has improved a lot since my initial review. Prices are still expensive but I haven't had any other issues.
1	Don't go within an hour of closing, if at all!  They start turning off the lights, blocking off aisles to restock, locking doors, and their remaining staff put on earbuds and turn away when you approach to ask a question!!   We couldn't find a few items, but we couldn't get ONE employee that would help us, more than one saw us approach and turned away!  Fry's is our closest grocery store and we HAD been faithful customers, but a brand new walmart is a quarter mile away, and two other grocery stores are within a half mile.  We are going to give the other stores a try before we step foot into Fry's again, if we do!!  Fry's apparently is more interested in getting their staff out early than in customer service.  WHAT EVER HAPPENED TO STOCKING AFTER A STORE IS CLOSED!!
1	Pharmacy refill ordering  system not to industry standards . Customers are made to think that medication is ready for pick up but actually they haven't been done yet . Strongly suggest that if you have important medication to take to constantly follow up and not rely on automated system alerts. The Pharm Techs don't care  if they get filled or not.  They are not the one who are ill.  Lacking human understanding  and rude customer service.My medication took 2 weeks to get refilled . Same exact experience for same medication last year. Transferred prescription to newly opened CVS  across ...got it in less that 24 hours !!!!
4	I drive out of my way to go to this Fry's. I love the customer service, the produce and meat is always fresh and they have very helpful and friendly employees.
4	Go here for everything we need.  It's clean, well stocked and the employees are nice.  The deli is amazing!  Prices are right there with the other places....but I love the fuel discounts and I can't pass them up.   Love the bakery!
