3	Essentially an Old Man's Bar with a pretty limited selection of draught ales and sprits this is in no way any reflection on the atmosphere of the place or the service provided. Karaoke forms a popular part of the weekend goings on here and during the Fringe the function suite is utilised as a venue for PBH's Free Fringe for comedy performances so the crowd in what is not a particularly large space can swell to very intimate numbers. At other times though it's a quiet refuge from the hustle of the day and The Royal Mile, where one can escape into a pint and the paper.
4	Stinks of piss and has various petty criminals loitering around outside.Will do for me.
5	A reinvention on the scale I've never seen since the girl in Grease turned from a nice, polite respectable girl into a hideous skank in the space of five minutes, The White Horse's transformation is at once both baffling and impressive. Two weeks ago it was falling to pieces, filled with some of the most yellow-eyed alcoholics you could ever expect to meet, until it was refurbished as equal part old man boozer and equal part style bar in just the right way to make it more modern without quite losing all it's rough and ready character.We'll wait and see what crowd it brings in, but whoever it is it's an interesting development for the Royal Mile.
4	The White Horse had an air of ambiguity about it when I strolled on by last week. It was a sunny day, the windows were open and it was looking like a strange, alluring cross between a comfy watering hole and a style bar.How interesting it is to read Gavin's review on the place! Seems like it's had a bit of a My Fair Lady makeover. Eliza has been taken off the grotty street and is now fit for Ascot. Well, not quite, but it certainly looks fairly posh.They had a nice variety of wines and beers when I stopped by for a very quick one, and from what I could see the decor was nice and uncluttered - fresh compared to the stuffy traditional pubs occupying this area.I don't remember seeing this pub before, but perhaps it blended into the background. Although it seems like its new identity is only just taking off, it'll be interesting to see what this pub has to offer in the future. Watch this space!
3	I never experienced the White Horse Bar when it was apparently some hive of scum and villainy. When I visited it was perfectly pleasant.Just off of the Royal Mile this wee pub is quite easy to miss. But it might just be worth a visit. The White Horse Bar didn't seem quite a touristy as all the rest. This might just be the most traditional of all the "traditional" pubs along the high street, in that it feels more natural and isn't straining itself to give off a particular image. It is definitely less touristy, and it's also quite a bit smaller than the other nearby pubs. It is perhaps a touch small but this can make it feel quite cosy at times. This pub, I expect, still attracts more locals and regulars, but when I went in they were reasonably friendly to me.A surprising pub that has apparently smartened itself up, and is all the better for it.
5	The White Horse.Yaaaaaaaaay!I've just moved to Edinburgh so stumbling upon a bar/pub that actually makes me feel warm and cuddly made my day yesterday. The owner is amazing and I had a great time chatting to him and some of the regulars that popped in. I've no idea what this place looks like on a Friday, as it was nearly empty when I visited this Thursday, but I intend to find out!Great atmosphere, comfy seats, the man knows his beers (and there's no messing about with that!) and -not unimportantly- an interesting crowd!Heads up: they have a no-children/babies policy after 8-ish.I know where I'll be at this weekend.
4	The Royal Mile, particularly the Cannongate end, seems to me to be made up of Uber-Scottish pubs, or pubs with some story behind it, designed to entice in tourists.  While I am sure there are a few exceptions, the one that really stands out to me is the White Horse.  Now, it wasn't always that way... i do remember when it was a full on dive of a bar, but it has undergone the radical transformation (but bravely kept the same name) into a very clean and inviting pub, with a modern but traditional feel.  Its not huge, but they have a decent amount of seating, a decent selection of drinks, a cosy atmosphere and is ideal for a quiet drink and once inside, you can easily forget that you are on the Royal Mile!
4	great BLT and veg soup, very friendly staff ( Sarah), unique history and very at home feeling..will be back
5	a fun, super relaxed bar with friendly people!  great vibe, comfortable chairs, and not too loud.
4	Dropped in here with my wife and toddler on a busy Saturday afternoon. The back room was cozy and they had great comfort food with very friendly staff. As others have noted, it didn't seem like a big tourist spot, which we liked. Decent selection of beers and whiskies as well. If I came back to Edinburgh and was looking for a cozy pub on the Royal Mile, I would seek this place out again.
4	Delicious - very friendly staff and a hole in the wall not filled with very many tourists. In the front you see a usual small cafe, but walk to the back and you see a beautiful, intimate, romantic room for other diners. Twinkling lights on the ceiling, lots of pillows, very comfy looking. I had the moussaka and my friend had a tomato soup and pasta. All were delicious and decently priced.
2	Nice bar, cheap beer but probably the worst stovies I even had ... Dont get near the food!
