5	I first meet the owner of Strut, Ann at one of those cheesy Bridal fairs at Glendale stadium. She was super nice and I liked that 50% of her dresses are under $700. I decided to round up my posse (my mom, sister and grandma) and head over to Strut to try on some dresses. I was so happy to see the large selection of dresses available for curvier girls. Ann was extremely patient with me and my group. I really liked that I never felt pressured to buy a dress I didn't love. At chain bridal stores like Davids you feel like they just want to meet a sales goal. I didn't feel this way at all at Strut. Ann would listen to what I liked or disliked about a dress and would offer suggestions about what style would flatter my body. I found a dress that I really love and will be excited to wear. For any curvy girl who is getting frustrated with their wedding dress search I would tell them to go to Strut for the great service and excellent selection.
5	If you are size 12+ and on the search for the prefect wedding gown.... STRUT is your place!  I had visited a few salons prior to the Phoenix Bridal show where I visited the Strut booth... made an appointment the next week and never visited another salon!   I knew I would find my perfect dress there and I did!  I actually had several favorites!   The gowns are beautiful and the prices are perfect!   Ann the owner is wonderful!  No pressure...she makes you feel completely at home and is so easy going!  I was able to take photos so I could go home and make a final decision.   I loved that I was able to try on several dresses and did not have to squeeze into a too small dress or hold it in front of me in the mirror..... that is not fun dress shopping!  You plus size ladies know what I mean!   Strut also carries veils, tiaras and other accessories at great prices! \MAKE AN APPOINTMENT to visit Strut!  TRUST ME!
5	I was so excited to find this store and made an appointment today.Tried on tons of dresses that fit.  I still have no direction on where I want to go for on my perfect dress (its for my 20th anniversary vow renewal) but Ann assured me this is normal, so now I don't feel like all hope is lost.  She is aware I will be making multiple trips.  I am glad I can try on any dress I want, and it was a great experience.Can't wait until I finally pick a dress...  it will certainly be from here. Ronney Kendall
5	Ann is amazing and wonderful and I feel so grateful to have found her and Strut! I am waiting for my dress to come in (should be this week- eek!) and am so excited! Ann made the experience fun and I found a dress I love that I never thought I would find.In contrast David's bridal called me to cancel the appointment I had set with them weeks earlier then told me I would need to call back in 2 weeks to reschedule- wth? Yeah, luckily I had already been to Strut so I could happily tell them where to shove it.Ann's is a blessing to Phoenix and I do not use that word lightly. I follow her on FB and she is dedicated to giving back having just participated in a clothing drive for those plus size girls who need appropriate outfits for interviews through a charity and this month she is going green!I can't say enough great stuff and want to thank Ann for all she does for "us girls" (you know who you are) :)
5	Finding Strut took all the stress out of wedding dress shopping with my daughter. In fact, it was really, really fun!  Ann has a huge selection and is as helpful and supportive as a person can be.  She encouraged my daughter to try on lots of different dresses, evaluate the styles that flattered her, and pick a dress that was totally perfect for her.  She also recommended a wonderful seamstress to do alterations.The whole experience was a pleasure, and I highly recommend making Strut your first stop.
5	Anne and Strut are AMAZING!  This was my second wedding and I had bought my first dress from Davids and had the typical cattle call experience.  And being a curvy bride thought I had no options.  I went to Azteca first and was stuffed into things that didn't fit and was crying with my sister thinking I was going to have to settle again.  My mom was adamant I was not going to settle and made me an appointment with Anne and Strut.I am so grateful.  I was afraid with a speciality shop would come extreme prices, but my amazing dress was actually less than at those main stream stores!  And I was the first bride in AZ to wear it.  I would recommend her to anyone, she made you feel like you were the only bride and not just a number and knew what would work best on you!Thanks so much Ann!
5	I love love LOVE this place and would give it more than 5 stars if I could. As a plus size bride I find it appalling that the bridal industry in general apparently thinks that fat girls don't get married because finding a dress in any size over 14 and especially over 18-20 is SO HARD. So I'm so glad that Strut is around if only to represent us curvy girls!I actually live in CA and flew into AZ in order to come to this store. It is literally the only bridal salon in the SouthWest that caters to plus size brides, but luckily it's also a really awesome place. Stephanie helped me and even though my budget was really small and I was short on time so I had to get one the day of my appointment, she didn't make me feel rushed or like I didn't still deserve a beautiful dress. I tried on about 6-7 dresses and Stephanie helped me pick them out and really listened to what I wanted. I had some amazing options and ended up with the 2nd one that I tried on, a beautiful Marylin Monroe-esqe dress that suits me perfectly and within my budget. With any luck, I won't have cause to go to another bridal salon in my life but I hope that Strut is so successful that they are able to branch out in to more areas so that plus size brides everywhere have a place that understands the need for sizes larger than 2-10 and have the experience that I did. Thank you Strut!!
5	Ditto what everyone else said!  Ann is an amazing business owner who really 'gets' her business.  It is clear she has passion for what she does!!  Ann is easy to contact via email and responds within hours which is awesome for brides with a day job :)  I originally had an appointment in the late afternoon with my mom.  Unfortunately something at work came up last minute and I needed to be available in the middle of the appt.  I emailed Ann and she was able to move up my appointment an hour so we would have plenty of time to try on gowns.  ++ for flexibility!  The salon itself is beautiful.  Hip colors and sparkling clean, rest room was also awesome with necessities available if you need them.  Plenty of seating for your entourage. HUGE mirrors for viewing the gown once you have it on.The selection is awesome, obviously if you are shopping in Strut as a plus size bride you know the headaches involved with trying on the samples in most wedding stores.  Strut has a huge selection of various styles while will allow you to narrow down your options.  Ann is super knowledgeable in pinning gowns to highlight how they will fit in your size and is able to discuss alternations to make the gown perfect for you.  She also had the catalogs available to show you what the gown was intended to look like in your size (if you are not aware... sometimes the gowns pinned in the back hit you off in the front) On a side note, there is a wide selection of bridesmaid dresses at Strut.  Good to know if you are looking for a formal gown.  Strut is also is a great location off of the I-10 on a busy corner.  There is plenty of parking in the back of the store and there are multiple lunch spots within walking distance....this is a perfect spot to hit around meal time if you are on a wedding planning adventure like we were.  I highly recommend Strut!!
5	I had a truly wonderful experience at Strut! Jill was my stylist, and she was fun, laid back and helped me find the perfect dress. No only did Jill (and Ann) make me feel like a million bucks, but my dress was also affordable! I felt welcomed and embraced as a same-sex bride, and I could not have asked for a better experience. Way to go, Strut! You guys rock! And go big girls!
5	picked a dress.  ANN... YOU ARE AMAZING!!!thanks for being awesome!  the patience of a saint.  Seriously, if you a curvy girl, and you do not visit here, you are doing yourself a diservice.  AND... if you think their prices are out of range, they are NOT...  They are right on par with Davids Bridal, but are much better quality AND much more original gowns/dresses.  I am so thankful to have found this place.
5	Look, if you're a plus size bride or looking for a bridesmaid, cocktail, cruise, formal, prom, etc. dress, this is your shop! The dresses are fun, well made, and true-to-size. Gotta love a shop that caters to us curvy women without charging us an arm and leg because of it. The prices are so amazingly reasonable it's crazy. My friend Shauna was able to find her gown for under 1100 and with all the detailing on it, it would have been $4000 anywhere else. Trust me, we've looked. The employees are very nice and totally make you feel comfortable. The bridesmaids dresses that my sister and I tried on were not only reasonably priced, but fun and different than the ones you can find anywhere else. I would say that the only suggestions I would make would be to put foundations in assorted sizes in each of the fitting rooms for brides to use under their gowns. Water bottles to the brides would be great, also little fans in the fitting rooms would be nice as the A/C wasn't very cool and trying on that much tulle and taffeta can make a girl get a little warm. Love the vibe of the older building. The design of the shop is great. Do not hesitate to shop at Strut, you will not be disappointed.
5	Curvy girls unite and rejoice!This place is spectacular. Everything about it is comforting, welcoming, hip, stylish, and so much more. The staff and owner are top notch and make you feel so comfortable and at ease while shopping for a girls most important piece of clothing in her life! First of all, i called VERY last minute to see about an appointment. They were able to fit me in very soon. ++ for that. When I arrived, they made me and my MOH feel very welcome and asked questions about what I was looking for, and what price range I wanted to be in. This made me feel at ease because the last place I went didn't bother to ask how much, or little, I wanted to spend on a dress. I described the dress I was envisioning and off they went. 5 minutes later (or less??) they swooped me into the dressing room to try on 4 dresses. There was one gown in there that I hadn't described, and it was so unique looking that I got anxious when it was finally time to try it on. It wasn't like anything I had described...they had chosen this piece all on their own. I put on the dress and had my moment and without hesitation, said yes to that dress! The one I had no hand in picking. It was, and still is, a great feeling to know how well they picked up on me as a bride to be able to find a dress that perfect! I'm so glad Ann and Stephanie were there to assist me on my dress journey, especially after some not-so-great run ins with other bridal stores. If you are size 12 +, do yourself a favor and try this place. If you don't feel like a true "plus size" girl (just like me), set aside your phobia of the dress size and go to find a dress that you will love more than ever. You deserve to feel, and look, great on your special day. I know i will.Good luck!
5	I'm speechless. I'm was 72 hours away from my day (12/12/12) with no dress. I used Yelp out of desperation not really thinking I would find anything helpful. But there it was Strut and Ann I couldn't have had a better experience. I tried on four dresses but truely fell in love with the second right off the bat. She had everything I needed to transform myself to a bride. If you are a 12 or a 22 this is the place to make it all possible and not cripple your budget. Thank you Ann you really made this whole thing real for me. My day wouldn't be the same without you.
5	I was really torn between 2 dresses, one from Strut and the other from David's Bridal.  I was leaning more towards David Bridal because of the price but after MULTIPLE visits to try my dress on (with patient and excited Pam & Ann to help) I finally settled on the 1st dress I tried on.... Still love my dress and then shopping experience I had.
5	Strut Bridal you are so incredibly amazing!!!!!! Why on earth are there not more bridal shops like this one!My shopping experience began when i came for a surprise visit over thanksgiving i surprised my family just a month after getting engaged and came home for the holidays. of corse being newly engaged the women in family wanted to take me dress shopping i was all for it, i have been watching say yes to the dress for years, i hoped for that amazing dress moment, i was eger to shop so we went and what i found was a giant disappointment. What i found was that a size 18 girl doesnt easily fit into sample size dresses at normal bridal shops. ( which i find crazy that a sample size is like a 6 and the average women in america is a size 14) i was squeezed and tugged and pushed into countless dresses being told to suck it in and just imagine the shape of it when its in your size.. clearly i didnt have that awesome dress moment. what i got was alot of disapointment, by that end of that day i was pretty much in tears and ready to walk down the isle in my jeans! Thankfully my family found STRUT! so we went the next day i came in and was greated everyone was friendly. The women who did my appointment was jillian, she was a delight! she was friendly and encouraging and honest and i loved the expeirence. she walked me around the shop and asked me questions about my style and my opinions what i like and disliked. i picked a couple dresses and she picked a few and we began to try them on. much to my delight every dress i tried on fit or had to be pinned smaller, there and tons of dresses. the first i tried on i came out to show my family and everyone was in tears, its stunning and i LOVE my dress!!!!! it was only 1300 not bad for the crazy amountsof bling i have. i tried on a few more to make sure but that dress was the one! overall i was taken care of they were friendly great prices. they let us bring campagne in which was great. Any curvy girls who are having the same troubles i was i HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend Strut!!!!:)
5	I am getting married in 22 days and I am so proud to be a STRUT bride! Anne, the owner, is AMAZING. she is a god send for plus size brides, just for creating a shop like this! The consultants are also awesome! they dont't treat you like your a plus bride, they treat you like a normal human being, which is what every size bride deserves. Anne is almost like a fairy god mother. you could go shopping a lot with out anyone and she will make you feel so special. she really devotes time to each of her brides. If you are a plus size bride getting married you have to go in, it will change you life!!!Thanks ANNE!!!!
5	I've been meaning to write this review for months. I got married November 2012, and had put off dress shopping till July... I just was not looking forward to it. I read review after review of wedding dress shops and kept hearing horror stories from plus size brides in the way they were treated or the limited selection. I didn't know what to do until I stumbled across this article online about plus size bridal salons- who knew?! And I found one three hours away in Phoenix, where coincidently my MOH lives. Score! I was still super nervous and convinced I'd find nothing and was running out of time. Well it was SUCH a great experience thanks to Stephanie. She made me feel at ease, helped me pick a style (I had no idea), and as a bonus figured out how to get me a dress way below my budget that would arrive in plenty of time for alterations. The weight that came off from my shoulders when I left there almost reduced me to tears (happy ones). I feel like I got that wedding dress shopping experience that you always imagine and wish for. Pros: nice selection of dresses and prices, intimate shop, great serviceCons: Unless you live in Phoenix it's not close by
5	Choosing a wedding dress was the part of wedding planning I dreaded the most, but by the time I left Strut it was the best part! The consultants were all very nice and made me feel so comfortable and welcome. My consultant picked beautiful dresses for me to try and helped me narrow down which one was the most flattering for me. They shipped the dress and veil to me in Utah and it arrived safely and quickly. Although I bought the 2nd dress that I tried on at Strut, we decided to go look at David's Bridal anyway. What a difference! I felt overwhelmed as soon as I entered DB, and the consultant we had an appointment with disappeared frequently and was tending to 4 or more other clients at the same time. I'm so happy we went to Strut first. The experience was personal and relaxed and I did not feel rushed. It is a nice small store but has a great variety of dresses to try. I strongly recommend looking for your dress at Strut!
5	Plus size or not, Strut is the place to go for AMAZING customer service and dress variety. Ann, the owner, was my consultant and she was the most hospitable and knowledgeable person I dealt with all day while dress shopping in Phoenix. Every dress she pulled for me was exactly what I was looking for, making the decision kind of difficult because all the dresses were GORGEOUS and exactly what I was looking for.She had a little chat with me every time I tried on a dress about what I liked and didn't like and what to tell my group waiting to see the dress on me. I went to a few other places after I found the dress I wanted (I already had made other appointments). I came running back after seeing other boutiques and idiotic consultants. One consultant literally would throw me the dresses to get in myself with no help at all!Save yourself the trouble of boutique hopping and stick with Strut. My mom even tells everyone that asks about the dress experience more about how hospitable Ann was than the dress itself!
1	First let me start by saying that I rarely complain or request money back, however this is a time that I felt it was appropriate and needed.  Lesson learned is that Strut and staff will say anything to sell a dress! I got engaged February of 2013 and we set a wedding date for late June 2013.  I am 6'0 and about a size 16 (I can flux depending on the style between a 14 and an 18).  I have previously been married and my first wedding dress needed NO ALTERATIONS.  As a high school student, I wore a 14 and modeled in bridal shows for local shops because they didn't have to alter their dresses to fit me.  I am tall but extremely proportionate, so I rarely need more than a hem dropped in pants, skirts or dresses. I made an appointment and brought seven friends with me. I met with Jill; not the owner Ann.  I found a dress that I liked but it was HUGE!  It stayed on with four clamps.  It was big and over my budget (about $1250.00) but it was available for purchase that day.  Allure Bridal 8809.  I later found the dress online for a fourth of my purchase price!  Jill repeatedly advised me that a seamstress could take in any dress that was four sizes too big.  I should have thought it out, this dress was way more than four sizes too big.  I asked several times, are you sure this dress can be taken in?  I was repeatedly told that it would not be a problem.  I was actually given two recommendations for tailors.  I believed her; though I had a weird feeling about it (you know the weird feeling Oprah tells you to pay attention to) but I knew I did not have time to order a dress.  I then went to pay for the dress and my debit card declined.  I thought this was weird and asked her to run it again.  It declined again.   My friend then charged it to her Am Ex no problem.  I checked my bank account the next day, the dress had actually been charged to my checking account twice putting a hold on my account.  GREAT all that money locked up!  But that was just the start of the problem.About two weeks after my purchase, I called and made an appointment with tailor Jenny Barnes (a Strut recommendation).  Mid-May I went to Jenny.  I put the dress on or at least held it to my body.  Jenny looked at me and said, "Who sold you this dress?"  I said I went to Strut, she said was it Ann?  I said no.  She said the dress was entirely too big and it never should have been sold to me.  Jenny said this to me on my first visit, to my mother on our second alterations appointment , again to me on the third alterations appointment and again to my friend who attended, YES, the fourth alteration appointment. It took Jenny four appointments and cost me $530.00 in alterations and I didn't even have a bustle put in.  Jenny did everything she could, but ultimately she couldn't size it completely because the dress would have lost its shape. I called Strut because I felt they should pay for the alterations.  I spoke with Ann who was initially gracious about the issue.  She told me she would contact Jenny, discuss the matter and call me back.I then talked to Jenny who told me that Ann had threatened her and refused to send her any more business.   Jenny has been in busy for 20 plus years, she formally worked for Neiman Marcus.  She has a phenomenal reputation on Yelp.  My wedding came and went... Jenny did what she could but the cup size was so big in the dress that I had to put four, yes four, athletics socks in the bust area.   I gave Ann some additional time to call me back.   NO PHONE CALL.I called today and Ann put the blame on Jenny and myself.  She said I had lost weight and that's why the dress was so big (I lost maybe 5 lbs and that doesn't show on my 6'0 frame).   She told me that if I was unhappy with Jenny, I should have gone to another tailor.  That Jenny told her that I wanted the dress to be tighter than Jenny could make it (are you kidding me, I had my friend pulling up the neckline before I walked down the aisle so the dress wouldn't slip down).   In other words she took absolutely no responsibility.  STRUT WILL DO ANYTHING TO SELL A DRESS! I am a proud supporter of local businesses - BUT NOT THIS ONE.  I expect professional, courtesy from a local business (I mean this isn't trashy David's Bridal).  If Ann had followed up with me and explained the situation or offered to contribute to the cost of the alterations, or offered a veil or other service I would not be writing this complaint.  DO NOT TRUST THEM, THEY WILL TELL YOU ANYTHING TO SELL A DRESS!
5	I went to Strut during their 1 day a year sale and I couldn't have been any happier. I was greeted by Ann who asked me a few questions on my style and the look I was going for. Luckily my Maid of Honor was with me because I have NO CLUE when it comes to clothes terminology. Haha. I'm a goodwill kind of girl, jeans and tees.  Ann made me feel very comfortable and I did not feel judged. Being a bigger girl I am always self conscious about my body, but Ann made me feel so relaxed I had no problem undressing to my undergarments so that she could assist me with putting on the dresses she picked out for me. The very first dress she put on me was PERFECT!  I could not believe it and I felt like a princess :) I can not wait for my wedding day and to see the look on my Fiancees face. Haha. Thank you Ann! My experience was amazing.
5	I absolutely LOVE Strut. Every single plus sized bride I meet I refer to this bridal salon! I will start by saying Ann the owner is amazing! She has a great eye and can pick things that look amazing on your body, even when it's not something you would think you'd like. Trust her, and try on the dress! I visited Strut 3 times while shopping for my wedding dress. The first time I was alone, the second time I brought my maid of honor who was in town visiting, and the third time I went back for their sample sale alone and bought my dress. There is absolutely no pressure to buy, Ann and her staff are extremely accommodating and helpful. They really do add to the experience. And as a plus sized bride it is just so amazing to have a place you can go and try on almost every sample gown! I ended up purchasing during the sample sale from Gigi (so awesome because that's my name TOO!) who was so fun and supportive! It was almost like having my mom there with me, which meant a lot! Overall I had an outstanding experience with Strut, found them to have a wide variety of dresses and sizes, and a totally affordable price range (all dresses I saw were under $2,000). If you are a bride size 12+ this place is NOT to be missed! Worth a trip from out of state to be able to try on your dress and find your perfect match!
5	So I went in here today after the last "bridal salon" I went to was a complete and utter disaster. I normally wear a size 12 to 14 in "street wear" and don't have any problem buying clothes at normal stores, so I don't even consider myself plus sized. However, after the last place literally brought me to a panic, I bit the bullet and called Strut. Ann, the owner, was able to get me in last minute.  She was incredibly warm, asked me about which gowns i liked, and even pulled a few that I wouldn't have otherwise tried on. Guess what I fell in love! And with a dress I wouldn't have thought of. Who knew I had a waist? Ann did!  She was great, incredibly friendly and most of all, warm. She made me feel like a bride. I would definitely recommend this salon to anyone who has had a similar experience. I definitely felt no pressure to buy, but I just knew that dress was the one. Thanks Ann!
4	I really worried about dress shopping and not being able to fit sample dresses in regular dress boutiques. I had a wonderful experience here! Stephanie was my consultant and she was great! She was personable, helpful and made me feel SO at ease. I was the first appointment of the day which I think was helpful because I basically had the shop to myself. This was my first true dress shopping experience so I had quite a few people with me and they were more than accommodating. I would say that my only con is that I am a size 12, 14ish in bridal dresses and the majority of the dresses in the store were far beyond my size so it made it difficult to fully picture how the correct sized dress would fit. But Stephanie did a great job clipping and holding it in to give me the best idea she could of what it would look like. I did not end up purchasing my dress from here so I can not vouch on how the buying/ordering process is. I highly recommend this place!
5	Ladies look no further or if you have to keep the best for last :) I went on the search for a wedding dress & on a very short time frame & very small budget i found dresses at other places that would do & someone told me about strut & I'm so happy they did !!! I made an appointment & brought a girlfriend to go with me I tried on maybe 4/5 dresses & Bam that was it the dress that every girl dreams about that makes her feel beautiful & looks like a princess . Where else can a curvy girl go that has multiple things to try on & feel great. A special thanks to Ann she is wonderful she made it possible for me to have my dream dress & make my day perfect :)
5	Ann and Gigi were amazing!  After having an awful experience at another bridal store and feeling defeated because they had very few samples that I could actually try, my bridesmaid got on the phone with Ann and said for us to come on over, she would squeeze us in.  Completely different experience at Strut.  There was a great selection in sizes I could actually try on.  I told Gigi what I was looking for and she hit it on the nail with the first dress.  I did try on other dresses but I did choose the first one.  It was an amazing experience, just like I always thought it would be.   They are wonderful to work with and I highly recommend this shop!
5	so I came into Strut last night... not really expecting nothing more than what I've dealt with amongst other bridal shops. Man!!! was I shocked... I'm a pretty simple girl in taste, but I'll be lying if I said that I wanted my dress to more than simple....it's my wedding day. I want a fabulous gown. But I say simple to keep me in a simple budget. My wedding is out of town... like 1500 miles away, and we just bought a house.. so my funds for a dress, was severely limited. Also my body type... I'm a curvy woman. I love my curves and wouldn't trade them in for nothing. But at most typical bridal shops, curvy dresses are either really ugly with an ugly price. So I gave up looking until i found Strut. As simple as 1-2-3... I found MY dress, in MY Budget, and MY body looked great in it. Stephanie walked me through the store. It was already late, and I was tired. The last thing I wanted to do was try on dresses, but she made it so enjoyable, and QUICK!! she asked me for my style and budget and stayed within those two guidelines. I tried on two dresses. The first one was cute, and well in my budget, but not for me ... the second one... was AMAZING on me. The way it fit, the price, the comfort that Steph gave me... the whole experience was GRAND. all because of the curvy plus size woman structure. In David's Bridal... their sample dress is like an 8... that's not an everyday woman. An everyday woman has curves! and she deserves to be a beautiful bride in a beautiful dress..Thankyou for celebrating my curves!~Victoria...
1	I spoke to a sales person over the phone that after hearing my initial budget told me that I was better served at David's Bridal where the cheap dress were. I mentioned that I found a dress online and wanted to see dresses like it and obtain measurements. I was informed that due to my budget take my own measurements and save the $75 dollars. Apologizing after insulting me. I asked to clarify, to set an appointment it would be $75 to walk through their door, she said yes, unless I lied and hadn't found a dress online that I liked. So, as they were the first salon I contacted in my Bridal Gown search, including online looking. I say buyer beware. I guess they screen who they help, I could have loved one of their dresses and purchased. Hope someone else has better luck, even if I wanted to spend beyond my initial budget (which most brides do) they won't see one red penny. I suggest you spend your "budget" elsewhere as well. Horrible salesmanship, degrading a bride trying to find her dress. Unspeakable. Bride in Tears, nice job Strut.
5	I highly recommend Strut! I loved every minute of my experience! Stephanie made it so easy and an absolute joy! I honesty didn't know what to expect as it was my first attempt at looking for a wedding dress and the thought of it kind of overwhelmed me. However, as soon as I walked in, I was put at ease and the fun began! There were so many options - Stephanie let me try on everything I wanted to try, but she really did great at knowing exactly what to pull for my body type and heard me when I explained the style I was going for. I also want to share that I'm getting the mother of the bride and bridesmaid's dresses here too since they are able to get them in any size (from 0 and up)! Makes my life much easier knowing we are all in good hands! P.S. The prices are AWESOME!
5	Today was my first time dress shopping and I had set an appointment at Strut. I wasn't expecting to find my dress at my first and only appointment but I did. All of the women that worked there were so incredibly helpful. They found something beautiful and within my budget! I felt so comfortable being a plus size girl knowing they specialized in plus size dresses. All around it was a great, fun experience. I couldn't be happier about my dress! I highly recommend booking an appointment here. I definitely will be going back with my bridesmaids to look for their dresses.
1	I made an appointment for Strut before I was positive about my wedding date or details. I always passed by the store and looked forward to when I was engaged so I could go there! I knew it could be this year or it could next year, but I really wanted to start trying on dresses so I could get an idea of what I wanted. I called and made my appointment and Jill was my consultant. She was not helpful and rushed me through the entire thing once she realized I didn't have the details ironed out. She said we can only do a silhouette check and the maximum amount of dresses I could try on was four. I couldn't believe it! I understand that she probably thought I wouldn't buy anything but shouldn't a consultant be nice and helpful so you come back?! It's called good customer service! I tried on a few and really liked them and then she just kept rushing me. I asked what size one of the dresses that fit me well was, I asked who designed one of the dresses I loved was and she had no answer for either of the questions and couldn't be bothered to find any of them out! I really wanted to try on one last one that I saw and she said "I think we're done, hun" in a very rude, condescending way. It's hard to explain her disposition but she is essentially really 'nice' in a passive aggressive way, she will rush you through the whole thing and won't listen to you at all.  She made my experience horrible! About a week after I tried on dresses there, I found my venue and we set a date for November 15th of this year. I went shopping at another retailer a few days ago and purchased my dream dress there! I had a wonderful experience with the consultant and it was a stark contrast to my experience at Strut. I am a plus size girl and was worried about dresses not fitting at other stores, but I had no problem and the store I went to had sizes up to 26 to try on. I would definitely not recommend this place to anyone who wants to be treated well while dress shopping!
5	I will admit i was kind of dreading the whole wedding dress shopping but I had an awesome experience at Strut!  Everyone that works there is super nice, helpful, and very knowledgeable.  Strut bridal is VERY affordable and can fit any body size or shape!  My dress came in almost a month early which is awesome considering I had lost 40 pounds since i first tried on the sample dress.  The staff gave me cards for recommended alteration places near my house.  They truly made me feel special!  Thanks you strut bridal ladies!!!
5	The ladies at Strut are wonderful. We worked with Stephanie and had an excellent experience picking our bridesmaids dresses. It s hard to choose because every dress in the store is beautiful!
5	Decent sized shop in phx.Lot parking next to the strip mall area.The misses had to pick up her maid of honor dress and the lady was very helpful.We got there a little bit before they opened and the lady let us in and helped us.The fitting was quick and she even gave recommendations on a shop for a custom fit bra to go with the dress.Very nice shop.
5	THIS PLACE IS GREAT!! I was searching all over for a place that would do my measurements for a bridesmaids dress. I wasn't purchasing here, but the girl was more than willing to help. She charged me nothing for the service (other alteration shops were going to charge $20!!) Everyone there was very nice and the dresses are BEAUTIFUL!! She wouldn't accept a tip, so I'm writing this review for my gratitude. They're excellent.
5	I bought my wedding dress from strut approx three years ago when they were first getting into the space. (I wasn't a yelp member yet, but now I am) Ann and her team are amazing and do wonderful things for great people. I was in between two sizes and Contrary to what Ann recommended I ordered the smaller size. When it arrived it was to small and I panicked. Ann and her team worked with me on getting additional applicays and I had the dress altered to fit. On my wedding day I felt like an absolute princess. I have referred many people to STRUT and they too have had an equally amazing experience. At a time that is very stressful I really felt that Ann took the time I make me feel amazing. Other bridal stores struggle to make you feel as special when the sample sizes are very small. Highly recommend them!
4	I picked up my wedding dress last month (Yayyy).  I want to thank Sarah for all of her help and suggestions for minor alterations.  I will be sure to recommend Strut! #Happycustomer
5	IAdorable little shop, FANTASTIC staff! I worked with Stephanie who was ultra patient with my indecisiveness and helped me find the most gorgeous dress. She was never pushy or sales-oriented; it was great to feel like my opinion mattered more than the price of the dress. My favorite part though? I never got the "chubby bride side-eye". Love the dress, love the shop, love the ladies! I'm sending my bridesmaids in for their dresses soon. (:
