5	Fantastic pedicures and manicures!  Beautiful, CLEAN, relaxing salon. Julie and her staff are wonderful. Super friendly, skilled and accommodating.  Sooooo glad I accidentally found her shop on Decatur and thrilled that they moved to Rancho Dr.   I'm always happy with the service, always!
5	Friendly staff. Superb job on my gel French tip by Julie. Will definitely make a stop here again next time  I'm in town.
5	I'm THRILLED! that Glossy Nails has moved to their new location.  "talk about convenient" The place is (immaculate) & every time I have gone there. I've had a great experience & I will continue to go here!!
5	I went in 04/04/14 I love this place.Will be coming back. I salon hop a lot but I really found the best place for me.
5	Sa is fantastic!  She was very  friendly and the did an AMAZING job!  Glossy nails is the best place I have been to in Las Vegas!  Love Love Love them!!! Definitely recommend and I will be back!!!
5	I've walked by these places a billion times and finally I decided to go into there it was really great, Me and my friend went as soon as they opened we got are toes and nails done we had to be out of there before 10:30 so we can go to gradation and they did a wonderful job this my new spot  I surly will be there every two weeks.
5	I went to Glossy Nails today for the first time!  I had the most amazing pedicure!  It was a very clean salon with helpful and nice attendants.  They made me feel like a princess!  I will definitely be making this my new place to enjoy a "me" day!
5	Looking for $20 pedicure by my office, found on Yelp.  Very clean as other reviews stated, and while I upgraded to the extra exfoliation $30 pedi the service was typical of this type of salon.  However 2 things happened that really stood out and totally endeared my trust-1) I chose a very pale matte grey, he suggested glitter topcoat would be pretty but respected my request to see it the original way first, then I did ultimately decide on glitter! When I was at the end of my drying he noticed the big toes had not dried (too much polish, likely from my changing my mind) he had manager come over and redo. Numerous times at other places I've put on shoes hours later to discover this issue for myself, love that it will never happen here!!!2) while drying big toes I had manager run my card for $40, meaning $10 tip, but saw her give him a $20 bill thinking I hadn't gotten the upgrade and he gave her the extra $10 back explaining the mistake! After being in shops with managers cussing staff out and craziness this was unbelievable to see in Vegas.Really kind, thorough people and great value.  Not pushy at all about upgrades either, the options are given to you as a laminated menu:)
5	Glossy Nails is a great addition to the neighborhood.  The place is clean and the staff is friendly.  Well worth the money!
1	10 minutes for a $45 pedicure...need I say more? This place had great reviews and many said what a great value it was however that was NOT the case for us at all. My sister and I decided to go here as it was right up the street from my house and had great reviews. The woman who did my pedicure seemed nice for the 10 minutes she spent with me. However she seemed rushed and did not spend any effort making the experience relaxing nor accommodating to me. I have never had a pedicure done so poorly, so quickly, and for $45. No design, no upgraded spa package, just $45 for one color and 10 minutes of her time. Extremely disappointed. I will NOT be going back.
5	This is the BEST nail salon in Vegas.  They were super clean, affordable,  professional,  nice and did a fantastic job on both my acrylics as well as my gel pedicure.  I walked in with no appointment and was seated RIGHT AWAY and in and out in a very timely manner. They paid extraordinary attention to detail even asking me if I liked everything AS they were going. Julie did my nails and I don't remember who did my toes but they were both great. Would HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone!  Xo
5	I got a pedicure and a new acrylic set here today! The owner is so sweet and she did a great job. The prices are decent and the salon is clean! I'm glad I have a go-to nail salon in Vegas now!
5	Today I decided to treat myself to a mani-pedi and decided to come here since it was the closest to where I live and the reviews looked promising. I didn't have an appointment but was seated right away. The man who did my pedicure was nice and very meticulous. Two different people worked on my manicure: one prepped and one did the actual painting. The lady who painted my nails was quick and very accurate. The expediency was a definite plus. Also what was different from all my other nail experiences was that they kindly asked if I wanted to pay before they started on my hands so I wouldn't risk messing up my polish digging around for my wallet. This was super considerate of them and earned them the full stars for me.Price-wise it was as affordable as it gets. For my mani-pedi I paid $45 which is expected and reasonable for the quality and service. I will definitely be coming back again.
5	This place was amazing! I came here with a friend for a business trip and as soon as we got into town and they got us in quickly on a Saturday! Not only did I get a gel manicure and pedicure (at the same time) I also got a waxing all under 45min! The service and quality of the services were not comped. These guys did a great job and I got to my appointment with time to spare. We will definitely be back here next time were in town!
4	Very nice place. All massage chairs and inventory is new. Owner and nail techs are nice and they are well spoken and actually hold conversation with you. Nail color selection is okay. Prices are normal.
