4	Though I don't often go to Concord Mills for shopping, I do catch a movie at the theater now and again.  It used to be on Saturday mornings, because they had a $4 show before noon.  Now it's still on Saturday morning, but it's gone up to $5.  Though this stinks, the times have expanded, and you can catch a show for $5 more often during the week.The good news is that most of the auditoriums have stadium seating, and though only a couple have really good sound, at least the seats are comfortable in all of them.  I can't speak to the snack bars, because they are even more overpriced than the movies have become - but they sure look nice.I also wish that the self-service machines out front would work more often.  But usually in the mornings the lines aren't bad, so that's not as big a deal as it would be at night.
4	This place gets my four stars mainly for being the one of the only places to catch limited release movies.  The smaller theaters can't or won't take a risk showing movies that mainstream audiences don't know about. I totally found out about this quirk by accident when my friends and I happened upon a poster for a movie we, like most people, hadn't heard about.  We found out that it was a two day limited release and would only be playing at the Concord Mills theater.  Long story short, I found my new favorite actor and book series (it was Death Note, for those who wanted to know).  You really have to look for these releases though, because they have a nasty habit of not advertising them.  Apparently movie execs don't put a lot of faith in foreign movies, even though most of them have a huge cult following before they even come over.  So keep your eyes peeled and your mind open, plus it is a very nice theater.
4	Visited this theater for the first time yesterday.  I liked the "corral" method of queue for ticket sales, as then you don't get stuck in the slowest line, and it is harder for people to cut in line than when you have various windows open, and a mass of people in front, more or less in line.  Once we purchased our tickets, the line was very long to get past the ticket scanners, as they only had one person working there.  This seemed like a bad choice for the day after Christmas, as the place was packed.  The concession prices were outrageous!  2 drink, 1 popcorn combo (not a huge popcorn either, just a bag) was $17.00.  Popcorn and sodas are pretty much the cheapest possible concessions to offer, so this really felt predatory.  At least we weren't in line there for TOO long.The theater itself was very comfortable, sound was good, theater was clean, and the restroom was reasonable.  In all, I will visit this theater again, but think twice about how badly I really need those concessions.
3	This AMC location isn't really a stand-out for me but it's decent.  We usually end up here when we have plans for some gaming at Dave and Buster's or if we want to grab some Cold Stone ice cream.  The theater is pretty large and mostly clean.  The seats have plenty of cushion but no recline at all.  The cup holders barely fit a large drink and I'm always afraid I'm going to knock the drink on the floor.  I think a lot of theaters have this problem though.  The picture and sound quality are good and they also have an imax theater.Overall this is a solid theater and we will continue to come back for more.
4	This AMC location is right on the end of Concord Mills Mall. They have automated box office in front of the ticket counter, if you have one of those AMC cards you can get your tickets without waiting in line most of the time.The theater is pretty neat and clean; the few times that I have been inside I never had the sticky shoes feeling. They also have quite a few number of theaters so it can actually accommodate popular new releases. Drinks and popcorn and snacks are bit overpriced, but isn't that the same with any other theater?Overall, not a bad experience at all every time I have been.
4	Been to many a movie here.  I wish it was closer, but it's worth the trip.  Since I'm turning into an old person, I like watching movies during the day and only paying $5 on weekday/nights and then $5 before 4pm on Friday, Saturdays, and Sundays.They keep this theater clean and it's easy to go shopping at Concord Mills after a long movie session where you need to stretch your legs.There are a couple of times where I've been here on premier nights, which is cool because of the crowds, but I would much rather wait for the middle of the week when I have the option of lifting up all the arms and laying across a row.  Don't get me wrong, it really just depends on who sits next to you in a crowded theater:  the person with the screaming baby, the person texting away, the person answering phone calls!, or the person chatting away with a friend, or the person that has to make a comment about everything in the movie like we aren't watching the same thing.  Wow- I do sound old!  I just need to go home and tell the kids to get out of my yard!
3	This is the closest theater to my home, and I avoid it, sad to say. Most of the problem is nothing that they could or would correct. The place is very crowded. Parking is not fun. Sometimes walking to the theater inside the building is not fun. Crowds can get so big that you are a little jostled around sometimes. The theaters are frequently cold. They are beautiful and roomy. They are often quite clean. The IMAX theater is awesome. I was impressed that the sound was good but not horribly loud. (I have been to smaller IMAX theaters that just blast the sound.) Unfortunately, of the three times that I have gone and had an opportunity to use the restroom, I needed to report unpleasant conditions twice. Again, this is likely a matter of traffic over apathy. Each time that I have complained, someone has moved swiftly towards resolving it.
3	This theater has more showtimes and screens than any that I know of in Charlotte.  It's a chain theater, so don't let the sullen employees, obscene drink and snack prices, and talk-y crowds.  There are usually a lot of showings of the same films, rather than using all the screens to show a larger variety of titles.  But it's great if you can't make the 11:01 showing of Harry Potter but don't want to wait until the 11:04 show.
3	I like the AMC brand, so typically I will seek out this line of theatres.Pluses: Kiosk ticketing.  Box office line too long? No problem, use the kiosks out front.  Stadium seating.  Sound in the theatre.  Plenty of theaters means more movies playing. Concession stand staff are friendly & quick.Theatre & concession stand are kept neat & tidy.Cons: Parking. You will have to park far away and walk.  Prices at the concession stand are insane. Prices for movies, insane as well.
4	I love AMC Concord Mills on weekdays when I am off!  The crowds are minimal (in the mall as well) and the movie selections are varied.  Times here are usually more frequent than other theaters.  The location sis great because who doesn't want to shop before and after the movie!
3	Edited to add: After publishing this review, I received a call from Brian, the GM. He profusely apologized and made everything right. Thanks for the follow up! It's been awhile since I attended a showing at Concord Mills: my last experience with them was tainted by poor security and roaming mobs of teenagers.They were one of the few theaters showing "The Muppets" at midnight the night prior to opening, so some friends and I headed over.The ticket seller was bright, happy and helpful - excellent job, Melissa! Unfortunately she turned out to be the last smiling face we saw that evening. The boys at concession were more interested in flirting with some female customers than waiting on those of us wanting to make a purchase, so we didn't. We waited at the counter for five minutes without being noticed.The auditorium had not been cleaned from the previous showing, and there was gum smeared on the backs of the seats in front of us.The presentation of the movie was superb - focus, sound, everything done well ... until about 3/4 of the way through when the house lights suddenly came up. After a bit I went into the lobby to let someone know, but there were no employees in evidence. After a few minutes of searching, I went back so as to not miss the end.Just as the credits started rolling (along with the final song and action still taking place) the projector cut off and the 'public service' audio clicked on. Everyone in the theater looked at each other for a bit and finally got our things together to leave. It felt a bit abrupt.I decided to speak with a manger to air my displeasure, so we went in search of someone in charge. The only employees we found were the night janitor, who didn't seem to speak any English. I finally made him understand and about 10 minutes later he found the manager on duty: Donna.When I told Donna what had happened she told me that everything was automated and there was no one minding the projectors or the theaters. There was nothing she could do. I challenged this and she then made a call to someone upstairs. (Lindsey?) Donna then went on to tell me that there were 22 movies running and they couldn't be expected to monitor them all. I asked how many were running during the midnight showings and she said "7". Then she told me that the projectionist was busy moving prints around and was to busy to keep an eye on the movies running. We were dismissed without apology.This is a fairly decent theater, and they do run some hard to find exclusives. It's a shame a great night was ruined by dismal customer service.
4	I liked the kiosk ticketing. You can tell the theaters are getting used pretty hard but it is still a pleasant place to see a flick. I would expect an update from them in the next couple years considering how many people in the Concord area frequent this movie theater. Prices for refreshments could be lower...
4	As the closest movie theater to my residence, I have made this particular AMC my theater of choice.  They often have movies and show times that other theaters in and around Charlotte simply do not offer.  Maybe because of the 24 available screens, they are able to show and keep more movies in the theater, for longer periods of time.My standard game-plan is to pick a movie that has been out a few weeks and catch it on a weekend matinee here at AMC Concord Mills.  As others have stated, you generally find the theater mostly empty and void of distractions such as teenagers, kids, and couples intent on public displays of affection in the late mornings and early afternoons.I'm a fan of the automated kiosk in which you can purchase ticks on your own without having to go to the window.  I don't know why more people don't take advantage of this, as its usually a quicker option as opposed to waiting in line.  The concessions are standard but never below par.  The Cherry Coke is usually crisp and the popcorn is steadily popped throughout the day.  I also like the fact that they allow you to butter your own popcorn as you like at the butter and salt station.  The only down side is that the concession prices are EXTREMELY overpriced and they are always trying to get you to upgrade or spend more money on some gut and wallet-bursting deal. All in all this is the best movie theater in the area, especially when compared to Starlight or Northlake's theater.
4	I came here to watch the second Sherlock Holmes. I have been a long time goer to this movie theater and this is the first review I'm writing of this place. As years of wear and tear, it's starting to look a little more aged. Inside it's moderately clean the bathrooms aren't bad as usual. They did however a couple years ago upgrade some of the theaters to an IMAX theater (even though it isn't as big as some other cities). And another thing I don't understand is this 3D rave. I'm not a big fan of it, but it seems like a lot of people are. This AMC has a lot of teenagers, especially because it's a mall and plus it's has just been a popular place to go to hang out. The parking lots are better than most, but still could be better when movies are let out and people are driving crazy trying to get out.Overall, this theater isn't bad. Don't expect extravagance though.
3	For the most part....I have enjoyed my movie going experiences at Concord Mills AMC.  Yes...there is a "however".  Will get to that after the good stuff!  I have never had a better IMAX experience outside of a true IMAX theater....until seeing 'MI - Ghost' earlier this year.  It was simply amazing.  The sound quality was absolutely amazing.  The screen seems to be 25% larger than normal screens.  The auditorium was very large!  The concessions are always good and fresh...and cost as much as your typical theater.  Challenges....depending on when you go....is parking......but that is how C-Mills is during most prime shopping hours.   The other challenge....and this happens in almost every "non-Regal" theater I have gone to...and that is folks with their feet on the chairs.  Can you believe that folks come into a theater and actually immediately put their feet where people have to rest their heads.  One of these days.....the attendants will make an announcement before the show.......KEEP your feet down!!! Or get out!
4	I love this theater, it's very convenient and usually very clean. Prices have increased but matinee showings are still $5!
3	I went to see American Reunion here.  Overall it was a pretty good experience.  The seats are comfortable.  It was fairly clean.  My biggest gripe is that the movie started about 25 minutes after it was scheduled.  Has it been that long?  Is that the norm nowadays?  Price was ok at 7.50 each, but I still think I prefer grabbing a redbox for a buck fifty.
3	Saw The Hunger Games. The theater was a bit warm and the screen a but worn. Otherwise, it was fine.
4	Wow. $5 for a movie before noon. In the Summer?!?!?!SOLD! This theater is just about the only thing I like about Concord Mills. This particular theater does suffer from being too crowded at times. I guess that's what you get for being attached to a high-volume mall.I could almost take 2 stars off because of the concession prices alone but that's basically how they make their money. I seriously wish all of these theaters would do something about their popcorn. There should be a constant fresh batch instead of combining it all with the older stuff. Nothing like buttering your own bag but I wish the science of buttering the entire bag and not just the top would be perfected. Comfy, roomy seats with a lot of leg room. Nice screens and sound system.Your pal,Walter
5	First let me say, I cannot attest to the prices because I went here for a pre screening of Ted. (Hilarious by the way...) But, looks are deceiving that's for sure. I had never been to the Concord Mall and when you go over by the movie theater there is a mall entrance and a door that says separate entrance to the movie theater, or something along those lines. It's kind of a weird walk way into a tan door that leads into the mall by Forever 21 and the theater is to the right. It was a nice looking place and we got right in with our tickets. We decided to get popcorn, and that right there is a major reason for the 5 stars... not the popcorn itself, but the butter. OMG. I told the kid behind the counter that I wanted popcorn with alot of butter, and he pointed me towards the end of the counter..."The butter is at the end of the counter." WHATTTTTTT???? I get to pump my own butter? Do you realize I may die from clogged arteries right here in the walkway?? And that's exactly what it was like, they took the responsibility out of their own hands and said, "here ya go movie patron, make yourself as fat as you'd like!" UM OK!!!! I of course drowned my small bag of popcorn with that delicious stream of warm butter and happily strolled into the theater to find my seat. The actual theater is your typical place, nicely done and decorated. I felt like the theater we were in was a bit small, but that could have been because of all the people. There wasn't an empty seat in the place. It's a bit of a drive from my house, so I'd probably not venture out there too often, but if it's by you, I'd give it a thumbs up.
4	I do not like Concord Mills Mall, however this movie theater is nice. The seats are comfortable and roomy. The sound is always good in the theater.  The staff has always been friendly.
4	Movie prices are what they are. All-in-all, this is a great theater. Concord Mills AMC at the mall is a good location.They regularly play Indian/Bollywood films, which is great because it's a great way to mix up movie night.
4	Great 5 dollar movie in the evenings during the week. Can't beat that!!
2	The prices were what you might expect for this area, and the facility seemed clean, but this was the loudest movie theatre I've ever been to. Even with earplugs I could hear every line of the movie clearly.
4	This is my favorite movie theater around. I would rather pay a few more dollars to see a movie here than being surrounded by every 11-13 year old having group dates at our other theater. The only reason it isn't a 5 star, is the price. Go Monday-Thursday for a $7.50 flat rate fee. Friday, Saturday and Sunday is $10+ each.
3	Meh, can't say it's my favorite theatre in the world but I also can't say it's my least favorite. It's in the armpit known as Concord Mills, which I loathe, and has all of the less-than-excited staff you'd expect. It's AMC. Ticket prices are expensive. Snacks are way too expensive. Seats are moderately comfortable. 24 Theatres to choose from. I'm a fan, but I have to have a REALLY good reason to drive up that way. Avatar in 3D/IMAX was one of those reasons.
5	Great place to watch a movie
4	Other than the prices being slightly higher than other theaters, everything else about this place is pretty good.  Great selection of movies along with several time options to choice from.  Pros - Large with several theaters - Good movie selection - Comfortable seating - Located right inside the mall (okay, this can also be a con) - Kiosk terminals that allow you to pick up tickets purchased online or buy tickets.  Cons - Prices are slightly higher - Traffic and parking can be a hassle
4	Get here early! Seats fill up quick!I love this theater. They always play movies for the longest and they oftentimes play movies that you can't see anywhere else. Very roomy and comfy. Prices are a little higher and it seems to be always crowded. Parking is a nightmare on a Saturday night.
5	LOVE this theater! I only go during the week for $5 shows, so I cannot attest to the admission prices on the weekend. Personally I like avoiding the weekend crowds so you couldn't pay me to go on a Friday or Saturday, but to each his own. The theater has always been clean and the seats are very comfortable. Employees are friendly and helpful. Yes, the concessions are a little high but I don't know of a theater that isn't. Bottom line is that I always have a pleasant, relaxing time when I go here and it's my favorite in the area.
5	This theater has been around for years, yet it always looks brand new and state-of-the-art. I'm very pleased every time I visit this theater. Clean, sparkling, fresh popcorn, friendly staff and plenty of showings. A great theater!!
4	This is one of my favorite movie theaters in the Charlotte area, despite my lack of enthusiasm for shopping malls.  I normally attend movies in the late afternoons or evenings during the week and I don't purchase snacks or drinks; however, I'm super appreciative of this theater being clean and easy to locate within the mall (down at the end, across from Forever 21).  The movie schedules are great and I have even seen a few movies here that most other theaters do not show.  (For example, Dallas Buyers Club.)  There are electronic ticket kiosks if you don't want to wait in line for a ticket and I've always been a fan of the lighting near the entrance of the theater.  It doesn't really feel like you're in the middle of an outlet mall.  (Thank goodness.)  I'd give this theater five stars if the seats reclined.  :-)
5	Large multiplex theater. Theater has $5 movies for showings that are early. IMAX available for a hefty charge. 3d movies show here for cost of 3d glasses. A 3d movie for 3 was about 33 dollars for us. Snack bar has pizza, chicken tenders, hot dogs, pretzels, ice cream, along with the usual candy, popcorn, and drinks all at inflated prices.  Good selection but be prepared to pay.Can be a stubs member for $12 a year to get free tickets, snacks, etc. it's free at regal, but they give you $10 for every $100 spent to use for tickets or snacks in addition to snack specials and discounts offered to members on a regular basis.Clean theater. Have been here many times.
5	My son left a pair of nice Oakley sunglasses in the late evening and called the theater and the person working put him on hold and went and found the glasses and when we arrived shortly to pick up he would not even take a tip we insisted as he said it was against company policy.  We are very thankful for the great service as well as the clean theaters!
4	Nice theatre and  such nice staff.They told us to pour our large popcorn in a bag and gave us more so we did not have to run back out. How nice was that.
5	Amazing clean. The concessions stand are get your own sauce for chicken fingers. With no extra cost. The bathroom all dispensers full and soup full. Not thus way in any AMC in jersey I been too. Here the theater had no popcorn on floor. They really clean the theater between shows. Hots off to the manager and staff here at AMC Concord. And did I mention it cost $7.25. You can only love this place. By far the best AMC yet
5	Beautiful theatre, great service, empty theatersI got a large popcorn and a drink of water. I specifically asked for tap water to make sure they weren't charging me for something that is free or next to nothing. I receive a receipt $8 for popcorn and $5 for the water. I went and sat down, but was fuming mad about the water - the courtesy of not telling me that it would cost me $5 despite saying "tap water". I took the water back and there was no problem. Refunded for the water - excellent service!
5	Staff is always polite and movie selection is great! Prices aren't too bad and the viewing area is always clean. Only down side is that they don't have student discounts, but that's livable
5	Just when I thought I couldn't love this place more, they've just installed a row of Coca-Cola Freestyle machines. Now you get free refills on all drink sizes!
