4	All around great dry cleaners with very friendly staff! We've tried several other dry cleaners in the Anthem area and have found most to be pricey and lacking in quality /attention to detail. Thrift D-Lux has regular monthly coupons available on their website, which is a nice bonus to help keep costs down. Next day service is nice, too!
5	STAFF IS SO PLEASANT! I knew this had to be a good place when happy, friendly teens work there accepting dry cleaning from the elderly population of Anthem!  Kathy (manager) must treat them well and offer a swell work environment...I mean what teen WANTS to work at a dry cleaners!? I've been going here for a year now and am thrilled with the value; so affordable and you get same day service if you drop off by 9am. They have coupons on the website that save you a ton (over time) because they allow one coupon with EVERY incoming order, not just for "new customers". ALWAYS print/photocopy your coupons for the month! I have brought in giant comforters and had alterations done too - success with both. My husband once had some discoloration to his white sports jersey - but I didn't bring it to the staffs attention and assumed it was a goner...a few hours later sweet "east coast Kathy" called and said she noticed the discolored areas and wanted me to know that she will give it extra treatment. When I arrived to pick up, she ran to the item, torn open the bag, and inspected it - as if it were her own prize possession. To my surprise, stain gone! The personal concern they have here makes me keep coming back and you can't beat its worth. Plus, you just drop off and go...no slowly counting and recording shirt, by shirt, by shirt. At Thrift-D-Lux you're in and out!
5	My business card simply says "I'll call you"My resume consists of a single photograph of me.The signature on my medical prescriptions once won a PulitzerMy tears can cure blindness, although it's too bad I never cry.Patients apologize to me for getting sick.All my rival doctors list me as their emergency contact number.I once ran a marathon because it was on the way to work.I once had an awkward moment by slurping a curry noodle soup and splattering curry all over my dress shirt...just to see how it feels.Fortunately Thrift-D-Lux was there to remove it to my satisfaction.  Even after 3-4 attempts, they only charged me regular price. Extremely consistent, efficient, and excellent customer service for dry-cleaning/shirt laundering in the Anthem area.   *Be sure to check out their website before arriving to print out coupons that they post regularly for discounts off dry-cleaning, shirts, comforters, etc.*Orders guaranteed to be ready for pickup the next day.  Open seven days a week. *New delivery service available to home or business with one time fee of $2.50*Very pleasant and professional staff, be sure to grab a complimentary bottled water and popcorn out of their old-time popping machine on the way out.I don't always have my clothes dry-cleaned or laundered, but when I do, I prefer Thrift-D-Lux.  Stay dapper, my friends.
5	Great prices, super helpful staff.  Seriously, everyone is so nice here you just want to pinch all of these cheeks. :)  Always a great job, and did I already mention, great prices with no stinky dry cleaning smell.  Thumbs up!
1	We have been using this cleaners since we moved here from LA. All seemed great until the last 3 months! In the last 3 months we have had nothing but problems! First, I picked up my clothes only to be without one of the twin comforters I had brought to be cleaned. When I pointed out that it was missing from the order. They found it (or so they said) in the back uncleaned. They promised to clean it for free and have it ready in 2 days. When I picked up the comforter and brought it home I found out that it was not my comforter. I took in a twin to be cleaned and was given a king. When I brought it to their attention they told me that I had brought them the king to be cleaned! I should know what size I brought--after all I took it off a twin bunk bed! They never found it!! Someone is missing a King comforter that I now possess. Then just yesterday I got a shirt that does not belong to my husband! They said that they must have put an extra item with my order! They say they gave me all the shirts I brought to be cleaned. But, my husband is now missing a shirt!! Stay away from this cleaners!!!! They refuse to take responsibility for their mistakes and correct their errors!!! I am out a twin comforter and an expensive shirt!!!!
5	Great prices and they have a very quick turnaround. The employees are really nice to boot. It's the only dry cleaners I take my clothes to.
2	I really hate to bump this place down to two stars but I must. I brought in seven pairs of my husbands pants to be cleaned. We have used this dry cleaner for a year with zero issues.  When I got home, I noticed a few pairs were pressed incorrectly so the pants had two pleats down the front. They were nice about it when I brought them back in and said it would be no charge to fix them. So, I dropped off and picked up again and the same thing happened again with two pairs! I am very disappointed with this place which is unfortunate because everyone is so pleasant each time I come. I will be looking for a new dry cleaner.
3	I had a business trip planned for a Monday, and bought some new slacks and button ups the Friday before. I dropped them off Saturday, the staff was very friendy and reassured me I would have them back by Sunday at 3pm. I had unexpected plans come up Sunday and called them to see if I could get my pants early. Again the very pleasant staff told me there truck comes in by 3pm and if it came in earlier they would call. I recievd a call at 130pm that my clothes were ready...now for the not so good, had I checked my slacks before I left I would have noticed a double crease down the side on all 5 pair. My shirts were as requested, nice with light starch. I ended up ironing all my slacks in the hotel room Monday evening. Dont know if I will go back. I am partial to dry cleaners that do it on site, not farm them out.
4	Great job on my shirts.  Very nice employees, too. However, I hate that you have to print a coupon to get a break in price. This day in age, I need fast and convenient, and this firm has too many hurdles. I run an e-office: paperless!  Here, you have go to their web site, get a coupon, then print the coupon, and then take in. Nahhhh.  Simplicity is best. It's 2014!But they're open 7 days a week, and they do a good job. They just need to re-think this coupon policy.  Why can't I just show it to the counter personnel on my iPhone screen?  Silly!
