5	This is a great family run, 30+ years in the business.  They carry and specialize in authentic Indian/Native American made jewelery and artifacts.  www.chiefdodge.com
5	Extremely good selection or Native art and jewelry! Went in for a pair of free earrings and came out with beads that I have been searching high and low for. The staff was very helpful and polite and even stopped for a nice chat. Worth the trip!
5	I just read on their Facebook page, that today 5/27/2011 is their last day for the summer break due to personal circumstances with plans to reopen in the fall.
5	I've personally been to this store and have also ordered items over the phone and email. I randomly found this shop by browsing online when I was in Phoenix for work last year and decided just to give it a try.  They have great turquoise jewelry that is hand made by local artists.  They have excellent prices, great selection of items, and their staff is genuine, polite, and very helpful.  I randomly found this shop by browsing online when I was in Phoenix for work last year.  I highly recommend it and have bought gifts for others from there since visiting the store.  I mentioned to their staff that I live in Nashville, TN and they told me that Winona Judd shops at their store! Give them a call or email for your turquoise jewelry needs.
5	This place is small but there is lots to be found!  They have everything from small, everyday jewelry to elaborate pieces of art for special occasions.  :)  All are beautiful!  My sister came into town and desired to buy some turquoise jewelry.  I found Chief Dodge's on Yelp, read the reviews and decided to stop by.  I was not disappointed.  My sister found exactly what she was looking for.  The ladies behind the counter were very welcoming and helpful.  I certainly recommend this place to anyone looking for turquoise jewelry.  :)P.S.  Not everything they have in stock can be found on their website.  Call them with questions or go pay them a visit.  :)
5	I've bought a few pieces here for myself and as gifts for family members.  I've gotten compliments from people about the jewelry I wear, and it's all thanks to Chief Dodge.  The turquoise is genuine, and so are there other stones, which is hard to find now-a-days among the foreign objects a lot of Old-Town Scottsdale carries. The service is also pretty friendly and patient and they don't pressure you into anything. If you're looking to buy authentic Native American jewelry, I'd say you won't be disappointed with this place.
5	During my stay in Arizona there was really only one thing I wanted to get, authentic Native American jewelry. I swear I probably went to 15 shops and was almost ready to give up on my quest when out of the blue I was given the number for Chief Dodge. Mary Dodge greeted me when I entered her shop. I told her what I was looking for and bam like magic I was in turquoise and sterling silver heaven! I cannot express how happy Iam that I found chief dodge. I walked away with a smile..... as well as a turquoise pendant and ring, I also bought a rather amazing gift ( rare sugilite ring).Jewelry aside, Mary was so personable and caring. I really enjoyed the talk I had with her and I was also really happy to know that the Items I bought were locally made and supporting the tribes who made them!!!She also was kind of my hero and mended the rings I was wearing back into shape!You rock Chief dodge! Thank you for being so amazing!
4	I really enjoyed visiting this place. All items here are made by Native Americans, and there are also certificates of authentication for some of the items. I ended up purchasing dream catchers as neat gifts, as supposed to the typical postcards, key chains, t-shirts, etc. There were assortments of dream catcher sizes and colors. I chose the medium sized ones which cost $6 apiece. The smaller ones were $5 while the larger ones were $8. There were other cool knick knack items that were reasonably priced: hand-painted ornaments, small framed pictures, figurines, jewelry, magnets.I will definitely return as the personnel were friendly and patient. Oh. If you find those tour guide booklets (the ones with recommended places/sites to see if you're visiting the area), Chief Dodge will give you a free pair of turquoise earrings if you show them their advertisement page in the guide booklet.
5	I used to live in the Phx/Scottsdale area and have been going to Chief Dodge for new items and repairs on jewelry for years. I moved to Sedona 8 years ago and still go to see Mary at Chief Dodge for her wonderful pieces, great customer service, and excellent repair service.  Mary and her colleagues are always helpful and accommodating and go out of their way to help me.  They have fixed many pieces and I have purchased a number of items over the years.  It is worth the trip to Scottsdale just to visit and see what new pieces she carries.  I recommend Chief Dodge without hesitation and know you will find exactly what you are looking for if you stop in.
5	I was in town on vacation, and wanted to purchase some local native American jewelry. Didn't know exactly where to go, and didn't want anything commercially made either. After reading the reviews on yelp, I chose to visit Chief Dodge. The reviewers were right! This family owned business has a huge selection of rings, pendants, earrings, and native american art. I was greeted by Mary the owner, and assisted by Mike, a Navajo jeweler. He took the time to explain the origins of each piece I selected and how it was made. I found a great ring to take home as a souvenir...and at a good price. Their inventory changes often, due to their relationship with local native American jewelers. Prices are reasonable, and you will feel good knowing that your purchase supports local tribes. A definite must-visit. I will stop by again next time I'm in town!
