2	We decided come here since it was next to the mall. The place was not even that busy. The food was okay. But the service was bad. We sat there for about 20 mins until our waitress came by our table. After taking our orders she came back with the drinks. By the time we got the food the order was wrong and the waitress was no where to be found. When we ask someone if they can find our waitress another 15 minutes went by. At that time my aunt decided she's going to eat it anyways since it took forever. Then we over heard the table next to us asked her about their food. She told them she forgot to put in their order. Next time we are going else where.
1	Broccoli and meat with the taste of freezer burn always get the one star from me. Bad service gets the same. Little or no working heat (or so it seems) on a cold day is another turnoff. If you long for the Friday's experience of the 1980s, don't go to this one. The Friday's at Concord Mills Mall gets about three stars compared to this location.At the same time, this chain is past its prime. With so many great restaurants in this area, the only reason someone would stop here is the expectation of name recognition.  Sorry, but this site may disappoint.
1	This place is horrible and has crappy service. They try and get over on large groups with a service charge that is 2x higher than the normal 18% tip for 8 or more guests....
5	Great place for dinner or just a quick mid day meal. Service is great and timely.
2	It's a TGIF, so you'd think that it would keep up with standards.  The service was nice, but on a Wednesday night (and it was actually fairly busy at the bar), you would have thought that they'd be a little more attentive. Those on the other side of the bar that the bartender had their backs to were serviced less unless you happened to be friends with the bartenders.   At least so it seemed.  Didn't bother me as much since I was just having dinner and as long as my Coke was refilled, I was good.I had a Jack Daniels Flatiron steak (medium rare).   They might have to teach their cooks how to cook a steak.   When you cut into it, there were two different "red colors" which basically means that the darker red is "raw" while the other red was "cooked".   Not a good sign if you can't cook steaks at the right temperature.   And with meat, it's always better to be more conservative with the timing.Everything else was fine, but being that it's a chain, I expected at least average ratings which the food part didn't induce.
3	Had lunch here the other day...  I'm still skeptical about a place like this doing asian food as I spied a  Hibachi Steak and Chicken option on the menu, but I decided to go with the Santa Fe Salad which was gi-normous, filling, and very tasty.  The hostess and waiter were pretty friendly as they didn't seem all that busy for lunch.  It did feel like it took a while for the food to come out, but it all worked out in the end:  they got their money and I got a decent meal.
1	Food is great I can't say much for the service and the hostess who upon arriving welcomed us with a "what!"
3	Good food. Good service. Loud people. It was Sunday Night football in the bar area. The restaurant was not that busy and our waitress mostly stayed at the table next to us talking with another customer.
3	We visited TGI Friday's during our lunch break from work.  The place was pretty dead and we were promptly seated.  Normally, I would love a table by a lot of windows.  However, it was winter and it was almost as cold inside as it was outside.  If I wasn't afraid of spilling my lunch down my leather jacket and scarf, I would have worn both of them during my entire meal.Trying to eat a healthy, lightish lunch, I ordered a Grilled Chicken Cobb Salad because it sounded the best of all the salads.  It had an "RPRP" label next to it (Right Portion, Right Price) and was cheaper than the other salads, though, so I was afraid it was going to be a tiny salad and I'd still be hungry.  Thankfully, it was pretty huge and, therefore, filling.  I really enjoyed it and everything on it looked very fresh.  We only chose Friday's for lunch because I had a buy one get one free coupon.  Otherwise, I would have gone somewhere else because Friday's DOES NOT HAVE ANY LUNCH SPECIALS.  You heard me.  I think they're the only restaurant I've ever been to that does not have a differentiation between lunch and dinner options and prices.  Do I want to spend dinner prices at lunch?  Hell no.So while we had really good meals and great service for our lunch, dinner prices at lunchtime and a freezing cold dining room deserve the removal of two stars from this review.  Shame on Friday's for not offering lunch specials to its dining guests.
1	First off let me say this TGIF is gonna get the brunt of a couple of other TGIF visits I've had around the Charlotte area. I'd say i've had a couple of other visits to TGIF's in Charlotte and I don't recall them being a good experience. I kinda forgot that until we headed there on a whim and right away i remembered, ohhhh yea, this place is soooo loud. I'm not talking a little loud, I'm talking scream to place an order or ask your wife sitting next to you what the waiter said. Yep, that loud. It took us about 15 minutes to get seated was what they had advised. The waiter was good and provided really good service (Once we could hear each other). It took another 30-45 minutes to get our food and then another 10-15 to get bill and checked out. Almost 2 hours is way to long for a meal, especially when it's impossible to have any sort of conversation with the others in your party. So I believe over the years i've tried TGIF's 3 times or so and I'm pretty sure this will be the last time. Fool me once shame on you, fool my twice shame on me, fool me three times.......
1	This was quite honestly my worst experience ever at a TGI Fridays. It was a Saturday evening visit, and it was one of those days...First off, I've been to this Friday's before, and it was decent. This time, it went bad. Starting off, the atmosphere was awfully loud with a few drunks at the bar, @ 530?!? The food however started ok, and progressively got bad. We ordered two appetizers and our main courses. Apps were ok, not great, but our fried green beans were luke warm at best and our dip was ice cold. We got Ribs and Chicken, and the Ribs were tough and very meatless for the cost of the dish. The chicken was soggy, and tasteless. Our waiter, he was very attentive, but too attentive, coming back every 2-3 minutes asking if everything was ok. It seemed like he knew there was a bigger problem than we thought.. It was a disaster on date night, and very disappointing.
5	Haley and bob were awesome, got in late got me food, good conversation, felt like cheers. Recommend cajun chicken and shrimp pasta.
1	I went to this TGI Friday's on a Friday night, so I went in knowing it was going to be a pretty busy place.  I didn't think it was going to be as bad as I experienced.When my party walked in, it didn't seem like the five people at the hostess stand really wanted to greet us and were more concerned with mingling amongst themselves.  We told them we had a table of five, and one of the hostess' informed us it was going to be an hour wait.  Since we were hungry, we walked out of the restaurant, and one of the workers started waving us down because they had an opened table.  The sad part?  The opened table that was already clean was RIGHT BEHIND them.  Five people couldn't see an opened table clearly behind them?  Wow.After we sat down, we were greeted by a nice waitress, but her service was not all that great.  Through out the night, it was hard to find her or get her attention because she would pass by our table.  She also didn't seem as concerned when I informed her that my appletini glass had a lipstick mark on it.  My friend was able to spot it across from the round table we were sitting at, and she didn't even see it before she handed it to me.  The food was good, but took way too long to receive.  I think that we waited a good 30 minutes for our appetizers.  I don't even know how long we were waiting for our entree as I started getting cranky and moody like I always do when I'm hungry.I feel that I probably won't be going back to this location again.
3	service was good, food was what I would expect from TGI Fridays
4	My friend and I decided to stop in for a drink and to take advantage of the 2 for $10 menu. And we did not have any complaints. The service was good and the food was hot. We asked what the drink specials were because we sat at the bar, and this night they were Long Island Ice Tea's....if you ask me there really is no other way to drink iced tea! But they were as expected, delicious!For appetizers we got the pot stickers and the spicy queso beef dip and for our meals we both tried the Jack Daniels Chicken Duo- which has grilled chicken on a skewer over jasmine rice and then sesame style chicken with a side of Jack Daniels glaze. YUM!The pot stickers were wonderful, I absolutely love the schezwan  dipping sauce! The spicy queso dip was good too...it's a little weird because it comes with topped with half a taco shell...but once you take that off it's full of yummy queso and jalapenos and spices for a nice kick! The Chicken duo was delicious! I loved the grilled chicken especially which over the rice with the glaze was a perfect pairing. Love that they have this deal, and hope it stays around longer!
2	The only reason I went here was for a book club meeting.  I've been here several times and the food is very sub-par.  Didn't much like the steak, and the fries were terrible.  How hard is it to master french fries?  The service was slow.  It was over an hour before we got our entrees, and they weren't that busy.  And then, the server interrupted our conversation and gave us some long winded sales pitch that totally pissed me off.   I think they were selling some discount card or something, I was too annoyed to listen.
1	I rode by this place and thought, why did he stop going to TGI Friday's? Then I ate there and was reminded.
2	We went on a Friday night as packed as it looked we actually went right in and got a table. The waitress was good and always on point with service. As for the food I ordered the Jack Daniels ribs and shrimp. The shrimp were really good. As for the ribs they showed you shouldn't order ribs unless its a BBQ place. They were suppose to be baby backs but they were dry. Some parts of it were pretty good but a majority of it left your mouth dry wanting water. My wife ordered the steak, sadly a majority of that 10oz consisted of nothing but fat. To top it off there was a huge party they sat next to us that ended up getting drunk off their ass. They were so damn loud and obnoxious you couldn't hear your own self think. I don't mind people being loud but c'mon you don't go to a restaurant and get blitzed. But from the way it seemed the manager and servers acted like its an everyday thing so what do I know I was just eating there. Eating there made me realize why I never actually go eat there. Nor do I really plan on going anytime soon
3	I sincerly love Fridays, have for a really long time.  And since the one on Independence was taken from me a while ago I always frequent the one on Harris.  So that's where I found my self last night, I got there right before it got really crowded so I thought.  Any who we got seated pretty fast being that it was pretty crowded, our waitress was nice.  We ordered I food pretty fast, so there should have been no reason for us to get it after we had been there almost an hour.  I do understand that it was busy and I do also understand that people order food at the same time being that it's a restaurant that tends to happen.  So when I asked our waitress what the hold up was that was her response every one ordered at the same time.  So any way, we finally got our apps and waited for our food, finally got the food by now I was ready to go irratated by the atmosphere and the fact we got our food pretty late.  The manager made his way to my table and apologized for the slowness and gave us dessert for free which I thought was nice.  Our waitress only refilled our drinks once which I thought was a no no.  But me being me amazingly I didn't complain I just let it be (amazing I know....lol)  So I got some food to go, I didn't look at just for some reason trust that it was correct.  Got home looked at it, and it was missing a key ingredient.  I ordered a grilled chicken balsamic glazed cobb salad, and well I was missing the chicken can you believe that?  So being that it's a good 20 minutes away from me I didn't make the trip back to complain I just called instead.  I talked to the same manager I'm sure that fixed the first problem and he said sorry and is supposed to send me a gift certificate.  Apparently this happens more often than not because he didn't find it strange at all.  Moral is and I know that I don't need to tell you this but always check your food.  I normally do but for some reason I just didn't last night.  Like I said I really love Fridays and I can't say that I will not be back, but I just wish that they would get it together.
3	Went in after church service (on Easter) and got seated pretty quickly! Not only that but the waitress was very helpful in sharing some of her favorite dishes (i like doing this to see how much they know about the food they serve!). I got the 8oz stake which I wanted MORE of (it was soooo good) with a side of Stake Fries. The wife loved her shrimp & ribs combo plate (which I of course "tasted" as well) and it was very good. The shrimp had a tasteful seasoning to it that when they breaded it, it stayed juicy... The baby raved about the mash potatoes... She said it was "hmmoowerasommmmm...." lol. Oh and before I forget, their Jack Daniel sauce was interesting and would go back to get more... Thanks for looking!
4	This place is always packed so i would suggest some out side seating to help with the over flow but other than that i am always back for the jack daniel specials, this fridays holds the standard
1	Had a party of 18 this past monday after my friends child graduated from h.sSo after we was seated ( in 5 tables instead of putting any together, they state it was a fire hazard) waiter took FOREVER to get our drink order then another lifetime to bring them. At that point we realized we needed to place our food order then to insure we would actually eat the same day.25 mins later 3 of our partie's 18 orders came. 10 mins later the power goes out. After 10 mins, 0% chance of getting any food. Then my friend, they have the balls to bring us a check for all the drinks and the 3 meals. So 3 people get 25% done with their food eating in the dark, the other 15 people look on starving, and THEY GIVE US THE WHOLE BILL, without a penny taken off.Then the kitchen starts smoking and fire trucks come, yet we are in there trying to settle our bill.Needless to say, won't EVER go back there again.
5	If you are looking for a bar to go to and just want to have appetizers, beer, and spirits then TGIF's is the place to be! If you are looking for this place to be "family-friendly", than do not sit in the bar area or do not bring children there after 9pm.I frequent this particular TGIF's a lot, but I only sit in the bar area because I usually plan to only have drinks and appetizers and to enjoy the excitement of the bartenders and the numerous new people I meet there while in the bar.  I went with a friend on this particular visit to have a girls' night out, have some drinks and have fun! And boy did we definitely have some fun! We ordered the pretzels with the craft beer cheese dipping sauce and chips and salsa as our appetizers. The pretzel appetizer is my favorite and I always get it when I go to TGIF's, the craft beer cheese dipping sauce is very good and is mixed with green onions and bacon pieces. So to wash down the pretzels and chips and salsa we had to order tasty and refreshing drinks. TGIF's has a full service bar and the bar is fully stocked with the best alcohol and they have a wide variety of alcoholic beverages, from the traditional drinks to their signature ones. My friend had an Appletini and I had their signature drink, the Captain Morgan Island Rum Punch. The bartenders there on this night stuck their feet in these drinks, because they were AMAZING! The drinks were not watered down, I could taste the alcohol, and we got our money's worth.After sitting at the bar for awhile, we started to get hungry again, so we ordered an entree and both got the salmon with maison butter, mashed potatoes and the vegetable medley (zucchini, squash and red peppers). It did not take long for our food to come out, our food was hot and very tasty. We ate all of it!I recommend their bar service to everyone, but do be prepared for it to be crowded, loud and busy, so sit back, grab a drink and have a good time!
4	We went two nights in a row. The food was fantastic, the drinks were awesome. Service the first night was iffy but it always depends on your waitress, the second night was awesome. Would go again!!!!
1	Poor service! Manager has a bad attitude because they messed up my order and I called him out! Basically, he tried to say they no longer serve the salad with an item, but its on the NEW menu! When I called him out, he proceeded to get loud and walked away! WTHay! #poor_customer_service#pissedI am calling the GM! Pronto!
1	Meal was pretty average but would not go on a Friday night again. Very questionable patrons lots of leather tattoos and women that were overweight with tight clothes can you say cheap hooker!
2	This place has been going down hill for awhile which is a shame as I do love the JD menu.  I think we have reached full hood status here.
1	The worst I have had on the road. I stood at the entrance way for 3-4 min, and that was with 3 workers, then another came up, turned her back to me and started talking to the crew. Then finally a crew member ask, how many to your guest? I then said I'm here to pick out an order... "Oh, just go to the bar".... Then I get to the bar, I don't drink or smoke, but that was jus t another 5-10 mins more. Even though my pice up time has past by 10mins already. So I get my food and walk across to the hotel that I'm staying at, get to my room, go to eat my food it was the correct order..... But..... The food was COLD....... TGI, on WT HARRIS, in Charlotte NC, please get it together,, you never know who is in your presence.
1	I don't like the restaurant portion of this TGI Fridays so I always order to go at the bar (live right across the street).  I always order the same salad but tonight I found a large kinky pubic like hair in it.  Absolutely disgusting!!!
1	Had the absolute worst dinner experience tonight at TGI Fridays on Harris Blvd. Bottom line- the manager would not remove a charge from our bill for food they told us was at a discount AND wouldn't remove a charge for food we did NOT get. He also told me that customers were liars and he wouldn't believe that one of his employees would tell us something wrong. So just FYI - if u are a customer here u might want to rethink as you are a liar! Please share so others liars are in the know. Now mind you- this manager treated me this way all over $6.00.
