1	BEWARE!     Be sure to read all the complaints about the Tempe office.   This one operates the same way.   They are much more concerned with padding your bill than offering quality dental care.   I was a patient for over a year until I couldn't stand it anymore.    High pressure sales tactics from the dental hygenist and then again from the dentist.     AVOID!     Every time I go they try to refer me for another procedure or try to scare me with gloom and doom.     I'm 44 years old and have all my teeth (including wisdom) and have never had a cavity.    I must be doing something correctly.       Go find a dentist office that cares about its patients not just trying to up sell you on additional services you don't need!
1	We live nearby and thought it would be great to try a local dental office.  Both times my husband and I went in the dental hygienist talked, and talked, and talked to the point of annoyance.  Also, the dentist informed my husband that he needed a considerable amount of work done.  We waited a year (finances!) and went back to our prior dentist - listed in the Phoenix Magazine's "Top Docs" - only to find that NO WORK was necessary or even recommended.
1	If you know what's good for you stay away of this place, BIG SCAM, took my wife here for a cleaning place look nice on the front office but dirty in the back, nurses and dentist not professional at all, talking about there personal things out loud, first res flag after doing all there X-rays that didn't make sense because she was there just for a cleaning but they said it was necessary they told us they will have to call us in few hours to let us know about what they treatment that they recommend, second flag, few hours later they call and they said my wife need a cleaning that including my wife insurance it will cost is out of pocket  1900, little excessive don't you think, when I ask why it was so expensive they didn't know what to say they just told me it was a new technology I said we'll just do it the old fashion way but they keep saying this is what it need to be done, I said ok and set the appointment, for a week later, not satisfy I took my wife across the street to another dentist and he told me it was a huge scam he will do the same cleaning costing us out of pocket less then 200, right away I call this place to cancel the appointment and I was that was the end of it but I was wrong 2 months later I get this bill for 200 from this place because I cancel the appointment I just call them and the from office Ladie and the bill department can't explain me why I getting charge but they won't take the charge, this is the biggest SCAM artist place I ever been STAY away!!!!
1	SCAMMERS. This place is a Scam. All 5 star reviews are given by their own office staff people. These people at the front desk will give you wrong information. They will tell you that there is going to be no charge for the visit..etc etc....but after the visit, they will send you a big bill, saying sorry we didn't get the right information from your insurance earlier. You will end up paying for their mistakes. This place is Overly priced, Please go some where else. There are better Dentists in Laveen. The Front desk Lady Rachel is a Con.
1	This place is horrible when it comes to...well everything! LONG story:I had gotten started with the SW Dental in Chandler but I had moved to Laveen. I did not have insurance and I thought they would be more affordable for me to get my wisdom teeth out, plus already having a file with SW dental. The LAVEEN office was very unprofessional over the phone when telling me they "dont transfer files from other offices" and that I would be a new patient. (1st red flag). I asked if I should call the Chandler office and see if they would transfer per my request and the response was "yeah yeah! do that!" (again, unprofessional).Chandler office gave me NO grief on the transfer question and said they would send it over. I call Laveen, they said they got it. A WEEK later I went in for my visit to schedule the actual wisdom removal, and upon my arrival they told me to fill out the New Patient forms because they have not received my file from Chandler (why did both parties tell me it was sent & received??)When being sent back for Xrays (that have already been taken by the Chandler office), the tech must have been right out of school. She was all over the place and didn't know much about working the Pano xray machine. Pushing different buttons to see which did what, she was a finger-push away from clicking the button without my xray jacket. She comes back around the corner saying "oh my gosh I always forget this, here put this on". Uh 2nd red flag! (luckily i didnt have to pay for them since they were "waiting" on my file from the other location)Upon probing all over my mouth and reviewing the xrays with nurse, I mentioned I have high dentist anxiety and would like to have my boyfriend present for the day i have my wisdoms removal. They seemed real unsure about how to handle my request.I go into the clinic for the dreaded surgery day and I asked if my boyfriend can come back with me just until I was out. The response was NO because there would be too many wires and the room is not big enough. I took a lot of deep breaths and went back alone with the same dumb xray nurse i had previously. I sit in the chair and i am constantly fidgeting nervously and fighting back what i call "nervousness tears". (I'm a big baby when it comes to the dentist). The doc comes in and was not of much comfort, just wanted to get it done and over with. No small talk, just dentist talk. They messed up the 1st time with the injection and had to try a couple more times before actually getting it right. Now i'm REAL nervous and I let the tears fall. The nurse then goes "why you crying we havent even started yet". UH HELLO HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO EXPLAIN MY ANXIETY TO YOU GUYS!!!?????Then I was out. Oh by the way, No i did not get a followup phone call from the doc or nurse seeing how my post-surgery was going. And not to mention the ridiculous pricing for it all even with "their" insurance. It cost more than my boyfriends wisdom removal he had done at the Chandler office. VERY DISPLEASED and HIGHLY DO NOT RECOMMEND! How are they still in business!?
1	I think I did something bad in my previous life that I went to this place. This place is a SCAM. they will LIE AND RIP YOU OFF. never go to this place. They use scare tactics to rip off the money for the work that is not needed. Please find a real dentist.
