5	We order from this company consistently ... They carry the best quality dry dog food which we feed as an addition to the raw food we get from Love your pet in Park City. They are always great even about taking last minute orders and they dropped off samples when we had a request the next day.  Delivery to your door.  It is a no brainer "THE BEST" pet food supplier in Las Vegas!
5	Sorry so long in giving you this review!Bullseye is rock solid for great pet food and home delivery. Not sure what you want or need? They will drop of a bag with many samples for you an your best friend to try. We have a Teacup poodle and Bentley was not used to "real" food. We followed their recommendations and now have the perfect mix and our Bentley is one happy camper...Thanks Bullseye, will gladly recommend you to anyone needing your service.
5	This company truly is as good as it gets! Not only am I impressed with their wide variety of holistic and all natural pet food, but also with their quality and extrodinary prices. I have always shopped at the traditional pet store, Petco or Petsmart, but this one goes above and beyond any other store. Just when you think this place can't get any better, they also offer the pet food by delivery! That is fantastic and shows up at my door immediately after I order it. The staff is always curtious and on top of their game in getting me what I need in an organized fashion. Espeically since I don't have to take time out to go to the pet store, the pet store comes to me!! Awesome!!
5	Bullseye Pet Supply has one of the largest assortments of holistic pet foods and products.  I love ordering it and it all shows up at my door, always promptly and just what I ordered!  They are also very knowledgeable about what to feed for many different situations and conditions.I love them!!Sarah
2	This company has been in business for several years and had ordered from them in the past while doing mastiff rescue in 2006. I recently went back to them while looking for a food for a rescued German Shepherd. I purchased a bag of Orijen and the dog did horribly on the food. I emailed them to see about a return policy and when I received no response, I called them and left a message. I did receive a call back and was advised they would not take back the food for either a refund or a credit. The response was "What do you want us to do with it?" Having worked with dogs for 30 years I am not new to dog food and how stores receive credits. I was disappointed that I was stuck with a $45.00 bag of food and  I have had to contact Orijen myself to try and obtain a credit. Orijen has a guarantee on their food, why not extend that to a customer? Not sure I would recommend them as I have done in the past.  Their prices reflect NO RETURNS PERIOD.Make sure that if you buy from them, you are buying a food you know your pet will do well on. Otherwise plan to donate it and loose what you paid.
