4	I love this place. Dragon rolls. I'm simple in my sushi choices- I've been at the beginner level for a long time but I like what I like. At least I've moved on from California rolls. My husband and I went to dinner here one time and sat at the counter. I had a book with me over to my left and we were chatting when this small slab of sashimi lands on the book. I was shocked at first- I didn't expect to see anything flying in a restaurant. I looked up at the kitchen and there were 3 sushi chefs all staring at me in horror- they had tossed a piece of sashimi and it was all a big accident. I thought this was hilarious. We all got a good laugh out of it. It has endeared me even more to this place.
3	I guess I am on a sushi kick. This place is pretty close to my house, so I thought I would give it a try. I got the crispy bagel roll and the super crunch roll. Both were pretty delish, I was kinda disappointed in the rolling job. They weren't rolled as tight as I am used to, which makes for hard maneuvering into the mouth. I'd give them 4 stars if it wasn't for the poor rolling job. I'd definitely go back again, because it was a very yummy experience! I had take out, so I can't comment on the waiter service or atmosphere, but the girl that took my order over the phone was very pleasant!
2	The food is pretty good and there are many options. But I've come here many times because I work across the street, and the service is nothing close to outstanding. I've never seen one of the servers smile. I've had better sushi elsewhere, with better service.
2	Just got back from dinner at Sushi 101.  Not sure I'll be going back.  We arrived around 5:30 and there were only at most 6 customers in the restaurant.  We were promptly greeted by the very friendly hostess. So far so good.  Then out comes our server.  She was more interested in brooding hanging out behind the curtain than taking anyone's order. When she finally did get around to taking our order  it was "what do you want.... ugh... fine...."  We ordered various sushi rolls(California roll, philly rolls, spicy tuna, crab roll, and some other roll) and a plate of fried rice and a side of spicy mayo. Well the sushi came out after a few min.(super fast Sushi chefs) but the server pretty much just dropped it on our table and ran away Ignoring the fact that we had 2 empty drinks and  NO SPICY MAYO. We tried for about 10-15 to track her down to but she was no where to be found. We looked around and realized we weren't the only unhappy table.  Seemed the only people who worked there we could find were the sushi chefs and felt it a little disrespectful to ask them for spicy mayo and refills.  Needless to say the service stunk, after reading the other reviews It looks like this may be a common theme for sushi 101.
2	First time eating at Sushi 101, We started with the lettuce wraps which were okay then we got 3 different types of sushi. We most likely won't go back. The setup is a typical restaurant setup with an open design and a small sushi bar area. The main reason I went with 2 stars is the overall feel of the restaurant, the staffs approach and enthusiasm and the quality of the food.
5	Sushi 101 is THE BEST. I was referred here by over 10 people. I finally tried it and now I'm addicted. Tuna is so fresh. Everything is fresh. Cajun egg rolls are yummy. $2 kabobs delicious. And, the fried rice is amazing. Love this place.
4	Simple, low key sushi. I enjoy it.
1	I ordered Chirashi Sushi at this restaurant and totally disappointed.  It was not even close to what it suppose to be.  If all Sushi 101 serves Chirashi Sushi this way then franchise owners should do something about it,  its so wrong. If your customer didn't even eat more than 2 bites,don't you wanna ask what was wrong???.  Green Tea was over priced for just a tea bag!  There is no japanese sushi chef there, which I find most of Japanese restaurants in Charlotte have no Japanese chefs.  I am Japanese and I guess I just make/cook at home. Oh Miso Soup was good by the way.
2	This is probably some of the worse sushi in South Charlotte.  The food smelled extremely fishy, not what I would expect from fresh sushi, and tasted "off".  The service was ok, a little slow based on how busy they were.  There are certainly better options for sushi, or Asian cuisine.  I won't be back.
5	Bottom Line:  Good sushi and friendly service. The waitress even saw that we had a citipass coupon and took it off our bill without us even asking!This was a great place to go for a quick bite of Sushi for my wife and I with our 1 year old in tow.  This is of course not a fancy restaurant or "fine cuisine."  But the service was great and I would recommend to anybody who wants some reasonably priced tasty Sushi and doesn't have a lot of time.  Probably the most impressive thing for me was that Lee Ann, our waitress, noticed that we had a citipass coupon sitting on the table and took it off our bill before she even brought it to us.  This never happens anywhere and I greatly appreciated it.
3	This restaurant has always been the safe go-to sushi restaurant for us. The fish is fresh, but not the freshness. The roll selection is ok but not fantastic. There isn't a lot of creativity here with the selection. All that said, its a staple to us and we will always continue to go to the restaurant. it's also worth noting that it is a very family friendly restaurant.
4	Great drink specials, pretty ok sushi....This is not what you expect with sushi is in the name of the restaurant.  I liked my tempura shrimp roll but experimented with 2 new ones named for places in Charlotte and was disappointed.  The calamari was yummy though!  Also the main dishes like shrimp with broccoli  and lo mein that other tables odered looked really good as well.  So moral of the story ...be careful about what kind of sushi you order at sushi 101?
4	It's great basic sushi place.  I've been close to 20 times over several years.  My biggest complaint is that it can be a bit inconsistent.  Sometimes the fish is fresher than others.  Cooked items may be over cooked sometimes.  You have to try the tuna maki 101.  Spring roles are great too.
4	Service a little slow, but love the lettuce wraps!! The fried California roll is a delight! It is a warm, creamy sushi. I love the spider roll too! The voo doo roll is Very spicy!!! It is a tiny little place, decor is blah. But love the food! It is a nice place to have lunch and socialize. There is nice seating ourside where I saw several people with their dogs, a few doors down has water bowls for dogs.
5	I've been here probably 20 times. I LOVE Sushi 101 because:1. It's so low key- very family friendly2. The service has always been good- attentive, but not pestering3. The quality is good. I've tried almost every sashimi and roll on the menu, and have never been disappointed with the quality of anything. Obviously there are things I like less, but that's just preference, not quality.4. The selection is good! I mean, if you're a sushi snob, you might not think so, but I just want fresh, good tasting fish and rolls. Also, I love their red pepper appetizer- SO good.5. It's reasonably priced! I love that I can gorge myself on fresh sushi for a reasonable amount of money! I've been to plenty of other sushi restaurants across America (and in Charlotte) where I've paid double or triple for the same amount and quality of food- and have come to realize that I was paying for fancy decor, not better quality or bigger portion size.Look, it's not a fancy date night. It's a low-key, strip-mall ambiance.If I have one complaint, it's that they only serve sodas in a can, so I can end up spending more on Diet Coke than I do for one of the less expensive rolls! I wish they'd get a soda fountain instead.
3	I'm definitely not a sushi fanatic but I do enjoy it occasionally. I've been here a hand full of times. Always liked it. Met my daughter for dinner tonight. The place was packed yet still got a table right away. We ordered the spider roll, spicy tuna and one other (can't think of the name, my daughter ordered it). Two issues tonight, 1st - there just wasn't a lot of flavor in the spicy tuna roll. No little kick in the sauce. And 2nd, and more importantly, it seemed that the rolls are getting smaller. The spider roll had 5 pieces. I swore it had more the last few times I've order it.  It was still very good. For the money spent ($30 bucks w/ tip) I'd like to walk away feeling a little more satisfied (full).
5	This is one of the most consistent Sushi restaurants in Charlotte for the money. Every now and then I will get some tuna that isn't as fresh as it could be. They have some creative rolls and good appetizer selections. The Tuna Tataki is a great starter. Service is usually attentive and efficient.  The Salmon (sashimi or nigiri) is usually very fresh tasting. Great spot to satisfy the everyday Sushi craving.
5	Love this place. Wonderful menu. Eclectic atmosphere. Much of the staff has been there for years.
3	Always a fan of sushi, but the Sunday crew could have been the "B" team that we experienced.  Even though it was a Sunday (early) around 5 or 6pm, we waited for a table and service was super slow.  Good thing we had the time to kill and our server was nice enough.  There was some confusion of how to split the check and she seemed to take forever with sliding our plastic forms of payment....  (only because she was correcting the splitting of the checks which was nice).Overall, it's a solid place to get sushi if you are in the area.  I would not go out of my way to go to this Sushi 101.  It's a bit tight with the receiving area right when you open the door - makes it a little awkward if you are waiting for a table.Personally I am a fan of the life-sized portrait of Gwen Stafani in the Sushi101 off of Park Rd and Woodlawn... but this one has some local art and R2D2 on the walls.Parking can get a bit crazy since the traffic flow around the restaurant is rather odd and the spaces are angled.A big plus is that Yoforia is right next door so it makes for a short stroll for dessert.
4	One of my biggest complaints when I moved to Charlotte was the sushi situation. I mean, deep fried sushi? What the heck? I'm no purist, because I do love to experiment and try new flavors. But dropping a roll of perfectly-rolled sushi into a deep fryer is blasphemy, in my opinion. So... for this reason, I was hesitant to try Sushi 101 because I feared it would be another trendy sushi spot (I avoided any place with deep friend sushi for that reason). Anyway, our usual sushi spot was going through some management changes and the menu changed, so we had to branch out and try new places. My family is pretty predictable. The 9-year old boy loves ramen noodle soup with chicken and no veggies. The hubby loves sushi and ramen noodle soup with all the veggies they can fit in the bowl. I skip the soup and just eat sashimi and maybe a hand roll or two, a ginger salad or some edamame.We found Sushi 101 to be a really pleasant surprise! As you can imagine, we skipped the deep fried sushi (and now, I will step off the soap box)...Their noodle dishes are wonderful. I love how you basically build your dish. Pick your starch (noodle choices include udon, buckwheat, glass noodles and ramen... or rice), then your protein, then your "style". They can make it into soup, a stir-fry or even a "don" style which is over rice. LOVE this format!The sushi menu is extensive and satisfying to any sushi lover. For the purists, you can get a lovely sashimi. The fish is fresh and expertly prepared. Their presentation, even for the simplest of items, is lovely. The nigiri sushi rolls are great, and the portions are great for one, or to share (if you order a few). My only complaint is that there's just a little too much rice on the nigiri, but that's no biggie. I am in love with their Half Moon, which is a lightly broiled scallop concoction, it just melts in your mouth and leaves you begging for more!They do have a full bar, wine list (not extensive), sake and Japanese and domestic beers. The sodas are served in cans, which I've always found to be a little strange, but, again, no biggie. Just different.All in all, we love the service, the location and the menu. The food never disappoints, and this is now one of our regular sushi spots. It's best at lunch time, because you can get in and out in less than 45 mins!
4	Checked into this place with a BOGO coupon (thanks Citipass!) for lunch one day with the beau and to my shock and happiness, everything was pretty good! Our server was a little lacking, but the sushi rolls we partook in (Cali, Philly, Rock&Roll) were fresh, huge and rolled really well.I had the chicken hibachi and the manpiece had the salmon. We were shocked at how much food was on the plate (it's good warmed up, true story!) and really pleased with the taste and quality. The salmon is definitely worth having each time you go - it's got a glaze that is spot on!The bill came to $40 after coupon and with so much food, that's totally cool in my book. Not a quick, cheap lunch place but a really nice place to pop into after exploring the shops in The Promenade!
4	The sushi we got from here was pretty good--probably my favorite sushi spot we've been to since moving to Charlotte.  The rolls were fresh and tasty.  The salad was ok-it was kind of watery and there wasn't enough dressing for it, but it was still good.  There are a decent amount of options for sushi and noodle dishes.
3	Good variety on the menu (at least as far as non-traditional rolls go ... the deep fried stuff, the gajillion combinations, etc).  Came at a strange time (end of lunch) and service was good.  Sushi was not bad, but not great.I would say this came across as a reasonable sushi option ... I doubt you'll go truly wrong here, but there are better to be found in South Charlotte.
4	I always go to the Sushi 101 at the Promenade off Ballantyne Parkway on Friday or Saturday nights in the summer when there is live music. If you can't sit on their outdoor patio, get it to go, bring a blanket and have a picnic. I did however, come here on a Sunday night last week and found it super relaxing. It was a gorgeous night and it was very quiet. We sat on the patio and very much enjoyed an evening of good sushi. I was suprised to see they now have noodles on their menu. Maybe they've always had noodles and I've never seen them before. I ordered the ramen noodles with mushrooms and veggies in broth. It was very good however I felt the sodium level hours later when my body began to puff from the salt. I also ordered my favorite sushi rolls, the professor vu and the pandhandle. Both tasty as ever. Great chocie for cheap sushi.
1	Can u say overpriced?
3	Would give this 3.5 stars. Came for lunch. Food came out on-time, but not promptly. Good value. I got the sushi roll. Atmosphere lacking a bit, but it's a solid go-to place for decent Asian food.
5	Sushi 101, Promenade has been a regular on our '3 mile radius' dinner options since it opened. Their sushi is always fresh, the staff is always helpful and friendly. The entrees and noodle dishes, all of which we have tried at one time or another are all delicious and fresh. The staff has a long tenure and all of them have been a lot of fun to get to know. For those not familiar with sushi, there are the stepping stone partially or fully cooked options and the best fried rice I've had in Charlotte. The duck dish is to die for. We always see a lot of families and regulars when we go there, which is at least 3 times a month. i can't say anything negative about the service or food or  atmosphere.
3	Good noodles.  Average to poor sushi.  Sushi was mostly rice, small and not too much flavor.
1	Why is the table sticky? And why are they closed for lunch they said except for a take out? Then customers are sitting inside? Is this a special group? Watched the sushi "master" did they learn from a infomercial?   ... Perfect location for a Sushi place if this was one.. One question "Sushi" 101   why did you cook the seaweed with bacon grease? Have you been watching the ex queen paula deen? I feel sick..
2	I've tried this place three times now. Sorry, but there won't be a fourth. Hard to understand the menu. We love fun rolls. I think pictures would help. The food is just not good. Maybe a smaller menu with great items would help this place. I dunno. Ambiance is eh. Doesn't feel very Japanese or anything really.
2	Meh! Our 4 rolls tasted like something you get from Harris Teeter after its been sitting out for a while.
1	Horrible. I don't even see how you people can think its good? I had once piece of California maki and almost puked. Their soups have no flavor and over priced one word horrid!
4	I have to admit, this restaurant is too small, too loud and not very nice, but the food is DELICIOUS. Their sushi tastes so fresh and their yakitori skewers are mouth-watering. They have a great menu with many different choices so everyone in your party is bound to find something they would like to order. I don't go here that often because I don't like being so close to the tables around me, but when I'm looking to save some money while not sacrificing quality, this is my go-to.
4	The staff has always been really nice and helpful. Everytime I sit down the sushi chef Louis comes to greet me. The server took the time to offer suggestions of which sushi to try. Overall a fun and flavourful culinary adventure.
2	The only reason this place gets 2 stars is because the very first time I went there, the sashimi was the best I'd ever had. I've been twice since then and last night was the last straw. My guess is that they've changed management or ownership. The hostess wiped down the table in front of us by spraying the cleaning solution on the table, without even bothering to move the soy sauce and sriracha bottles out of the way. When she seated us, the table was sopping wet and still very sticky. Then came the food. It was a group of five of us and among the orders were yaki somen with grilled shrimp, three sashimi platters, a combination sushi platter, and a bowl of chirashi. After waiting 30 minutes for our food, the noodles were the highlight of the meal. The sashimi was warm (as usual), and the chirashi was the saddest I've ever seen. It was a gigantic bowl of rice with nine measley slices of warm fish and three slices of cucumbers. I'm a huge fan of chirashi and try to order it at every sushi restaurant I go to, in order to find the best. This was the worst. A simple tip to them: close the doors to the sushi refrigerators after you've taken out the portion you need. Doing this one simple thing will keep your fish much colder. Or serve it over ice. Although, serving it over ice would probably result in the fish swimming in a pool of water by the time it got to the customers, since they are so slow.
