5	The fear that everyone usually has, going to the dentist.  Whether its getting teeth removed, braces, retainer, fillings, or simple cleaning.  It just feels so unnatural for the teeth to go the utter shock of equipment.  Throughout my life, I have had all those procedures with great dentists, bad dentists, and some good ones.  Dr. Liu is one of the best because of his concept of patient care.  He puts you at such ease because by asking if you want to listen to particular music, watch TV, or gets other ways to sidetrack you.  He works very carefully with all his patients.  He even calls you at night to see how you are doing.  In addition, Dr. Liu is a great basketball player on the courts and a good family man!
5	Great dentist.  Explains everything as he goes. No pain. Definitely would recommend.
5	Dr. Liu is easily the best dentist that I have ever had. From his knowledge of dentistry to his approach to patient care, everything he does he does to the highest degree. One thing he said that really put me at ease and helped me realize this was, "if you have any pain, then I haven't done my job."Dr. Liu will literally walk you through your oral history and offer suggestions and helpful hints about your oral health. I feel like I just walked out of a dentistry conference after visiting Dr. Liu. I am confident anyone who visits him will leave infinitely more knowledgeable of their own oral health. For once, I am looking forward to going back to the dentist!
5	Let me just say, I love Dr. Liu!  The staff is amazing.  My teeth have never been this clean before and they needed a lot of TLC.  I felt no pain after having a crown put in and that says a lot.  I went in because I had a tooth crack and with the fillings I have that is bound to happen.  He has taught me so much about dental care and what I can do to keep my teeth at their best.  I was at ease in dental chair.  He's very patient with his patients and if you feel uncomfortable about anything he will wait until you are ready.  I drive a distant to see him as his office is in Scottsdale and I live in Mesa, well worth the drive.  If you are looking for the best dentist around Phoenix look no further than Dr. Liu and his staff.
5	I hadn't been to the dentist in some time so I was a bit apprehensive about the visit. Having needed some real work done to get back on track Dr. Liu clearly explained everything he was doing and what I needed to work on in a way that made me motivated to work on my oral health. He is very friendly but will let you know what you need to be doing- and for me, this is the best approach a dentist should have.I left the visit being genuinely impressed by not only his knowledge, but also his positive attitude. What really sold me on Dr. Liu, was the phone call he made later in the afternoon to make sure I was feeling ok after my visit; proof for me that he is a stand up guy, looking to help his patients.
5	Dr. Liu and his staff make going to the dentist easy and stress free. I've never had much of an "issue" with visiting the dentist; however I am new to Arizona and had to find all new doctors. I knew from my first visit that I wasn't going to have to find another dentist. After my first cleaning, I had to do a follow up to fill a cavity. It was so painless and easy, I even fell asleep a few times throughout the process. I'd recommend Dr. Liu to anyone who needs a new dentist in the Phoenix, Scottsdale or Tempe area.
5	Always a great experience when I go in. Great staff and environment! Highly recommend!
5	For years after moving to AZ, I would still travel back home just to see my dentist due to some unfortunate experiences w dentists in the valley.  After 9 years, I decided to find someone local, permanently. Dr. Liu is by far one of the best. He is extremely meticulous, caring and very good at what he does. I've had more than a handful of fillings done by him, and every single one has been as pleasurable as an appointment to a dentist can be. Not only is he a great dentist, but a good business man, who understands customer service and honesty.  I would strongly recommend him!
5	Dr. Liu and his staff are amazing!!  They are very courteous, professional, and do an outstanding job. Unlike most other dentist, Dr. Liu does the cleaning himself. He is very meticulous and it gives you a piece of mind that you are getting quality attention. He is extremely knowledgeable, gives you a straight assessment of the situation, and provides choices for the best results. Also, what I love about the office is that the whole staff work so well with each other and have an amazing sense of humor!
5	Dr. Liu and his staff are so kind and knowledgable. I despise going to the dentist but his calm demeanor helped me tremendously! I hadn't been to the dentist in 4 years but found him through my husband. He does a fantastic first-time exam (even though it's 90 min!) to get as much info as he can on your teeth and makes some quality recommendations. Then they do a cleaning which you can schedule a different day to break it up. I highly recommend him!
5	Great Dentist, Mr Liu is awesome and i would recommend anybody in the Scottsdale area to check him out, i havent been to the dentist in long time and he most definaly was great with service and a firm handshake. I like him and i finally have a dentist. i had to wait 3 weeks for an appointment with him and i see why. Check him out great job Mr Liu thanks..........
5	Dr. Liu and his staff are a revelation.The thorough and efficient work by Dr. Liu along with the fantastic customer upkeep through the staff (as well as the general charm and comfort all around) makes this dentistry practice one for the books. These guys are truly a practice that could render dentophobia extinct.Moving forward, I look forward to seeing Patrick & company. It doesn't matter if its cleanings, fillings, or root canals because you will have a great time and will be clamoring for more oral hygiene!
5	After 7 year Active Duty Air Force I have had more then a few dentists in that time.  Now, separated from AD service, I have luckily stumbled upon Dr. Liu as my new permanent dentist.  I've got nothing but positive feed back for him and his staff.  Everyone is extremely nice; they treat you as if you are family. Yesterday I came in to replace a filling on a chipped front right tooth(very hard to get just right), this was the fourth time I've had this filling replaced, but the first time by Dr. Liu.  The procedure took longer then I hoped(no one's ever truly happy to be in "the chair") but, the long wait was more then worth it.  My tooth now looks amazing!  This was the best job anyone has ever done rebuilding it.  The best part, as requested Dr. Liu made sure to make it as close to the original as possible, so much so, my high end custom mouth guard for Jiu Jitsu still fits great!  I recommend anyone to go see Dr. Liu.
