1	Having lived in Chicago for the last three years, I've totally become accustomed to the awesomeness of H&M. That's why I was so excited when I found out an H&M opened in Las Vegas right as I was considering moving back to Ye Olde Hometown.Unfortunately, this H&M is the WORST H&M I HAVE BEEN IN.Crammed into a tiny storefront in the mall, H&M has jettisoned its superior high fashion lines, the business clothes, the children's section, and the lingerie. All that remains of H&M is the stereotypical Junior's section, and I saw nothing below a size ten. It's H&M dumbed down to Charlotte Russe. I've heard there's a much better H&M a few blocks down on LVB, but if you're the true H&M aficionado, stay away from this one.
4	H & M virgin here. So, my first time was good. Therefore, I have nothing to compare to. I have not visited the SF store (although I am told it's a must) and I also still have not made it to "The Row" since they opened one there. I don't know anything about this Chicago location others speak of. But, now that I know what I have been missing, I'll have to continue to get off on this place wherever I can find it. So for now, my first time was a 4-star visit. I found a whole bunch of stuff I liked, tried it on, had to swap some sizes,and put a few things back that didn't fit well or weren't in stock in a size to fit me. Other than that, I was satisfied with my 4 item purchase for under $70. And just for comparison; considering this was Vegas after all, I spent $75 at a Blackjack table and walked away with nothing for doing that - not even a free drink! Oh, the price for entertainment. I guess you can't really compare in that case. But every time I put on my cute little H&M items a smile creeps across my face as I am reminded of my first time. Some things you can't really put a price on.
1	This H&M totally sucks.First of all, we had a hard time getting to this place.  I'm sure that it's because I'm in unfamiliar territory, but if I spot a store from the freeway, I should be able to just take the next exit and backtrack, right? NO.  We were doing donuts around this center.  There wasn't an intuitive way to get to the mall where this was located.  Doing circles in the desert and ending up in the Mandalay Bay loading dock is not fun.The layout is poor and they only have one sales rack? ONE.  Not all H&Ms carry the same lines and they seemed to carry all the lame ones.  Blech.  I'll just wait till I go back home and go to the ones in SOHO.
2	We don't have H&M in Phoenix, so I have to get my fix when I travel somewhere where there is a store. I decided to make a quick trip down to the H&M store at the Miracle Mile shops since I was staying in the Planet Hollywood hotel. Thank goodness I didn't have to go far because it was a really unimpressive store.To start, it's not that big. Second, the selection is incredibly lacking. Except for what I bought, most everything was not cute. Third, where were the summer dresses??? All I saw were shirts, shirts, and more shirts. I saw one...yes one...summer dress in the whole store and it was hideous. Fourth, what store doesn't take American Express??? When the cashier told me they didn't accept AmEx, I was stunned. I mean, I know AmEx has high fees, but I think it's the first store in three years that I have been in that doesn't take it. Fifth, the layout sucks. I appreciate that it was a clean store (I had visions that it would resemble Old Navy...picked over and messy), but the merchandise selection was disappointing. It's a 1.5 star H&M, but I'm rounding up to two since I walked away with three cute shirts. If you need your H&M fix while in Vegas, go to the one down the street.
2	What kind of men's section is that?! By far one of the crappiest H&M's I've been to. Sure, you can appreciate the convenience of it being in the middle of the Strip, but if you can, go south of the Strip and hit up the Town Square location where the selection is waaaaay better. The men's section is roughly 1/8th of the store. To get an idea, it takes about 10 steps or less to get from one end of the men's section to the other.I guess from the other reviews that the women's selection sucks as well. This store isn't that big either. If you need emergency club attire, I guess this place works if Fashion Show Mall is too far. Keep the tag on and return it later. Waste of space.
3	Though my non-city dwelling girlfriends were excited to visit the H&M in the Miracle Mile shops at Planet Hollywood, I was rather disappointed to see that the Gap took up more square footage here. Used to massive, multi-level H&M's I almost passed the opportunity to mine for cheap clothes. I needed an outfit for that night with the requirement that it be ridiculous-looking and cheap and so I pressed on.With H&M looks are certainly deceiving - I ended up surprised that they fit SO MUCH into such a small space. I've certainly found MORE to look at at larger H&M's but the smaller space afforded more organization (read: no hunting around for your size in a dress that you found randomly on a rack) and, I suppose, more efficient shopping. I found a ridiculous zebra-print dress to wear rather quickly and the salespeople - helpful once you tracked them down - got me in and out the door.
2	An okay location with an entire section missing: Men's Suits.  While most locations have everything from trendy to casual to business wear available, this location does omit the section with suits, trousers and dress shirts.  Obviously this is not a flagship location, but it's still weird to not see any business clothing at all.
2	Definitely a waste of your time.  Unless you're shopping for some emergency undergarments because you exhausted the supply you had brought from home.If you're over 23, you probably will not find anything in the Men's section that would suit your needs.  All the selections are on the bright and striped side.  However, if you're into Bert & Ernie or the Incredible Hulk, you may find a Cardigan or t-shirt with your name on it.Seriously, you're joking right...
2	Really small selection for an H&M store. I would call it H&M express or something. It's about 1/8 the size of normal H&Ms.  I was however fortunate to find a shirt to wear that night because I didn't like the one I brought from home.
1	Allow me to preface this review with a statement: I LOVE H&M.I've been to H&M in Milan, London, Amsterdam, Hong Kong, NYC, Boston, all over California, etc.. and have always found at least 3 things I adored.So when my best friend from Jakarta visited Las Vegas for the first time in 15 years and asked me to take her to H&M, I looked up the closest one to the Encore and planned a trip.Not only did it take us FOREVER to find it once we were in Miracle Mile, but for the first time ever.. I was appalled. I couldn't find a single thing I liked. They carry junk - what I imagine would be left over in a regular H&M store if they were to host a 95% off sale.What a waste of time.
1	Oh my god, why do I even go here anymore??This place is a hellhole. I went in with a friend around 7 PM on a Sunday so she could look for work clothes. This location has a very limited selection, RIDICULOUSLY loud music, and the associates just do not care or are complete ninjas and you need a private investigator to find someone to help you. After we both tried on some clothes in the fitting room that was run by a disgruntled girl who did not seem to want to be there (and who would WANT to be there!?), we ended up hating what we tried on and almost left, but a small makeup kit caught my friend's eye. We went to the counter to check out, and NO ONE was there. We looked around with doe eyes at the counter for two minutes before she said to forget it and we left. Not being a huge fan of H&M in the first place, this particular visit heavily turned me off to the brand and especially that location. I would rather wade through the human car wash that is the Forever 21 at the Fashion Show Mall than show my face in here again. Absolutely abominable. Run far, far away.
4	Bumping the stars up. My last trip to Vegas they had $8 fedora hats :)  Nuff said.
4	needs more stuff!   & it was kind of a mess when i was in there...
2	Every time I think of h&m it brings butterflies to my stomach... I love - love H&M!  I have been in maybe two or three locations in northern California so coming across THE ITTIE BITTIE h&m in Vegas was a huge downer.. Place was a quarter of the size as the one in Roseville Gallery in Rocklin, CA!  Come, we are talking about comparing a valley to a city!  Location is great- size is beyond small... :(Limited selection.......
3	I so adore H&M...and we dont have one in Hawaii so I always make it a point to find one nearby when I travel since they refuse to open an online shop. This particular location is a part of the Miracle Mile shops in Planet Hollywood. As soon as we arrived I checked the directory and headed straight over only to be completely let down. Like others have said, this place is really small. I feel like it would be better placed in one of the outlet malls outside of the strip. I still give it 3 stars because I do love H&M and I managed to find a few things I love anyway. But still, I was hoping to do some major H&M damage. I wish I had enough time to check out the other Vegas location.
1	I really love H&M but this one is the worst. It's in Planet Hollywood Hotel at Miracle Mile. All the clothes are targeted to teens - lots of hot pink and nylon ala Madonna in the '80s gloves. Though H&M is normally suited for the younger crowd, this one just felt more like the kids section. It's small and the selection is terrible. Supposedly the H&M at Caesar's Palace will be the flagship store in LV - it wasn't opened yet when I went last week. Should be open by the end of Nov 2010 - save yourself for that one.
2	This was my first experience going to an H&M and I wasn't impressed. My friend and I didn't find anything that we haven't seen anywhere else. It was similar to a forever 21.
2	Unfortunately most people are right on their review of this shop. I'm not sure why but it seems like a lot of shops at miracle mile are lacking inventory. This H&M has nothing on their other store that's just a mile and a half away at the big outdoor mall so save yourself the hassle and just go to that other mall, you'll find more and if it's a good day outside you'll have a better time anyway.
3	I wasn't in this H&M for too long, but I did manage to take a quick glance around. This H&M is nothing out of the ordinary. It seems to carry a fair amount of clothes, and is the same in size compared to other H&M's that I've been to before. What I would have liked to see though more people working the cashiers. I had to wait quite a while to buy my one item. Also, while i was waiting I noticed that the cashiers were quite talkative with one another, rather than concentrating on the customer.
2	Their selection of guys stuff suck here, on the other hand, girls gets more selections. i just don't get it. ill stick to southern California stores.
1	This store is just super nasty! An employee just handed me a garment that's not even an item for sale in the store and made me try it on. It was a garment left there by some alleged "shoplifter.." so disgusting. Afterwards, a manager "martin" claims it happens all the time... So, what the heck!? Ever heard of security? Lack of attention and poor customer service is NOT AN EXCUSE! customers beware! The employees here will let you try on garments and let you know afterwards that it's not even for sale in their store after all.
3	Is this really an H&M store? Because I thought I was at the "Dollar Tree"...Why the hell ain't any of the workers picking up all the merchandise that the drunk tourists threw on the ground?  Who actually even works here? No one has name tags or anything that resembles a uniform. How the F**K are you supposed to ask for help when you don't even know what a worker is supposed to look like at this joint?The selection here is very limited but unlike what many reviews say, I didn't think the customer service was any worse than the other H&Ms I have been too. I was practically a regular customer at the H&M at the Beverly Center and they also had very bad customer service. Also, the location at the Forum Shops at Caesars has "creepy service" as I mentioned in a previous review. Bad or Odd service is a very common thing you will experience at an H&M store. A good example would be; my best friend  who was born and raised in North Norway and lives very close to the border of Sweden (As we all should know, H&M is a Swedish company). Norwegians don't find H&M to be anything special like us Americans do. In Norway, H&M is in every mall, and every shopping center. To them shopping at an H&M is like how shopping at a Walmart is to us. But, the notable thing that all my Norsk friends tell me is that the H&M stores even in Scandinavia have very rude and snotty workers. The service at the Miracle Mile location was not nearly as bad as the other locations. As I sit here right now, I have 5 cards from a deck of playing cards(Ace thru 5). I am gonna pick a card randomly and whatever number I pick will be the star-rating that this location gets. Even though I dislike this location it might actually get 5-stars. ...I have chosen 3-stars.
2	Too bad this store doesn't have a children's section.
2	This is just another store at the Miracle Mile Shops that employs lazy people that aren't earning their paycheck. I stopped in on a weekday afternoon, just browsing. The same inconsiderate employee got in my way multiple times when I was trying to browse. After she moved a cart of accessories to within 2 feet of where I was standing, blocking the items I was about to look at, I decided that shopping at H&M wasn't worth the frusteration and I took my business elsewhere.
2	SooOO yeah not sure who works here, except the people behind the counter. The clothing was everywhere and no one seemed to care. I was still able to find something I liked and purchased. But Man bring your gear when you are up in here. I mean you are on your own in here dont expect to receive help. LOL survival shopping if you will.
2	I have to agree with all the other reviewers here, but this H&M location is TINY compared to its other multi-story locations.  Apparently they only sell "juniors" clothes at this location, instead of men's, women's, junior's, and children.Coming from Hawaii and not having a H&M location in my city, I still found a few things to buy here.  However, I found that there are less amounts of sizes in stock (it was rare for me to stumble upon the smaller sizes), the clothes on the racks were a bit more messy-looking (the store in general just looked a bit more messy than usual), and the employees seemed a little less willing to help.  The next day after visiting this location, I went to the one in Caesars and found a LOT more things to buy.  Eeesh my poor wallet.Bottom line:  Convenient to come to if you're already in Planet Hollywood or the Miracle Mile Shops.  However, if you're looking for a real H&M experience, you're better off going to the one in Caesar's Shops.p.s. I heard that you get a discount (10%?) if you show the cashier your Total Rewards card.  I forgot to do this though so I can't confirm it to be true!  Worth checking it out!
2	I enjoy shopping at H&M because of the clothes selection. You can find some really cute clothes at great deals.Why the 2 stars? Horrible, horrible customer service.
3	It's a decently good sized store with lots of cheap stuff that is almost fashionable.  There were lots of people in the store and people buying quite a bit of clothes.  Not certain why I ended up dropping dough but somehow I felt like I just needed to have something new to carry around and bring home I guess.
2	Didn't have much luck here - I prefer the Forum Shops location over this one.  I didn't find one thing to buy.Luckily, we did find time to hit the Forum Shops where I scored stuff for myself, birthday gifts for friends, and super cute baby clothes for my friend's daughter whose first birthday party was coming up!  AAAAAND they had a great 4th of July sale going on too!!So yeah, not coming back to this location!
4	I think this is my new favorite H&M store! I have never been to an H&M like this one before. Tri level everything was very reasonably priced and having my $10 WRAPP ap gift card made it even better. Loved the variety, the music was cool too and plenty of stock. it was an entertaining experience.
2	Ok, the selection is amazing.  But, after the nightmare of shopping on Black Friday last year (I had a certificate that I could only use that weekend, so had no choice), this time I planned.  This was last weekend.  I stared shopping at 10:40 in the morning.  Hardly anyone was there.  Merchandise was organized.  Not a single shopping bag to be found!  I found everything I needed.  Somehow, 4 items!! FOUR OF THEM!  Since I was using a gift certificate, I couldn't return or exchange items, so I didn't keep the receipt (that I know of).  One of these items was a gift:-(  Somehow, this didn't happen during the Black Friday from hell with tons of people.  Also, they let people bring their alcohol in there.  Bad idea.  Saw a girl go up the escalator the wrong way...WTF??!!  It was not a stressful morning.This was at the Forum Shops.Forever 21 would NEVER let this happen!
1	Horrible customer service. The only reasons I gave 1 star are a) you can't give 0 stars and b) there was one nice young man wearing glasses who asked me if I needed anything *note: he was the only associate to speak to me the entire 45 min I was shopping* First, there was no delineated place to stand in line (that I saw) so people were lined up in front of both registers. One of the cashiers told us "there's only one line" - well, it would probably help if you told us where it was instead of rolling your eyes like all of us can read your mind, esp with a huge rounder in the middle of the two registers. Secondly, they act like you are inconveniencing them by having them ring up your purchases. Having managed a teen/young adult clothing store myself, I saw that there was a growing line so I took my items off the hangars to help speed along my checkout. The cashier, Michelle, just grabs the clothes, scans the tags, balls them up and stuff them in a bag after I pay. No "thank you" or "come again" after she hands me my change & bag of rumpled clothes. Last I checked, retail stores stayed in business by actually selling their merchandise *gasp*  I don't expect undying gratitude just bc I purchased $100 worth of clothes but you are in CUSTOMER service - at least learn how to fake the funk. If you don't like your job, I suggest you quit and find another one where you work in a windowless cubicle and don't interact with people. I will never visit this H&M again.
2	This is probably one of the most disappointing h&m locations I've visited... Located in the Miracle Mile Shops of Planet Hollywood, it is about the same size as most small-town mall venues. The pictures posted for this location are inaccurate, and are of the 3 story location inside Caesar's Palace Forum Shops.This location has a dingy cramped feel. The selection is mediocre, and manages well for such a small location. However, this comes at the cost of racks being right against each other and displays haphazardly arranged.If you want to shop H&M in Vegas, go to the Forum Shops in Caesar's Palace for the 3-story crown jewel; they have a better selection, more featured and new items, and more items on sale/clearance.
1	This has to be one of the worst experiences I've ever had at any retail store! None of the sales associates spoke to myself nor my friend. And 1 person followed us around with a pile of clothes in her hand as if she were putting them away. Then I was trying on a jacket and set my nice leather *insert designer name here* moto jacket. The sales associate walks up behind me and picks my jacket up and I said, "sir that's my jacket" he inspects it and looks at the label as if I were lying! I was mortified! I have never been so insulted in my life. I felt like we were being profiled and the lengths they went to humiliate me was unreal. Hey H&M employees you make maybe $10-11 hr. Relax! No one wants to steal from your establishment. And maybe if you all weren't walking around with "resting bitch face" you would probably sell more product. You probably should put more effort into tidying up the store. Everything looked sloppy and in complete disarray.
1	Go to any H&M except this one on the strip! They basically denied our discount coupon because we had it on our phone from an App they didn't like! The coupon was the same exact one that they send out in their newsletter, but a copy of. There's no bar code associated with the coupon just a code number, but they were too lazy to add it to our purchase and said that they couldn't type it in. Even though their same exact coupon says that it was eligible for online AND in-store purchases in all US States! Go to South Outlet or Galleria Mall!
5	You can never go wrong shopping here. The clothes are great and the prices are fab. Sometimes it's better to wait till they go one sale then you get a better value for what you pay for :)
3	Our experience at this H&M was clearly much better than the vast majority of reviewers, but it wasn't exemplary. The staff here weren't rude or "nasty", but rather they were like non-entities: not really present. Bland. Didn't really talk to us or look at us. Kinda like Stepford Wife employees. This store is much smaller than most H&M stores, but it's equally cluttered, with merchandise put on the wrong racks and shelves throughout. But since we were shopping for my teen daughter, there still was a lot of clothing to see, and it all seems to cater to her demographic (young, trendy, small sizes primarily). She easily found a few items that fit her and she liked. When I paid up at the cash, the clerk behind the counter barely said a word to us. Oh well, the kid found some stuff she liked, that fit, and the prices were super-super low. I can't really complain.
