4	After a day of antique browsing in Downtown Glendale, La Perla Cafe is the perfect stop-off for bite to eat and a refreshing drink. This Mexican caf has been here for practically forever (60+ years if I remember correctly). Some folks I know like it so much they will drive all the way from Gilbert to East LA -- oops, I mean Glendale -- just to eat the enchiladas here. I didn't find it quite THAT impressive, but if you live on this side of town or are in the area, it's definitely a first choice for Mexican food. La Perla is set up with two different dining areas, one the cantina and one the sit-down restaurant. Diners in the cantina seem to get a bit more, well, enthusiastic. OK, I'll just say it-- drunk. But since there is a brick wall between the two rooms, the ambiance was pretty sedate on our side and we could speak in our normal voices and be heard. There was also a Mariachi band playing (live music is on Th., Fri. and Sat. nights), which added to the south-of-the-border flavor and was a pleasant background acoustic.
2	I had a hard time giving this place even two stars. I know La Perla has been in Glendale for 60 years or so, and I sure as hell don't know why! I ordered the Chicken Mole and this was by far the worst mole I have ever had. It was very thin, and a light brown. The flavor nor the consistency were even close. The chicken was on the bone, and the fatty skin was still on. The rice was OK, but the beans tasted like they came straight out of can. The one, somewhat redeeming factor of my meal was the tortilla. It was pretty good, but still a little dry.My mom ordered a combination plate with a shredded beef enchilada with green chile sauce, a red tamale, and a ground beef taco. The enchilada was actually good, and definitely the best thing we had there. The tamale was decent. The taco was terrible, whatever they call ground beef seemed to be some sort of unrecognizable mush. Most closely related to dog food. Shit, I don't think I would even feed it to my dog. Overall, this was a disappointing experience. I cannot recommend La Perla. Its too bad Lily's closed down. It was by far the best Mexican food in the Downtown Glendale area (as far as I know.)
5	La Perla is that rarest of wonders--a terrific mom-and-pop restaurant that is still owned and operated by the Pompa family after 60 years. They've expanded the building at least three times since 1948 to keep up with demand, and the parking lot is almost always full. It's a testament to their great food, fun atmosphere and friendly service. For overall experience, this is the best Mexican place in Phoenix. You can quibble about the tiny details--maybe the beans or tortillas are a little better at Carolina's--but if you're looking for the authentic Southwestern Mexican restaurant experience the way it used to be, La Perla is a must. Your chips (always fresh and crispy) come to the table with three amazingly flavorful salsas, their old-school cheese crisps are to die for,  and those cheese enchiladas...mmm. I should really have my cholesterol checked. Their margaritas are dynamite (and potent). Writing this review is actually making me a little hungry. Downsides? Well, like I said, this place has been there for 60 years. By some standards it could be viewed as a dive. Personally, I find that a plus, but if you prefer your restaurants all frou-frou and "Fresh Mex" with brand-new booths and upscale beige yuppie stucco decor, you'll want to go to Manuel's or something. Some of the older La Perla booths have got springs from a 1948 Studebaker concealed in 'em, so prepare to bounce.  And prepare to leave full and happy. This is the real deal.
4	La Perla is one of the oldest Mexican restaurants in Glendale! Now having eaten this food for a long time this is where i wish i could give half stars. Some of the food has changed and prices have gone up so i would lean more towards a three and a half rating. Yet this should not put you off its still one of the best Mexican restaurants in Glendale. Its real Mexican food I love the Salsa and they serve one of the best Albondigas in Arizona. You can eat at the restaurant side or head towards the bar to listen to Mariachi music or play pool. If your in Glendale i say give it a try.
4	La Perla is a restaurant that has been through many changes.  Some were good and some were bad.  In fact I think the food changes daily as well as the prices.  There was a time when I wouldn't step in the place, and there were other times when i couldn't have enough.  This is my second favorite of the old Glendale restaurants.  Their chips and salsa are outstanding.  I love their tacos and enchiladas as well as their rice and beans.  Every once in a while the food is sometimes a little off or burnt, but overall still very good.  Just a warning sometimes the food can be greasy and other times it can be VERY greasy.  It is all very flavorful and I would recommend it.
2	The place has history and is family owned.. both great but does the food have to taste like its been there since the place opened 60 years ago? The salsa's were all pretty lame.. 3 in total which they charge you if you want refills. There are 2 reds and one green.. one of the reds is little more then tomato sauce with some oregano in it. The 2nd red is a chunky salsa where all you can taste is garlic. The green is their 'spicy' salsa but its slimy consistency failed to burn or taste good. The cheese crisp me and my mother shared was pretty darn good! I wish though we would have cut our losses there. The problem is the little weird things they do to their food and sauces. The beans have this strange after taste that I could not decipher.. the red sauce had a similar weird after taste, like I dunno, old. The tamale was covered in the red sauce but the weird old taste covered up what was probably a decent enough tamale. Do they put ground clove in their masa? Like I said, its those weird little touches that didn't appeal to me about this place. Service was friendly and the place quaint.. however with the weird touches and so so salsa I probably wont go back. Very, very disappointing coming from a real food landmark!
3	I grew up eating here at La Perla. The place is a westside institution and has been open over 50 years. As a kid I used to love the video arcade while waiting for dinner or while my family would sit around talking after dinner. They do a great mariachi band on friday and saturday nights in the big band room ... these seats are at a premium, and require advance reservations. This is one of the only places on the westside I can remember that would serve green chilis that were not out of a can. The service was always great, and the food, though a standard menu, was delicious. +1 for being a fun/family oriented place with good food +1 for great live entertainment on the weekends.
2	I used to eat at la Perla years ago and it was pretty decent. After my favorite Mexican restaurant  probably in the whole world closed, Lily's just around the corner (RIP Zip. We miss the hell outta you. You better be waiting for me w/one of your Sunday morning pork chops when I reach the pearly gates. It just won't be heaven w/o it) we decided to give it another try. Wish I hadn't. It was ok....but just ok. Like another yelper posted, things had a weird after taste. I can't quite place my finger (or tastebuds) on what it is but there is just something funky about it. I truly wish I could like La Perla but, alas, my search for a replacement to my beloved Lily's continues. Pedro's down the street on Glendale isn't too shabby. Great enchiladas but not the homespun ambiance of Lily's. Sigh.UPDATE- I no longer have to search for a replacement to my beloved Lily's! The chefs of 30 years reopened in the same spot w/the same menu! Its call Fajardo's Cafe now and is the best homestyle Mexican food in town. Great family place. When I was there on Sunday morning there were little kids in their pajamas eating there. Too cute. I love a place I can go to and not have to put on makeup!
2	Similar to another one of the reviewers, I also ate at La Perla years ago with my family, and I remembered it in a positive light.  While I have grown older, La Perla has just turned into a worn-down establishment.  The food was just okay, I had a chimichanga and my girlfriend had the chile relleno, which she pointed out, was very greasy.  The real problem I had with the restaurant had to do with its cleanliness.  While eating, I kept looking around and noticing how everything from the carpet to the walls was covered in a layer of filth.  The owners of La Perla should close it for a month so they can rip out the carpet, paint it, and replace the dirty, dirty booths.
3	This place is very very old. It can be a little bit intimidating when you first walk in ( we came in the back door). If you go in the back there is a little bit of Mexican history on the walls. Pretty neat reading all the little articles and looking at what the original cafe looked like. The lighting is dark and you feel transported to the magical year of 1980. Now to the real part the food! So like most Mexican restraints you start out with chips and salsa. The chips were fresh and the salsa was tasty but be warned they bring out three kinds from week to hot and they don't let you know which is which. Our waitress was on her break she was eating her dinner she stopped to wait our tables. I'm guessing they are short staffed. She took our order I got the steak machaca dinner and my woman got the taco and cheese enchilada. Food was brought out real fast and it was hot. I'm guessing that everything is pre made because it came out literally five minutes after we ordered it. The food taste very good. Very authentic but be warned the only difference between this place and the taco stand is you get to sit indoors and have to tip. My Machaca had so much grease there was literally a pool of oil in the bottom of my plate. We spent about 28 bucks on 2 beers and 2 dinners. We probably wont eat here again but its good to try once to at least eat at an original Glendale restaurant.
1	_the worst "mexican" Ive ever had_deserves no stars_because everything tasted like it came from a can (enchilada sauce...beans..salsa)_because everything was made with absolutely no effort_it smells of sewage and cigarettes inside_dim lighting in restaurant and very dark parking lot
5	Ha ha. The reviews here are hilarious. So my ex bf and I always go to La Perla. We have drinks and dance the night away here. We are usually the only non Mexicans in the group. When we first started dating, I thought what the hell am I doing here. It grew on me and I love it. The bartenders don't even speak English! We have a fun, unpretentious night here. People are nice and you see another side of life, instead of the typical Scottsdale places I usually frequent. It makes me remember who I am and that I can have a blast anywhere.
4	Yummy authentic Mexican food with recipes that have been in the family for generations.  The flan is a must!
5	After 4 "authentic" Mexican restaurants this was the best Mexican I found in Arizona.  Family-owned is a plus!  Yes, some of the food is going to be canned and yes, the food is going to be on the runny side.  Regardless, the food was amazing, next time I'm in Arizona I will stop in for a meal.
5	Definitely a family staple.I'm not sure what some of the negative reviews are about. It's family owned/operated and has been around for YEARS.It has never once smelled of anything but food when I walked in (and smoking is not allowed indoors in Phoenix- hasn't been for YEARS). The restaurant is well lit as is the parking lot.They keep the chips and salsa coming - FOR FREE.Their food is homemade, not canned. Their salsas are fresh and flavorful, though none have a real kick.The only thing I have tried and didn't like were the fajitas. They were definitely not the same kind of fajitas you would get at a more Americanized Mexican restaurant. I've never tasted any weird touches or after tastes in their food. It tastes as authentic as anyone in my family has made or anything I had even in Mexico.
5	La Perla has been around since the 1940's, and there is a good reason for that: They serve up excellent Mexican food!  When we lived in AZ my wife and I ate here only once (she had eaten here many times before) and we both loved it!  We moved away to Boston, and we came back recently to visit friends and family in AZ 3 years later.  Of all the places to get our fix of some real Mexican cuisine, we chose LA PERLA!  This place serves up authentic Mexican food with no frills.  They keep it simple, fresh, and delicious, and everything is reasonably priced.
4	I have been coming to visit my in-laws in Sun City for several years now and every time I ask if we could go to a local Mexican joint. Needless to say they always end up ignoring me but this time I took the bull by the horns and headed over to La Perla. And I'm VERY glad I did. I can not compare this place to other Mexican restaurants in the area but it was exactly what I hoped for. I went on a Sunday afternoon and sat in the bar area. I had several margaritas while a DJ spun western and Mexican tunes and families laughed, ate and danced. I had ground beef taco, a Machaca taco, a Machaca Green taco and tamale, all of which were good except for the Machaca Green taco which was killer. Now I have a place to spend an afternoon eating and drinking when I come back to Arizona. I will be thinking about that Machaca Green taco until we meet again.
4	When driving up off of Glendale Ave, you get to see very lively but campy murals and 3 massive parking lots before you enter the back door (the main entrance-don't try the door at the front or you'll never get in).  The food is just like you'd want from a traditional, homestyle, local, family owned joint-- excellent rice and beans (all homemade), great enchilada and tamale sauces, excellent tortillas, fresh chips and sweet tomato salsa.  The prices were excellent-- lunch specials for 5 bucks, dinner platters for 1-2 people 9.50.  Give this place a try.  It's a real down home place.
3	This place and other local spots like the Teepee remind us of a far gone time when our Mexican food was predictable and when our standards were low.  But sometimes that hits the spot.  This place definitely has some history, just ask Marty Robbins.
3	The place is huge ! I didn notice that they also had pool / billiards table.The food was not bad.I was not too happy with it.My taco tasted a bit stale,was too crispy.The enchilladas were better,for the first time i was asked if i wanted onions in them.They did taste really gud.
5	We've been going here for years, mostly on Sundays.  The people are friendly, the employees remember who we are and what we order.  The 3 salsas are incredible and since they're made on site and daily(?) it's always changing- which I think is really cool.   There's the chunky pico de gallo which is sometimes spicy.  And 2 red sauces, one hotter & the other more tomato and mellower- but even this one can have a bit of kick sometimes, too.  The food isn't a mindblowing fusion of Old Mexico & New World haute cuisine, but the prices aren't either.  The decorations inside, especially hanging from the ceiling are, uh, interesting, but who cares? This place rocks and will be around forever, so make it your regular stop- you won't be disappointed.  And say hello to Ruth, the ever present waitress who knows EVERYONE!
5	BEST RESTAURANT IN THE WORLD! The food is amazing the staff is cool and its a great place for families and date night! If you are with in 100 miles and want an enchilada go there now! When I am on death row and get my last meal it will be two chicken enchiladas and beef taco from here.
4	I have been going to this restaurant for a very long time. They are always a good standby for us whenever we want good Mexican breakfast or a quick dinner. They give you 3 types of salsa with your chips and always are willing to refill when you run out. The waitress service is very consistent and attentive to your needs. The eggs with green chili are my favorite with the sauce being very flavorful. I also enjoy the chili relleno, again very good flavor. This last visit, I shared the chicken fajitas with my daughter and we had more than enough for left overs. The only complaint is the the tortillas could be softer, rather than breaking apart as you try to fold them.
4	Even though the interior is a little less than stellar, I was very impressed with the service and the food.  I had the chicken enchiladas and they were so tasty I couldn't get enough!  The iced tea was perfectly brewed and I'm a tea snob!  I think I'd like to try a cheese crisp next time and be there when the music is loud and proud!I went with a great friend who has been going there for years and that probably made it even better but I'm game to go back again!  It's a landmark for a reason.
3	La Perla has fairly decent salsa and they got my order of a veggie taco with rice, beans, lettuce and tomato right on the first try. The waitress was kind enough to bring me a carafe of verde salsa upon request. I have only been to this restaurant on one occasion as I find there is better Mexican in the area.
1	I was there on a Friday night with my Fiance and my family. It was "THE WORSE" customer service ive ever had! We waited about an hour to get our food which I would understand if it was busy, But was not! My sister had ordered a simple order "shrimp tacos" and they could not get the order correct. It took about an EXTRA 45 minutes to recieve her food. besdes the hour we waited for the rest of the family. A total of an hour and 45 minutes!I had ordered a chicken chimichanga with NO SAUCE and no GUACAMOLE and NO SOUR CREAM. Of course the order was incorrect. Which she took it back and had it redone but at the end of the night when was time to pay the check I was getting charged for the chimi that was incorrect! I did not eat or touch it. Was very rude about the whole situation.I had gone there many times before and this was the first time ive had a problem and not only one problem many problems!I will never go back!
5	This place is authentic! It has the best cheese crisps and I love that it has 3 kinds of salsa! I mix all of them together=) I took my mom in law there and she LOVED it! Whenever Im on the west side I come here! Its not the ideal place for children sometimes but the staff seems to be friendly. This last time the waitress gave us the wrong plate. My husband was willing to eat it anyways and was embarrassed to say anything. The waitress checked on us a few times and after seeing what my husband pulled out his burrito she instantly realized her mistake. That impressed me. Just a tip for you who like this place...go on citydeals.com they have certificates for 75% off! I think they may be on restaurant.com too
1	Rude waitress. Copped an attitude the INSTANT she walked up to the table, not sure why.   She musta thought she was God's gift.  I clearly saw FRIJOLES BORRACHOS on the appetizer menu.  I ordered them.  She said "We don't even serve frijoles barachos" in a really snotty way,  I thought I was ordering from  the captain of the cheerleaders, so STUCK UP!!! I suggest that if you are server in a restaurant, to know your menu and don't be a %$#$^.  Her RUDENESS caused us to walk out right then and there.
2	Our La Perla experience started off with the fear of being shot during the vatos altercation in the Fiesta Room that carried out into the parking lot. Our debate to stay or not weighed heavily on the BOGO coupon we had. I ordered the chicken chimi "regular" size, the chicken was good but I didn't care for the red sauce they topped it with. The beans were very runny and the rice didn't have much flavor. My boyfriend ordered the carne asada plate, the meat was a little bland but otherwise ok. He also didn't like the beans.The food wasn't horrible but wasn't good either. Sorry La Perla, we won't be a return customer!
5	Its just the BEST MEXICAN FOOD that I HAD in my life!!!Mindblowing tasty SalsaAnd DELICIOUS Guacamole Enchalada!! Dont miss this if you are in Glendale area!
3	After a nice Glendale Politicos meeting at  a nearby establishment, my husband and I decided to stop by La Perla Cafe. It's a long standing and well known restaurant in the Historical Glendale area. Last time I was there was 8 years ago and it hasn't changed, not excellent not terrible. What to expect: If you come here on a Friday or Saturday night this place is like a little night club with super great mariachi group. In our case, we came for dinner on a Friday evening 8ish. There are several bouncers in the parking lot directing traffic. We told them we were here for  dinner and a drink. Walking in, I thought we entered the wrong door because we were in the lounge area. The lounge area is a blast from the past. Wood panel walls, mismatched vinyl chairs, funky colored vinyl table covers, musty smell, old school floor plan and a great Jukebox. BUT you know what as picky as I am I didn't mind the "mishmash" of the place. I immediately felt at home. The servers were all Latinas with tattoos and as kind as my mother! The menu was quite extensive with selections such as Mole, Shrimp Fajitas, Tripas, Albondigas, Enchiladas, Flautas etc. I ordered the Shrimp in garlic sauce. It came with the best refried beans the kind that Nana makes, Spanish rice and well now the shrimp (not so much) . Not the best! I'm picky on my food and this shrimp was rubbery. The garlic sauce was seasoned accordingly but that's about it. My husband enjoyed his Chicken Mole. We both had cocktails and LOVED Mariachi Aguilar. We left right before the next music entertainment was to start. I asked the server about the next act, and she said it was a Tex-Mex band named Ambicion. I really wanted to stay and listen. Perhaps next time. I hear they do a great Sunday brunch. I will say that I would feel comfortable bringing my children here as well as business associates. The service is superb, food is o-k-a-y but not greatest (chips and salsa were awesome) drinks excellent, ambiance down home cozy with a Latin vibe. Coming back soon but not ordering the shrimp.
4	This is our second time to go. Still love the salsa and the food. Great place to take a large group we had a party of 15 and had plenty of room and the service was good.
4	Me and my husband went two nights ago, and at first I wasn't sure it was a good idea, and thought the food wouldn't be so great since it seemed mostly like a bar. To my surprise it turned out great! The food was delicious. I had the chicken chimichanga, and my husband had a soup ( I think it was called Pico) My chimi came with guacamole that actually taste fresh, and like it was made with real avacados that day. My husband described his soup as "authentic mexican food" which is saying something coming for him! The women were so nice, and sweet with our kids, and even gave them a lollipop after. As for the bar scene, it was in another room closed off with a door, I could hardly even hear the music. I thought it was very family friendly.
4	Made it too late for the dinner, but at prime time for the party!Came here with a charming paisita for a night out in a new place. All the music was in Spanish, and I can get down on some Norteno when I'm downing $4 pints of Pacifico or Negra Modelo. The margaritas were pre-made, but totally worth it, on the rocks OR frozen.The bartenders rocked, and were more than happy to concoct "something girly" to sip on. Also, personable, as was everyone else--not one patron was having a bad time. Dance floor was PACKED. But then a lit up corner in the back with some billiards if that's your style.Will definitely be back for the food, but for a night club, La Perla was a small culture shock for me, but still kicked all sorts of ass.
4	I have been going here since 1989, very little has changed.   Food always very good, for me the wait staff has been the best.   If you ask they will spice up or down as to the way you like it.  I usely go early and miss the crowds.   Family owned sence 1947 or 48, when Glendale was a farming town.  If anything the food is dated, that is not a bad thing.
4	I love the salsa and the food is amazing.  The wait staff isn't the best but I think that the food makes up for it.
2	Stopped in for lunch today and thought they'd be packed from the looks of the parking lot.  Once inside they didn't appear to be that busy.  We were seated right away.  Chips and salsa came first and I was certainly in need of a beverage by the time they came to take the drink order.  Service from this point was very slow.  Took a good 45 minutes to get our food.  By the time we were ready for the check we really needed to hurry so I asked for it which fell on deaf ears.  I finally walked over to our server and stated we were pressed for time could we get our check and she said she was working on it.  We were extremely patient with the slow service but at this point the elderly woman waiting on us really could have cared less that we needed to hustle up.  Food was ok.  My husband asked specifically if the machaca beef was made with egg and was told it was.  Well it wasn't, basically just shredded beef.  Have lived in Phoenix for 30+ years and only been here once or twice (probably 25+ years ago).   Will certainly not go out of my way to return.
3	Always delicious food and come often. Wait staff and servers were very nice. However, tried to use a Deal Chicken, which states no holidays to use it on, the day before Memorial Day and was told that it included no use for the whole holiday weekend. Also, a manager was not present to talk about the issue. We were told to come back on Tuesday. So any future users of Deal Chicken, Groupon, etc., please check with servers before having to pay way more than expected. La Perla needs to remedy this by clarifying with these sites.
4	I had a friend take me here. Food was excellent, especially the mole sauce! Service was slow.
1	My first (and only) time there.   It was tired,but clean inside.  The staff was friendly, but very sloooow (it was not very busy).  I ordered checked fajitas, but was told later they were out of chicken.  I switched to shrimp fajitas.  A few shrimps were delivered along with some very oily green peppers, and a single tortilla.  The margarita was weak.
5	Delicious breakfast!
2	First timer, wasn't what I expected. We were seated right away but it took our server "Amy" at least 15 minutes to acknowledge us and another 10 minutes to take our order. Our chips & water guy was way more attentive then Amy. After 45 minutes of total waiting we finally got our food, COLD. We questioned the server and she put  blame on lack of chefs in kitchen. We watched all the other servers walk by with their orders, no problem. Food wasn't bad but wasn't that good either.IF we give it another try (most likely not) we will make sure its not with the server we got the first time.
2	We waited for a long time to be approached by the server. The kid giving chips ended up taking our drink order & then we waited a long time again to get them & then waited another half hour for the food.  The people were all very nice but the food was bland & not good.  I will never come back to this place again.
5	It's been in business forever for a reason, great Mexican food. This is my favorite place in the valley to eat Mexican food period. Though you might not get the best service sometimes it doesn't matter because the food is freaking fantastic(Yes it's that good). I'll be going here for the rest of my life, because they just do it right.
1	We went there New years day for some Menudo, cheese crisp. The menudo came before the cheese crisp which came as we were halfway thru our meal. Chips and salsas were fantasticThe staff was friendly, but very sloooow (it was not very busy).  They took a long time to recognize we were there, the food was ok, not something I would recommend. Maybe it was a bad day??? we all have those
5	The food was terrific! The atmosphere was great and the service was extremely friendly. The best part is, I love the chips and salsa at Mexican restaurants and I run out of the salsa pretty quickly, not here, they bring you three containers mild, medium and hot to pour into the bowl. Love it.
1	My families experience here tonight was an absolute nightmare!We had a party of five and the salsa went quickly. The staff was no where to be found. Not a good start to the evening....  Then once our server came back to our table and we were able to ask for more salsa, it did not come until after our meals arrived.  This is something I would usually forgive and forget, even though there were only 3 other tables with customers and it was not a busy night.  However, I was not even half way through my green chili burrito when I found the longest, blackest HAIR wrapped around a piece of the meat.  This made my mother in-law physically ill and she had to excuse herself from the table. Obviously, I was done eating for the evening.  I had no interest in ordering something new with less hair.  I informed our server about the hair.  Typically, my meal, that was not even close to being finished, would have been taken off the bill. The bill that was hand written, chicken scratch that we could barely read.  But not only was it NOT taken off the bill, they actually overcharged us AND added 18% gratuity, which a sign stated was only added on Friday and Saturday nights when they had live music (or usually for parties of 8 or more people).  Today is Thursday....  When my husband questioned the bill our server pretty much just said "oops" and adjusted it to take off the automatic gratuity.  When she brought the bill back it was still not correct.  So, my husband added it up in his head and explained to her how much the bill should be.  She then left the table for about 10 more minutes and came back with a calculator and said he was correct and she would void the first bill and run my card.  I then said that she need needed to remove my hairy meal from the tab before she ran my card and she literally ROLLED HER EYES at me and stomped off.  She came back to the table with the correct amount and we were finally able able to leave after 20 min of back and forth over the cost.   The service and shady billing scenario alone, even without the hair situation, was enough for us to agree to never step foot in this establishment again.
3	Salsa was fantastic!  I had the chicken tacos....the chicken was very salty...they were okay.
4	My hubby and I loved this place! We went for the first time yesterday, and we had a very pleasant experience. The food was plentiful and unique, and the service was awesome. We will definitely go again!
1	Terrible food, I ordered a taco salad and they brought it without any meat.5 she brings me a bowl of steaming ground spam. Omg, the only thing that was OK was that she didn't charge me for the salad I DIDN'T eat! Yuck, do not go here!
4	La perla cafe will not break the bank and the food is above average. I enjoyed my experience and plan to go back. Military friendly.
4	La Perla is definitely a safe bet when your in that area. Great salsa and consistent entrees. Oddly I have never tried a margarita there so I can't advise on that. It's a little shabby on the inside but so what, who cares? That's what I expect from a great mexican restaurant.
5	Great food & service!!!  Love their cheese enchiladas!  The price was excellent also.
1	Can I give zero no I wish. We walked in at 930 pm no one there to greet us. Finally found someone in the bar, and she said she was closing early because it was slow. Um dont post ur open til 11 if u are going to close whenever u want.
1	Their large margarita is more like mini margarita. The mole looked and tasted more like super salty gravy. One mole plate, one bean burrito and two small margaritas ended up costing $34.
4	I'm not normally big on Mexican food, but they have great Mexican food. So cute, in the heart of old town Glendale. It's been there for 68 years. Friendly and great service. The mild salsa is my absolute favorite. It's a must try. Mexican pizza is pretty good too!
5	I'm not normally big on Mexican food, but they have great Mexican food. So cute, in the heart of old town Glendale. It's been there for 68 years. Friendly and great service. The mild salsa is my absolute favorite. It's a must try. Mexican pizza is pretty good too!!! So far I have been there 3 times. Many more to come. :)
1	it might be the best kept secret of Glendale, but it should remain that way. We expected great service and delicious food. We were dissatisfied!! Why?1. No one greeted us when we walked in.2. Smells like a goodwill, not a scent of food anywhere.3. Very grease ridden tortilla chips.4. Sour tasting tamales.5. Wait staff unable to rectify a simple issue (with the sour tamales) did not offer to remove from bill & did not offer to bring out something else.6. Blamed the customer for complaint! really? ha!Don't be fooled. It's really that bad!
4	Authentic Glendale in one  restaurant they have been here since 1946 it truly has it own charm it has not changed much since then. Their prices are reasonable and the food is good.
