4	New York 51 recently opened, replacing the former Redendo's Pizzeria.New York 51 is a basic pizza and sandwich place that also has salads, antipasto and spaghetti.  We came here on a Sunday evening around 6:30 and there were a dozen other diners in the restaurant.  We were promptly seated by owner and Kendall, our server came over quickly with menus and asking about our drink order.  We decided to share the Italian sausages in marinara sauce.  The sausages were somewhat bland, lacking any fennel taste, but it was made up for with a flavorful marinara which we liked.We also order the Chicken Parmigiana Hero and a Meatball Parmigiana Hero (NY speak for subs), which were $6.95 each.  Both were good and we have posted some pictures online:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/D4x9peZuBkps6j6T2WRpDA?select=yvPrWSpe4nAG20rLQrha3A#edI1zRYkx1zAfYVv7e7fyAWe enjoyed New York 51, and Kendall, our server has to be one of the happiest individuals we have had in quite a while.  She made our visit  very enjoyable.  We gather she was a holdover from the previous place and they were very wise to keep her .  She is the difference between a three star review and a four star review.
3	How weird is this?I get a pie, it's just ok. The cheese is barely melted and not the golden brown bubbly I was looking for.The next day, I heat it up in the oven and forget to set the timer. I practically burn it. The crust now resembles a wood-fired pizza.The cheese, golden browned and bubbly.Absolutely delicious. Who knew, right?This is the little pizza who could. It just needed a little tlc and a crazy hot oven.Tell your server to overcook it until the cheese is golden. It's one damned tasty pizza when it's cooked properly.No stars for sitting in the booth next to the photo of Danny 'fuckin' Kaye pinching Frank Sinatra's nose. They're both dead. I'm going to die someday too. How depressing. I need new meds. I hate my life. I really wish I was a matador.Three stars for the chicken wings and Miller Lite.
5	I have to say, the only reason I went was because I got a Groupon deal, but I'm so glad I did. We got a 16" pie with feta, pineapple, and ham. It was AWESOME. The ham is perfectly smoked, and they were generous on the portions. The crust was perfectly cooked. We were satisfied on half of the pizza, and had half for leftovers.  We got it on carryout, but the staff was friendly and they had it ready on time. Great!
1	I will begin by saying this was my worst dining experience in as long as I can remember. Since I am from NY, I have had pizza experiences galore. However, any human needing to eat needs to avoid this place.First of all, there was no staff- just one young lady attempting to do about 4 jobs. This place needs proper staffing in a big way. She was the cashier, bartender, waiter, etc. We ordered a large pizza with 2 toppings, well done. It arrived, not well done, WITHOUT sauce!!!!!!!!!!. The most tasteless, dryest, horrible pie I ever had!!!!!Please avoid this place at all costs.
2	Sorry to be another one to let the cat out of the bag but this is NOT NY style pizza, not even close.  Now if the owner or the staff is from NY and they in turn are cooking the food then.......no, never mind that does not make it NY style either.I ordered a simple plain cheese pizza and it was this like Barrow's or Pizza Hut pan style.  Thin, cheesy, oil dripping and crunchy...that is NY style but this was not.Calzone, great marinara sauce but Pops Favorite is an interesting flavor.  If you're a vampire then stay away from this one because there was enough garlic in it to kill your whole family.Note to self, don't listen to a 12yr old when he say he found a good pizza place.
1	No, no, no.This used to be a proper place for slices at lunch time.  No longer.  The new ownership is trying to transfer it into a slower, full service place and honestly the food isn't so great.  For slice places here's how it normally goes.  You stand in front of an assortment of pizzas made rather recently, order your slices and then those slices are immediately put into the oven that is immediately behind the employee .  Then you pay and/or get your drink, and shortly thereafter your food is ready. Fast.When I walked in, this place had 3 premade cheese pizzas only.  Upon ordering I was told I should have just sat down and they would have come to my table.  So then the ONLY server for the entire restaurant figures how to use the register to enter my order.  Then my drink is prepared and brought to my table.  And THEN two slices are put onto a tray and put into the window to the back.  Someone else takes them and awhile goes by.  Then they're finally served, and when it comes time to pay I realize I'm held hostage by a server with my check.  This whole timely process was easily double what it should take for a slices at lunch place.The 3 cheese pizzas is disturbing not only because of the lack of variety in pre-made pizzas, but because it also means those are going to last for quite awhile during the day.  Normally there's just 1 cheese or so out at a time, and new ones are made as the lunch hours go by.  I'd much rather have a recently baked pizza than one from several hours ago, wouldn't you?
5	I found out that this place was out of business last night when I tried to phone in my Calzone order. I will truly miss those Calzones,  which were the best I have ever had. A new place called Bogey's will be opening up at this location. They are still in the remodel phase.
