2	Went in tonight for an emergency replacement of my glasses after an accident. Eye exam went well enough. The sales person was helpful finding a set of frames. We discussed lens options, and although the lenses were priced higher than any single frame and lens set I'd bought prior, I needed them and more importantly needed them tonight.Saleslady says no problem, the system shows there are several in stock. I paid and then the fun started. She says oh wait, sometimes the system is wrong. Let me make sure we have them. So I wait. And wait. And wait.She comes out and says, I'm sorry there is only one lens. You'll have to wait 10 days to get them or pay to upgrade. ....I almost told her to reverse the charge and I'd take my prescription to the Arrowhead location. But she'd already charged my card and with my luck the bank would take their time removing it. So I said fine. I asked about them comping the upgrade since they should have checked prior to charging me, and it goes against their advertising policy. She laughed at me. I mentioned it again with the manager there and was ignored.When I went back an hour later to pick them up, the manager handed them to me as is. He didn't adjust the temples at all, and now after about an hour, the pressure behind my ears is to much to keep wearing them. I swear if not having glasses didn't cause me such bad headaches, I would have demanded a refund right there and gone upstairs to Alex Optical. Despite the problems I've had with their other locations, you get much better service at a better price, even if you have to wait a few days to get them.
1	I had a wonderful shopping experience until it was time to claim what i already paid for. A lady named Dianne Reed attended to me. I had a problem with the quality and she reacted coldly, callously and totally uncaring. If you are to shop from Lens Crafters just make sure you are attended to by someone other than this lady.Just my personal opinion. She also quoted me outrageously high prices ( zero discount) whereas when i went on another day, i talked to two other sales ladies and they immediately offered to give me a discount. Lens Crafters must be made aware of people like Dianne Reed who totally ruins the shopping experience of people like me.
5	I recently moved to Arizona from a different state and I lost my contacts. I was in panic-mode because I am about to leave for vacation but I had yet to establish an optometrist here. I called several closer Lenscrafters to seek help (since I'm familiar with the store) but none of them had my brand available. They told me to call the Metro one, so I did. The woman I spoke with was so helpful. She told me to just email the doctor my prescription and they'd be able to give me a trial pair for free until I can order more. So we walk in expecting questions and for it to take a while. The woman at the front desk (I believe her name is Kim) had them waiting for me and it was that easy. I don't know what I would have done if it wasn't for their exceptional customer service and help.
5	An amazing bright spot in a DISMAL LOCATION (Metro Center Mall). Staff, especially manager, Sue was friendly and very helpful. We were able to get get my son's glasses in just under an hour as promised and they were spot on. There are a couple of other eyeglass places in this mall, but their selection doesn't seem to be quite as good. LensCrafters definitely has a larger selection of brand name and designer options. I am hoping they might move from this mall to a nicer location in the near future, but if not, I would return here because of my great experience with Sue. Thanks Sue!
5	Even though this location is not so high end looking it's still spotless and offers a lot more options and choices. The general manager assisted me through the process and was very honest with choices and the pros/cons. I felt no pressure and that they really wanted me to be happy with my choice regardless of price. This location has an in store lab so no need to wait 2 weeks to have lenses placed. I however opted to have a new set of frames ordered as the one they had was somewhat scratched from all the wear and touches from customers. I will update my review when I pick up my new glasses and the experience then.I guess there's no need to fear this chain store.
