5	This place is fantastic.  Quality service from knowledgeable bartenders always make a great experience.  The owner is a true beer lover and it shows.  Always 100+ beers to choose from with a consistently cycling inventory means you can always trying something new or stick with what you know and love.  Of course they have the standard miller/bud/coors crap that some people seem to enjoy.  But if you're feeling adventurous, trying something new.  Even if you're not sure, the well informed staff will point you in the right direction.  Food is really good too.  Anything from waffle fries and mac n cheese bites to the 'Danny Burger' or pizzas have never let me down.  The food is inexpensive and local.  Also a great place to watch a game.
5	I went there for fish fry last Friday. It was excellent! I had the cod and my husband had the perch - both just delicious. They came with fries (which were okay) and coleslaw (some of the best I've ever had). I was under the impression from the website that this was a bar with an eating area, but it really is more like a bar with a grill and a few large tables. It was all one room with a pool table at one end and the front door at the other, with the bar itself running almost the length of the room. But it really isn't a large room. I took my children (again, I thought it had more seating area) and they shared a couple of sliders (tiny little burgers, apparently). This place has quite a beer list. My husband had a Raging Bitch (har har har) and I enjoyed a lovely 7 & 7. Eddie's is on Main Street, so there are a couple of parking spots out front, we went after banking hours and so parked behind the building, in the bank's parking lot.
4	New on the Sun Prairie scene, Eddie's boasts  an extensive (and impressive) beer selection, juke box to sing-a-long to, dart board, pool table, appealing decor and deliciously greasy bar food make this place one of Sun Prairie's finest.  The bar is quite small and gets a bit smoky on busy weekend nights.  Therefore, I prefer the early Eddie's crowd.  On Mondays they host trivia from 8-10pm and offer occasional live music.  Once the state-wide smoking ban goes into effect, I'll be much more willing to visit on weekend nights.
4	Awesome service.  Great pub food.  Gotta try their soups!
4	As far as I've seen, Eddies has the vastest beer selection in the area. There is one other place In Madison that offers a comparable selection, but eddies is definitely the place to go. The bartenders tend to be fairly knowledgeable about the beer they serve, the place has a welcoming atmosphere, the prices are good, they have a pool table, and they have several large t.v.'s to watch the game on. The downside? The place is rather small, and on late nights and weekends it can get pretty crammed. I'm talking rubbing elbows, hard to shoot pool, feeling of being at a concert crammed. Which may put a lot of people off. But remember, all those patrons cram in there for a reason.
3	Great burgers, but pricey for the portions.  The cheese curds are lacking.  The best thing about the place is the beer selection.  The service could be better.  Some days, a guy can get ignored pretty well.
1	I am new to Sun Prairie and like to support local businesses but I won't be going back to Eddie's. Like other reviewers here I am also flabbergasted by the rudeness of the staff.I tried Eddie's twice and both times no one acknowledge that I was even in the room. The second time was with an out of town guest, we were two of about 6 people total in the place, the bartender looked at us a few times but never acknowledged us or asked us if we wanted anything.Maybe they don't have table service. If that is the case hang a sign or have the courtesy to tell patrons they need to come to the bar, we are not mind readers. I think they call it the 'hospitality industry' - don't bother with these inhospitable clowns.
3	Everyone likes bar food every now and then! Eddie's has decent food with fun burger options and a great beer selection. They always have a good selection of beers on tap and SO MANY beers by the bottle. The only complaint I've had with them is that their beer menu is not always up to date, so I choose a beer only to find they no longer have it on tap. Not a huge deal, I just choose another, but it's happened a couple times.
3	Monster selection of microbrews; you're certain to find something unique and interesting here.  From cask ales to IPAs to porters to, well, you name it, Eddie is likely to have something that'll whet your whistle.Bartenders are a bit aloof; we visited with some friends who knew one of the bartenders quite well, and we still suffered mediocre service.  If I had one suggestion for Eddie's staff, it would be: lighten-up.  They seemed melancholy... We didn't eat here, but friends said the food is decent.  Crowd was friendly and the atmosphere was comfortable.I'll go back, I'm sure.  Maybe the barkeeps will crack (or at least feign) a smile next time.
5	Excellent beer selection, great prices! It's not hard to find something you will like here. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable and the prices are great for the selection. Do not visit unless you are a true beer fan and willing to try new breweries/styles of beer.
3	The pork tenderloin sandwich was good with sweet baby rays bbq...but the shrimp was better.  The fries are closer to shoestring style, not a fan.  Had the Stella Artois cider, pretty decent.
3	8/25/13 My wife and I continued to celebrate our anniversary by stopping in at Eddie's Alehouse & Eatery.  They have some nice taps and lots of bottled beer.  One unique tap was a creme brulee from Southern Tier.  It's dessert to drink!  The bartender was nice and ran a mean grill.  He was busting butt and making it look easy.  The burgers looked great.  He suggested we try the Greek place across the street if we wanted something not on their menu.  After our brew and a round of Cricket we strolled over to the Atlantis Taverna.  He didn't steer us wrong.
4	Great beer selection and the prices were ok. Food was nothing spectacular but was cooked correctly and tasted good. Would visit again.
2	Decent beer selection, though not many dark beers. Typical bar food. Bartender demanded cash immediately after I ordered instead of creating a tab for me and said it's too difficult to track tabs. Inconvenient. Buck and Honey's is much, much better.
4	Googled restaurants for lunch in Sun Prairie on our way back from Madison. Saw that there were many on Main Street so we decided to just cruise down and see what looked interesting. So glad that we did. If you're looking for a cozy classic pub with an awesome beer list AND tasty basic food this is the place.  Place was pretty full with what looked like local regulars and even though we were out of towners, we felt right at home and welcome. Even though the menu said order drinks and food at the bar our server came to our table was super friendly and made us feel right at home. I ordered a bowl of Gumbo and hand battered cheese curds - hubby order the Big Eddy burger. Lunch with drinks came to a whopping $18 and was super. Would definitely go back next time we're driving through Sun Prairie.
3	Whenever I can check out a "new to me" Sun Prairie local establishment I get excited. So, I was excited to try Eddie's. My co-worker and I went there for a working lunch on a Tuesday at 12:30. There was plenty of seating available. They had an extensive and impressive beer selection. I will go back for that. The atmosphere was sports bar meets pub. This week is Restaurant week in Sun Prairie so I ordered the advertised special of the day - a BLT on Texas Toast. The toast was dry and I could have used more bacon. My mayo came in a packet. Overall, I was not impressed with the food. The service and atmosphere were fine. The beer selection stellar. I would recommend going for a beer.
5	Excellent burgers, great beer selection. Nice interior, it's seat yourself and order at the bar.
4	Incredible beer selection, full bar, welcoming atmosphere.  It's more pub-like than sports bar, although there are several tvs.  They make a great burger, and I suggest the sweet potato fries.  Monday nights are Team Trivia and you might want to get there early if you have a group -- seating gets tight.
3	Really not bad. Kind of reminds me of Karben4 (and they serve their beer!), but with a much more inviting ambience. Good beer selection. My hair wasn't blown back or anything, but I wouldn't mind going back.
5	Excellent beer selection! Always 10+ beers on tap that change up frequently and hundreds of different bottles to choose. The food is typical bar food, but it's a pretty mean burger. I recommend this place for a chill, laid back type of night.
5	An incredible beer selection and great pub food.  The Friday fish is very good.  Also a good atmosphere to enjoy some time with friends.
3	I never signed up for Yelp to trash talk businesses. 90% of my reviews are positive. I was raised to never trash talk a small business so I will leave my review summary as IF YOU DON'T HAVE ANYTHING NICE TO SAY DON'T SAY ANYTHING AT ALL. I gave 3 stars because 2 would just be mean but the bartender was extremely rude to me
1	Terrible service.  They screwed up food order so after waiting 25 minutes, they apparently gave our food to someone else, we waited another 20 minutes.  No apologies or anything.  They do have a good selection of beer but that is about it...avoid this place at all costs due to terrible service.
2	This is a small local place has seating for about 38. They have a great selection of beer. They also have two smaller tvs (32") and one larger tv (50"). I will reiterate that the beer selection is more than reasonable, but that's the only positive I can think of. My wife ordered a mixed drink with a wedge of lime. The lime was brown and smelled horrible. The cheese curds were not bad, but they weren't memorable at all. The are lightly battered and served hot with a side of ranch. They are a bit greasy, but again not bad just not good either.  They left me saying, "meh".  I ordered a chicken sandwich with fries. The chicken appeared to be precooked and frozen and was simply warmed back up. It was served on a kaiser bun, which did have nice flavor. The wilted lettuce took away from it completely though. The plain mayonnaise was needed but it's complete lack of flavor just took away from this already below average sandwich. The French fries were definitely frozen and then deep fried. Another instance of they weren't bad but they weren't good.I don't like giving out poor reviews, but I think people also need to know what to expect. Come here if you want to get a beer and well that's about it.
