4	It finally opened and the waits are crazy!!!So we went last night, friends got there 1st, placed the name on the list, got the pager and off to Toys/Babies R Us for a little shopping (they needed Diapers).  So we come back, waiting outside after the short rain and just when you thought we had more time, off goes our pager...  Plowed thru the very crowded waiting lobby and to our table.  They were very busy, but the patrons seemed pleased, not unhappy faced seen.  Our server/service was a little slow, but considering how busy and new the place is, wasn't too bad.  Food was a tasty as we expect.  When the snowbirds go home (think Pebble Creek) the waits will shorten for sure!We will certainly be back (love those breadsticks!!)
1	oh well we had waited several months before trying this place. An early dinner yesterday at about 4:30 pm. Not busy so we were seated straight away. A booth, yuck I hate booths. This one was hot for some reason so we moved to a table with two chairs, I guess a half booth. It was much cooler. I guy I forget his name was the server and he said at least three times I am going to take care of you real good and or well. Well the first thing we order is our drink, me water Gus iced tea. Well the guy waiter took only a few moments to get this to us, but of course placed the drinks opposite to who ordered. One appetizer, that being calamari. MY meal was the Tour of Italy Being Homemade lasagna, lightly breaded chicken parmigiana and creamy fettuccine alfredo. Gus ordered Pork Milanese Pan-seared pork scaloppini crusted with Italian herb breadcrumbs, served with asiago cheese-filled tortelloni pasta tossed in a garlic-butter sauce with fresh spinach. We had the salad too. So we get the salad, but the waiter wants to give a one soup and one salad. The salad was not really great. Appetizer is set down and about three minutes later the entrees. First off learn to pace the meal dude and try to remember who ordered what. Not once did he get it right even though he claimed it would be good service. I won't go in to each meal other than to say it sucked. Oh well another 53 bucks down the drain.
2	I have never been a fan of Olive Garden, but a brand new and shiny one opened up on the west side by home. My husband and I thought OK, we will try it again after years. DUH, dumb decision!! Was a total disappointment. Why do we do that to ourselves? You do not like somethings for some reasons! Sticking with gut feel next time. Got the fried mussel de napoli, that was ok. The usual mussel cooked and bathe in garlic butter sauce. I ordered the chicken alfredo pizza. OMG, it was so salty! I could barely eat it. Dipping it into the chicken & gnocchi soup to wash off the salt. I should have returned the food, but I have worked in the restaurant business through high school and college, I know what happens to returns! No thanks... My husband's spaghetti with meat sauce was kind of bland. We did not taste the herbs and spices in the sauce. Actually, the food only deserves a 1 star but the service was outstanding from a young lady, so I am forced to gave 2 stars.
5	This is the best OG the West Valley
3	I have not been back to this Olive Garden since last review (1 year).  We had a family dinner there with 9 of us.  We called ahead for reservations and they got us in for 6:15pm.  OK, I will try this Olive Garden again...The service was good.  The food actually was ok this time.  I was surprised.  I got the chicken and gnocchi soup, there was only 1 dumpling.  Really?  The flavors were good, but 1 dumpling?  I asked for a 2nd bowl and wow, tons of dumplings.  It guess it is a hit or miss kind of thing.  I got the Alfredo chicken, it was actually not bad.
3	I have been here 3 or 4 times and have always received great service...the only reason why I come is for the zuppa  tuscana soup and breadsticks so I can not comment on the rest of the food. They seem to have a lot of new items on the menu, including some yummy looking desserts.
3	We visit this olive garden about once a week because my kids love it.  I like it because they have allergy friendly dishes for my kids.  (But you have to ask what is in certain dishes). I also love the soups here. Overall good.
3	I came here for lunch on Mother's Day, bad mistake, very bad mistake. The wait was 30 minutes so I can only imagine what the wait would be for dinner.My favorite part of Olive Garden are the bread sticks and they did not disappoint as they were hot and ready on our table. My friend ordered stuffed mushrooms for an appetizer. I tried them and they were delicious! Next time I go I'm going to make sure I get my own order. I would recommend anyone to give them a try at least once especially if you like mushrooms. Service was of course hectic. It took at least 15  minutes for our waiter to get our drinks. Then another 10 minutes for her to bring our straws. It was about the same amount of time to get our checks and our cards back. I was going to order dessert but I decided to skip out in risk of being delayed in Mother's Day Mayhem. I ordered Chicken Alfredo and chose to have a salad instead of the soup. I'm always a fan of Olive Garden's salad but this time it was lackluster. The pasta was a little on the bland side but I'm very picky about my pasta and there honestly isn't a lot of places that can get it right. Regardless of the mayhem I still expect for the quality of the food to not deteriorate.
5	Food was great and service was absolutely awesome!  Best ever!  Thanks Lauren!
4	We've been here 3 or 4 times and the service is generally a bit above average but never amazing.  Food is always good.  I most often just get salad and bread sticks if we're in for lunch but if we're in for dinner I'll get the fettuccine alfredo or the portabello ravioli, the ravioli is my favorite I absolutely love it.  My mom had the muscles which are on the featured items menu and she said they were amazing.  My husband had the featured cheese ravioli with carbonara sauce and chicken...said it was amazing! Overall I'd say this is one of the few consistently good places on the west side.I do wish they had a vegetarian soup option, I loved the soups when I ate meat and it would be great to enjoy them again.
5	Ridiculously awesome soup and salad! Can't beat the lunch price.
3	This place is in the middle of nowhere. I only say this because I live in N. Phx and my niece wanted to come here for her 18th birthday. Since she lives close by so its nothing for her, but I swear I am going to make her mom give me gas money lol.  I will say that the everything went  pretty well. We had a super large party of about 35 people and we did have a reservation so score one for them!  I can't even be upset with them for taking forever to bring our checks since they decided to split it up instead of giving one big check and making us work it out amongst ourselves. It did take longer than the average due to this but I will give them credit for doing a stand up job with taking orders and getting them out in a timely fashion. Although some checks were wrong, everyone was very patient (some more than others but I digress) I highly doubt that I will ever be back to this location again due to the distance but I do give them two thumbs up for service.
5	Zuppa Tuscana, and the mixed grill make a fantastic meal here. If you don't want an average meal, get something more than pasta.
4	We visit this location often and the food continues to be exactly what one would expect from the Olive Garden.  The downside is the location in the only far west location and therefore it is often a pretty busy place.
4	It's Olive Garden that much is true but this location has an issue with their staff, I almost want to send an email to Food Network and have them come in and do an episode of Restaurant Stakeout. Pretty much everything that happens on that show, happens in this location. Sitting at the bar I can clearly hear some sort of an altercation in the kitchen, loud enough that it got everyone's attention. Although it might have been some staff involved in horseplay, the management appeared absent or unwilling to look into it. Shortly thereafter the bar became a hangout for the waitstaff and even some members of the kitchen staff, mundane stuff talked about but none the less very unprofessional. Again, the food is what you expect, don't expect much from the help.
4	Good place for dinner/lunch. Service is great!
4	Maybe it's because I lived in Hawaii for so many years and was deprived of all the Olive Garden goodness there is, or maybe it's just because I love me some Italian-esque food -- but I'm a big fan of the Olive Garden. Each time I've visited this location, I've had excellent service, was served quickly, and thoroughly enjoyed my meal. Wine sample? Don't mind if I do. Buy-one-entree-for-dinner-and-get-another-one-for-lunch-tomorrow? Yes, please. And don't even get me started on their soup, salad, and breadsticks - YUM YUM in my tum. If you haven't visited an Olive Garden, stop reading right now, get up, and go get yourself some delicious eats. The end.
4	It was ultimate yum!! Always enjoyable and huge portions!  Good for leftovers!
4	I'm not a huge fan of OG! Just your typical franchise restaurant. But the wife, daughter, and myself had a great experience at this location. Food was very good, I had the stuffed chicken Marsala. Seen it on TV, and wanted to try it. Glad I did! Chicken was very moist, stuffed with dried tomato's,  Wife enjoyed their ravioli's with meat sauce, daughter had no problem with the Alfredo! Our server was Wolfgang, really nice guy! Always came by and checked on us, always made sure everything was fine. Place has a very good server there! This OG location, is probably the best experience we have had with Olive Garden.
5	Cannot wait to return
3	If you like OG, you'll like this one.  Good service to boot.
4	Since I was just a little boy munching on soup, salad, and breadsticks, I was never really a fan of Olive Garden... so my 4-star review should say a lot!  The menu is much improved over the last time I ventured here.  I was with a fairly large group and all seemed to enjoy their dishes very much!  The Zuppa Tuscana and Pasta Fagioli (sp?) were both big hits with the crowd.  The calzone was smaller than what we were expecting, but the chicken parm panini was plenty big and plenty delicious!  Even the salads are much better than what I remembered.I still can't say that I will plan my next Olive Garden outing anytime soon... but I thoroughly enjoyed my meal!
2	We eat here all the time, the waiters are great except for the guy waiter who nearly ran us over to get to the park next to the door in his piece of junk car!!! We were heading there he cut us off and took the spot!! So glad he was not our waiter! He ran in like he was late! Me having arthritis in ankles parked way out and did not run! Enough of that went there Thursday to have lunch tried the new chicken calzone, all I can say is unedible, hard as a brick, a little burnt on bottom, worse crust ever!!! But two stars for great waitress, and great salad !
4	Great Olive Garden. The service was great and the atmosphere is perfect. The waiters and waitresses do a good job of taking care of the customers. My preferred Olive Garden in town.
5	Came here the other night for their buy one take one. The  food was amazing and the service was great and to top it all off we were able to get a complimentary glass of wine that was being offered.
3	Went for a nice Sunday afternoon Lunch. As always the food was fantastic, the wait staff above par, my problem is with the parents that bring the kids along who don't keep them acting respectful of all the patrons who are paying good money for the dining experience, we thought we had stepped into a kindercare during playtime, the noise of screaming kids was simply outrageous, with parents doing little or nothing to quiet the unruly kids up. My suggestion to those parents who lack number one, parenting skills, and number two, and regard for the respect others around you deserve when dining at a restaurant, you can let your kids do that at home, that is your choice, but bring them to dine with others who just want a good meal with a peaceful quiet environment they better have their best behaviour pants on. It's plain RUDE not to demand that of YOUR kids! You know they also have take out, how about using that next time....
3	To-go orders are slow as molasses! I called a simple order in of two salads and two Zuppa Toscana soups. I was told they would be ready by 7pm. Got to the restaurant at 7, told them I had called in my order, and walked out of the restaurant with my food...29 minutes later. There were three people in front of me, with the third person ordering a large amount of food on site. They all received their food before me. Not to mention, by the time I finally received my food...they brought me the wrong order. That will be the last time I'm doing that...and it was only a Thursday night. Disappointing. So much for "to-go" service...
1	the food is always good.....but the service at this location is HORRIBLE!!!!! never fails meals come out before appetizer, waiters always have attitude like there too busy for you or something... I always regret not driving the extra 10 minutes into Phoenix for some decent olive garden,. guess I need to find a local mom and pop place....
1	Went there last night got food poisoning from their chicken Marsala. Had to go to the ER cause I got so sick!! They ran test and it was confirmed it was from the food! So I called in and their shitty manager just says sorry no one else called wish u luck! Are you FN kidding! I paid for shitty service got sick and an ER visit cause you don't know how to prep food!! I wish I didn't have to give u one star and the manager needs to get fired!!
2	This Olive Garden is always a hit or miss for us. The service is always very good, but the food is what is never consistent. We had the Chicken and gnocchi soup and the Chicken Alfredo pasta. We ate almost all of the pasta and left the chicken which was a waste. It tasted like it was a little undercooked.  After that my husband said we were better off going to Red Lobster or making the drive to the one on 75th and Thomas. I might never visit this Olive Garden again. Not worth what your paying for unless its the servers your there to see.
5	I worked for OG in another state a few years ago. I admit I have a high standard when it comes to service because of my past. I can honestly say this was the best OG experience I have had outside the store I worked in. Our server was super busy but that never kept us from being taken care of. The staff worked as a TEAM to ensure the pace of the meal was as good as the food itself. This included the managers who were both present in the dining room and not afraid to get their hands dirty. I have been to a couple other Olive Gardens in the area and one is dissappointng and the other, well, we don't go to that one anymore and it is the closest to our home. We will gladly drive an extra few miles to go to this one. So happy to have found our new Olive Garden home!P.S. The rosemary chicken with garlic mashed potatoes is CRAZY good!
5	My kids love love to come here. They always have great service. My best dish is the soup and salad and the kids love the ravioli with a side o broccoli. We go here at least once a month for a family treat
4	Awesome experience Best service ever Food was Delicious can't say enough about this location
3	The Breadsticks and salad are consistently good. The entrees are subpar in my opinion. Its commercial grade fake italian food and I get that, although, I feel like they are falling short of even doing that well. This olive garden was better a year ago when i went there than it was tonight.
1	My girlfriend and I dined at this location last night and she got food poisoning. She was sick and miserable all night. Definitely the last time I will be eating here.
4	I've eaten here tons of times and the service is always great. They're very accommodating as well. The food is always good (as good as a chain restaurant can be). Never had a bad experience here!
2	Why must you keep disappointing me Olive Garden, why?! Was in there yestersay July 22, for lunch and it was pretty empty in there for a while so no excuses. It took a little while after being seated for someone to come over to take our drink order it felt like forever especially after coming out of 100 degree weather. Then, after drinks it took another lifetime to get our food order taken which we should of just done after we ordered, since we ALWAYS order the samething.  It took 11 minutes after ordering our food to get our soup and salad I feel like that is a little ridiculous. The people sitting behind us arrived 20 minutes after us and got their soups and salads at the sametime we did.   Luckily the chicken wasn't undercooked this time it was perfect! I would probably have to say we experienced all of this due to our server as another table was also complaining about her.
1	I don't understand the great reviews... I went here yesterday around 3pm and it was the busiest I've seen any restaurant in a long time. The wait was around 15-20 minutes. I called to make a reservation at 11:30am that day for a reservation at 3pm and the girl who answered said that it has to be within 2 hours of the reservation. I said ok and called at 2:30pm and she said I couldn't make one because it has to be within 2 hours... I advised her that I had called at 11:30am and they told me the same thing so I couldn't make a reservation. They need to say "You need to make it outside of 2 hours of when you are supposed to be arriving" or not say it at all. What they are saying is the complete opposite of what they are asking for. When I arrived I was meeting a couple other people and the lady at the front asked who we were meeting, she said oh they are in the back and the first table on the left.... ok? Thanks for NOT showing me! The service was horrible and took at least 10 minutes for more salad and breadsticks and about that time to get our drinks as well. I wont be going back.
5	Phenomenal service. Server Brian was extremely polite, attentive and helpful. Good was great, there was just so much! Would definitely recommend to someone looking to have a quick dinner but something nicer than fast food
4	Came in 20 min. before the store was closing after a 8 hour drive from SD, I wasn't sure if they'd serve us, I asked if we could just order something to go.  The host was very welcoming & insisted that they were still open & able to serve us dining in.  I was relieved as it had been a long day in the car & it was raining out.  We sat down, our order was taken, the food came fast & piping hot.  Our server was so sweet, in fact even the staff that wasn't serving us, greeted us & everyone was just so friendly.... maybe it was because it was almost time to go home... lol but regardless, everyone made it a very nice experience for 2 weary travelers.
5	My wife and I stopped late one Saturday for a few appetizers and a nite cap. Very friendly staff and really enjoyed the food. It will not be the last time we stop by!!!
1	Terrible service, Don't even try ordering ToGo. that is, unless you want to wait for 20 min when you arrive to pick it up.  I even showed up 5 min late from there timeframe that they had me for my food to be ready.  pretty ridiculous! I won't be going back.  Food was cold and soggy when I received it.  If I could rate zero stars I would have!  If youre reading this review and contemplating coming here...dont!  Never Come to this olive Garden!
4	I don't write a lot of reviews but I had to for this experience.I don't have high expectations when I go to Olive Garden. Not because it's a bad restaurant; simply because it's not a particularly fancy restaurant. I go there because I like the food and I think it's worth it to brave the noise level. Normally I expect about 2 hours from checking in with the hostess to paying the bill. This dinner only lasted a little over an hour. In no way did I feel rushed, however. It was actually very nice to have things move quickly as my parents and I had just been traveling and we were extremely tired.Our waiter, Philemon, was very polite, courteous and attentive. Our drink and food orders were at our table within about 10 minutes of ordering. The only issue we had with the food was that my mother's Chicken and Gnocchi soup didn't come with any gnocchi. We're not really sure why that happened but she ate all of it so apparently it didn't bother her overmuch.There wasn't anything necessarily spectacular about this experience but it took me by surprise and I felt I had to share. I definitely recommend this location.
1	First, the positives, from a business standpoint, on a Friday night, the place was packed with a 25 minute wait time. The service was good and food was brought to the table quickly. and the wait staff was friendly,OK, done with the positives. Now, on the the others. The place is extremely noisy, all solid surfaces and sound just bounces off of everything. Then the food. Hard to mess up a simple salad,  so that was OK. I am not sure why this place calls itself Italian, must be a different kind of Italian cooking than I grew up with. I ordered vegetarian pasta with the Diablo (spicy) tomato sauce. My son the linguine with the same sauce. Both of the pastas  tasted like fiberboard, with one over cooked and the other under cooked, not al dente, just under cooked. The sauce was like a can of crushed tomatoes with some unfamiliar tasting hot peppers added. Could not taste any other herbs or spices, like basil, oregano, bay leaves. Just bland with a bit of heat. NOT Italian at all. Neither of us finished the plate. Didn't work at all for me, but apparently the American palate loves it as witnessed by the crowd. To me it was like an upscale can of Chef Boyarde, upscale in presentation, not in taste. I will never go back.
5	I spent time to visit again and the second visit was a complete 360 to the first. The service was much better and we were taken care of.
1	wrote back to Chris and never heard from him, so much for that.
1	The service has really gone down hill, they have 0 customer service nor can they handle groups of 10 or more. What a shame this restaurant used to be good.
4	Olive Garden has decent food...the bread sticks and salad are always a favorite. We ordered the Alfredo pizza...but when the waiter brought out the food it was the Alfredo pasta, easy mix up. However, the manager came over and apologize for the confusion and offered a free appetizer, which was nice. Overall, the food was good and the service was pleasant.
2	I have been under the weather and wanted soup. To Olive Garden we go! I was excited to see that they have the little tablets on the tables now so you can order drinks, appetizers, and pay on them too. Had some weird mishaps from the start.I ordered a peach tea and when our server brought it out, my friend noticed the glass was dirty. So our server said he'd bring me another one. When he came back, he accidentally brought a pink lemonade or something. So he went back again to get the correct drink. I was disappointed that there were no frozen peaches in the bottom... did they stop doing that? That was the best part, eating the peaches at the end. :( When I took a sip, it was almost warm and quite syrupy. Needed more ice. My friend gave me most of the ice cubes from his water. The server did come by and ask if we wanted more ice. I said yes, but he forgot to bring it... Oh well.I ordered the soup (minestrone) & breadsticks, no salad. We also ordered the risotto bites as an appetizer, which the server entered into the tablet for us (I would have rather done it myself). The girl at the table next to us was texting the whole time, with the sound on so we had to hear the stupid chime... The people who eat here are always so oblivious to others around them.My soup and my friend's salad came out before the risotto bites. Considering the soup was my entree, I thought he would bring it out with my friend's entree. Guess not. The breadsticks were fresh and garlicky so that was good. And the risotto bites were yummy as usual. Breaded cheesy rice balls served with marinara. Genius! When I was getting low on my soup, our server asked if I'd like another bowl. I said yes, and he brought it out right away. Wasn't even done with the first one... Over eager server! Better than a neglectful one but still...My first bite of the second bowl of soup was surprisingly salty! I was taken aback! It had to have been from a different pot than the first... it wasn't bad enough to send back, but it was noticeably salty. :( When a guy came by with a pitcher of peach tea, I still didn't see any peaches in there... We had a gift card and were able to pay with that on the kiosk. It even prints out your receipt, which is nice. We were going to do the survey, but it timed out without warning. Pfft! But our server brought us 6 Andes mints so that was appreciated. Rocky visit, but I know we'll be back.
1	Wow. So I ordered to go and whoever answered the phone sounded like she was in the middle of a parade! I asked what soup they had and she says no we don't have any promotions. I told her no soup and she said hold on while I find another phone. She switched phones but I could still barely get my order through. I wouldn't have really minded much I've worked in the restaurant business but she had no customer service at all. This place is ghetto. Ghetto ghetto. You would think in a chain such as this there would be some kind of quality control and thorough training but I've been to this location on a couple occasions and the service has never improved. Ghetto. Oh. And to top it off, she told me 40 minutes wait for soup bread sticks and tiramisu... Wow.
2	We love Olive Garden.  We have gone to the Olive Garden in Rochester, MN and Kansas City, and Chandler, AZ, but the one in Goodyear is not the same.  It is like a training ground for average cooks.  Everything is a bit off.  The salad was not up to snuff tonight.  Tired tomatoes were 2 pieces in the whole salad with a ton of croutons.  The gravy on the Chicken Marsala was runny and weak.  The Zuppa Tuscana was interesting.  Big chunks of meat in it that had not been broken down prior to being added to the pot.  This Olive Garden needs a new chef and new management.  They continue to be busy, but they are not a very good store in Goodyear.  Go elsewhere and get happy.  Wait staff is great!  Food was sub par, but eatable.
