3	Very nice place.  Actually, too nice.  I prefer my bars on the grimy side.Used to be a cigar bar but the local legislature has put an end to that.  They probably should have been given an exception but that's an arguement for another time.
3	This bar has adopted a charming and smirky attitude from being so closely involved in losing the smoking ban fight.  This charm has now translated somewhat to the service as well, which makes me feel like I could just go to the twenty other bars within a two-block radius rather then wait 30 minutes to get my tab.  Those black couches still rule, though, and I'm always stoked to see Jeremy Thomas spin records.
4	Though I haven't been in a long time, Maduro has the distinct pleasure of taking my GI Bill money during my last semester of college.  I think it single handedly dropped my grade in Philosophy of Law from an A to a B.  But hey, the cushy couches, tasty wine, and hot bartender were enough to keep me coming back.  I don't remember who the guy was who played every friday night, but he was pretty good too! I should go back again.
3	I'm not a smoker.  However, there IS something about the smell of "Ligero" cigars and sipping an Armagnac.  I don't know, it's sweet, it's lingering, and it's an experience. Although it's funny when Joe Scalisi is singing some Frank Sinatra song in the background.  'Cause come on, can you say CLICHE!It's a good place to just REALLY relax, sip something, and just take the moment in.Then leave, before your lungs get in smoke overload.
4	Yes, your hair and clothes will stAnk like grandpa cigar smoke well after you leave this establishment however, this swankish place will offer you a nice fat smoke, fine caramel colored intoxicants and last but not least, lusciously smooth chocolates from Cocoliquot...brilliant idea for a bar I must say!  And if you're really lucky and get there a little early, you may get to hear Lovage's "Music to make love to your old lady by" playing in the background - PERRRRFECT music for this smoke hazed place.One of my favorite drinks here is the Belgium specialty beer on tap: Lindemans Framboise Raspberry Lambic beer.  It's sweet, refreshing and totally yummy!  It was serendipity when I saw it here since I've only ever had it back home in San Francisco when my husband made me try it after his business trip from Brussels.  I've been in love with this beverage ever since..
4	I was looking for a place to go after realizing decline in the service quality and over population at Natt Spill. Love the couches and the lounge feel. When I visited here on Saturday night with my friend, a DJ started his gigg around 10:30pm~ . I liked the music - slightly 80s, but most of the time a nice chill music to complement the atmosphere. I don't smoke, and if you don't want to inhale the cigar smoke, I advise you to sit close to the entrance area. If it's not too terribly cold, I want to try a cigar and hang outside. The wine selection is pretty good, although per glass price is on the higher side (compared to offerings at Barrique etc). Bartenders are attentive and professional.  Overall, a good grown up place.
4	Ahhh; M A D _ _ O's.  What's missing?  U R!   (I loved that ad of their's...)I enjoy a cigar here from time to time; favorites drinks here are the Brazen Hussy  and the Pink Panther.  Bar tenders are attentive, true dat.  Always have a new cigar to suggest along with some cool song playing in the background...Simple, down to earth with a pinch of elegance.
5	Maduro's.Always there when you need it.After a disappointing dinner on Madison's West Side, my Beau & I headed here because it was too early to go home.We go to order our usual's...WHAT?!?  Say it ain't so - they no longer carry his Pierre Ferrand cognac. GASP.  Something with the distributors...  He orders some other light cognac at the recommendation of the guy bar tender.  He's content.  He orders me a Pink Panther.  I get a Corona cigar for him and something in the case I personally haven't seen before.  Something called "Eileens Dream."  Yum-Yum!  I have 2 before the night is through.The DJ - DJ Jeremy Thomas I think it was, was jammin'.  OMGoodness.Isaac Hayes, Lonnie Liston Smith, Bill Withers, Stevie Wonder, etc., etc., etc.The music, ambiance, music, him making me laugh, music and the drink & cigars (and the music) were all friggin' Out-Stand-ing.Haul your ass to Maduro's next Saturday and see what I'm talkin' 'bout.Spankii Yum-Yum has spoken.
4	Maduro would be my favorite place to hang in town if it weren't for the smoke.  I know it's a cigar bar, but I don't smoke.  Nevertheless, the atmosphere is super cool and I've always had great service from the bartenders.  Enough good beers to placate the beer snobs (like me), and enough other stuff for everyone else.  Super awesome place to be on an off night when it's sparse.
3	It's going to be tough for me to put an accurate review down for Maduro.  I went there last weekend with my friends, and the concept of a relaxing cigar bar in Madison sounded very appealing.  But we ran into some obstacles, and I'm hoping it was just an employee having a bad day or something because if it wasn't I'm pretty sure I wouldn't go here again.I walked into the bar with 3 of my friends; they went to have a seat on the nice leather couches while I went to the bar to order.  A female bartender approached me, with somewhat of a scowl on her face, and  when I asked for a jack and coke + 4 shots, she gruffly said NO, and demanded to see my ID.  Now granted, I'm 26 years old so I'm no old-timer, but at the same time I'm not a college kid and I have a beard to boot.  Still, I realize it is a bar so I have no problem with someone asking for my ID but it was the way in which she did it that was very aggressive and unpleasant.  After seeing my ID, she then demands to see the IDs of the rest of my friends.  So finally everyone shows there ID, and she makes some remark about how we all look too young.Well, finally we get her to be quiet and we go sit down and enjoy our drinks and cigars.  As for the atmosphere of the place, I really dug the comfy couches, the tables inbetween, and the overall cosy atmosphere.  If you want to go have a break after being out at other bars or simply a good nightcap, the Maduro had it going on.  The cigars were tasty, although they didn't have any of the three I usually smoke (and they're fairly common - Cohibas, Arturo Fuentes, a smaller cigar that my memory is failing me on).  One of the issues though with they're couch/table setup is that the opposing couches are just a tad too far away from each other for good conversation while your relaxing.  You could sit up and talk easy enough, but if you let yourself sink into the leather chairs, the bar noise would often drown out your companions.  Not that it was extremely loud in the bar, but the chatter and music would do enough to have an impact.When we were about to leave, we walked up to the bar and my friend asked if he could close his tab.  The same bartender barked at him "Well I guess you'd HAVE TO wouldn't you."  I could see how maybe some could play this off as a joke, but the way she said it again made it sound like it was at my friend's expense.  Needless to say it was a capper on an already mixed experience, so I'm really hoping it was just an employee on her way out the door.So there you have it.  My review see-saws back and forth and that's about how I feel.  This place has great potential, and it's a lot better than hemmingways (not to mention a much better location), but coming from Milwaukee I've seen bars like this done much better.  If you can catch a good bartender, you'll probably have a very nice time.
5	quite possibly my fav bar in madison.  They have really good cigars, the ventilation keeps the air decent.  It's very very comfortable and cozy and Sundays with DJ Nick Nice is an awesome cherry on top.
4	Hope this place doesn't go up in smoke with the statewide smoking ban. Excellent selection of drinks. Selection of cigars left A LOT to be desired. I can understand the mark-ups, but let's also be a bit reasonable. The music last night when we went in around 12ish was horrible. The DJ looked like he thought he was cool. Let's just let him keep thinking that. I don't know what kind of mood he was looking to set, but it was reminiscient of the music playing in the background when I had my wisdom teeth pulled. I'll spin better tracks and do it for free if Maduro will let me!
4	Best retro cool thing: Joe Scalissi, a Dean Martin impersonator, sings from 9:30 to 12:30 every Friday night.It's the perfect venue to pick up that dreamy guy who is just a bit too old for you and take him home.  All set to the "sounds of the Rat Pack...."
5	This place is mellow, sexy, smoky, and just plain cool.  Hubby and I ended our night here after a late dinner at Johnny Delmonico's on Saturday.  We sank into a wide rich leather couch with a couple of stiff pours of whiskey and proceeded to people watch, luxuriate in the cigar smoke, and stare googly eyed at each other for an hour or so.  It may have been the five drinks I had that evening or the rainstorm that only added to the ambiance, but we adored this bar.
5	Wonderful bar.Nice retro interior,  great Knowledge bartenders.   Vanessa (I believe thats her name) the manager is awesome. She is sweet and knows her bar business.    It is great place and I threw a great party there once and loved it.  The only downsides, is that I wish they had sum food and also some stronger smoke exhaust. Sometimes it gets really smoky!!Good place to go
5	I love this quaint little place hidden away from the more known hustle and bustle of downtown madison. It is a nice Cigar bar the features some live DJing and some nights, really comfortable leather seats and a great selection of beers. It is a great place to mellow out and have a really relaxing night!
5	Easily my new favorite place in Madison. Great atmosphere, drink selection and music.  Will be back often.
4	With the new non-smoking laws, Maduro is an oasis. Having lived in Madison for a number of years, I used to call Maduro my home-away-from-home. Even though there is cigar smoke, the air is not thick with fog and the nightly music acts just add to the ambiance of the historic building. The bartender staff is highly knowledgable and is always willing to suggest a cocktail to suit your mood. While I miss Joe Scalissi singing Rat Pack standards on Fridays, the new DJ lineup is great and down tempo mixes are soothing and fitting.
5	A mandatory watering hole if you appreciate attentive service, solid scotch selection and (occasional) decent live music. If the name/logo leave it unclear:  remember your clothes will smell of cigars the next day.
4	Mmmm...smoke.Okay, I don't really get very "mmmm" about smoke, but I must say--Maduro is a fine, fine bar. I'm there for the beer (obviously).The only problem is obvious--it's a cigar bar. Naturally, this leaves you with two options: 1) drink outside, or 2) wear disposable clothing. In the summer and spring, I opt for #1, when it's cold, I go for #2.Fantastic selection of beer, and definitely one of the best in Madison. Unlike the Old Fashioned, which focuses heavily on Wisconsin beers, Maduro looks around the world. I know there's always going to be a fantastically hoppy beer on tap (or a bunch, if they're doing a tasting of the many varieties of Mad Hatter), a few Belgian sours (my absolute favorite), something from He'Brew (yay, Jews!), and an awesome beer on cask.In terms of quality, these guys rival Malthouse. They may not have as many beers, but whoever is choosing the taps? Daaaaaaaaaaaamn, guy (or girl) knows what they're doing.
3	I enjoy a cigar now and again but don't know much about how to choose. Maduro is helpful for that reason :) The last time I was there, it was a Saturday night but close to bar time.  It wasn't very busy yet my friends and I ended up standing at the bar for about 10 minutes before being acknowledged.  Regardless, the drinks were strong and so was the cigar!
4	I'm writing this as my coat is airing out--it won't be wearable for a couple of days.Maduro still stands up to the test of time--cool, soothing jazz (from a DJ) accompany the hazy, smoky venue. It feels so...classy. If I drank scotch, I'd certainly be sipping some while puffing on a cigar. But...I'm a beer snob, and a scotch noob (sp?). SO...Outstanding beer selection, as always. Expedition Stout on tap is something you won't see very often. Wish it was on cask, but they had a great brown ale in that department. My excitement, though? An awesome Destihl Altbier and, more importantly, Duchesse de Bourgnogne on tap! It's one of those nice sours that's not too sweet, which is a problem mainly.So, why 4 stars? Well, Malthouse got Jacobins on tap this week, and if I'm giving them 5 stars for having one of the best sours, then Maduro gets 4 for one that's "only" very good.I'll be back...when I can go outside.
5	"No undergrads" says it all. Madura has a lovely atmosphere with good music (that you can still chat over!) The staff are friendly and knowledgable on all drinks and cigars, and very willing to make suggestions and help out. It's an intimate location, could have reeked of pretension but was so approachable. Finding this gem made our night.
5	This is my favorite spot in Madison. One of the few places to bother with a variance from Madison's smoking ban, they managed to stay afloat in the early days due to the awesome atmosphere. This is a great spot to enjoy a scotch and a cigar. Their scotch selection is a little limited, but they at least have some of the important labels.Their humidor has a good selection with a wide price range, so it is a perfect way to try some new cigars or introduce your friends to cigar smoking. They'll cut your cigar, and they have plenty of wooden matches and cedar wood strips to get your selection lit properly.I enjoy lounging on one of their plush couches, chairs, and loveseats. They play different types of music, and on Fridays they usually have a DJ. The result of this is a strange fusion of conservative cigar aficionados, hipsters who enjoy the drinks, tap beers, and eclectic music, and the random attractive ladies who like to dance to some jams proffered by Friday's DJs.I never know what to expect, except that I can expect to have a thoroughly enjoyable experience.
5	I was traveling on business that landed me in Madison.  I did my usual Yelp research to find places I wanted to try.  Somehow this place escaped me.  I had a great dinner at a local spot just about a block away.  I had asked the waitress/bartender if she had any suggestions.  I still had enough in my power banks for one last stop for the night.  Maduro was her suggestion.  This place could not have been any more perfect.  Great chill spot for a quiet wind down to the end of the night.  Decent selection of cigars mainltained perfectly in their double door humidor.  A different selection of beers from what I had seen in the places I had been the prior night.  Nice to see a creative variety.   I was further sold with this place when I saw Duchesse de Bourgogne on draft.  One of my favorite beers in the world. Very creative cocktail list, and excellent variety of spirits.  Not an overabundance, but if you had good products, you don't need many.  Talented bartender to say the least.It was a quiet early mid-week night, but the ventilation system was impressive.   There were a few at the bar smoking, and there was a serious pull upwards with all of the smoke.  Can't say enough great about this place.  My reposado tequila and chartreuse cocktail expertly crafted by the bartender, matched with a Flor Fina Cigar from Arturo Fuente will be remembered for time to come.Side note:  In order for this place to continue operating - 15% of their revenue has to come from cigar sales.  Splurge a little when you go and honor yourself with a cigar.  I come from MA, and the % of cigar sales in the VERY few remaining cigar lounges in our state is shockingly higher.  51% to be precise (and no, this is not a typo).   In MA the cigar bar is near extinction.  Embrace what you have in WI.
5	If you are a fan of bourbon and cigars, this is the place to go.  Nothing like it in town.  Leather lounge seating - perfect when there's a chill in the air.
5	Going to Maduro is like going to your grandpop's place if he's a gent that smokes like a chimney, listens to cool tunes and has a crazy collection of digestifs for sipping.  My clothes still smell like the place, and whereas two years after my first visit I would have given the joint one star for smelling up my wooly fibers, this is actually the reason I'm giving them a high five!Sound strange? Let me try to explain. Friday was pretty fantastic. After bouncing around the Capitol drinking all the drinks, some friends and I decided to nab just one more. If cigars are your thing, Maduro is the place to end the night. And if cigars aren't your thing (as is the case with me) there is a carefully curated selection of cocktails and an interesting line-up of spirits for sipping. I let the bartender know I wanted to wind down with some Amaro, but I wasn't interested in a neat pour, I was looking for a cocktail. She pointed me to one they have with rye and nocino, which is an Italian walnut liquor made when you soak green, or unripe walnuts in spirits. If I didn't know any better, I'd say Kevin (formally of Papaero) steeps this liquor for them because you can't find it in Madison... but don't quote me on that. In addition to a lovely libation the DJ on Friday was super swank. Loud enough that we could appreciate the tunes he spun right round, but not so intrusive that my merry gang couldn't gab about life. The place close to closing wasn't packed which made it easy to find space and getting something from the bar was a cinch with two people behind it and a wee crowd of a dozen or so. Credit card minimum is $15, so carry cash if you want one or plan to buy a bud a round as I did. And two days later, I still have Maduro all up in my sweater and coat. A younger me that worried about everything would have put it outside or in the dryer with a fabric softener sheet, but I rather like that my memories of our delightful evening have stayed with me.
4	Looking for a cigar and 3 fingers of bourbon? I'm not often, but when I am, Maduro is the place.  We went for our homeboys birthday and thoroughly enjoyed our time.  Felt like some classy folk!  Straight out of Guys & Dolls.Having not ever bought a cigar and bourbon together in a bar before, I wish the bartender would have been a little more friendly/helpful...but otherwise I fun time!
