3	Decent breakfast place but a bit expensive. You get better value at Cora and you get better food at Cafe Orange. Still, if you're in the area and want to eat, it's not a bad choice.
4	I love the character of this breakfast spot!  Right at the corner of Sherbrooke and Oxford.  To me I can't compare a restaurant like this to large chains, I much prefer a small independent.  I agree that portions size at some of the chains is bigger, but I know personally, I could use a smaller portion size anyways!!  I didn't have anything fancy here, just a cheese omelet, but I was cooked just right!  Real cheddar melted in nicely and the eggs not over cooked, (as a lot of places do in my opinion).I sort of wished I had ordered the fruit filled pancakes after I was someone else with them, (and they sure seemed to love them!)...next time!    I will definitely be back as I love to support the places that have been around for so long and keep ticking!  I know in the summer you can sit outside as well...
2	I didn't find it that bad, but it certainly wasn't good. It's a shame this place doesn't live up, because it's a neat-looking little diner in a great location. Service was typical Montreal aloof, food was not worth the time. Do yourself a favor and go to Cosmos down the street, or anywhere else at all really.
3	Alright, so we came here because it was in my old neighborhood and I always saw the place packed with hipsters on weekends. And if hipsters know anything about anything, it's brunch.My husband and I went in on a Tuesday, late morning. Our waitress was brand spankin' new, so she didn't have the answer to a lot of our questions right off the bat, but that's okay. She checked to see if they had soy or almond milk (they had neither) and she didn't make it a big deal when we moved ourselves inside, since our spot on the patio was a little breezy.The coffee was decent enough that I drank it black (though it takes a really bad cup of coffee to keep me from drinking it altogether), but the real deal-maker was The Elvis - French toast, slathered with peanut butter, and topped with sliced banana and five pieces of perfectly-cooked bacon. The owner (I think?) took our food order and joked that if we didn't want to pay, we could sing some Elvis tunes instead (lucky for him it was an exhausting couple of days and I couldn't think of any Elvis lyrics that early in the day). We also got the fruit plate, which was huge and had a good variety of ripe fruit - melons, berries, grapes, citrus, etc. - but it was topped with powdered sugar, which I would definitely skip next time.The decor was kitschy, with pages from an Elvis cookbook framed and hung on the walls, and when you're finished you just walk up to the cash and pay. Oh, and no credit cards - debit and cash only!
1	I agree with what others have said: it's a shame it's not better because it's such a cute place.  Sadly it's also expensive with less-than-alright food, and slow service. Went once, but never again.
1	Decent breakfast, terrible ownership.  I've eaten here a few times and there is always some 'issue' with the owners (myself or neighbouring tables) This morning it was about false advertising of 'coffee included'. A group near me argued they were charged for coffee when the sign outside clearly says it's included. The owner proceeded to say she can do anything she wants and that they were cheap.  GREAT customer service.  Too bad.  This place could be good.  Too much drama to be coming back here.
