2	I have only ever been to this Zizzi once and everything about it screams average, my friend and I only went because of a two for one offer that I'd come across. When we arrived at the restaurant, it took ages for us to get a seat because of the throngs of office workers taking up all the tables. Although the restaurant was physically clean, it seemed a bit grotty to me (like the way that a McDonald's is grotty). Our food was pretty standard; I had a pizza, which was freshly baked but could just as easily have been one of Tesco's Finest, and my friend had a seafood pasta, which was somewhat lacking in seafood. The service was alright, but not particularly friendly or quick. I don't think I shall be returning.
4	Zizzi was revamped at the end of 2013. Now the decoration is fresh, bright and comfortable. The staff are well trained and friendly. The food is good and very fresh. They make the best tiramisu I have found in Edinburgh.
1	Worst restaurant in town . Staff were rude, service was slow and food was average. Won't be going there again.....
3	when trying to book a table the last friday before christmas i was stuck.  phoning a few places clearly showed that even at 6pm they were all booked solid for the evening and with a my fingers crossed and last bit of hope i phoned Zizzi to see if there was the chance of a free table.  the man who answered the phone very happily assured me that there was and took my booking.now i know edinburgh is all about the independent restaurants and bars, but sometimes the reliability of a chain does come in handy.  especially when you're wanting a relatively quick dinner at a decent price.  when we arrived friday we were shown a table in the middle of the dining room but after seeing another couple more from a table near the window which appeared quieter we asked to be moved there.  they happily accomdated us and we were soon sat contemplating menus.  after a rather lengthy wait trying to get our waitress' attention we eventually managed to order and food arrived shortly.i think it's hard to do italian wrong and Zizzi definitely is a place that gets it right.  i had a chicken and spinach calzone which was really quite good, full of spinach and a bechamel sauce with a dried ham on top.  it could have used a bit more chicken but overall it was quite good.  the white wine we got with the meal was easy to drink and a good price.  the only downfall was the wait to actually order food when it appeared our waitress had actually forgotten that we existed.  however for a quick meal on one of the busiest friday nights of the year this was a good option.
