5	I love Coach.Stylish and trendy without spending an obscene amount of money on a bag. Sure they are still a bit more pricey than a purse at Target, but you are paying for name. The sales associates are really nice and won't hesitate talking to you. I only have a few things from Coach because usually I can't justify spending to much money to accessories, but anything you buy here you can use forever. A coach bag will probably never go out of style.
5	I love everything about Coach!  They stand behind their product 100% and not many places can say that. I recently had to send a bag back to the repair department and they were unable to repair it, so they sent me a voucher for the value of the bag I returned so I could replace it.  I used my voucher at this location and was thrilled with the service I recieved.  The gentleman who assisted me with my purchase was honest and very helpful.  All of the sales associates are friendly, but not pushy or snooty.  All of the products are easily accessable and they encourage you to try things on, in fact, they even let you place your belongings in the bags to help you get a feel for how the bag is before you buy it.  There are also plenty of mirrors so you can see how great your selection looks before you purchase.  The store was very clean and organized.  I shopped there on a Saturday and it was busy but not packed.  I didn't have to wait long in line and my purchase was already bagged when I got to the counter.  In my opinion it is worth spending a little extra money on a handbag for the high quality/style and great customer service you recieve at Coach!  I always recommend this location when my friends are looking for that perfect handbag!
3	This place is a flagship store...that means it has almost all Coach merchandise including special/limited edition items...yay...the staff are lacking though...they are not friendly and I have been in here so many times and only about 20% of the time they even said hello and asked how i was doing...i have never been asked if they could help me...i have always had to ask...i used to work in retail for a while and this is not how you keep customers...but the store is beautiful and the bags and merchandise are awesome!!  I will always be loyal to Coach!
4	I came here because they were the only ones in the Phoenix area with the bag I wanted. The staff was very friendly & even helped me pick out a wallet. So why not the 5 stars? Well..when I got home and looked at my bag, I noticed it had a pink mark on the front. Looked like lipstick. I didn't mind at first thinking I could take it to San Tan Village & have it cleaned at that coach store. But when I called San Tan they recommended that I exchange the bag because I should have gotten one in "pristine condition." Unfortunately San Tan could only order me one online. So I had to drive all the way back to Scottsdale to exchange my bag. & when I got there they only had the floor model left! After a long inspection of the bag I decided to take the floor model home. The staff wasn't really apologetic either. They probably thought I stained the bag or something.I will definitely be ordering online from now on. Check your purchases before you leave the store!
4	Staff was friendly and nice selection.
1	Quite disappointed with my experience here.I was looking for a specific item (a black/grey cell phone case which they had on their website) for a birthday gift for my girlfriend and because I work near by to Scottsdale Fashion Square, I figured I would check there to save on shipping/be more convenient for me.They did not have the item in the store but offered to order it for me and I was told that it would take "3-5 days" to arrive to the store (which is where I asked for it to be sent due to the location of where I work).  Now I assumed that the 3 to 5 days were business days but seeing as I was ordering it on Saturday the 14th and didn't need it until Saturday the 21st, I figured that at the worst it would be there on the Friday which I explained all of this to the saleswoman before making the transaction.After receiving no call by Friday afternoon, I put in a call to the store to ask what the status was and the saleswoman told me that it was scheduled to arrive the following Wednesday (the 25th).  Shocked, I explained the time frame that I was given when I ordered the case and the saleswoman stated that the time frame should have been 5-7 business days (which as it turns out, the 25th would still be 8 business days after it was ordered).  The saleswoman also tried to explain away the delay by saying that it may have been due to the holiday, to which I thought to myself "what holiday is in the middle of September?", and the saleswoman quickly followed the holiday explanation up with "I mean its only a Jewish holiday, but it may have caused a delay".  This definitely shocked me (only a Jewish holiday?) but I proceeded to take the steps to see if my order could be taken care of in the time frame I was looking for.  She looked at other stores in the Valley but it wasn't there.After hanging up with the sales woman, I was looking at the receipt and noticed that the original saleswoman had ORDERED THE WRONG COLOR.  Completely miffed at this point, I called back to check if the color I had asked for originally was at any of the stores and again the answer was no, and after discussing the incorrect order the saleswoman said that they could cancel the order and reorder in the correct color and have it one day shipped to the store.Given the circumstance, I understand that they did what they could but why wouldn't you have just one day shipped the original order? That way when it was wrong, I would have known in time to make other arrangements.  Also, the sales staff may want to work a little bit more on listening to what the customer is asking for/ordering and not saying insensitive things like "only a Jewish holiday" because it will certainly be a long time before I go to this location (if ever) again.  Stick to online shopping or only buying what you can walk out of the store with when it comes to this store.
