5	I started taking my Beau here a couple months ago and love it. They always do a good job and don't kidnapp my dog for long hours. I used to be a customer of PetCo, which is right across the street but Pawsh Wash is considerably better in many ways. Quality of the cut, pricing and cleanliness.
4	I was visiting my family in Las Vegas and brought along my 3 year old westie. I was visiting for over a month and he needed a grooming. After searching various pet groomers, I decided to give this place a try. This place was great! The owner was very friendly and my westie came out looking and smelling wonderful! Highly recommend this groomer!
5	Friendly staff, fast service and reasonably priced.Took my dog here two times and both experiences were excellent.
5	Four paws up!! After our regular groomer moved away had a hard time finding a good reasonably priced groomer. After a few "misses"found Pawsh Wash!! Have three Pomeranians Lola Belle, Bear and Foxy and they love going in for their groom.Great friendly staff, reasonably priced and centrally located!
3	It's variable. Sometimes I'm very pleased when I pick up my Shih Tzus and sometimes it's a bit of a hack job. It really just depends on who is doing the grooming. My dogs aren't always easy to deal with so I'm sure that is a factor too but a little consistency here would be great. Not the best but certainly not the worst I have experienced.
5	What a hidden gem! Tucked away behind a Taco Bell sits one of the best dog groomers I have found on the Southwest side of town. My Mini Australian Shepherd received the full grooming and looked magnificent afterward. The staff was friendly, the price was very reasonable, and even though they were busy, they still managed to squeak me in on a weekend without an advance appointment. I will definitely be back. My Aussie looks like a rock star!
5	I love this place and they love my dog!  They are very caring and compassionate, truly go the extra mile.  The grooming prices are competitive, but your pet will not leave traumatized.  I actually had that slight feeling of sorrow when I picked my dog up because he had obviously bonded with the groomer.  I will certainly be back and can only recommend this place to others!
3	Took my girlfriends shih-tzu's here for grooming a few times. Most of the time, the haircuts are very nicely done. There have been a couple times whee the fur was an absolute disaster and uneven. They weren't even matted and managed to cut our dogs underarm. As Traci T mentioned, consistency would be nice, especially when we are paying nearly $100 for two dogs.
5	We've been taking our Maltipom Gizmo here for years. I can say I have only been disappointed maybe once or twice when I think they were super busy and his hair wasn't as even as it usually is. Not too bad considering we go here every 2-3 months. We usually call early in the morning and they take us the same day. I love how they know Gizmo and know his "usual" hair style. Gizmo doesn't seem afraid when he goes there, and you can tell they truly care about their doggie clients!For the works including wash, cut, nails, etc. it is reasonably priced at $45. Gizmo always looks proud of his cut when he's done. This place is cash only but that's not bad for the exceptional service!
1	This place is a big joke! When the old lady was trimming my dog's nail, my dog jump off the table and run to the (half) door. My dog was so scared and wanted to jump over the door. The lady was trying to pick up my dog but I told her not to cause he might jump again and fracture his leg. He has a history of leg fracture. I told her before handing my dog to her that he is all shaky and always jittery with other people. When she was still trying to scoop up my dog, my dog bit her and she was fuming mad. He yelled at my dog (in front of me) and her exact words were "THAT'S IT! I'M DONE WITH YOU!" Then she shoved my dog out of the door with her legs (or should I say he kicked my dog out of the door?). I got so mad and yelled at her why kicked my dog and she said denied that she kick my dog. She was even telling me to at least say sorry for my dog bit her. I could have said sorry if she didn't kick my dog. Then I ask her that I just want my other dog out. He just got a bath and was shaved (which is what they always do even if I tell them to leave an inch or half an inch of hair. I guess that's what they call grooming =  shaving down!) I told them I don't care if he's not done or what, I just want to get out of that place. So the other lady handed my dog to me and guess what the old lady said? I wasn't paid yet! So I freaking told her that I have money and I can pay. I handed her a $100 bill and she charged me the full fee WITH NO RECEIPT! FYI, you can only pay cash and they don't give out any receipt!They advertise that they have a friendly environment but it's the other way around. And their shampoo sucks! I ended up giving my dogs a bath when we got home. Will NEVER go back to this place and will NEVER recommend this place to other people.
1	Terrible groomer for cats. May be ok for dogs but definitely do not take your kitty here. Their groomer cut my girlfriends cats leg and he has a scar from it. She decided to give them a 2nd change and the groomer cancelled the appointment. She gave them a third chance and the groomer cancelled again, without even notifying her! If you have a cat stay away from this place.
5	Jeanie always does our fosters and she does a GREAT job! We had a little rescue that came in terribly matted and she had to shave him down. And he is little nippy!! So when we picked him up, he was a different dog!! Would recommend!!
4	My America Eskimo is a regular here ! I love that the staff always remembers Bazbi and they remember everything he needs . The staff is friendly and the facility is clean . I don't know what they do but whenever I bring my dog here his coat stays softer than when I take him anywhere else ! Very reasonable prices too!!  They also always give him a cute bandana!!!Only reason this is 4 star is because once I noticed they had trimmed the hair on his tail when I had never asked them to and i had always liked his fluffy tail:(.
5	Love the atmosphere and the prices are soooo reasonable. Staff is very helpful and great with the pups. Won't take our baby girl any where else! Thank you!!
5	Immediately felt like family when we went in. This was our first time at Pawsh Wash and they were extremely friendly and everyone working there looked happy to be there. Our dog's grooming was the best I have seen in Vegas and we have been to multiple groomers around town. We will definitely be back for our dog's next grooming.
1	They are very accommodating w/ appointments, make prompt return calls & priced ok for the area.  I was not pleased w/ my dog's cut however so it could have cost $10 or $100 & it would have been a bad value.  My dog is a Maltese/Terrier mix w/ soft wavy fur that was about 4" in length when I took her in......I asked for a slight trim.   I admitted I didn't know what that type of cut was called and the lady held up my dog's hair and asked if I wanted this much cut off (about 3")--I exclaimed no....just a trim all the way around.   I had to go out of town so my husband picked her up, paid & went on his merry way.  I got home 2 days later to a shaved dog w/ maybe 1/4 inch hair. And in the middle of winter....ugh!!!  Poor thing had to wear her sweater for the next month & let's not even discuss trying to get a decent Christmas picture!!  There was such a disparity between what was discussed & what came home I couldn't believe it.  I seriously thought my husband had taken her in for another cut.  Sounds like from reviews consistency is a problem so maybe I was there on an off day?!  Regardless, won't risk it by going back.
1	I wasn't a fan of this place either. Very unprofessional. My dog loves everyone. Not these people.
5	Friendly staff, decent prices and my little girl looks beautiful thanks to Kimi!! Will definitely come back!
3	This weekend I wanted to get my dog bathed, nail trimmed, etc. I called a couple places and they were all booked. I called Pawsh Wash and they said they could take her if we could come in then. So I brought my dog in. While I was filling out the paper with my contact info. the groomer came to the other side of the counter and loved on my dog to gain her trust and then took her on the other side of the counter and let her off the leash. She said it would be 2 to 3 hours and that they close by 4. We left and ran some errands. As we were headed home we noticed it was close to 3:30 and so I called to check on her as it had been 3 hours. I was told she would be ready in 20 minutes. We were about 20 minutes away so we headed that direction. We arrived exactly 20 minutes later. I walked in, and this is the only reason they got 3 stars instead of four, the groomer told me I was rushing her and that they usually call when she would be done. I explained that I had called because she told me they closed at 4 and wanted to make sure I picked her up before then. She said okay and that was that. My dog is a lab so she does not get groomed, but the bath and nail trim etc. were very good. I would probably try this place again, because they did a good job. I just hope I don't have to deal with being told I am rushing them again when I called, and they told me to come get her in 20 minutes which I did.
1	My girlfriend took my mini Australian Shepard here today as this is where her doggie goes. I'm not sure what was going through their mind when they shaved her all the way down. Seems to like there were lazy and didn't want to take the time to give her a proper groom. Hair was unevenly cut. She's a long haired mini Australian Shepard. Nobody wants this dog to look like a rat. You will never have my business again. Elite grooming on rainbow will continue to get my business as usual.
5	I took my dog here a few weeks back and she still looks adorable. They cut her hair exactly how I wanted. The prices are cheaper than that of pets mart for more services. The staff is extremely nice. I would definitely recommend.
1	i have been at pawsh before and was satisfied with the grooming my dog got.  i went back again for the third time but this time it was a total disaster.  when i brought the dog in i told this hillbilly that was behind the counter which i think is the owner not to cut the dogs belly more then 1/2 in. because the dogs belly is very sensitive  when i got there to pick up the dog i noticed that her belly was shaved and bleeding and her lip was cut. needless to say i am not coming back to this place in my lifetime . as i was checking out this woman asked me if i wanted to give her a tip  ( unbelievable )
4	As a new dog owner this was my first time taking my Beagle/Jack Russell in for a full groom. This location is clean and you actually get to see the stations where the dogs get groomed. The team was accommodating, very friendly to both myself and my dog. They asked plenty of questions to get a feel for what kind of cut I wanted which put me at ease. I felt confident that they knew what they were talking about. I left and received a call 2 hours later after I was told it could take about 3. That was nice. They cleaned him up really well and even gave him a little mohawk to give him extra character. I'll likely be going back to this spot.
5	Walked in with my 2 puppies and they took them on the spot. They did a great job after smelling like fermented urine from being boarded at the Vet. Their fur was super soft and they seemed to enjoy the place when we dropped them off. The owners let them free roam to get acquainted with the place before we left them. They even came home with cute festive bandanas!
