4	I can't tell if it was genuinely delicious or if we were just all so blasted from the night that we couldn't tell the difference. The line up combined with everyone saying it was the most delicious certainly helped me decide it was damn tasty.It resulted in the group I visited with coming by here twice in two nights. It helps that it's right on a prime corner to stumble past.Overall the pizza was tasty and prices were decent, the only thing not so fun is the stairs and small platform you stand upon is a little too small when people are tipsy and stumbling.
4	Super good cheap pizza!   No frills, no seats, nothing more than a counter and about six selections of pizza.  Had the spinach cheese pizza for $2.50 and it was delicious!   The dough has a slight sweet flavour and I recommend it for mid day or late night snacking!
4	This tiny place is where I got my first slice of pizza in Montreal on a visit about 3 years ago now. It really set the tone for that sleazy downtown Montreal vibe with a peep show right next door and the Bell center just down the road. The price of the slices hasn't gone up since then, still $2.50 for any variety. The crust here is above par, and the spinach pizza is my fav. Get all the fixings - pepper flakes, parmesan, and olive oil - and chow down.
5	Could hands down be my favourite pizza place! No joke! All slices are $2.50, no matter what topping. Pizza is thick and crust has sesame seeds. I usually take plain cheese pizza and chicken pizza. I also always add free toppings to my pizza like parmesan and olive oil.The place has no seats. It is just a counter. You just climb the 3 steps, order, pay and then leave. Really tiny place. They are quick so rarely have I ever gotten stuck in the line.Usually stays open till 3am (or 4am) on weekends!Note: They only take cash!
1	Good cheap pizza? No. Just cheap. It was a hole in a wall - literally - and after renovations, it's just a clean hole in the wall. The sauce has this sweetness to it that's actually sickening and the toppings - what little of it there is - are over powered by the sauce's foul taste, even bacon which is usually the one overpowering other ingredients. Please pack your knives and leave.
5	For the love of pizza. This place rivals New York pizza places. It's perfect. Sweet but savory. Satisfying and addicting.
4	This is the best sliced pizza I've had so far in all of Montreal.This is NOT a place for you to go and sit in, or spend time. There is actually nowhere to sit. It's a hole in the wall. But if you're walking through downtown, or late after drinks etc, this is your place.Sliced pizza is SO good here. Almost always fresh, and they grate parmesan on top. Super yum. $3 too.
5	The prices are superb and obviously thought out to please students.The pizza is the best I've ever had in my whole life hands down and absolutely no competition. It was just SUPERB. Three choice of FREE toppings of which I always choose Parmesan.THIS IS NOT A PLACE TO SIT AT. It's literally a hole in the wall take-out pizza place. Cash only, it takes mere minutes to prepare and it is almost always fresh out of the oven. Beverages are cheap if combined with the slices of Pizza.An absolute must if you're walking by and hungry.Careful, you might need to wait outside if there are too many people in the waiting line. (Yes that's how small that place is.)
1	I personally thought this place was terrible. I ordered 2 cheese slices and I could barely eat it. I felt that the cheese and sauce tasted cheap....I certainly didn't think it was tasty or anything like that.
