5	Seven months ago my life was blessed with a newly adopted German Shepard puppy.  PetSmart on Northern was there the first night we adopted him and realized he needed bedding, food, and dishes as well as being there when we needed professional puppy obedience classes.  While most might say that big box commercialized stores cannot compare positively to the smaller non-chain shops, I have to disagree.  My experience with this particular PetSmart was more than amazing.  The pet trainer Ashley was very kind and informative throughout the training classes.  My puppy was very timid and non-accepting to strangers but within 5 minutes of meeting Ashley, he was taught how to sit as well as allowing her to pet him. Halfway through our 6 week program, my girlfriend and I had work schedule changes and were unable to complete the classes but Ashley was more than accommodating to that matter, allowing us to switch to a different time schedule even though they were a couple class sessions behind allowing us to have refresher courses.  When a local boutique pet store where we purchased our puppy food from stopped carrying the brand of dry food we used and inadvertently recommended us a new brand that our puppy was allergic to, PetSmart gave us the solution to the problem without us needing to waste the other one. Overall, the staff here is nice, the store is clean and the free nail trims and pet toys we received from the classes almost knocks out the price we paid for the training class.
4	Pablo goes to school here. He seems to like it. He has learned alot.
5	I love this Petsmart, a girl name Amber cuts my little girl's hair and it always looks amazing.  The price is okay, I wish I could get coupons to help with ticket price.  But, when she comes out, she looks amazing.  I love the service, the people, the vet, the nurses... everyone there including people at the register are really nice.  A pleasure going there.
5	I have been taking my black lab to the grooming salon at this location every month for several months to get a bath and furminator treatment. A couple weeks ago I took him in and they told me they had to rush becuase they were closing (it's a 3hr process and they scheduled him 2hrs before close). Within a week he was smelly and shedding like crazy, when usually he goes a month before this happens. I went in and spoke with the store manager on Friday evening, Saturday morning the salon manager had called and scheduled my dog for a free appointment that evening. I was thoroughly impressed with the handling of this situation and they will definately be keeping my business!!
1	Live feed is unreliable. Just got a hundred pack of worms with 30 still alive. As with any fresh goods, stock should be rotated and/or clearanced, not sold dead/rotten. I am a fairly new reptile owner, this has been a recurring and frustrating theme. I rarely if ever get pupating/dying mealworms from other suppliers. Animals up for sale often seem to need water.
4	Great selection of pet stuff. A bit pricey but they only sell pet stuff so they have to be. Tons of dog treats to choose from. My dog Sam loves to go here and sniff everything. They have emergency my dog pooped in the store stations. Staff is friendly. They have a awesome laser engraver that gets your pet some credentials.
1	I've been taking my dog August to the groomers located inside this Petsmart for about 3 years.  They usually did a good job.  He's a Shetland Sheep dog, so he's a very furry guy,  Usually they trim up his feet and do a sanitary trim so that he stays clean when he goes to the bathroom.  Every time I've gone here, the staff is super friendly, and are always nice and answer any questions that I have.  I drop him off, and pick him up a few hours later after a call, and the price is good.  But almost every time I pick him up, the person who gives me my bill and brings out my dog almost always has to go to the groomer who groomed him to ask who August is.  It's like they don't have name tags on the kennel doors.  I understand that they shouldn't keep collars on the dogs when they are in the kennels because there is a small chance their collar can get caught somewhere in the kennel, but It's kind of uncomfortable to feel like that they don't know who's dogs they have, which kennel they are in, and they don't know their name on top of that.  Every time I picked my dog up, I was hesitant that they'd bring a different dog out thinking it was mine.My most recent visit here will be my last. My last visit here, I dropped him off, they called him by "she", when they called to let me know he was ready, they called him by "she", when I picked him, they said they're bring "her" out, and on his little report card saying how he did, the groomer wrote "August did a great job.  She is such a sweetheart".  This normally wouldn't bother me as my dog does look a bit girly, I'll say that much, but he's been going there for 3 flippin' years.  The last straw was that when I got home, I noticed that he was never trimmed up.  His feet were a mess, and there was no sanitary trim done, which was done every time prior to that.  So, no duh the groomer didn't notice he had boy parts, he didn't trim anything up.  Even then, when bathing and brushing him, I would have hoped that the groomer would have noticed at some point, this dog was not a girl and in fact a boy.  All the little things add up, and I will not be returning here for grooming ever again, and I will advise my family and friends against it.  If the groomers don't bathe and trim well enough to figure out the gender of a dog, they are doing a crappy job, and I'm not paying for it.  The Banfield here is a joke too.  I made an appoint with their "Avian" specialist for my parakeet here because I had a coupon for the visit and I told reception that I had it and they said they'd take it after the exam.  No Problem.  The technician that checked us in was very friendly and knowledgeable and answered a few questions I had about my birdy.  The Doctor was not helpful at all.  She walked in and said "What a pretty canary!"  That should have been my sign.  Their "Avian" specialist called my parakeet and canary.  If you are not familiar with birds, Google the differences between a canary and a parakeet.  They look completely different.  At the end of my appointment, it was time to pay for the exam.  I gave them my coupon and Hey!  Turns out they don't take coupons towards BIRD examinations, but only dog and cat.  The coupon said nothing about this, AND the reception failed to mention it to me when I came showed them the coupon WITH my bird in hand.  The store portion is great though if avoid the groomers and the pet hospital portion.  Good prices, and the staff is very nice.
3	Decent store with knowledgeable staff but the prices are a bit higher than other stores. One employee recommended a collar that really helped with our dog that was a puller.Everyone is friendly. There is a huge selection of many things for many pets. The prices are not bad but a touch high.But Banfield. Don't do it. Avoid them. My aunt had awful experiences with "the plan" for their old dog. She was pressured into expensive treatments, they would sometimes not do ones she wanted, and it wasn't exactly cheap. Our experience was the same. We bought 1 year to try it, and canceling took a few tries. They pressured us to do more than we normally would have. And the "savings" included hundreds of dollars in services that most people would not buy.Come here to get your pet some exercise in the summer. Get food, litter, check sale prices, visit the partnered pet rescue people, maybe grab a treat or toy for your pet. But Banfield felt even higher pressure than our last car purchase.
