2	This place stood out to me while I was driving in the area. So I gave it a try one time during lunch break. My experience was not so great though. Sure, the service was good and the free bread was extremely tasty for free bread, but my entree could not have been greasier. I had the Chicken Carlotta, which came with crab meat and asparagus, but the dish had a slight depth to it, and my food was probably sitting in about half an inch of plain grease. It made me lose my appetite as soon as the server placed the meal in front of me. And I will probably not visit this place a second time.
4	After eating here a few times I've decided that while this place is pretentious, the food is good. The place offers a very formal setting and assumes you are there for a long evening. For example, they don't give you the menus when you first sit down, you get to first contemplate what you want to drink. They offer some complimentary tasty bruschetta followed by some bread with balsamic vinegar a bit later. Between the starters and the main they offer a complimentary sorbet drizzled with champagne so you may clense your palette. The portions are massive, the prices are not modest, but the food is very tasty. Everyone I've ate with there has been pleased. The dessert card at the end is silly, especially if they turn on the sirens. Ah - the place also has live music - some poor guy by the window singing his heart out.
3	Solid italian restaurant.  Somewhat pretentious but the service is spot on.  Food is ok - not excellent but worth a try.
3	I've eaten here a few different times and had different experiences each time but overall I'm going with 3 stars.  I had the lasagna on my last visit and must say I was underwhelmed with it. The portion size was big but the it lacked flavor to me. I like a lot of sauce with my lasagna.I'm sure I'll eat here again (work related) and I'll update but over the last few times a 3 star is the best I can give it.
3	I have been here for the club and the dining!The club is a meat market that starts about 11pm, the dance floor is too small and though they play good music you are pressed up against people and the place draws the pervy crowd, it seems to me. (meaning, if you are a girl and you start to dance alone, give it 4 seconds before someone is dancing ON your behind!) 0 stars for the club!I brought my Mom and Sisters to dinner here on Mother's day before the bar turns into a club on another occasion and it was quite nice, the presentation was pretty and the service was good.  We had my 2 year old niece with us and they brought her fresh strawberries to nibble. We enjoyed the meal and dessert. It was quite elegant in that instance. (3 stars for that)
2	Food is great! Service sucks!
4	I can only base this on a work event with a limited, "pick one of these entrees" menu. I must say though that it was a good overall experience. I chose a Caesar salad that was properly dressed with a good, garlicky anchoviesque dressing. For my entree, had a grouper filet that was well cooked and served over a risotto with peas, asparagus with a just right, lemony hint to it. Delightful. The service was good and goodness did they ever keep the wine glasses full!  Nice experience all in...
4	What a wonderful place!   I went on date with my roomie and we were completely taken aback with everything.  From the service, to the location, to the place itself, this is definitely a romantic place for every and any date.I ordered the salmon plate with white asparagus.  Though the parmesan sauce was a little too salty for my pallet, I enjoyed the white asparagus.  The portion was perfect!   We also got the chance to chat with the general manager as well as the pianist and thoroughly enjoyed their services as well.We didn't stay long enough, but we heard that this place comes alive with dancing on weekend nights.  Will definitely come back to get my dance on!
3	When Villa Antonio first opened in its South Blvd location, there were not many options for "upscale" Italian food in the Charlotte area, so it was my favorite place for many, many years.  We celebrated quite a few Christmas-time meals, birthday meals, and New Year's Eve meals  there. In the old days, Antonio always came around to make sure everyone was having a good time & we always did!  Since I now live & work in the Ballantyne area, I was very excited that they opened a second location here. Unfortunately, I feel that Villa Antonio has not "kept up with the times" and seems to be trying to live on their past reputation as a fine dining establishment without making any concessions to the fact that Charlotte is now more "grown up" in terms of its culinary offerings. Also, with Johnson & Wales being in town and more people graduating from culinary school & joining  the local workforce, I think the bar is going to continue to be raised in terms of the availablity of excellent cuisine. Part of the restuaraunt's mystic was always Antonio himself - who definitely knows how to make people feel as if they are "special" and really important even when they are not a big VIP. I think that Antonio has a large contingent of people who feel loyal to him and want his restaurant to succeed because of this gift -  I know I do! But, David and I have eaten at Villa Antonio at Ballantyne several times and it just doesn't live up to the expectations that we had for it.  For one, I think the price point is just too high for what you get. (I am sure the rent in Ballantyne Village is far more expensive than the real estate on South Blvd!)  In any case, Charlotte has grown significantly since the '80s and there are a lot of other choices for upscale dining and more authentic Italian now (such as Toscano & Luce).  When we are planning to spend $40+ just for 2 dinner entrees (not including the additional $$$ we will spend on appetizers, drinks, dessert) Villa Antonio is just not our first choice.  We have found the food to be pretty good here, but not extraordinary.  For one, they do not hand-make their pastas in-house.  Also, about the pricing: Villa Antonio's chicken entrees range in price from $23 - $26 at dinner.  These dishes really should be under $20.  By contrast, at Toscano, chicken scaloppini (with your choice of marsala or piccata) is $19.95. At Villa Antonio, you can get Cioppino (lobster, shrimp, scallops, mussels, fish of the day, spicy tomato sauce, & linguini) for $35.   By contrast, I can go to Toscano & get a similar dish for $24.95 (Toscano's is called simply "mare" - which means "sea" in Italian - and includes lobster, shrimp, calamari, clams, mussels, scallops, linguini, cherry tomatoes, peperoncino, garlic & white wine - I have had it & its very good). On our last visit to Villa Antonio Ballantyne, our server was gracious, but was not very well educated on the wine menu. This is disappointing when you are at a pricey restuarant.  Also, David was less than thrilled with the way his veal was prepared... again, when you are paying $25 - $35 for an entree, you want it to be better than average. But, now for what I do like about VA-Ballantyne...  For one, the place is really beautiful. I love the decor and the fact that the atmosphere is just right for a romantic dinner.  I think the servers are friendly & do a good job making you feel welcome.  I have also wandered into the bar for a nightcap on occasion after dining elsewhere, and found that VA can be quite lively - with music and dancing on the weekend.  I have also gone into the bar after dinner on a week-night , and found the bar to be quieter, but with just enough people around to keep it interesting. I am not sure I am ready to go back for dinner, but maybe I'll stop in sometime soon to give them a try at lunch.
2	I went thinking wow an Italian Restaurant, but was disappointed.  I went there for a business meeting, and part of the meeting was lunch, and despite that the food was fresh, and warm, it had quite a bit to be desired for me.  Both the Chicken Marsala & Pork where over cooked and somewhat tough & seasoning was reasonable.  The tortellini where over cooked, and just covered in a sauce that I could have just drank because it was so loose.  For me the highlight was Chocolate Mousse which was rich, but at the same time to dense.  Proper Chocolate mouse should be the consistency of pudding.  I could have turned the dish upside down and it would still have stayed.  On top of this the staff where in a hurry to get the restaurant reset, so much that it was extremely difficult to discuss any business because table, chairs where being thrown every where.  Not sure if was the manager or the waitstaff, but many of them just had an attitude of not wanting us there.  Perhaps this was not their day, and perhaps I would try the restaurant again if I was invited, however I would not go there and pay good money for this type of food and service when there are good Italian restaurant's in Charlotte.
1	We went to Villa Antonio for Mother's Day.  When I made the reservation, we were not told that there was only a buffet available. There were no signs in the restaurant regarding the price of the buffet, except the normal Monday-Friday buffet that is $9.99.  We were told to go ahead and serve ourselves.  We had expected to order off the menu, but when we realized that was not an option, being as it was the first time we had gone to this restaurant, we did not expect it to be outrageous.  When the bill came the charge was $30.00 a plate and 15.00 for a child's plate.  There was also an automatic 18% gratuity of $30.00 added to the bill for a party of 6.  When my husband talked to the manager regarding there being no information regarding the price, the manager's response was " we've been here 27 years and everyone in Charlotte knows we have a buffet on Mother's Day.  So for those of you like us, who are part of the 1% that "don't know" be warned.  We will not be returning to this restaurant again.
4	I went to the Ballantyne with my Livingsocial deal - 2 brunch buffets with Mimosa.  My brother came to town and we went for brunch.  The staff was very professional and the food was delicious.  I strongly recommend this location.
5	Ofr 40 years my wife and I have selected a special place for our anniversary... it took 40 years to find this place --- WOWIf you are a foodie --- can camp out here for life die with a smile on you face.Service 5 StarsFood 6 StarsOnwer involvment 5 stars
2	First time here. A bit pricey for Italian, but you can sense the prices when you first enter and eyeball the upscale decor. $26 for veal dishes, tasty but small portions. They are very accommodating for substitutions. Potatoes can be changed for a variety of pastas without an additional charge. My wife's veal piccata was not that tender and a rather small portion. Same with the veal saltimboca, although tasty. Service was very good; professional, not pushy and sufficiently laid back when needed.I did hear the lucnh buffet was very good; both pricing and food selections.
2	I am only commenting on the brunch.  It's very pricey given the very limited selection and the quality mediocre at best.  The pastries are pre-packaged and the bacon is way over done.  It was actually burnt. Stay away for the brunch.  I can't speak for the other meals
1	Went there for Sunday brunch...Not good at all. Food quality was below average and service was poor.
1	Let me start off by saying I eat out almost every meal. I travel for a living and eat all across the US and I have to say this was by far the WORST service I have ever encountered. The waiter was EXTREAMLY rude and was shushing us he handed my girlfriend a plate that burnt her hands. My Shrimp in the pasta was that undercooked translucent color. After sending it back 2ce the 3rd time they made it look like jerky just to be assholes. 3 of the dishes at the table were undercooked. All of the mashed potatoes were cold. This is the craziest thing I have seen the waiter took our bread from our table and placed it RIGHT ON ANOTHER TABLE! They automatically charged a 17% tip for the worst service I have ever seen, On top of it all they tried to charge me for the undercooked and over cooked shrimp. When I brought it to the attention of the waiter he said " I don't think there was a problem with the dish". The waiter when serving pushed peoples arms away with the plates. Horrible food bad service do not ever eat here. The only good thing of the night was the aps and they were average at best. After I got home I had extreamly bad cramps from th food.
3	After trying VA-Ballantyne a few times for dinner, I finally went over to check out them out at lunchtime.  I normally prefer not to eat from a buffet, but I decided to give it a try.  We arrived on a Friday a little after 12 and the place was pretty packed. However, they had a table available for us so there was no wait.  The buffet was not bad - they had a soup selection, salad bar, and then the hot food bar.  On the hot food bar, they had grilled chicken, a seafood dish, fried ravioli, mixed veggies, and penne pasta. The price was reasonable and they did a great job keeping the buffet filled.
4	We like going here for special occasions.  Love the lasagna. Good service.  Romantic atmosphere if you get a booth.   Live music.
4	Ate at the Ballantyne location on a whim New Year's Eve, walked in early without a reservation, was seated promptly in the private dining rotunda room with no wait.The food, service and presentation were all fantastic.  The maitre d' treated us like rock stars, especially my girlfriends teenaged kids, couldn't have been nicer. Our party had the portobello mushroom, shrimp cocktail and Italian sausage apps, and osso bucco, veal parm and filet mignon entrees.  Everybody loved loved loved their dishes, the kids were blown away.I have eaten in many of Charlotte's better restaurants over the last 3 years, and I must say that Villa Antonio was among the best dining experiences I have ever had in CLT to date.Well done.
1	I've been meaning to try villa Antonio for quite some time. As we were seated, the server (one of 5) took a bit long to even give us menus.  The food was ok, nothing to rave about. I've had much better and way less expensive Italian food in Charlotte. Way too overpriced! The service was so inconsistent. Not to mention I felt like there was a different person coming to our table every 5 minutes.  I don't understand how they had 50 men in tuxes walking around and yet our service was slow. The decor was also a bit corny. Not really wanting to go back...
3	Save your money. Find a pizza place same food for nc
4	Da Villa is a great place to go for lunch when in Ballantyne. I can't speak for dinner because I've never been, but for a weekday lunch with co-workers, your mom, your honey or alone even, it's a nice experience all around with some delish food to boot.Man, what a boring review, Eh? Let's get down to brass tacks because the highlights can be best summed up in a list:-Always changing buffet menu-Fresh salad options every buffet-Linen table cloths = fancy!-Ample Parking-Priced at under $10 for all you can eat-No wait; this place is rarely full so you can sit, eat and jet in 30!I like you, Villa Antonio, and so I root for your success but will let you know that my mind hasn't ever been blown by your food. It's GOOD, just not OMG good and I think you could probably get to that point with some more seasoning and imagination.
2	Had a business lunch there.  The food was awful.  the setting is nice, conducive for a luncheon but don't take advantage of the convenience of the buffet.  Its not much better than a tv dinner.  I have had dinner there and I'd rate it 3 stars.
5	Villa Antonio provided with the best dinner I've had in my life! When visiting I had the crab stuffed salmon and it was to die for! Would highly suggest this restaurant!
3	I came here for lunch with the Network of Executive Women. We all got the buffet and had our own private room. The room was a little dark for a work lunch, but if I was here on a date it would have been very romantic. I've been to the Villa Antonios off South Boulevard and didn't really care for their buffet. The same story held here, where I could find much that I liked. I ended up with meatballs and wild rice soup. There weren't many choices and I left just wanting more. Hopefully dinner is better because I bought a Groupon.
5	My wife and I went to Villa Antonio for our 5 year anniversary last night. We fancy ourselves as knowledgable about Italian restaurants because our family owns one. Food - We both thought the food was excellent. My wife's favorite is linguini in white clam sauce. The flavor was excellent. Usually with this meal it is better the next day because the flavor sets into the pasta. Villa Antonio's was very flavorful  at the table. I had the veal piccata and it was very good as well. I had it over angel hair instead of the whipped potatoes that it is normally served on. Great flavor. Portion was like it should be. If you go to Italy you get smaller portions so you don't gorge yourself and this was spot on. Service - Angel was our waiter. He was attentive without being a nuisance. We mentioned that we were catching a movie at our favorite theater across the way in 1.5 hours and he made sure the food roles out at a nice pace so that we weren't rushed. He made sure to stop by and pour more wine from the bottle we bought when  our glasses were low. What made the night unique - As stated earlier we were celebrating our anniversary. I was asked this when I made the reservation. When we arrived we were wished a happy anniversary. Our table was decorate with some festive items (albeit they were birthday items but it was the thought that counted). At the end of the meal we were presented with a nice dish of chocolate drizzled strawberries and a serenade of "happy anniversary."  A lot of little details that other restaurants don't think of included warm dishes for our appetizers, fresh silverware after each course, and a cold fork for the fresh strawberries. If you are looking for a relaxing night out we can't recommend Vila Antonio enough. You need to pay attention to the details when you looking for a nice night out. Is it pricier than the chain restaurants?  Yes. Are the details worth the extra money?  YES. Thank you for a great night and see you again soon.
3	The sausage and peppers dish was delicious!! I should have had that for my dinner. But I ordered a filet mignon. I know, I know...who goes to an Italian place and buys a steak? Well I did. It's on the menu, so they should know how to cook it...right? Well, it was the toughest filet mignon I've ever had in my life. The seasoning was not bad, but the lack of tenderness ruined it. The drinks were really good and ambience was really nice. I would go back. I've learned my lesson. When you go to Italian restaurants, stick to Italian food.
5	My new favorite Italian restaurant in Ballantyne  , excellent customer service , excellent food and ambiance. I had the Lobster Bisque and Atlantic Salmon melted in my mouth like butter. Dessert the famous chocolate cake and homemade Italian ice was an added bonus. Live music was on point, the whole staff made my experience and wife's birthday dinner very special , one she may remember for a longtime. Thanks, continue to strive for excellence and never settle for less.
1	I was expecting much better service for what I was spending. My server was basically nonexistent. Both my salad and entree didn't have the bacon that was promised on the menu and i had to ask for it on the side. I didn't receive drink service in a timely manner, about 20-30 minute intervals. I received the wrong drink then had I wait 20mins to have it corrected. I had to wait 10 minutes after my friends got their food to receive mine and then my filet was undercooked. My girlfriends grouper was overcooked and dry with the wrong pasta. Our server did not check on us after our food was delivered. After our main course was taken away we waited over 40 minutes for our dessert choices, after all of our friends had already paid! Then we were told we should get our dessert to go because everyone else was... due to the horrible service. Not satisfied spending over $100 for this. There's much better restaurants for less money.
2	Went for date night with my husband. Our waiter didn't know the beer (which was on the menu) that my husband was ordering. We finally got our drinks and ordered our food and that was the last time we saw our waiter. Other staff members brought our food and refilled our water. My husband was unable to order another beer since our waiter never returned.  Our food was delivered and tasted fine. Nothing extraordinary. Certainly not the best Italian food. We ordered dessert - a cannoli which was only half filled (see picture). Our drinks were left empty in this time and I had to ask a manager for our check. Our service was beyond disappointing and the food was mediocre. We won't be going back to the ballantyne location. South Blvd. has their act together - and was a much better dining experience. Try Luce if you want similar menu options but a better experience.
4	We dined here last night with my husband's company for a retirement dinner and were seated in the center of the restaurant in a round room all to ourselves. We had several waitstaff and they were all decent, not really sure if it was better than average service that one might expect for this nice of a restaurant. They did seem to take good care of the President and VP of Marketing who sat at the other end of the table (who were picking up the tab), and our service wasn't bad, but certainly not super special. We had a predetermined menu to choose from and I had french onion soup, chicken and cheesecake. The soup was nice, good bread and cheese on top and not crazy salty. The chicken was served with a crab meat infused sauce and polenta that was ok, but I wouldn't get it again if we were to return because of sauce which I just didn't care for.The polenta and asparagus served with it were both cooked nicely and a nice complement to the chicken. The cheesecake was creamy and had a nice flavor though I would be hard pressed to say it was the best I had ever had. The tiramisu that others chose was served in a sundae type glass and looked very good.My husband got.the filet and shared a couple of bites and it was very good...super tender and nicely spiced.Overall, it was a nice visit, my glass was never empty, our group of 20 or so had plenty to eat and the decor is very nice. Easy access and parking garage make the Ballantyne area restaurant a nice choice.
4	I have been to Villa Antonio twice in the past 2 weeks and have been may times throughout the years.  It has always been an entirely good experience from the reservation to the goodbye.Every time I go I am warmly greeted by a "professional" Hostess who acknowledges our arrival and tells me if my party has been seated or is at the bar waiting.  It's refreshing since most other restaurants have gone the way of having 2 teeny boppers who could care less if you're there or not.  The appetizers are all top notch, most recently the stuffed mushrooms were delicious.  These past 2 times I had a blackened Grouper special over a nicely made risotto and the Osso Bucco.  Now, about the Osso Bucco, I have had it all over the world and Villa Antonios is in the top 3.  Slowly braised, tender, well seasoned, and flat out delicious.  They give you a little marrow fork where, if you choose you can dig out the marrow (really, it's the best part) rather than picking it up and sucking or slurping it out which is a bit uncivilized.  Both time lately I had the Tomato Mozz salad which was nice think slices of mozz with large slices of tomato and basil covered by a balsamic glaze drizzle YUMMIn between the salads / apps they have a nice intermezzo of lemon sorbet and champagne to cleanse the palette which is mui classy.  The service is always top notch, and if you're feeling froggy get Fernando to make the Bananas Foster for you tableside.....he will amaze, and delight your tastebuds all while trying not to singe your eyebrows off!Great Job Villa Antonio!
2	We went here for dinner recently and I don't think I will go back.  We ordered a bottle of wine and our server threw out the cork so we had to either finish the entire bottle with dinner or throw it out, which we had to do with some of what was left unfortunately.  The server was ok - not super friendly or anything.  While we were still eating, he took our check from our table and looked at how much we tipped him in front of our face.  It was pretty rude and weird for such a high-end place.  My husband didn't care too much for his lasagna - said it was pretty dry.  I got a chicken dish which was pretty good, but not the most amazing thing.  For how much this place costs, I really don't think it's worth it at all.  I would go to Mama Ricotta's over this place any day for a fraction of the price and way better food.
4	Came here for Mother's Day with my in-laws.  Up front, we had a wonderful experience.  It was tough for all of us to choose apps and an entree since the great menu selection was just that; great! Memorable was the carpaccio beef app; classically executed.  Osso bucco filled ravioli app was tender and rich; sauce was perfect but the pillows could have used a bit more protein.  Every one loved their entrees so I had to keep my tongue since my veal chop was well overcooked.  But my dad in-law's was perfect.  We even had them make the bananas foster table side; great experience you don't see often any more.  My rating is for the overall experience.  Not enough places in Charlotte create a dining experience like VA.Can't wait to go back.
2	Fathers Day brunch was very disappointing.  And was also doubled in price from their regular buffet prices.  When we got there the prime rub was gone, nobody asked us for drinks.  I won't be back.
3	I really enjoy the friendly knowledgable service.  I went for the Osso Bucco this time, served over risotto.  The shank was fork tender.  They topped w au jus not the traditional thickened braising stock.  So it lacked flavor.  The risotto was like eating creamy thickened rice; no parm flavor, no chicken stock flavor, and it was not made w short grain arborio rice.  Highly disappointed  on my third visit this year.  But they are generous with the pour for a glass of wine.
2	Took my visiting family to Villa Antonio for a special occasion dinner. We were excited to try a highly recommended restaurant! With much disappointment, service was very slow, food was below average. I would not recommend VA to anyone!
5	We visited Villa Antonio for the first time for Restaurant Week and I have to say it was remarkable.  Food was fresh and very good.  Service was absolutely outstanding.  We are already planning our next visit.
2	We love the Villa Antonio on South Blvd. The service is impeccable, the food is delicious, and we always leave feeling special. My husband and I had a LivingSocial deal for the Villa Antonio in Ballantyne tonight and we're very disappointed. We will only go to the one on South Blvd from now on. When making reservations at the one on South Blvd, they always ask if you are celebrating anything special. My last birthday we came to our reservation and found our table decorated with special touches. When we made a reservation to this restaurant, we weren't asked that question, nor were we given an opportunity to mention it as the employee seemed rushed. After we received our appetizer, we had to wait 30 minutes for our entree. Our waitress finally came and asked if we wanted her to continue to hold our entrees in the back (as if she had been doing that for awhile) while we finish our appetizer. I'm not sure if that's protocol, but we wanted to put the rest of our calamari to the side so that we could have some with our entrees if we wanted. If she had asked us before that time, maybe our food wouldn't have been lukewarm when it arrived. The restaurant always brings a small sorbet with champagne before your entree as a palate cleanser. I suppose with the entree being held back so long, she decided to skip that part. Being one of my favorite parts, it was very disappointing. After we ate our entrees and had the leftovers boxed up, we sat for another 20 minutes without our waitress coming by with our check. My husband finally looked mad and an employee asked if everything was ok. We had to ask him for a check and then wait another 5 minutes for our waitress to bring it. I would understand some confusion if we had food in front of us, but our food was boxed up on the table while we waited with no one stopping by. We left extremely disappointed with my birthday dinner. Even with a LivingSocial deal, we will not be coming back. I hope this location doesn't give the one on South Blvd a bad reputation.
2	Something has caused this place to go downhill.... Used to be a favorite lunch buffet place, now it's just blah. Even librettos seems to offer more authentic italian cuisine. Sorry guys, you have lost a fan....
5	Today my wife wanted to take me out for lunch. She suggested Villa Antonio in Ballantyne. When we arrived they had a sign out for a Sunday brunch from 1000 - 1430. We arrived about 1445. They were still serving the brunch and it seemed to be more appealing than the lunch menu.I started out with chicken Marsala, squash and zucchini,  sausages and scalloped potatoes.  I thought that the food was very good. For my next plate I had macaroni and cheese and a cinnamon bun. I finished with a small bowl of chocolate mousse and a slice of trespass leche. I am so full that I could burst! I'm looking forward to our next weekend visit.  Service as far as clearing plates and refilling drinks was concerned was very swift.
5	Its difficult to update perfection but Villa Antonio seems to be able to do it effortlessly. Today is our second visit to their fabulous Sunday buffet. We were seated after a brief wait and a friendly waiter took our drink order and we proceeded to the brunch. It seems almost wrong to say that it's a breakfast buffet. Buffet seems too plebian to honor the food being presented. Brunch on the other hand evokes a dining experience where one's senses are fully engaged. Everything presented smells delicious. Everything that I put on my plate was seasoned perfectly and tasted great when eaten together, savory and sweet complimented each other with perfect balance. We also had a nice talk with the manager. I think this will become a regular Sunday destination for us.
2	Have eaten here numerous times and usually everything is spot on perfect. Not this time. It wasn't horrible but seems things are missing that are important for people like myself and family to continue to come back. First thing was the wine I wanted, out. Now I would understand if it was a Rothschild but it wasn't. So who dropped the ball on ordering? Common items should always be available. Lobster bisque was superb. Everything else, Meh... No palate cleanser either. Disappointing. If I wanted meh, which I don't, then I would go to Olive Garden which I won't. My suggestion is to step it up because I'm sure I'm not the only person this has happen to.
2	Nice place to dine but the food was not tasty at all. Good service. The brunch isn't bad but def has room for lots of progress.
5	Lunch buffet is quite awesome for the price. Both the salads and dishes in the buffet were better than most places that serve by the serving.  $10.  Its a good deal.
5	The brunch buffet is awesome! My husband and I attended a Wedding at the Ballentyne Hotel and were looking for somewhere close by to have brunch. We just happened to notice the brunch sign and were pleasantly surprised. The buffet has everything you could want for brunch from breakfast items like bacon and eggs to lunch fare like chicken Marsala and prime rib. The Mac and cheese was amazing. The summer salad was fresh and flavorful. I can honestly say I enjoyed everything I tried.
2	We were first introduced to Villa Antonios about 10 years ago when they were at there other location closer to the airport. My wife and I had an amazing dinner there and the atmosphere was very classy. It truly was a great experience. So I finally returned after 10 years and I was told the original place wasn't there anymore but they moved to their new location. Decided to try them again to see of they still lived up to when I last was there. Epic Fail!!! They were very over priced for what you actually get. Ordered an old fashion drink and it was watered down and not made like a true old fashion should be made. The appetizer that we ordered was very oily and the toasted bread with it was burnt. My veal chop was over cooked. Music was way too loud. This place is not a classy Italian restaurant anymore. We couldnt even understand or server since he did not speak English very well. Very disappointed and will not be returning.
