5	Probably the best Chicago style food and by far the best Chicago Dogs I've had in Arizona...  Nuff said!Menu is very fairly priced and make sure to get the Vienna beef Chicago dogs... ugh sooo good.table/booth seating and a few bar type seats up front along the window.  Al is usually manning the front and/or register so be sure to say hi...  Very friendly staff and plenty of Chicago swag around the walls to check out. Definitely check out Al's... very good food!
4	Not often you go into a place with a person's name on the door and find that person working the register or cooking, but that's what you will find at Al's.Been going here for a few years, but haven't tried much of the menu - the Chicago dogs and fries are just too good. Also recommend the beef sandwich, which comes juicy, tangy, and messy. And let me tell you, some of the best things in life are messy.
4	Fair food, fair price, very nice folks!I took the kids here after a day at the Falcon Field Air Museum, they were hot, tired and hungry. After explaining (a few billion times) that this was not "fast food" and the burger wouldnt fly into their mouths as we sped through a drive through, they settled down.Have I mentioned that my grandkids havent been taught much in the ways of "someplace different"?  I'm working on that.The space is nice, with a mixture of booths, tables and a counter in the front window. The counter where you order overlooks a clean and shiny grill, with assorted pictures of the offerings for those that have trouble reading the menu board.With that setup.. heres the rundown.I wanted to try a Chicago style dog, my grandson wanted a hamburger, and the granddaughter wanted a corn dog.The hamburger was a fine if unremarkable version. Which was perfect, decent 1/4 Lb patty & Bun, melted american cheese, nice and tasty.The corn dog was about the same as you would find anywhere, also good (especially for a 3 year old who doesnt like culinary suprises!)My jumbo hot dog was good, the actual weiner and bun itself was extremely unremarkable, in fact, and I'm sorry to say, I rather prefer the hot dogs at Costco (not the buns though!) it tasted like a cheap beef weiner in a wonder bread roll.The difference was the toppings, and thats what a Chicago hot dog is all about! It had a small amount of tomato, pickle, peppers and mustard on it.  And I loved the fresh taste they gave it. Much crisper than heavy chili or cheese! My only desire would have been for it to have a heavier helping of the toppings, and in fact when I go back (which I will!) I'm going to request a foolish amount of toppings, I recomend anyone trying it for the first time, just dive right in and join me in ordering extra toppings, after all, thats the point of this style of dog!I ordered a chicago-style tamale because I had no idea such things existed. What I got was a microwave meat tamale that was indeed made in Chicago.It was just a sad, sad beast. I'm sure it's a famous Chicago food, and beloved, and if I was raised there I would crave it, but to me, it was flavorless, soggy in the wrong way, and existed only so that people could drench it in chili and cheese, probably a hit at 7-11's, but not for me.However, at about $1, I was willing to try it, and glad I did, however I shall not be having that one again. We ordered 3 fries, and two would have done! They load those baskets up! I would ask for them well done next time, just because I like a slightly crispier fry, but that a minor quibble, zero complains on the fries!Or anything, $15 for a mess of food, cooked to order, by a locally owned shop that cares. I'll certainly go back.They also sell Gyro's, which I didn't try, even though I've been longing for a great gyro, and Italian sausage and steak sandwiches. I want to try those next.
5	Yelp does me right again.I was jones'n for some new grub on a Saturday afternoon.  How about a new dog joint?  Yeah, that's the ticket.  Al's is nearby and the comments were positive, so off I went.Sure enough, Al was sitting behind the register.  I ordered up a jumbo Chicago dog with everything, some O-rings, and a drink.  It was all fantastic.  GREAT toppings on the dog, good wiener & bun, and a generous portion of very good O-rings (served with ranch dressing).  Al came out and rapped for a few minutes.  I wind up spending less than $6 and left feeling fed, tough to do nowadays at that kind of price.Throw in Al's personable touch and it's a winner, big-time.  I let Al know how much I liked the grub and said that I'd be back.. and indeed I will.  Highly recommended.
4	Chicago guy here reviewing a Chicago style hotdog joint in Arizona.  You have to ask for "Chicago Style Hotdogs"Ordered:Combo extra hot dipped2 dogs everything extra sportFries and Coke= Beef was good peppery and thin, a little dry for a beef that was "dipped", so i think they dipped the bread but not the whole sandwich, next time I will ask for xtra juice.   Giardineria was really good, crunchy and spicy. Sausage was fantastic, reminded me of Caputo's hot italian, the sausage was split which i wasn't a fan of but all in all the combo is really good and would order again and again= Dogs, good, maybe too much celery salt but now i'm being a  Hotdog Snob.  I don't know if they steam the buns, because my first was definitely a, found at the back of the pantry hard as rock edges type bun and killed the effect, but that's why u order two and the other one was perfect.  Note to establishment, steam those buns.           Al's helped to put me at ease knowing that there is a place in the Valley that I can go to and not have to miss Chicago food or order form Portillo's online.  I want to try Pizza Puff and Gyro next time.  Good place will make it a must stop.
1	Al's is no more.  He has apparently sold both locations.  This one is now something like "Taste of Chicago".  Had a Chicago dog there and it was OK, but the place has lost its charm.  Al, I hope you're doing OK and weren't a victim of the recession.
5	LOVE Al's Chicago Dog.  Great service and like the new remodel with the big TVs.  Their jumbo dogs are excellent.
