5	Wright's appliance repair is very knowledgeable and efficient.  My dishwasher had been repaired by three different companies.  I was about to replace it, even though it was fairly new.  Wright's fixed it and gave me some advice for future maintenance.  It has been perfect since!  Also Wright's is extremely professional.  No comparison to the other repair companies.Thanks Wright's!
5	I called Wright's out the first time a couple of years ago when my clothes dryer stopped blowing hot air. He worked quickly and didn't try to push a service plan or anything. So last year when my clothes washer started overflowing I called the company again. Just like before, the serviceguy showed up on time and went straight to work. He told me what had gone wrong and in both instances the cost was far below what I would've expected to pay. When I work with Wright's I feel more like I'm working with a family friend rather than a business. It's nice to know there are still companies like this around.
5	What a breath of fresh air!  In the wake of a hellacious experience with a different appliance repair company, the folks at Wright's Appliance Repair were fantastic!  I made an appointment for my gas dryer to be fixed after another company damaged it further and the tech from Wright's was on-time, very well priced, courteous and fast.  He knew his product and was able to diagnose the issues with great ease.  I would highly recommend and will most definitely use Wright's for all of my future appliance repairs.
5	The most honest repair company I have ever come across.  We had a HORRIBLE experience with another company that came out to quote us on a repair.  I honestly can't say enough good things about this company.  FANTASTIC service.  Will be referring them every chance I get.
5	Friendly, fast, quality and reasonably priced service! You can't ask for much more than that.  I will absolutely call Wright's again when I need any appliance fixed.
4	These guys saved me a ton!  I already had 1 bid for $500 and these guys came out and fixed my microwave for $250!  It came with a warranty and everything.  What I like most about these guys is that I filled out an online form and he got back to me same day via email.  I love that since I hate talking on the phone since I do it all day already.  I do wish they had a mobile website since I could not figure out how to do it on my phone but did it real quick on my desktop.  I will most definitely use them again if I have any problems.  Oh yeah, he also takes credit cards which is a big deal apparently since the first guy that came out (cant remember the company name) only takes check or cash which is annoying.
5	I had a great experience with this company.  I sent an email explaining what was wrong with my dryer.  Within an hour I got a reply from Steven, and set an appointment for the next day.  He was on time, promptly repaired my dryer and was on his way in no time.  If I need repair service in the future I will call on him again.
5	Good experience and they showed up when they said they would. Cost was very reasonable and they were pleasant to deal with.
5	I had a problem with my washer and they came out and were completely honest and said it would cost more to fix it than getting a new one.So honest and professional... And no charge!  What an experience.. They will always get my business.
5	Very happy with my service. I called and left a message that was promptly returned (on superbowl sunday). Stephen came out, fixed the fridge and even fixed a few other smaller items while he was here. Only wish I called earlier than try to work on it myself. I am new to the area and very happy I found a great appliance guy.
5	We had service this morning on our 5-6 yo Maytag washer. We looked around for reviews on Kudzu and Yelp before calling anyone. Wright's appliance had exceptional reviews and we were not disappointed. All we're looking for is somebody who can do the job right without gouging. Unfortunately, our machine is beyond repair with bad bearings, but I appreciate hearing that rather than spending the price of a new washer on fixing the old. That is good business ethics and we will definitely call Wright's again when we need something repaired.
2	The only reason that he is not getting five stars is because he hasn't been returning phone calls.I have always highly recommended him to everyone because I was so pleased with our service last year.  However, after recommending him, people are not getting return phone calls.  Is he still in business?
5	I'm updating my review because Steven contacted me and resolved the situation quickly.  I have always recommended him in the past and will continue to do so.  He was professional and honest when he came to fix our washer.  It had what became an unusual problem but he took the time to fix it properly and assured us that he wouldn't leave until it was resolved.  I was very impressed with his customer service, honesty, and timeliness.  He was professional and knowledgeable.
5	Outstanding service. Steven was recommended by some friends and showed up ON TIME. He also solved the issue with our refrigerator and was pleasant and knowledgeable. I am glad I can count on Steven.
5	Steven came out to fix a problem with our washing machine.  Again, he showed up on time, got the work done quickly and cheerfully and solved the problem. Thanks, Steven! Well done!
5	Returned calls promptly. Very reasonable rate for an hour service call. Thorough and professional job.
5	We have used Steven to repair appliances a few times over the past few years.  He so reliable and honest.  He was just at our home to check our fridge that was giving us an error code indicating that the ice maker fan was not working.  Steven checked it everything was working fine.  He did not charge us for the service call as he had another call in our area.  He provides great service and is extremely professional.  We highly recommend him.
