3	It has stuff that reminds me of the fun-filed 80's. It has rock shirts from the 80's. I bought myself and my nephew matching Rush Moving Picture t-shirts. They looked good, but they are not exactly like the original MP tour shirts that had the movie clapboard on the back, but heck, he does not know about that stuff. Also got my Flogging Molly Shirt there. If I was a kid, I would see myself in here many hours
2	I remember this place from my high school days and back then I could always find something cool.  I walked into this place the other day and it has totally changed, not for the better.  Hot topic has turned into an emo Hell hole.  I was concerned that there would be someone cutting themselves in the corner and bleeding on my boots.  There were some interesting t-shirts but at $22.50 for a t-shirt ill pass.
4	Several sales staff on the floor and the male staff amused me in answering my questions. Think I might have made him feel uncomfortable when I asked about his ear and the spacer size he was at.  If nothing else I got a kick out of it.  :-) not a store I would buy things for myself anymore but could find things here for others.
4	Always when you walk in you are greeted and told what deals they have going on. This time was buy one of something and get another something a 50% off. The store is located in the Galleria Mall upstairs near the food court. It is a small store but, they always have it cleaned and maintained. The staff is very friendly and helpful if you are looking for a particular item or size.
4	The staff was friendly and even searched for an item I had been looking for.  They found the last one they had in the store for me.
1	We were greeted at the door so that was nice. I waited patiently to have an associate get a shirt off the top rack and was ignored. Then, my friend goes to pay and they ran out of change. I have never been to a Hot Topic in my life and even with super cute The Breakfast Club items, I would not return.
1	This store is absolutely disgusting.  Nothing is in the right spot, the staff is frazzled, and everything is so close together that if there are two people in the store you can't help but bump into them.  Boxes are half open, I am certain the shrinkage in this store is huge, and the prices are high for the quality.  Why, you ask, did I even enter this den of despair? Because they sucker my tween in with minecraft, pokemon, and my little pony paraphernalia.  However, this store is the worst Hot Topic I have been to.
