5	I can't say enough good things about these guys!  Honest, diligent and they should probably charge more.  Took my car in because the check engine light was on...figured it was some sort of emissions sensor.  They couldn't find anything wrong with the car and proceeded to spend over an hour on it (said they would only charge me for one hour regardless of how long it took to diagnose).  After still not finding anything wrong and clearing the emissions code, they gave me the car back and didn't charge me a dime because they never found any problems.  Never got the check engine light again (must have been a fluke).  I was tempted to pay them for at least an hour even though they weren't charging me.  But instead I'll be back and I'm spreading the word to everyone I know....take your car problems HERE!  They will treat you right and you will never have to question that you paid $500 for a part you may not have needed.
5	Wow!  An honest repair shop.  These guys are a no-brainer.
5	It's comforting to deal with an honest auto shop for once!  They've done a few small jobs for me without charge (installed a new blinker bulb and ran diagnostics on why my engine light was on.) They also did some repair work on a used jeep I bought and came in a couple hundred UNDER their estimate because they didn't have to buy all the parts they thought.  Nice guys, nice shop.
5	I hope this shop never goes out of business because finding an auto shop this honest, helpful, and accessible is just about impossible.
5	Great service from Shadow Mountain Auto Service.  Honest work done quickly for a reasonable price.  So glad to have found a mechanic I trust.
5	Me, and my entire family (5 cars) have been going here for years, from oil changes to serious problems.  Every time we go, Rip does a fantastic job, and is transparent and honest throughout.  Never work without asking first, and always try to help on the price (they've even done some small stuff for free).
5	Curt, Rip and everyone here are really helpful. Their commitment to quality work at good value is their highest priority. They won't sell you what you don't need, and they give a long warranty on the work they do. Very high integrity.
4	This place is fantastic. Great, honest service. I give it a 4 because they are not open on Saturdays. I appreciate closing for staff but it is very inconvenient for customers who are strapped for time. If you don't work or can get there during business hours I highly recommend them. If you are like me and work a lot, this is not the best place.  At least a half day on Saturdays like most dealerships would be great and would have made them a 5 in my review!
5	These guys were super awesome. I was buying a used car and they inspected my vehicle before I purchased it. They were either not busy, or they made time for me, as I had not scheduled the inspection, and they started checking under the hood within minutes of my arrival. I get the feeling that this is an honest shop, which is the #1 priority in my book. The inspection was free, but I gave them $20 anyway, which is probably less than many repair shops would charge. If I find myself needing a repair, I'll be back for sure!
5	When I moved in to the neighborhood a few years ago, I told Rip I was looking for a regular mechanic.  He said, "Give us a try."  Man, I'm glad I did.  These guys are so honest that they continually suggest ways we can save money on needed repairs.  Now, our family members from all over the Valley come here for any work.  I highly recommend them for their honesty, quality of work, and their overall friendliness.
5	Hi everyone, I just returned from Shadow Mountain Auto Service and am More than totally satisfied.  They are honest, friendly and obviously have integrity . This is the   shop that  I will continue to take my auto to.
5	We moved back to the area and needed some work done on our van. Shadow Mountain auto was very thorough, competent, and friendly. They even threw in some minor things, like an unnoticed tail light that needed to be fixed, for free!  Each time I go back, it is consistently a good experience.
5	2 things I found out today.1. Yelp is my new consumer Bible.2. Shadow Mountain Auto is my new 'toto' mechanic.Had to do 30k maint on one of my cars and did my cost estimate online. Expecting to pay $300+ from online information, I called Shadow Mtn and the guy told me around $200. Paid $140 when all done.Never in my life I paid less than what I expected on car repairs/maint.Another shop told me I need to replace my auto transmission oil at 30k, this people told me I didn't.I thought I need to replace my break shoes after I did my own 'half-ass' visual inspection, Shadow told me I didn't after they took a look at them.On oil changes, everyone else put a sticker on my windshield and said I needed to go back after 3000 miles, Shadow's says 5000 miles.These guys may not be the cheapest, but I know I will save money overall and never got any unnecessary service or repairs.Keep up the good work, Shadow.
5	Brought my car in for issues on starting. They did a thorough inspection, found several issues that needed to be addressed and advised I should go to dealership since it should be under warranty. Although he could not duplicate my starting issues, he didn't charge me for his service. He was friendly and appeared to be knowledgeable. Will be bringing our other car in soon. Nice to find a neighborhood car repair that doesn't rip you off. Kudos.
5	My car was overheating and the closest place I could think to take it was Pep Boys. They quoted me almost $700 because "all of my hoses needed to be replaced" along with my thermostat and a coolant flush. Not to mention they were going to charge me EXTRA for a warranty on the parts which is absolutely ludicrous. After talking to a trusted mechanic (who doesn't live in AZ) I took it for a second opinion to Shadow Mountain Auto Service. It was a bit of a drive but I made it. After all, they're yelp reviews are nothing but raving fans. A trusted, hard working, friendly auto business. Not only did they quote me $300 less but they told me they couldn't find anything wrong with my hoses. It was clean, comfortable, there's coffee... They even seemed genuinely concerned about me driving up there and told me to keep in touch and call them if I happened to need a tow. I'm so glad I decided to get a second opinion. Thanks Shadow Mountain for being so kind, greeting me by name and understanding that all anyone wants is an honest mechanic.
5	This team of people are great. What a positive experience.  They did work on my brakes and belts and went way out of their way to make sure the work was needed, they used the best materials and I was happy with the work.  They were very honest on work and pricing. Their pricing was very reasonable.  Curt  and his team take customer satisfaction and fairness seriously and it shows in how they take care of their clients.  The waiting room is very nice with welcoming coffee and wi-fi. They will have my business and will highly recommend to others
5	This garage is as good as it gets!  I've been coming here for ~7 years and wouldn't think of going elsewhere.  These guys are fast, courteous, thorough and most of all HONEST.  I recommend them to everyone who needs a great mechanic.
5	I took my truck in for an oil leak, and they found the leak and repaired it very quickly. The staff was very courteous and did not try to sell me on other services. I will definitely being going back there for all my future automotive needs. They are cheaper and by far less hassle for oil changes than jiffy lube.
5	Finally, found an honest repair shop that fixed my immediate problem & did not try to sell me a laundry list of manufacuture recommended  repairs based on millage.  Asked Rip (owner) to check couple of oil leaks which they did & told what the issues were, cost to repair & if they needed immediate attention. No sales  pressure just an honest  conversation with someone  I now trust for my auto repairs.  Thanks Rip, will be back
5	Cant say enough positive things about this garage. Curt, the owner, knows everything there is to know about vehicles and therefore gets the diagnostics correct. By getting the diagnostics correct, this garage fixes the problems correctly. The staff are friendly and informative to both genders. Prices are great. You wont go wrong with this garage
5	I haven't had many auto shop experiences aside from getting my tires rotated and oil changes when I didn't feel like doing them. I must say I am impressed with these guys! They are polite, friendly and courteous. Every time I called they were fantastic. They didn't do anything that wasn't necessary and didn't give me a spiel about all the things I should fix on my car. They work fast, and I was quite pleased when my total bill came under the estimate both times I've been there. I would highly recommend them.
5	Got my brakes done a week ago, drove out of town. Brakes seemed worse by the time I returned home. Went back and they took care of the problem beyond my expectations! You measure a business by how they handle things when they go bad.  I was extremely happy with how they took care of me and they have earned my repeat business!!
5	Honest and committed to quality service.  They go above and beyond expectations every time, even on our vintage Lincoln. We have taken multiple veciles here for several years and wont go anywhere else.
5	The words I would like to emphasize for these guys are honesty & competency. If you are looking for a mechanic who will level out the playing field and tell you exactly how it is, these guys are the ones to go to. The gentleman I was talking to therewas Ron and he  laid out exactly what I needed and things I did not need currently. Through a simple conversation with him, I realized how much Honda Dealership was taking advantage of me and I worked in sales! Guys, I cannot thank you enough for the education and your honesty! Thank you guys!
5	I have been going here for 12 years. This place is the most honest mechanic I have ever known. . . I have a jeep and I've brought it in there for everything possible. If something on my vehicle isn't broken they don't charge me to fix it... And as a single woman you be surprised how many shops try to charge you to fix something that they have never  touched .  At Shadow Mtn when they know that someone else can do it for less they let me know. There have never been hidden costs.  The  same mechanics have been there for years and I've never had a problem with anything that they have fixed.
5	I have been going to Shadow Mountain Auto for few years now after coming here on a whim. I will never go anywhere else. Their customer service is amazing. Their quality of work is fantastic. They truly go above and beyond. My family has  brought in luxury cars, 4 wheel drives, high performance muscle cars and they always make sure we leave happy.
5	So these guys are pretty awesome!  My car was misfiring.  The first place I took it to said it was just my o2 sensor...it wasn't.  The second place was going to charge me upwards of $500 just for the diagnostics.  Ron quoted me a reasonable price to perform the diagnostic tests.  They also charged a reasonable price for labor and gave me a list of the other work I need to eventually have done.  These guys are honest and fast.  I'll be going back to them for sure.
