4	The second Popped location has opened up at the corner of Hualapai and Twain in Summerlin, convenient for fans like me who live in the area.  I've been to the Henderson location a few times, but having one this close to me is so much more convenient.  The location they had at Town Square is closed, too.  Open seven days a week, from 9:00am-7:00pm, come here for free samples and friendly service.  I snagged small bags of the Cinnamon Toast and Marilyn Monroe (white chocolate and coconut), and got a free small mixed bag with purchase for the grand opening, as well,  an offer good until 7/15/14.  Welcome to the neighborhood!
5	Best pop corn in town!  Try their Marilyn Monroe that's our fav!  We stop by on way to movies and bring it in with us...  They also do party's!!!!!!
4	On my initial visit, I tried many different flavors.  And the girl behind the counter was very accommodating.  She let my friend and I try a bunch of different flavors.  Gave us recommendations, personal favorites, and customer favorites.  The dilly pickle is tangy and delicious.  I had to get a bag off of this.  I also got a mix of nacho cheese and hot stuff.  I wanted that cheesy goodness mixed with a bit of kick.  My friend got the cheddar and hot stuff.  Can't go wrong with either choice if you want cheese, cheese, and some kick.There are a lot of flavors, both sweet and savory.  You can mix and match any of the flavors you want.  I'm not a huge fan of sweet popcorn, so I always stick with the savory ones.  If you're in the mood for a fun and funky snack, but don't feel like eating potato chips, Popped is the place for you.  But be warned, Popped is highly addicting!!!
5	I was done with popcorn because of the jacked up prices at CornFusion and the unclean, disgusting environment/popcorn at Popcorn Girl. I was going into Popped to check it out and it was amazing.  They have better quality flavors and a clean store. The staff was friendly. The prices were way better than PG and CF. It's also much healthier than PG. I suggest you never go back to Popcorn Girl. Buy your Popcorn at Popped (:
5	I'm a fan! tried many flavors and loved them all! Super cute place! My favorite was the frozen popcorn and Marilyn Monroe... amazing...A+
4	You would think all popcorn  is the same, but you would be wrong.  Popped is a magical store with interesting flavors covering fresh popcorn  kernels.  They have flavors like dill pickle, buffalo chicken wings, and your standard white cheddar.  They also have a variety of sweetened popcorn. What's cool is they will mix and match flavors for you.  We visited two stores.  One in the Summerlin area, and the other on Eastern Avenue.  We found the customer service at Summerlin to be excellent.  Both stores were very clean, and presented very well.  When visiting Las Vegas try giving 'Popped' a try.  It's a different kind of gift versus Trader Joes or some beef jerky.
4	Such a nice friendly person working and yummy popcorn.
