4	The building and facilities are pretty good really. They have alot ALOT of animals there for adoption, and a great selection of cats, but sadly 90% of the dogs are Pit Bulls. Sure I feel bad for them, and I wish to god these ghetto morons in this town would spay/neuter their pit bulls so there aren't so damned many of them. Breaks my heart that so many are put to sleep. It's about time these fools realize there is no correlation between the size of the dog's balls, and their own manliness. Dumbasses.I got a cat there about a year ago, and she's a great cat. All shots, spay, transport box, and even a starter bag of dry food. All for like a $13 adoption fee! I felt I HAD to donate more, but they don't even solicit for more.If you're considering a pet, stop by this place and see what they have. I feel sooooo bad for these poor creatures that need a home.
5	I've adopted 4 animals from this shelter and every single experience was wonderful.  This shelter strives to join every animal it has up for adoption with an appropriate family.  They don't euthanize unless it's necessary for sick, suffering or violent animals.  They screen adopters and make sure they can take care of the specific animal they want to adopt.  (For large dogs, you need to have a big enough house/yard for them to romp in.)  They spay/neuter all the animals that come through their facility and offer microchipping.  Every worker I ever encountered was helpful and happy and cared for the animals.  After all of this, adoption fees are ridiculously low.  They're practically giving these wonderful animals away.
5	I have never been to an animal shelter that didn't make me feel terribly depressed, angry, and, well, dirty. That is, until I visited this shelter. Of course, I was still pretty bummed after we left, but I certainly felt a lot better than I normally would after a visit to a shelter.This place is incredible. The units are cleverly and beautifully designed, well-landscaped, and energy efficient (http://www.liedanimalshelter.org/energyefficient.html). I noticed employees taking special care of the newcomers, as they seemed to be very concerned with how they were adjusting to the new (hopefully very temporary) digs. We went with a friend of mine once, who decided on a very tiny Chihuahua mix. I was very pleased when they scheduled him for their open clinic, where he received free care and a prescription for a little infection he had in his eye. Fixed him right up in a jiffy.I'm so impressed with this place. I never before imagined a "feel-good" animal shelter.
5	This is the animal shelter should be the nation's example for how to run an effecting animal shelter. The staff really cares about the animals, so much so that they actually screen potential adopters. They only euthanize if it is absolutely necessary and only in the most humane circumstances. The shelter is clean and well kept, and even though it is so disheartening to walk through, the people here make it feel like home as best they can for the animals. I am going back next week to (hopefully) finalize a puppy, and can only remind people that this is the way to go for adopting a new friend. Why spend the money on a puppy mill pup, when the money can go to giving your new mut all the love and toys in the world!
5	I adopted my puppy here over a year and a half ago, and it was the best decision I ever made. The shelter was great in assisting me with the dog. They'll give you a list of vets where you can get a free initial checkup for your dog. The dog will be spayed and have all its shots before you adopt it. You're also welcome to bring your dog back if there are any problems. My dog did have kennel cough, but my vet gave me antibiotics and she was fine after a couple weeks of TLC. There are so many beautiful dogs to adopt here, including HUSKIES, german shepherds, and other animals. Don't buy dogs...adopt!
4	At first glance it looks like a prison. It just gave me the creeps. But it's really big. And i went through every room and looked at all the dogs and fell in love with one who just got there this little..austrailian shepherd named Dixie who... was in good shape, they had given her all her shots already checked her out and was ready to go. So with a donation to get a leash and toys and some paperwork later, she is no longer a pet pound doggie!
4	I don't know how to rate our experience. Everything was fine in the cat section until they brought the boxes out for the "euths". A few minutes before closing I would say about twelve boxes were set out for cats and even kittens(!) that were being taken out of the adoption center to meet their demise. My main complaint against that is Lied should do that afterhours! To see such the reality of pet overpoplulation was very shocking. My wife left in tears. Enough about that, my main reason for writing is to say SPAY and NEUTER your animals, and if you have some extra room in your heart and life, please run (don't walk )and adopt an animal!UPDATE: I went back the next day to adopt a cat we had seen. "Harpo" (now Fritz) was still there. I did notice how empty it looked now that the other felines were taken away. All the staff I interacted with were very nice and the place is very clean. Fritz was not yet fixed, so I had to come back on Sunday to pick him up.  Sunday we picked him up and brought him home. More friendly staff interaction. I ended up giving Lied 4 stars because of the many good aspects of the place. I did not give five stars because of the "euth" incident.  Go down today and adopt a lifetime friend!
4	I've been to A LOT of shelters (for myself and for whatever reason every friend/family wants to bring me with them) and I like how this one is run and designed. Of course every shelters has their downfalls like euthanasia, but here they keep dogs until space is needed it seems. Some shelters I've been to- some shelters have animals have a predetermined sleep date, only altered if rare breed or young/puppy. They have plenty of space here though and keep dogs until they have no space. It's just a part of reality and can't fault them for the overpopulation and abandonment that people cause.  I like that the cells are not separated by just fence, its solid wall, as some dogs get fenced bullied and end up more anxious. Also there is a doggy door in the back of their cube and they are let out to a run for exercise. This is a first for this type of kennel in America and I think a great idea. (Bob from this shelter kindly explained much of their process and facilities to me). Also most of this is run off from solar panels. I appreciate the cleanliness as many big city shelters are kinda rank. Staff here are people who give a shit too about these animals. Thank you, finally! Been to so many city shelters where people there are just employees doing their thing. I'm sure there are some here that are like that, but the ladies who helped us were so helpful and emotional seeing a pet go home.You can also check out the available animals through their site before visiting. Also they have a low cost spa&neuter and a vaccine clinic. NO excuse to not do it! It's affordable enough and many people still claim they cant afford it (specially on craigslist) which makes me worried at what quality of care/food can they afford their dog if $50 spay is too much. Now onto my pet experiences:First was at a Petsmart- they have permanent cat adoption booths and as we were browsing fishtanks we looked at the cats and one cat would not let off trying to be cute for us. Someone came out and told us to come in and meet him. He was sweet and though were not normally cat people, we felt he was special. We got him home and he was so fearful for days...Bob, the contact person for Lied fostered him for a bit and called to ask if he had suggestions on how to make this cat comfortable. He was so sweet and talkative with different advice and just talking to me about our cats personality and likes. Also a few days in I discovered I had a cat allergy and was devastated if I couldn't keep him....after trying so many allergy meds nothing worked out  I called him thinking I have to give back the cat. Something delayed our meeting and I tried one last medicine and it worked! I called to tell him and he sounded so genuinely happy. Thanks Bob for being patient and understanding through my calls and really being a great fellow to these animals- I can tell how much you care. Thank you thank you!  "Troy" who we call Troibos (like Rooibos tea cuz he likes to smell in the tea cups) is a happy crazy playful cat with his own cat playroom/bedroom. Next experience was at the actual shelter. We went to look for a dog for our new house. Really was impressed with the facility like I mentioned and brought several dogs to the yard to get to know (dont forget ID! you need it to take out a dog and adopt! also you need something, mail whatever with your address if its different from ID, also apt dwellers- something that says animals are okay in the apt). We picked one black poodle mix and he was sent off to be neutered so we had to pick him up later. We passed at first on a senior pug mostly for her age was concerning to us. Overnight we couldnt get her out of our minds so decided to adopt her when we pick up the other one. When we told the staff we'd take "Nellie/Henrietta" (she's called LuLu Cooking Monstor now) home, the girl helping us was so excited she said she felt like crying because "no one adopts the older ones" and another staff said she was "special and a sweetheart". She cant handle heat so she was housed in the adoption tent where it was cooler and probably bonded with the staff by her proximity to their desks. Many of the staff there were happy and said goodbye to her, obviously the people here do care about the welfare of their animals and had very attentive service. After a few weeks we had fighting problems with the black poodle- our pug and cat bonded against him and it was no where to be for him. They were very understanding about bringing him back and after just a week and a half he was adopted to a better home. We couldn't have been more wrong about passing up our pug the first time for her age. Yeah you can tell she's old but shes very healthy for her age and has been the best dog- mild mannered, social, good listener and a fast learner. I changed my mind about senior dogs- I definitely will do it again! Quality of life with her outweighs the fact that we have less time with her since shes 8-9 years old.
4	I adopted my female white and black spotted Labrador Pit Bull Mix from this shelter back in 2000 or 2001. She had been here for over 30 days (that's long) and the price to adopt her was $10.00 (plus the $10.00 fee for a license- this came with a free initial vet visit and supposedly micro chipping) because they wanted to give this sweet dog (she's my gentle giant) a chance- everyone here said "Ohhhh, you're adopting this one". She picked me! When I saw her in her little fenced area with no mess (rare- all the other dogs had made a mess), she greeted me with a very happy 360 degree turn and extreme tail wagging action. Today, years later, a few pounds later (she was skinny when I got her) and after a few Marley moments (Labrador owners, I know that you can relate), she's still with me.    It's so sad to see all these unwanted dogs here; the animal lover in me just wishes that all of them could go to good loving homes where they are actual members of the family kept inside the home (not animals- not secondary beings). The facility is split into two parts- one for dogs, and one for cats. The people working here really do care about these animals. There is a little section where you can visit with the dog or cat individually. This is the only location to purchase the pet license, BTW. I prefer this cleaner and newer shelter to Dewey (that place is nasty- it smells like feces, gross). When my dog went missing (yeah, some idiot jack-ass came onto our property and did it- someone's got some nerve, right?), we came here, and she was safe, but dirty (yuck). It was right on Thanksgiving (it was a long night), and I was worried sick about her not being home. Our other dog (her  best buddy) was so sad over her being gone and spent the night on her bed. It was fairly easy to find her- someone working there recognized her from the picture we brought and we were able to find her- we split up until we got to her. You have to pay a $25 fee. But it was fairly fast, less than an hour- I couldn't wait to get her home to give her a bath.
5	This is a great animal shelter. We adopted 2 dogs from this shelter. The animals are kept clean and they are taken care of. Volunteers and staff take the dogs for walks at least once a day. They are sooo many dogs at Lied. It truly hurts to see them all in the kennels. In addition to dogs, they also have cats, and some other exotic animals. The shelter also has a clinic, where ppl can get their dog's shot given for 25$ which is a lot cheaper than many other clinics. They also neuter/spay the dogs before adoption, which is included in the adoption fee of ca $105.
4	The Pros:    Every one of the adoption workers/volunteers I interacted with was unbelievably friendly and helpful, to the point where it actually surprised me. I've found that at a lot of shelters the employees and volunteers have this attitude like you're somehow inconveniencing them by trying to adopt an animal. I never once got this feeling from the employees or volunteers at Lied Animal Shelter.   The kennels were clean (except for the very recently soiled ones). Each dog had plenty of its own food and water. The dog is up-to-date on his/her shots when you adopt, microchipping and neuter/spay surgery is performed the day after you adopt your dog, so although you can't take your dog home the same day you adopt (unless he/she has already been fixed) at least you only have to wait until the following afternoon to pick him/her up. You receive a free 5lb bag of Science Diet dog food and a certificate for a free vet exam (although most vets in the Las Vegas area perform free wellness exams for new clients regardless of where or how you got your dog). The dog I adopted (a chihuahua) was very healthy when I took her to the vet. She had a mild case of kennel cough, but just as the vet said-- it was mild enough to go away on its own and it did after about a week or so. Everything else looked great about her and it appeared as though the shelter had been taking good care of her!The Cons:    It's quite difficult to find an adoption counselor who isn't already helping someone else with their adoption. It seemed like there were only a handful of adoption counselors floating around and it just wasn't enough for all the people who wanted to take a dog out of its kennel to bond with, and for the people who were ready to adopt. There isn't a "take a number and wait your turn" system, so you pretty much have to keep an eye on an adoption counselor and pounce on him/her as soon as she's done helping someone else, otherwise you could end up waiting all night.      The walk-in shot clinic takes a long time to get through and it's quite disorganized. You sign in on a clipboard (if you even see it. The woman behind the counter kept picking it up and pacing back and forth with it then setting it back down) and fill out a patient information sheet. Then you wait for the cashier to call your name and hope you can hear it over the screaming children who are running all over the place. You turn in your information sheet, pay for your dog's shots, and then you're assigned a number. You sit back down and wait for your number to be called for your dog to receive his/her shots. There were only about 5 or 6 other dogs in the shot clinic when I arrived with my dog to get her booster shots, but for some reason I was there for over an hour. It took just as long to wait for the cashier to call my name as it did to wait for my dog's turn to get her shots. It was only $25 for her full set of booster shots, so I'm not upset about the long wait. But I'll probably just shell out the extra $10-20 at my local vet next time because the long wait at Lied's shot clinic is hard to understand (since there aren't very many animals there at a time) and the waiting area is just as headache-inducing as the DMV even though there are fewer people.
5	Have adopted 2 cats from here. The staff is very friendly & helpful. The cats were healthy and playful. Very clean & sanitary.
5	Every single time I come here, my husband has to drag me out. The dogs and cats are sooo cute, I always want to take at least 1 or 2 home every single time. We adopted our kitten from there and she was spayed the morning of the day we picked her up. Staff was friendly and courteous, the shelter is clean and organized, and the pets look healthy... whats not to like? I love this place! If it was closer to home, I'd come here more often.I'd love to get a second cat, or dog... hopefully sometime in the near future and i intend on getting it from here (gotta talk hubby into it tho). Who knows, maybe I'll just get lonely one day when he deploys and I'll just come here and bring another one home, this way I don't have him saying "NO... NO... NO... keep walking... NO!" to every single animal I lay my eyes on. Im a sucker for those furry little guys :) Husbands says this is the first stage of animal hoarding and/or someday I'll be the old lady with 11 cats... and quite frankly, I can actually see it happening haha.
5	Adopted 2 cats from here last year. It is a kill shelter, but that may be a good thing in the long run. It would very expensive to keep every stray alive and healthy for their full life. They do the best they can with what they have. We need to educate people to get their pets fixed. First cat was a tortie girl that hid in the back of the cage. When the staff guy tried to drag her out she growled. He put a note on her cage about that. I did not adopt that day, but I couldn't help but think there was a good chance that girl would get a death sentence. Not a bad cat, just really afraid of everything. I went back and she was still there so I adopted her. I also donated $100. (patches)So Patches just hid for a couple weeks, more than a normal cat would. I decided to get a second cat to see if she would socialize better. I picked a black 4 month old boy with a broken tail. This guy was just the opposite. (curly) Curly never hid. He found Patches and chased her everywhere. Patches is starting to come out of her shell and lets me pet her a little. BTW, you never know what or who you will see at the shelter. When I was there the second time I saw this blond with big tits adopting a ferret. I knew I had seen her before. She said she was adopting the ferret, Nancy, to be a chum for her other ferret, Sid. I remembered her name on the way home, Holly Madison. Turns out she does a lot for the shelter. Way to go Holly.
4	Animal Shelters are usually depressing places, but the first thing I noticed when I came here was a lack of an overwhelming depressing vibe. The dog area was difficult to find (follow the signs! keep following them - and if you get lost ask in the main office) but once we made it there it was a clean series of small buidlings where the dogs wer ein spacious kennels. The volunteers and staff were all eager to help and it being a Saturday they were running back and forth between people.  You could tell that the volunteers were hoping each dog that they let out of the kennel would have  a home by the end of the day. If you are looking at adopting a second dog, the staff encourages you to bring your current dog. There is plenty of space and the energy of the place is very calm; I normally wouldn't advise bringing in a dog to a kennel but here there are plenty of places We went in to look at the dogs, but ended up deciding on adopting a kitten instead. The staff saw me looking at cats while my husband and I debated the various dogs and wisely asked if I wanted to hold one of the kittens and then recommended getting a kitten if we already had a dog. Couldn't have been happier with the experience. There is a bit of a wait time, to fill out paperwork and pay but considering how busy it was I forgave the time. We came back the next day to pick up the kitten we adopted (they only fix the animals once they know they are going home with someone) and the staff was very efficent  and were genuinely happy to see animals go home with people. -Diffcult to find dog area (go inside any fo the buildings - the staff will direct you and there are signs..it's just a longer walk than you expect). -Clean with a very chill vibe. There is nothing depressing about this place.  You could bring your current dog and there are plenty of places you could take them for "chill" time if they got excited or upset. -There were not many kittens, although a bunch of cats. Granted, considering I adopted one of the kittens and the other people there were adopting kittens it may just been a good day to be a kitten at the Animal Foundation.  - Very reasonable prices. This includes all their shots to date and spay/neuter services. Medium, aduit dogs - $105Small dogs & puppies - $155Cats & Kittens - $80I don't think I will ever go to a pet store again, not with how great an experience this was.
5	I just received a note from an employee of Lied that I will share, "I know it's an old posting but I work as an adoption counselor at Lied and the cats that are moved right before closing are not the euth cats. All of the cats that got adopted and still need to be spayed or neutered have to be moved to surgery holding in the main building for the doctors in the morning. Our staff is very discrete on moving the unfortunate euth cats each day. Hopefully your wife will find comfort in knowing those cats she cried over that day all got adopted and are in happy loving homes most likely as I type. : )"It is possible I misheard what was going on. I wasn't eavesdropping. This adoption counselor said they are discrete-that was my only rbig complaint.  That said, I think the employees were great and the cat area was very clean and tons of signs stating that you should use hand sanitizer between handling different cats--a very good idea. Fritz is still an awesome cat, I don't forsee our getting another cat for 5 years or so, but Lied would be the top of our list. If you love animals, and can offer them a great home ,go and adopt one today!
4	It is so sad to see all of the animals that need homes. Methinks they are doing their best over at the Animal Foundation.In1996 we adopted a chow mix pup who lived until last week ... that's 14.5 years of unconditional lovein 1997 we adopted an akita mix pup who lived until last year ... that's 13 years of unconditional loveLast year we adopted a shepard mix pup and a mixed pup that seems like a jack russel and pit. We are lucky to have had 4 loyal and very lovable dogs who give love and guard the house.
5	When my Mom's Cocker passed and she was ready for a new addition she knew no matter want she wanted to rescue.  She was very specific that her breed of choice was Shih Tzu.   I've had experience with the Animal Foundation before with friends so I immediately went on their website and discovered the breed request feature.  I would get daily updates if there were any Shih Tzus available that day and their info.  After a little patience and a couple of visits she found a young male.  She was so happy with him that we used the system a few months later to go get him a friend!  As far as the process the staff is friendly and helpful and the kennels are clean.  They also offer a senior discount.  I would recommend to everyone to adopt or foster if you can and always check shelters first even if you are looking for a pure bred.  You never know what you will find.
4	I have mixed reviews about this place.On the one hand: I fell in love with this beautiful chihuahua mix puppy. I went out to Petsmart that night to pick up the name tag and everything... The next morning I was. Woken up to the call of nightmares... The dog I fell in love with had a very bad heart murmur , the doctor won't operate, and she will be put down.but the good news is that I can come in for a refund or pick out a new dog... Really?!?  I am completely devastated over this loss nd now I get to pick another dog? On the other hand: for the month of August if you get your animal spayed/neutered you receive free shots for life and a free bag of food. I went back to the shelter and eventually found another puppy-as hard as it was. I've had her for almost 2 weeks now and she's doing great. There are 22 rooms of dogs to look through. The rooms are clean and for the most part the volunteers are extraordinary. I willl always have shelter jobs-they show you true love.
5	Went here after looking at the many animals for adoption they have listed on their professional and well organized site. As much as I'd love a cat or a dog we don't have the space for one at the moment. I saw that they had cockatiels under "Other."We already have a small flock of 'tiels that we dote on, but we decided we had room in our hearts and home for more, as well as two cages given to me from a friend (although our tiels are really only in their cages at night and when we both go out). I headed downtown and went into the adoption room/huge white tent thingie.The premises were clean and  I wished I had time to talk to all the cats that vied for my attention as I headed to the exotics room. They seemed very sweet, and it was hard not to respond to their beseeching meows.The adoption volunteers were really nice. The hardest thing was choosing three cockatiels out of the dozen plus that they had. The three I chose ended up being real sweeties, all ready to step up onto your finger and sing happily while playing on top of their cages.If you're looking for an animal companion please adopt instead of buying a dog/cat/bird/turtle/snake/etc! These animals have a lot of love and would adore being your friend for life!
5	I am very impressed with this facility.A couple weeks ago my boyfriend decided we should get a new dog. Although he decided we should go look very late in the day - we got there really late, about 45 minutes before they were closing. We did get to look through the kennels, but the staff had everyone leave at the closing time. We returned the next morning to continue our search.I have lived in Vegas for a long, long time and I have been to Lied awhile ago. Believe me, this place has had a serious face-lift and the volunteers and employees who work here have seriously been upgraded as well. When I remember being here as a child, it was a very sad experience. Yes, going to the pound is typically a sad experience in a way, but now it is not so bad.The dogs are all kept in very clean kennels, they have doggy doors that exit the back of their kennels as well. The buildings the kennels are housed in appear to have AC as well. All of the dogs looked very well taken care of and they have a system that indicates whether or not the dog has had a walk that day or not. If you find a dog you like you can very quickly find one of the employees or one of the volunteers who will get you a leash and open the kennel for you.Once you get out the dog you can walk him/her around, there are even enclosed yard-like areas that you can take the dog in to and allow them to run around and play. It is a fantastic way to find out if you click with a dog and if they like you/you like them, etc. The check-out process is easy-peasy! Once you've decided you like a doggy and want to take him/her home you simply let someone know, they have people with laptops right there who will take your information, ask you questions, and let you know about the history of the animal. Then that person will direct you to the other part of the facility where you will finish up your process.Bonus - they also give you a small bag of the food that the animal has been eating there at the facility. They suggest you mix that food with whatever food you plan on feeding the dog so they can be weaned into it without getting an upset stomach from a quick food switch.Our little pup is a little over a year old and he's happily adjusting to his new life. We've had him for a couple weeks now and he's very happy! So glad we had such a good experience here. :)
5	I am very impressed with this facility. When deciding to make our little family a little bigger we checked out a couple of the adoption facilities that pet co and pet smart have on the weekends. These are no-kill shelter animals and the people running them seem to have no urgency to let the animals go to a good home. We decided going to a place where we could SAVE A LIFE was our best bet. Clean and safe are the easiest ways to describe this place. The staff was very helpful and after playing with a few little guys we found the perfect little man to bring home. The hardest thing is saying bye again for a night while they get spayed or neutered. Cant wait to pick him up and give him a name tomorrow!!
4	I got my furball here back in April 2009 (said furball is in my main photo) after spending months searching for a lhasa apso or lhasa apso mix. I appreciated the website set-up and when I went to the shelter, I really appreciated how it was set up.  This was a major change from back in 2002 when I first visited this shelter when I went in to attempt at volunteering.  Back in 2002, there was no way I could even consider volunteering, and in fact, I left crying my eyes out.  When I adopted my dog back in April 2009, it was a completely different situation, and that situation was awesome.  Only thing that knocks off a star on this place is that it is, unfortunately though humanely, a kill-shelter.
5	great experience! we picked an awesome chihuahua, everyone was so nice!
5	Friendly and helpful staff. Clean and well kept spaces for the pets. Ive been a pet owner/ foster parent my entire life and this is one of the overall best shelters i have been too. Highly recommend finding the new addition to your family here :)
4	Woof!This place is totally the most quality place I have gone to for dogs.  a.  Parking - Plentyb.  Hospital - Next doorc.  Cleanliness - Wow, spectaculard.  set up - Must be about 18 small metal buildings where you walk on both sides to view all the dogs. You move from building to building and all seem so clean and nice.e/  Staff - Plenty of staff outside on nice days under pop up canopies to handle your adoption process.This place, is really nice, especially when you compare it to Dewey. While Dewey is great as it is a no kill shelter, it does not compare to Lied Animal foundation when it comes to cleanliness and organization.GK says get your next do here!
4	I am a cat lover!  I would have one of every kind but know I couldn't be able to handle more than a few at one time.  I have had cats all my life and they can be wonderful pets.  We wanted to pick up a kitten, we knew that the spring would yield more but we stopped in to take a look.The selection was limited as far as the young ones, they had plenty of older cats, I had two already, one solid black and one black and white, both short hair.  My husband and I were drawn to a five month old, orange and white long hair.  His eyes were carmel colored and so expressive.  After a few minutes of play, we knew he'd come home with us and it was done.  He gave us fit in the carrier on the way home, crying and carrying while in the car, once home, he was out of the box and immediately became friends with our other two.  He was a great addition.  We have had picked up three cats from the shelter and haven't regretted it at all.  I know that not all animals here are rescued but it's a great place for a cute cuddly pet, so stop by and try not to take them all home with you!
5	Please go here, if you are looking for a new addition to your family. I had been thinking of adopting a chihuahua for almost a year, and it has been 9 months since we lost our last dog. Now we have had Josey for 3 weeks and we were so happy to hear about the Foundation. We found the perfect little girl for our family. She is exactly what we were looking for: not a puppy, not a barker, willing to go to men, women and children, not afraid of anyone or other dogs or cats. The Foundation is clean, has great staff and is organized. It is the best shelter that i have ever been too, and the only thing that i would say is that they need more volunteers. Go here before you get another pet. There are so many that deserve a good home.
5	I'm originally from Los Angeles and each shelter I had ever been to there was in AWFUL condition. The Animal Foundation was the total opposite. It was so clean and organized I almost forgot I was at an animal shelter.  Unfortunately they are a kill shelter, but they really do seem to try. The dog I adopted had been there almost 6-weeks. That's a long time for a shelter to keep a stray dog. The girl there told me they kept renewing his "re-evaluation date" because he was so sweet. And I am sooooo glad they did, cuz he is pretty much the perfect dog. Really he is, just look at him  :-)  If you are thinking about getting a new pet you should at least give The Animal Foundation a shot. You could save a life !!!!!
5	I'm not one for writing reviews - heck, I'm signing up on here just to write this! - but I came across this posting and looked into my little guy's eyes and just wanted to give my experience with the Animal Foundation.I had never been here when it was the Lied shelter, so I don't have any comparisons, but I think this is one of the best shelters I've been to.  At first glance it's overwhelming (the dog part at least) - 20-odd buildings to go through, and lots of walking (so don't wear uncomfortable shoes!).   Each of the buildings is air-conditioned, and the staff makes a great effort to keep the doors closed (even though while I was there, many visitors would carelessly leave the doors open - keep the dogs cool, people!)  As other reviews state, each dog has its own indoor and outdoor areas separated by a doggy door, and they seem to be very comfortable and happy.  Seeing the dogs one row at a time helps a lot - I've been to shelters where you're in a gym-size room with back to back rows of dogs, and the cacophony of barks gets overwhelming to say the least.  I just went to "look" at dogs, and went through each and every building and kennel until coming to the last one, where I found a little ball of fur named Felix, who had a little old man face and huge fluffy paws.  I really wanted a running buddy, and this 14lb terrier didn't seem to fit the bill, so I hemmed and hawed between him and a larger dog, and went home with neither the first day.  The staff is very friendly, they let you walk the dog around (after giving your license) and play in little areas.  I couldn't get the little fluffy ball out of my mind, so the next morning I came by and adopted him.  A friend had told me that the adoption rates are negotiable, and maybe they are, but in Felix's (now named Murray) case they were not - they had already been dropped once because he was at the shelter for a few weeks.  Knowing he didn't have much time left made me even happier to part with my $155, which thankfully included his neutering and vaccines.  He's the best dog - playful, happy, and after being groomed he looks more like a puppy than an old man :)  I wish I could have taken all of the dogs there - there are so many wonderful dogs to choose from, and I can only hope that more people choose to adopt and save the lives of these dogs!  (Also, the cat area is very clean, inside a big white tent, and the cats were adorable as well! )
5	The only way to get a new furry family member is to adopt from the shelter.  The Animal Foundation (formerly the Lied Animal Shelter) is a great place to go.  The animals are kept in a very clean environment, and the people who work there are friendly and knowledgeable.
3	I am seriously 50/50 on this place because of all the factors and how much they weigh:The most negative things are- ITS A KILL SHELTER. 72 hrs for cats, and they're done! Dogs get a little longer, but here's my point-if you've lost an animal, you better get your ass here now! to find them and you have to go every other day (which is a damn 30 min drive for me) and don't forget to check the DOA/injured reports, and "animals out of public sight" catalog. They could be in there!Second, I overheard a guy who found out his grandma's dog got picked up, who had a collar, and the shelter euthanized the dog without even contacting the owner to say they had the dog! the grandma left in tears with a leash in her hand!!!Here's my median opinion-the people they hire are very low paid people and some are just plain not paid, volunteers....so what do I expect?There are good things, redeeming qualities:It is a clean, well maintained facility.The adoptions areas are very nice, and they screen the pets that go into adoption.If your animal is found and you claim them, they make you get the animal spayed/neutered if it has not been done already and they will give them shots.Losing a pet is very sad and frustrating, but maybe you rescue another one to help both yourself and an animal on death row.
5	The first time I was looking to get a dog I initially went to the humane societies near my place in the south west and was told by a lady working there that if I was serious adopting I should consider the animal foundation specifically because they are a kill shelter so I could go down there and potentially save a life.I've been there many times since then and always found the facilities clean and the volunteers/workers friendly and knowledgeable.  They really want to find homes for the animals, the dogs that are in danger of being put down have extra signs on their kennels pleading with visitors to save them.  I think they try to work with what they have and do the best they can.That said both of my dogs are from animal foundation and they are the best dogs.  i wish I could take them all home!  For the adoption fee you get a your animal spayed/neutered, micro-chipped, shots, and a free visit to the vet.  My first dog had an ear infection which they were very upfront about and it was nothing major.  When it came time to get a second dog they were very helpful about finding the right personality to go along with first girl.I highly recommend this place if you're thinking of a new addition to your family.
5	I desperately need a kind loving home for my two beautiful boy cats.  I am 74 and had to move to an apt which I can not bring the cats to.  I have paid to have them boarded for the past 9 months praying I would one day be able to keep them.  I now have to face the heartbreak that I can not have them.  I don't know where to turn.  If there is someone who would love them I would appreciate a email.  rkaye99@gmail.com
2	This place at first was upsetting. My son left my door open and our dog ran away. When we looked online and found her at animal foundation. All the kids were happy to go get her. When we got to this place the staff was cold and insensitive. The lady at the counter must have said 8 times how they would euthanize our dog if we did not get her out soon. Our dog is 14 yr old and they wanted to spade her. We told them she was to old and would hurt her. The lady at the counter again quoted me policies and then showed paper work . As she said ITS THE LAW..my kids were freaked out so we left. Oh they wanted $200 to get her out. We came back next day and the vet and counter guy were very kind. We ask for vet to look at her again to they would not spade her and she agreed. Still paid 150 but our dog is priceless.
5	The animal foundation really deserves alot of praise ...they have blossomed alot these last years ..and the love they have for the animal kingdom is obvious! !!I used to volunteer for them and I really know how much hard work each and every employee does!Last July I finally got to adopt my first cat...and I couldn't be any more blessed with my beloved Pearl in my life ..I have the Animal Foundation to thank for that!  And while I understand the White elephant in the room...please understand that it is NOONE'S fault but OUR OWN for the over population of dogs and cats!!!So If you want to find your new best friend for life ...please do so with the Animal Foundation :)
5	Clean facilities, they appeared to take great care of the dogs, the process was easy and efficient in adopting a dog.  Adopt a pet now~so many dogs need good homes!
4	Animal Foundation is the local Las Vegas public animal shelter.  They also have a shot and spay/neuter clinic that offers low cost services to the public.  As far as shelters go it is pretty nice.  I think a lot of people are afraid to look for an animal at a shelter because they think it is sad or depressing.  It is really not.  They have the dogs in small bungalows so it is not overwhelming when you go in.  They have outdoor play areas where you can let the dog off the leash.  You can also bring your dogs to see how they get along before adopting.  They have cats and exotics in a separate bungalow.  In the "exotics" section they have so many different animals, ferrets, snakes, turtles, mice, chickens, hamsters, gerbils, even fish.  So if you are looking for a small pet they probably have it here.  Shop don't adopt!  Also check out their new off site adoption center at the Petsmart in Henderson (286 W. Lake Mead Parkway). This center is a great choice for people who are nervous about coming into the actual shelter.  I hope they open more of these across the valley.
5	I've adopted 3 kittens from here now. I am always recommending animal foundation to every one I know. You cant get a price like this anywhere else which includes a 14 day vet guarantee and covered costs up to $500. I only dislike how nobody ever answers the phone.
4	We just adopted a dog from Animal Foundation last night, Glory (now Zoey). The volunteers were very helpful and patient with us, and stayed past closing time to let us choose the right dog for us. It makes me so sad how many dogs are here and who need homes - I wish I could take them all. I can't give this place 5 stars because they aren't a no-kill shelter. The volunteer did tell me though that they don't put the animals down unless they have health or behavioral issues. I am not sure if this is true or if he was just saying this to make me feel better! Either way, the facility was clean and the adoption process was easy. We even have a free vet visit from VCA. I would return again, and I suggest you check this place out before going elsewhere and ESPECIALLY before getting a puppy. There are puppies and purebreds of all kinds here who desperately need homes!
1	I really have mixed feelings about this place. I first off would like to give a HUGE thank you to the volunteers who take the time to actually help out here. But sadly I don't think I will come back. You can never get a hold of anyone on the phone, you have to leave a message and hope they get back to you. I had to leave 3 messages to finally get a phone call back. My dog was spayed here and it was not very clean inside. She was very heavily drugged and the icing on the cake was my poor dog caught kennel cough while she was there. The price for her spay was good but I should have taken her to a Vet and paid a little more but without kennel cough, without the cost of an extra vet exam, without the cost of antibiotics and without my dogs pain she had to go through.
1	WHAT A JOKE!!!! I would give no stars if i could..I took my very sick dog here last week to be humanely euthanized. Cried my eyes out all week for having to make that decision for my baby girl. Come to find out she is now at Second Chance Animal Shelter and up for adoption!!! I trusted them to take good care of my girl while she was in the back room being put down..maybe that's why they don't let you stay in the room with your pet during the process,  BECAUSE THEY DON'T DO IT!!!! I'm waiting for this shelter to open so I can go pick my baby back up and I will NOT be paying to do so. DO NOT TRUST THIS PLACE!!!!!!
5	Being the animal lover that I am and not being able to claim ALL of these animals as my own, I decided to look into volunteering opportunities with the Animal Foundation. They take in THOUSANDS of animals each year and it's sad whether big or small, fat, skinny,  just born, a stray, surrendered, all of these animals deserve to be loved. I finished up volunteer orientation (they have various dates and locations to attend), and volunteer training (conveniently on weekends) and as soon as finals are over I am volunteering my hours as soon and as much as I can. They're adorable and are so excited to see and feel human touch. If you are considering a new pet, please stop by the Animal Foundation prior to "picking one off CL" or paying hundreds-thousands of dollars for a forever companion.
3	this place is kinda bittersweet, the facility seems fine for the dogs but customer service is so low, it's frustrating
1	0 stars! They are killers! Took a cat in and he was put down in 24 hours. They said he had a "medical condition" yet didn't even do bloodwork. I had already had numerous tests done on him and had the records faxed to them. I was told that if he wasn't able to be put up for adoption that they would try to place him in an animal rescue. They didn't try to do anything. They just killed him.
4	I recently started fostering for Animal Foundation. I also fell in love with the puppy I fostered and ended up adopting her.The  foster coordinator, adoption counselors, all of the volunteers I have encountered were very nice to me as well as the animals there. I hope to keep fostering, and make a difference one life at a time. When thinking of getting a pet, I would recommend Animal Foundation for their great facility, and wide variety of animals you can choose from.
5	Amazing animals.  I cannot imagine someone going to a pet store when all these pets are available.
4	It's very true, hit up just about any animal shelter anywher you go, and you are bound to fall in love with a pup or kitty in need.  We casually just visited the Animal Foundation to start looking for another dog since our beagle is getting up there in age.  We didn't want our poor pekingnese-poodle to be alone one day.  So we figure we'd start looking for a few years down the road, just so we have an idea of what we may like.  The Animal Foundation is just about FULL of dogs and cats.  From everywhere!  Abandoned, abused, neglected, lost, anything imaginable.  There are of course brand new pups and kittens on a daily basis, but those get snagged up almost instantly since it's basically a newborn.  Your expensive designer dogs often get snatched up quickly as well.  French Bulldog, anyone?  Haven't seen one of those hit the shelter in years.This was like our second trip to the Animal Foundation in a month.  We let the kids look around and see if any of the dogs (sorry no kitty for me) would take to us and let us play with them.  I've always wanted a pug, so I kinda set my eyes on eventually adopting one because buying one was out of the question.  There are just so many dogs in need!This first trip we found a pug mix of some sort and decided to go take a look.  Upon finally meeting the dog, it had very little pug.  Maybe just the nose and face.  The rest?  Have no clue!  A lot of these dogs come in with major mixed breeds, lots of folks trying to create the next 'hot' breed to sell for big bucks.  I'm thinking this dog was a pug with a mix of maybe greyhound.  It really did look funny.  But I played with him anyway, and sadly there was just no connection between the dog and any of us.  He just kinda ran to a corner and peed, and ate grass.  Oh well!Anyway, the week after I had a feeling and just started looking at the Animal Foundation's website for adoptable pets.  I happened to see a brand new, available for adoption pug mix, a real puppy!  Was only 8 weeks old.  I got semi-excited and thought, "Nah, this dog is probably already gone."  It was a Saturday and I told the kids let's take a trip down there to go look anyway.  We got there and inquired about this dog.  Turns out it wasn't even at the Animal Foundation!  It ended up being at one of their remote shelters out of the Petsmart in Henderson!  I really, really wasn't sure if I wanted to drive all the way out there to go take a look at this pug mix.  It was just gonna be a waste of a Saturday if we went there, and the dog didn't like us like the last one.I told the kids we would take a chance and go to Petsmart all the way out yonder in Henderson.  There are no holds on dogs (especially puppies) so we really were putting it on the line driving there and finding out the dog was taken.  It was a Saturday after all!  Drove there as fast as we could, took a shortcut, and got lost on the edge of Las Vegas!  Seriously, we ran out of road!  I thought wow, must be fate we won't be getting this puppy!  Turned back around, took an extra 30 minutes, and got to Petsmart in the early afternoon.Got out of the car and straight to the Animal Foundation adoption center in Petsmart.  Inquired about the puppy and waiting to hear the words, "Sorry, he's been adopted."  Good for the puppy but bad for us.  Instead, we get "Sure, he's in the back, would you like to meet him?"  Hell yes we want to meet him, we drove all this way!  We go to a section in the back that is gated off so folks can interact with any of their adoptable animals.  We sit anxiously until a volunteer brings the pug mix pup to meet us.  We look, he looks, he ponders, he approaches!  He likes us!  And we liked him just as much!  It was so hard, so hard to just ignore him.  This little pup, all of 8 weeks old, cute as a button, and near full-on pug!  He was a pug-chihuahua mix!  All pug in the body (short stubby legs, little belly), pug in the ears and forehead, and chihuahua in the nose!  Such a sight!  I asked the kids, "What do you think, should we adopt?"  They said, "Yes!"  And there you have history.  $200 adoption fee later and a bag of free food, we were walking out of Petsmart with our new pug mix pup.  Turns out his litter might have been abandoned after birth, so we really came at the right time.  Who gets rid of newborn puppies!  Savages!The Animal Foundation was great, very friendly, helpful, and not pushy at all.  The $200 fee covered everything from initial shots, neutering, and microchip as well!  Our puppy is doing great now at around 18 weeks!  We named him 'Glen' in honor of my favorite show, The Walking Dead.  This pup is a fighter!
3	Great place to get shots! They have great prices and everyone knows it! There's always a wait every time I have come so I recommend coming before they open. They even have a vending machine in the waiting area! The first time we came there was an estimated two hour wait. The second time, we came 15 minutes before opening and were second on the list. We were done within 10 minutes of being there! They do not let you go in while your pet is getting shots, but they're pretty speedy with bringing your pets back to you.
1	I went here today with high hopes of finding a cat to adopt. After looking at cats i decided to wonder over to look at the dogs.. No harm in that. Maybe id even take one of them babies home today! Well, i was in there wondering around for about a half hour with no help whatsoever and people walking past me just looking at me like i was an alien. All of the workers were standing around under a tent gossiping and not doing anything the whole 1 1/2 hrs i was looking at dogs. I finally walked up to ask for help to which everyone just stood there and stared at me then SO EXCITINGLY helped me look at a dog. He said but 4 words to me and took off back to the tent to gossip more. Then i walk up to return the dog and once again everyone stares at me and gives me dirty looks for inturrupting the chat session. A bunch of the dogs said 'I need walked' on their cages yet only the volunteers were walking. Everyone that actually worked there was standing around. What a shame. I must say i feel bad for the dogs there. Everyone else ive encountered there was OK but the dog adoption.. Lets just say i was very upset when i left. I wont be going back which is a shame.. The people working there could probably adopt out way more dogs if they were actually friendly and helped out
2	I do not know how to feel about The Animal Foundation. I have adopted great dogs from here, and love going to see the animals. However, earlier this week we sadly had to put our old golden retriever down. It was a very emotional day and we chose to individually cremate her and keep the ashes. Today we got a call saying they mis-tagged her and she was cremated with a group of animals and her ashes were spread mixed with the other animals. I just do not understand how they could be so careless with our pet- the staff of all people should understand that pets are family members. They did fully refund us and they were kind about it, but that does nothing for the fact that we made the decision to keep her ashes, and she was just discarded. It breaks my heart thinking that she was just piled up with other animals and not given a proper goodbye.
5	I adopted Rusty 6 weeks ago and we are the perfect match; he's a terrier mix, mostly Russell, exactly what I was looking for.  He's almost a year old and makes me laugh every day.  Yesterday he discovered pop-up Kleenex.  I left the box within his reach - I'm learning, and I have lots of funny photos of his antics.  It's a mutual admiration society at my house.    The people at the Foundation are wonderful and so helpful, from the adoption center to the medical clinic.  Everyone I met had a smile.  Their website has photos of all the available dogs cats, hamsters and even a dove and it's easy to select a few animals to look at before you get there.  http://www.animalfoundation.com/adopt/adoption-search/  The facilities are nice and the animals are well cared for.  Adoption includes a free vet visit and the doctor I selected has terriers herself so we found the perfect vet.  I recommend this place to everyone 'cause the animals are plentiful and the fees are reasonable.
4	This animal shelter is much farther away from me than the SPCA shelter but it was worth the drive. The staff was much friendlier and more helpful then the other shelters we've been to. The facility is large and kept very clean. The set up is brighter and the animals seem well cared for. As with any shelter you will have some more helpful people and some less, but over all this shelter was much more informative than some others. We adopted Fila, a small white pit bull mix, and she's so great. In less than two days she's potty trained and already much better mannered than my rowdy doberman. This shelter seriously has some gems in there. I will recommend this place to all my friends and family. Thanks for helping us find our little girl!
5	We adopted our mini poodle Oreo here,  she has given us pure love and joy being a member of our family. We enjoyed the over all experience from the staff, the process, and the choices of the dogs.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  The place was clean and looked organized.  The dogs and cats looked taken care of, they had clean kennels.We are going back again to this place to adopt another family before christmas.
3	Now that I know that they kill 61% if the animals who come here, I am even more thankful that I found my dog and saved her from the needle. I give them 3 stars only because I don't want to deter others from adopting...the animals here need it the most, as they have the least chance at life. That being said, their policy of euthanizing older dogs and any dog with a minor health problem is wrong and disturbing.
5	I live the animal foundation, the website is user friendly with hourly updates. I have adopted 2 dogs so far in the past 6 years tonight I will be on my third dog. I will only give my money to the animal fondation and not c.l.!
5	Adopted a dog a little over a week ago and couldn't have had a better experience. I had hoped to find a dog here as I know the ones that don't find a forever family won't make it out alive. It's unfortunate that the shelter gets a bad reputation for being a kill shelter. It is not their fault that there are so many irresponsible owners and backyard breeders here in Vegas. We adopted the most amazing little dog! The staff was friendly and knowledgable. They explained all paperwork and known history of the dog as best they could. The cost to adopt probably hardly covers the costs of boarding these animals...food, shots, spay/neuter, etc. you also get a free wellness exam from a local VCA animal hospital if you schedule the appointment within five days of adopting. I hope people choose adoption...save a life!!
5	I take my dogs here to get their shots! It's close to home and the prices are great! I also brought one of pets to get spayed and they did amazing job and didn't take long either! They were also very quick at taking care of business! I always recommend this place to friends that need to get their pets vaccinated, the staff is also very friendly which is a definite plus! I've never adopted here but I think their prices are reasonable!
4	Ok so first let me say I hate everything the animal foundation is doing with raffling off the arson dogs. That shit is terrible.BUT that aside, I am very impressed with this shelter. By far the cleanest shelter I have ever been to. I came to pretend I was adopting a dog just so I could let some out to play. They have little play pen areas which is awesome! Gives you a chance to play and get a feel for the dog. Also, the staff was VERY helpful! I also love the fact that they have so many volunteers. Every one of the dogs here gets to go for a walk every single day. That is awesome.. I also think that $105 for an adoption fee is extremely reasonable considering it includes all spay and neuter costs, shots, and a microchip. I would recommend this shelter. ADOPT, DONT SHOP!
5	There was the frantic call from my son in the middle of the night...."Mom, Starr is gone!"  Feeling helpless, I did what I could from LA while my son and his friends tirelessly combed the neighborhoods, made flyers and enlisted the help of every social networking site out there including Reddit to find our beloved wandering doggy senior citizen.  She is almost 17 years old and we were well aware that she has had dwindling vision and hearing, putting her more at risk of an unfortunate ending to this story.  Happily, we discovered our little scamp had managed to roam 8 miles from home in a relatively short period of time, was picked up by the Las Vegas Animal Control and taken to Lied Shelter. My son zipped down to pick her up and was greeted by a very grateful staff.  They were very kind and helpful to him and said that they had a very busy morning with many more animals than usual needing a temporary home at the shelter. They also said that they were very glad Zachary B. came down to pick her up because, they confided, many elderly dogs are just let go by their owners so that the owners don't have to put them down themselves, horrifying as this may sound.  Zachary B. paid a mere $45 to spring her from the slammer after her microchip identified him as the owner (I had called at 1 am to update all of that information with a very responsive, helpful and kind Home Again staffer). She looked unphased by all of it and the staff at Lied proclaimed her to be a very sweet dog.  We all knew that, but it was nice of them to notice!  Having her microchipped allowed Zach to pick her up that day instead of waiting.  Also, I bought a package from Home Again for $17.  They notified by mass email all vets, pet stores and others within a 25 mile radius of where she was last seen.  Zach and friends called several vets offices before she was located and they all said that they knew about this dog. I Very  Highly recommend Home Again!! A really nice touch:  I had left a voicemail at 12:30 am at the shelter.  They returned my call at 1 pm.  Very impressive!  The shelter has a website that posts photos of animals who are there with a very user friendly filter so that you can search for your pet.  The only thing is that the shelter is so inundated with animals - 50 TO 60 PER DAY GENERALLY. EVEN WEEKENDS - that they cannot complete the intake of the animal for about 24 hours post arrival.  The best thing to do on the first day that your pet is missing is to go to the shelter to see if your baby is waiting there for you.  All's well that ends well. Boy and his dog are blissfully reunited.
1	DO NOT trust this place!  My dear friend of over 30 years and her fiance' have this to say about their experience with the Animal Foundation in Las Vegas, and I decided to try and help spread the word....http://lasvegas.craigslist.org/laf/4456295710.html...the sad story is all right there.  Again, DO NOT trust this place!!!
1	TERRIBLE!!! This place KILLS poor, innocent dogs that deserve life and happiness. My family brought a stray dog to this shelter thinking they would find it a home or return the dog to its rightful owner promising they would not kill it. Instead they gave it a behavioral test and the dog "failed" so they killed it. WHAT KIND OF SHIT IS THAT????? Maybe the dog failed because it was in a new environment and was scared!!! Dogs can't speak, they just want your love and attention. BASTARDS!!!! DONT BRING A DOG HERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO KILL IT. NO STARS IF I COULD. TERRIBLE PLACE. SHOULD BE SHUT DOWN.
1	We went to rescue a baby kitten and was turned down because I didn't want them contacting a landlord due to fees . I think it's sad they turned it down and when my bf said he would keep it at his house they still said no because they didn't want the kitten at my house . SO we had to find a kitten another way. Sad they say to rescue fur babies but we couldn't our kids were sad leaving this place instead of happy .
5	We adopted the absolute best dog from Animal Foundation!  They have a ton of dogs and cats so if you are looking for something specific, you are bound to find it.  The volunteers were very nice and the process was smooth.  I also liked that you could look at every single animal and really get a feel for them.  They let you walk with them and take them out to find a good match.  We get so many comments on our dog when we take him out and it feels good to tell people he's a rescue dog.  They seem to really care for the animals and our dog is doing so great!
5	Clean shelter. Affordable vaccinations. Friendly staff. Quick service. And I love volunteering and walking dogs when I have a chance. One of the best shelters in the world. I would recommend to anyone who wants to adopt new pets, vaccinate, and spay or neuter current pets. You can even get a tour of the place. Really cool and caring staff. Thanks for everything Animal Foundation.
5	We adopted our new best friend Bear at the Animal Foundation. We had been keeping an eye out for a little while through the website and we were determined to get a rescue dog. I really liked how clean the shelter was and how relatively simple the process was to meet the dogs. There are a bunch of air conditioned kennels for you to walk through and meet the animals. There is an overwhelming amount of dogs there, you're bound to meet someone you'll want to adopt. We spoke to one of the volunteers there and they allowed us to walk around with Bear  and spend some time with him to see how we got along. They took care of microchipping, vaccinating and neuturing, all there. We brought him home and could not be happier. He's a great little guy and we're so happy to be able to give him a nice home. Thanks Animal Foundation!
5	We lost one of our family dogs during a move. He was 15, partially blind, mostly deaf, and completely unfamiliar with the new environment. So we panicked when he slipped out of the yard in search of my parents (his owners) when they were just inside the house unpacking. After spending 5 days by 4 families on different shifts, handing out fliers and posting them up, visiting the animal foundation everyday, and checking all the social media online that we could think of, he was finally picked up by animal control, thank god! It had been a blistering 110F outside for all 5 days he's been missing. Every time I lied down in bed I would cry thinking about how he's out there scared, tired and hungry, and I'm here sleeping soundly in bed. So naturally, I did nothing but look for him whenever I had the time. Animal foundation does an excellent job posting missing dog's pictures online. It doesn't make up for visiting the place to look for your pet in person, because sometimes it's not updated for a whole day or two, but our dog's pic got up on there about 10 hours after he was picked up. When I was there, a few things happened. I found our family pet. A few people turned in lost pets. A few people surrendered their own pets. 2 families came in looking for their lost pet. Lastly, one person came in crying because he had to put his dog down. I don't know if I could ever work in that place. I was only there for an hour and so much happened. I read some concerns by people that they shouldn't trust this place and I understand. I spent every day looking in their DOA books (dead on arrival and mercy killing) expecting the worse because my dog is blind and deaf so it wouldn't be surprising if he was hit by a car. And while I was there one day, a lady came in happily saying she saw her cat's picture put up on the site a day ago and she's sure it's her cat, but she couldn't find her when she went into the back to look for her. So one of the staff there looked in their computer and told her that her cat was actually euthanized because she got too sick. When asked how long ago was she brought in, they said 11 days ago... Needless to say, she left crying. With that said, I am still thankful to animal foundation. There are things that happened there that was regrettable, but understandable. They receive 50, maybe 100 lost pets a day. Some get injured and sick. You can't always expect things to go perfectly. But they still saved hundreds and reunited them with their families. That's the most they can do. Forever grateful to animal foundation and animal control.
5	They do the best they can. Some people just dont understand how overwhelmed with animals they are on a daily basis. Instead of writing bad reviews do something to help. Stop breeders and pet stores....spread the word.....SPAY AND NEUTER!!!  I just adopted a kitten and could not be happier with what I experienced and saw.
5	I understand this is a kill shelter but there is only so much they can do. I am a foster for the shelter and have also adopted a cat from them. Angela and Jennifer have been very sweet from the start. I will definitely keep fostering for them and if able to once again, i will adopt.
3	I'm not quite sure how we feel! We showed up at 6pm walked through about 4 dog houses and finally found a dog we wanted to meet ( it was about 645) they wouldn't pull a dog out for us because they close at 7 and they need at least 20-30 minutes for my dog and the one we were interested in to meet! She tells me oh come back tomorrow, well my husband works till 5 and she said bring someone 18 and over to help with holding one of the dogs. Don't you think that if your so desperate to get these dogs adopted you could of pulled this dog out for us? Just seemed like they were more concerned with getting out of there at 7 then helping a family ready to adopt. Some people can't make it during the day (just saying)
5	Adopted a grey cat named Salem. He is almost a year old and we picked him up from his cage and knew he was the one. They took him back to get his shots and etc and we did some paper work. came back in about 20 min and he was ready to go. Salem has a new home and we are very happy to be his new parents.
1	I am so angry that this place euthanize so many dogs. I adopted a cocker last week and she was sick from the time I brought her home (bloody diarrhea and vomiting). Brought her to their recommended vets and they gave me probiotics. She got worse so I brought her to the shelter to see if it was complications from surgery they did. They immediately freaked out thinking it was parvo. I was freaking cause I have 2 other dogs. She is still at the shelter. They insisted she be a return when I said I did not want to return her and now they're trying to prevent me from getting her back. Anyone who treats animals like they do needs to be shut down.
5	If you want to foster...foster HERE!! If you want to adopt..ADOPT HERE! We have adopted 2 dogs from here...both healthy and awesome!! I have fostered a lot of dogs for AF and it has been a WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE.I highly recommend it!!! I would tell others...if you want to foster and give back to the community....THIS IS THE PLACE TO DO IT!! I Love fostering here...they really care about their animals...they give you every thing you need, all medical...everything....and they fit the foster to you!! Totally GREAT! Go HERE BEFORE ANYWHERE!!! If you want to know my personal experiences with AF and Rescue groups...send me a message!!
3	I have to say, my two visits to the Animal Foundation were good, but heartbreaking.The good:The staff are very helpful, friendly, and informative when you are there on site.  They have good organization and ways of finding animals that you see on the website.They have promotions and discounts on adoption fees, too.For the most part, the kennels seemed pretty clean, as well.The bad:They don't always answer their phones, and when they do return calls, they tend to not answer all of your questions if they have to leave a voice mail.  Or they just don't call back at all. This is NOT a no kill shelter, and this REALLY breaks my heart.Sadly for me, the dog I was looking at turned out to not be a good fit for our family, so that was the personal heartbreaking part for me, but that's not the shelter's fault.There are plenty of dogs (and cats) to choose from, so if you are looking for a new family member, come down.  The staff will help you find a perfect fit.
4	I just know if we come here, I can't leave without taking home an adorable doggie.We've adopted from here twice. We adopted Doobie (a dachshund and Jack Russell mix) 3 years ago and we just adopted Toby (a Jack russel) a month ago during the $15 adoptions. Both times we had great experiences. They make it an easy and painless process. It feels good to know you are giving an abandoned animal a warm and loving home. Of course sometimes the adjust can be difficult, but it is always worth it the end. My only complaint would be that during the $15 adoption weekend, while waiting to check out (which the line was a good hour) we had to wait in the tent adjoing the cats and the smell was horrific. It gave u both headaches and my mom, who was adopting toby's sister, wasn't able to wait in there due to being seriously allergic to cats. I think we've reached our max on animals, but if we do decide on another we will adopt again.
