5	Had my first Hydra Facial today.....what an amazing experience. My skin is hydrated and smooth. No redness, blotching or down time trying to hide my face from the world. There is an awesome price package also, many of the other spas charge up to $300 each visit. Highly recommended.
5	Visited this place for the second time on Wednesday.  The first time I visited I had a microdermabrasion treatment with Joanie.  She was very professional and knowledgeable in skin care.  I left there feeling great and knew my skin had been well taken care of and looked great too.  I visited a second time after seeing that she was offering another skin procedure using hydration.  Booked my appointment, just like the last time she was prompt and friendly.  Again, I asked a lot of questions about the procedure and she answered all my questions and let me know each step that she was doing and the benefit it would have to my skin.  I have to admit, the hydra facial was amazing and I think one of the best facial methods out there today.  My skin felt refreshed and looked very moist all day long.  The exfoliation was noticeable right away.  I think anyone will find Joanie to be very knowledge in her profession and love the feel and appearance of their skin after any of her services.  I plan on keeping her as my esthetician.
5	Came for a Bacial and it was amazing!!! Joanie made sure I was comfortable the entire time and each product she applied felt so good! She was prompt, gentle, and answered all my questions. Extractions def aren't my favorite but she was thorough and now my back feels super clean lol. Can't neglect your back especially since summers coming up ;) Highly recommend!
5	The facials are amazing and relaxing. The Esthetician is very nice and pays attention to your skin and its needs. Just finished a facial and microdermabrasion and my skin feels moisturized and refreshed. Will go back soon!
5	I had my first facial today with Joanie. I purchased my 75 minute custom facial package on Amazon local for a great price! I did my research on Joanie's services because I have sensitive skin & had bad experiences in the past but was determined to find a local aesthetician & establish a routine! Joanie was prompt & extremely professional! Her space is clean & organized very inviting & quiet! I was relieved not to hear all the hustle of the outside activities. Joanie explained every step she was performing and the products she was using on my face & it's purpose. She was also generous with the microdermabrasion wand getting every inch of my face & neck. Joanie is a seasoned aesthetician & also knows Vegas! She's lived in Vegas for years & knows what's best for your skin in this desert climate! Joanie endorses the hydra facial products & I have my first hydra facial next month! Before my appointment today my skin was clogged & I was long overdue for a facial! I'm pleased to say my skin is now is dewy, glowing & feels hydrated! I went to run errands afterwards & got lots of compliments on my skin! I highly recommend Joanie's services!
1	Rude customer service rep who called me back. Hung up on me because I couldn't hear her good (can't help that I'm hard of hearing and that she had a strong accent). She even said "oh my god" angrily at one point. Yes, I heard that! I will never come to your salon and I'm contacting Amazon Local to get my money back. Shame on you for mistreating people.
