5	I wanted to go to this place a few times before i wrote a review because i think consistency is important in a restaurant and i can say with 100% certainty that this place is AMAZING...i have tried a good majority of the menu by now and i have yet to find ANYTHING that i didn't enjoy.  Some of my favorites are:  The Crab Father, The Capturing Chicken Salad, The Pandora Pasta Bowl, The Bonfire Salmon...and a few others...Besides the amazing food-the atmosphere is great!  they have something for every mood-outdoor patio right on the street corner which is great for people watching, an elegant dining room, posh VIP lounge w bottle service, "the hallway" for wine sippers and the always fun energy bar with some of the best Martini's in town...My Personal Fav's are the Seven inch Heels, the Primavera and the Flashback.I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who enjoys wonderful food and great atmosphere.
2	The food was surprisingly good here.I say surprising because of the ambiance/atmosphere/service we encountered.  Ever go to a place and just feel uncomfortable?First, there were 6 to 8 employees huddled in and around the small bar area.  Because there were few customers, they spent their time loudly discussing what they did the night before, what they were planning for that night, that one time in Vegas when they got into a VIP room, etc.   Folks walking by on the street are not going to come into your empy bar if the staff is all huddled in a circle talking.  Sorry.It was almost comic watching one of the waiters sit at the bar and send text messages while the two hostesses took turns bringing him orders from his tables, debit cards from his tables, telling him he had new tables, etc..  Everytime he got up there was a look of annoyance on his face like his 6 customers were taking up too much of his time.  And why is the staff allowed to sit at the bar on shift???  Is it a break room or a bar?I'm pretty sure the other group of people at the bar were friends of the bartenders and waitstaff.  They got a lot of attention, the staff even sat down next to them to talk.  If you want to focus your business on the bartenders' friends, and not the "outsiders" at your bar, you are going to have a tough time making your mortgage payments.  I'm guessing 3 months until there is some more available retail space in SoSco.I give two stars because as I said, the food was surprisingly good, and one of the six barstaffers was a friendly guy.  Maybe he was the only one with restaurant experience, because he was doing ALL the work. Good luck Urban 7, I won't be back.
1	I would have to agree 100% with previous rvw from Brian: I don't see this lasting into the summer.  For some reason, yesterday there was another rvw with a 1star, which is now missing????anyhow, We also saw many of the staff standing around together and chatting.  We found the whole vibe to emit very strange & weird "somethings-just-not-right" kinda thing,  and just overall we too were uncomfortable - no Zen aspect whatsoever.  It didn't help matters at all that our bartender did not have on his hospitality hat.  I found him condescending & arrogant, not friendly and frankly fairly rude.  There is an extensive martini list, which, with all the advertising I had heard & read about, seemed to have been a draw for me to check it out.  They all use different ingredients & tend to lean towards sweet (grenadine, curacao, ect.  BLECK).  OK, so that is just my opinion, I know (I like em crisp n clean).  So I was interested  in the new vodka names which were unfamiliar to me.  1 drink had lychee in it, so I inquired, "was that a lychee infused vodka?"   (many of their martinis do not indicate the base: vodka, tequila, gin??).  The reply was a taunt "Lychee is a Chinese fruit".  "Um, ok, yes I know what it is, I eat them all the time, they have a red shell and white inside.  My question was, is that the vodka?"  Another terse reply, "well, I infuse it myself, it's a spirit.".  OK, this is not going well.  So I ask about another concoction, I think it was made with Primavera Vanilla? (Or  brand which began with "P")  So I asked "was that a vodka?"  Once again he basically avoided answering by saying something irritating like, well there's 4 different flavors, or you can get it plain.  I'm like ? ! ? ! ? ! ?   I was nowhere nearer to being educated on their very confusing ingredients.  I thought the way to get around it was to ask for vodka straight up.  I saw they had Effen Black Cherry (totally awesome infused vodka, btw).  That's pretty simple, correct me if im wrong?  But he stands there, with an idiot face, and i felt the vibe of he wanted to argue with me and couldn't believe he has to lower himself to do this task?Now, again, I'll point out, this was a very simple task: grab the vodka bottle, pour it into a shaker with lots of ice, shake it, pour it, serve it.  This couldn't possibly go wrong, right?  Guess what?  It arrives and I sip it - well for some unknown reason he took it upon himself to add water, yes, water it down!  Nice!!  This is really irritating me, because not only was mine watered down, (who does that?!) so was hubby's  tini with way too much soda.  Yes the description indicated a splash of soda, but I would guess it was 50% of the 4oz pour - unacceptable.I should also point out that I too saw the bartender & servers chat incessantly with, what appeared to be the manager - but this "employee", of some sort, was initially drinking beer at the bar, but would get up and go behind the bar to help himself to items.  WTH?  Either you are working or you are not.  Pick which one and stick to it.  He made no secret that he was associated with the establishment, as he engaged another table in discussion as to the up-coming specials and  hours and menu changes.In closing, I have to say this is in a great location, and I was really looking forward to visiting - I had such high hopes!  The hype they put out there on emails, twitter, texts, ect. made them sound fabby. It's unfortunate that such little details all gathered up to me as a complete strike-out & not a fun night out.  Thank goodness for dependable ROKA AKOR, which we promptly parked ourselves at, and as usual we were treated with the upmost high standards, excellent drinks, fantastic service, and amazing food.  They have happy hour all night there, if you don't already know!  Rawk on!
4	Martinis, martinis, martinis.Sure, they take awhile to get to the table, but that's because they are masterfully crafted behind the bar. Without the three m's (muddling, measuring and mixing), the lip licking liquid bevis that made their way from the bottle to our mouths wouldn't have had us all playing musical martinis. So many fresh flavors and chilled deliciousness.Love the pictures on the wall..very poetic and romantic.The food was wonderful, but the martinis were the highlight of the evening. Slurp!
1	A group of us went here last night, let me say I was less than impressed. It took forever to get drinks first of all. While I realize that martinis do take longer, the majority of the people at our table just had standard mixed drinks of beer. After we ordered our meals, it took probably about an hour for our food to come out, and mind you the place was about 50% full if I'm being generous.  The thing that made it even more irritating was the open kitchen, where we saw our plates of food sitting out on the counter for a minimum of fifteen minutes before being brought out. I assume it's because they wanted all of our meals in a party of 9 to come out at once. Well, by the time my husbands plate actually made it to our table everything was completely cold, he ended up sending it back actually. I ordered the bruschetta--great concept but not executed well at all, the bread was completely soft and turned into mush. The toppings were okay, certainly didn't wow me. Another friend ordered the same dish, which by the way isn't cooked yet she was the absolute last one at our table to receive her food, a good twenty minutes after everyone else. Anyways like some other people had mentioned, the vibe is just a bit 'off' and we couldn't' put our finger on it. My friend said it was like everyone was "playing restaurant" --didn't really know how to handle the various parties and certainly didn't care to be efficient or accommodating by any means. It seemed like people were just sitting around doing nothing... and by the way, if you're going to be that inefficient as a kitchen maybe you don't make it a demonstration kitchen so people can't see all of their meals sitting up on a counter for 15 minutes!  It just didn't seem like anyone working there really cared or were on the same page. We saw a lot of exchanges and looks going back and forth between the waitstaff and the kitchen.  I don't see this place staying alive through the summer either.
2	Attended SpaFitFinder.com's launch/AZ's Finest Honoree benefitting the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation tonight.  The event itself seemed successful (the bar was packed, the service was s-l-o-w, but understandable); however, no one from SpaFitFinder came around to introduce himself/herself and to elaborate on the site's services.  Indeed, the server who handled V's and my drinks all night (a $10 per person netted donatee drink coupons for a mojito- d'lish!- and a beer/wine, and a sweet goody bag*) wore a SpaFitFinder shirt, but did not offer up any info on its services, neither.  While I wouldn't ever go back to the bar (TOO NOISY- I NEVER like to SHOUT at the person sitting next to me to be heard), or order the $11 turkey club again [this was a basic deli sandwich made w/ turkey, cranberry chutney mayo, smoked bacon (mmm... bacon!), avocado slices, and alfalfa sprouts on toasted Hawaiian bread, but it's nothing to write home about); had V and I gone to FEZ w/ the $11, we would've been in heaven munching on a delicious burger and some perfect sweet potato fries!), but I may give Urban 7 Martini Kitchen a second chance to redeem itself on the food a foodie coworker of mine RAVED about.  I can say the martinis I had were good.  Loved the mojito and the Inhibition -something (vodka, peach schnapps, and cranberry juice, minus the cranberry juice, and instead, club soda and sour).  Didn't care for the house pinot grigio.  I will say that the jalapeno and olive tapenade bruschetta and the grilled marinated skirt steak skewer were tasty... (FYI, the noise level was a lot lower at the resto, but the band, while they played pleasing music, did get loud at the end.  Also, the service was quicker.  Appreciated the fact that our server was honest in telling me that he hadn't tried the dessert I'd asked him about.  Other less-conscientious servers would've gushed about how it was their fave item off the menu to make the sale.  Kudos to Anthony!)*Among the goody bag offerings were an 8 oz. Philosophy foaming bath and shower cream (easily $8 retail), trial-size facial products, a wine stopper/pourer, a 20% off food/drink at Urban 7, and a $20 off coupon for Yelper John H.'s massage services!  Nice :)
2	Attended the @SpaFitFinder launch party, with @spacephx.I can't say much about the place, other than, even taking into consideration the number of people present, it felt cramped.The TrimTini (?) I had was really delicious; vodkatini with lemon zest.A very nice gentleman, who works at Urban 7, was very gracious in making sure to stop by every time he brought out a new platter of hors d'oeuvres. Everything he brought was delicious, including the ceviche, which I'm not particularly fond of.Urban 7 isn't the type of place I'm attracted to, so it's not likely I will return any time soon.But it was a nice event, and I enjoyed myself.
3	I love the venue! Large spacious walking and the windows make it feel like it's some beach resort - minus the beach :(  Okay, Happy Hour really - more like Sad Hour!  I really really want this place succeed, but I'm not sure how or who is drumming up business here selling it.  Oh I know someone that can do that for me them and he lives right down the the street :-D  Aside from the Sad Hour being dead, the drink specials really has to wow me...I was not wowed needless to say.  Appetizers were decent, I must say I love their skirt steak skewers.  Guess if you need a quiet place to chat and drinks this is the place.  I know Friday nights they have Flamenco dancing show with my friend and that would probably would be the only reason why I would return.
2	Urban 7 I really want to like you but I cant. Went there for a mid week happy hour. The crowd was non-existent the service was good but awkward. May give it one more shot to redeem but for now 2 stars.
5	What an amazing hidden gem in old town!  A girl friend and I decided to try this place out  on Saturday night before hitting the bars.  We were on the later side (maybe 9:30ish), but I was very surprised how dead this place was.  Especially after we loved it!  Very cool, very chick atmosphere, classy decor, I loved the pictures on the walls.  Great prices on good wine (I think our bottle was $30). The most amazing Prawn and Artichoke Orzo pasta ever.  Seriously.  Yummy.  And the most adorable, most attentive service ever.  We love you Urban Seven, we'll be back!
2	If I were a gambling man, I'd say no way this place stays in business.We were there with a large group on a Wednesday night.  We were literally the ONLY ones eating in the restaurant.  Never a good sign.  That's like the one night  my goldfish was swimming sideways and I knew in the morning he would be dead.  That's how I felt about Urban Seven's lack of patrons.There were 14-15 of us.  The server never took my order.   (Honestly, I didn't notice until everyone else had their food.  Hard to blame him for this in a large, boisterous group but no way this happens in a better establishment)  They did take an order from me and comp my meal -- a nice gesture.One of our friends got their credit cards charged twice.  I mention this because another Yelper has said the same thing.  Either something shady is going on or their staff doesn't know how to use the credit machine.I compare what I had to above average wedding food.  Nothing memorable but certainly nothing offensive.  Just food.Two stars for half-priced bottles of wine on a Wednesday.
1	So we were atr this place last night for a friends birthday party, Here is the deal food was good at a reasonable price but too bad I didnt get to have my own food seeing as like other reviewers have said the service sucked. We were a party of 20 there was another table of 4 and one of 2 and like 4 to 5 servers on our side that you could never get anyones attention. So we all ordered food came out well everyone but mine, so i ask waiter number one he tells me to ask waiter number two. Who when i ask him he disappears and doesnt come back. Waiter number one comes back only for me to tell him again my food wasnt out at this point my friends are all half done he goes comes back and tells me my order was never entered they didnt even know what i wanted. My friends had leftovers we were like forget it they brought a pizza out anyways for me and told me it was taken off the bill. We had to constantly ask for drinks to be refilled, OH and dont forget the fact that we were told the tab cant be split and we can only use one credit card so feel free to walk out to the ATM and get cash WTF!!!!! We specifically went for the live band that was going to start at 9 and didnt get on til 11. We had fun because our group will make the best of anything but this place was disappointing because when we walked in we were so impressed by the look and it all went down hill from there. NO i wont be returning.
4	Great place for happy hour.  They were very accomodating for our group of six (pushed tables together, etc.).  Very attentive service, amazing drinks (carmello martini is to die for), and great food.
1	I was in town visiting my daughter and she suggested we have a drink after dinner, we ended up at Urban Seven. The place was empty at 8:30 on a Tuesday and we sat at the bar, I ordered a Makers on the rocks and we were quickly served, when I tasted my drink I realized he had poured me a Jack Daniels, I enjoy Jack so I drank it and ordered another but this time I watched what he poured and to my disgust he poured a well whiskey, I guess he assumed that I was as stupid as he was. I tasted the drink and politely asked it  the manager was in, he brought the manager over and after explaining what had happened he told me that they don't even carry Makers Mark, the bartender explained that he poured Jack and was only going to charge me for a Jack, but he could not explain why he poured well whiskey, he was immediately mad at me, apparently for not being as stupid as him. My drinks were comped but I look at this as a betrayal of trust. Hopefully all of you out there will not go to this business and they will close and hopefully an honest business will take their place.
3	Went here on a Friday night, because it was walking distance to the Comedy Spot.   Very uncomfortable to walk in! Friday night at 7:00 and there was 1 couple sitting on the restaurant side.  We had a group of 6. Server didn't take long, but lacked personality.  Thought he would have spent a little more time with us (because he wasn't doing anything else...) but he was short and to the point.   Went with his martini recommendation, and it was ok.  Little sweet for me, but it was as advertised.   Food came out, fair amount of time and everything was correct.    Nothing blew me away, but was fair.   Overall, average service, average food, average price.
4	Martinis are well worth the $9!
2	Went to Urban 7 with my sister at 7:00 on a Friday night.  The place was dead.  There were only 2-3 other tables, yet our service was still very bad.  The waiter was 18 years old at best, and I think this was his first server job.  He was the only waiter in the entire place.  Nice kid...but it was just really awkward service.  I don't blame him, but you would think a place with the high end decor would have experienced servers.  He should have been working at Coco's or Village Inn.  The food is overpriced and mediocre at best.  Everything about this place is weird.  If I didn't have the $25 resturant.com gift card (that I paid $2 for), I would have felt really cheated and ripped off.  The food came out relatively fast, but we had to wait quite a while to place our order.  Oh, they brought out our appetizer with our entrees...no explanation...just acted like that was normal.  Honestly, I would be shocked if this place makes it another 6 months.  It has a very strange vibe.
4	Very good restaurant that I'd definitely go back to.Food - I had the Mambo Cubano with sweet potato fries.  both were very tasty.  I was originally going to try one of the flatbreads, but the oven wasn't working.  My friend had the same thing and we didn't get appetizers or desserts, so I can't comment in detail about any of their menu offerings.Service - we were there at 7 PM on a Saturday and the place was empty.  I think our server was the host... she was a little lost but she made every effort so any imperfections in the service are forgivable.  I see in other reviews experiences with poor service... it may be a timing issue.  Other servers checked in on us as well and were very friendly.Atmosphere - I liked the decor and ambiance, but was really surprised to see it so empty at 7 on a Friday.  it was filling in as we were leaving.  I liked that the bar and restaurant are separated by a hallway - it gave us the ability to enjoy a quiet dinner separate from the bar.Prices were cheap to me, but that's from the perspective of a San Franciscan who is used to restaurants being outrageously priced.I would definitely come back here again with a group for burgers, flatbreads, etc.
2	It was during a very slow time during lunch and service was painfully slow. When my food arrived it was overcooked. Don't waste your time here.
5	Friendly service, excellent food, inviting atmosphere, what more could you want! Patio is exceptional this time of year, one of the best in old town.
5	Come on Yelpers, go easy on Urban 7!  Sure, it's not always crowded but that's because there's plenty of room to spread out.  It's in a great location and it has laid back yet chic ambiance.  It's split into 4 areas:  There's a patio with seating in the front, the main dining area on the left, on the right is the main bar and at the rear is a smaller bar with it's own lounge.  The patio is fun since there is plenty of people watching to do and it's spacious.  The rear lounge is a great place to host a party, I've attended several there in the past.   Martini's are their specialty in terms of drinks, and the word Martini in the restaurant name does lend premise to that argument.  That and they serve expertly made Martini's.  My wife and I ate here last week, I had a dry Martini.  She couldn't drink so the bartender whipped up some muddled concoction that she loved.They recently revamped the menu to make it more Latin centric with Cuban leanings.  Ropa Vieja is a classic and the Mar y Tierra delivers a one two punch of grilled ribeye and shrimp tempura.  It also comes with fried plantains which I thought was the perfect Cuban touch.It deserves a shot, and maybe even a second one, to check out the cuban cuisine, the patio scene, and a well made Martini.
2	Horrible happy hour martinis - unless you like pure sugar syrup. Food is not much better. Would not recommend it.
1	I hate giving places such low reviews, but this place deserves it.  I went here on a Friday night around 7 and my party was the only table in the restaurant.  To be fair, there were several people in the bar area, but still, this is also a restaurant.Anyway, I had high hopes for this place.  When you walk in the decor is very nice, and has an inviting, contemporary feel.  The wait staff is also very friendly and almost immediately brought out some of their plantains and dipping sauce.  This was a great start, but that basically ended when I bit into the plantain.  They were pretty much flavorless and really lacked the correct consistency.  We then started with a couple of martinis.  This was something that they are known for.  They were decent, but I think it is really hit or miss with their drinks.  I have had way better, for way cheaper.  I ordered the Threesome, which was not very good. I wouldn't recommend this drink, even though it is highly recommended by the bartenders and waitstaff.  I tasted 2 others, both of which were not outstanding at $9.  For that price, I expect better quality.Moving on to the main dish.  To be fair, I didn't order the latin flavored cuisine, but I really wasn't feeling it after tasting the plantains.  I ordered a the green chili burger.  Where to start with this one.  I ordered it medium-well, and the burger basically came out burnt.  On top of that, I tasted no green chilis, and the bun was basically a something I could go down to the super market to get.  Maybe the latin food is better, but I will let other people find that out.Also, they messed up my friend's order, however, we were so hungry we didn't want to send it back or mention it.The fries were very good.  I really enjoyed the sweet potato fries and that is the only thing I enjoyed while eating here.  I wouldn't recommend eating at this restaurant.  There is much better in Scottsdale. They do have a decent happy hour though, which may be the only reason I would ever return.
4	I have been to this place a few times to go dancing on Saturday nights. It is not very big and never very busy but I always have a good time and good service.I have only been in the bar section and back patio.
2	Urban Seven was a let down after looking forward to giving it a try for weeks. The first clue was when we told the host (who was also our bartender and server) that we had a reservation. He handed us menus and told us to sit wherever we wanted. With only one other table occupied, we had the pick of the restaurant to sit. Did I mention this was at 7:30 on a Saturday night? Bad sign so far!Like the other reviews, food was decent, but not great. My dish was both overcooked (chicken) and undercooked (veges). One person out of three in our party enjoyed their food completely.  Service was terrible for being so slow, but I guess if there is one person to do everything, that's to be expected. Overall, I was very disappointed and won't go back!
3	Not sure why this listing says closed as I was just there for cocktails on Friday for happy hour.  Great happy hour prices, cool place, good service - but it was frustrating that they say they open at 4pm, but they aren't really ready for customers at that time.
3	Typical Scottsdale Service.Let's just leave it at that service wise.  Anyone who has ever been to a Scottsdale bar/restaurant knows what I'm talking about.  Too many employees distracting each other to pay attention to the 2 people in their restaurant.  The service was withdrawn and mediocre.The food was delicious.  It's been a while so I can not really remember what I ordered, but I do know it contained some kind of seafood and beef, a surf and turf or something.  We went on a Living Social deal so we had $50 to play with and we had no problem spending it.  My girlfriend had a rice and chicken dish which was delicious.  Totally stole some from her.The food was excellent, and only overshadowed by the martinis and other adult beverages.  I had the mojito.... So good.  Girlfriend had a chocolate martini and another fruity martini which I have to admit were really good.It's a shame to see them so empty as I think it would be a lot more fun to dine at with other patrons.
3	This restaurant is owned by the same people that own Frank and Lupe's, which happens to be one of my fave spots for Mexican fare.  The enterprising couple's goal was to create a modern concept of a supper lounge.  A place where people could dine, gather at the bar, or have private parties in the lounge...without getting in each other's way.  I do have to say that the space is beautiful, remnants of the former "BadaBoom" still exist such as the ceiling mural of Adam (Sistine chapel) located on the outside patio.  But something is sorely missing.  Call it vibe or personality, it is hard to say.  Being here at 9:00p on a Friday night, and seeing only a half dozen patrons in this large and welcoming space is very daunting.But we were curious to try some latin fusion cuisine.I was happy to find diverse cocktail offerings on the menu, such as Mango or Strawberry Mojitos (made with muddled fruit.), Agave margaritas, as well as about a dozen martinis such as the Chocolate Martini.  For a martini bar, I expected more of a selection, though.  However, for a Scottsdale bar the price was right at only $8.  (During happy hour the price goes down to $5)Instead of chips and salsa, our table received a plate of fried plantains, served with a delicious remoulade for dipping.  We munched on these happily as we decided on a dish.We started with an order of the Urban Wings, honey bbq.  All of us at the table loved them.  The bleu cheese dressing came with soft crumbles of bleu cheese, the order of wings was generous, and the taste was flavorful.Another starter that we sampled was the Mac and Queso, made in the "traditional" way with hatch chilis and chorizo.  The portion was so large that it could easily have made an entree.  The texture was great, the cheese creamy and flavorful - but too spicy for my sensitive tastebuds.  Not overwhelming, but definitely A-Ok for its $9 price.For the main course we had the Mojito Chimichurri - which was carne asada, caramelized onions and mushrooms, and seasoned fries.  For $22, this was a very disappointing selection, despite the generous portion.  The meat was extremely dry and chewy, though the garlic (and mojito?) marinade had given it a wonderful flavor.  The fries were not seasoned, and were completely lacking in flavor - so they had to be dipped in the remoulade that came with the plantains.  Not much to say about the onions and mushrooms.  This dish was worth about $8.95.  If I had ordred Carne Asada at Chipotle it would have been ten times better and cost a fourth of what this did.Although the menu offers selections such as "Arroz con Pollo" and the "Tabla Latina" (Ropa Vieja(marinated shredded beef)/ Yuca/ Fried Plantains/ Fresh Avocado/ Aioli Sauce/ Corn on the Cob/ Side of Black Beans & Rice), as well as well as a "Santa Fe Fettucini Alfredo," there was nothing about this menu that made it unique - aside from the plantains.  When I saw the name "Latin Fusion" I was expecting something unmatched.  You have to set yourself aside from the competition, because it's fierce out here!The service was A-OK, the food took longer than expected to come out - considering there were few diners in the restaurant.Essentially our experience was just...A-OK.
4	I think this place might have closed I went by there a few weeks ago on a sat. night around 12pm and it was dark and all closed up.
4	I didn't come here to party, I came here to eat and my taste buds thanked me for it. It's true what Michael V said about the employees distracting each other. But I don't expect good service in Old Town Scottsdale and if you're smart you wouldn't either. It was sometimes hard to flag attention for a drink or even get an entree out with everyone else's food or within 15 minutes of everyone else's food. For some reason I'm looking past it. This food was really good. Maybe because I hadn't eaten carbs like this in a long time they went into shock, but I thought my meal was top-notch. We started with the empanadas. It was like Mexican pierogies. Little deep-fried pastries filled with beef and mashed potatoes made cheating on my healthy eating feel so damn good. I got the Santa Fe fettuccine alfredo with chicken and couldn't stop myself from eating it. It included my two favorite green things to eat, broccoli and green chiles, along with chicken and a delicious sauce. God help me, it made me want to be a fat southwestern Italian so I could eat this everyday and not feel bad about it. Will I return? You bet your bottom dollar for the food. I could care less about the bar/club scene they're trying to throw down. They should just stick to what they do best and that's make food and serve it to hungry girls like me.
4	Check in on yelp and get free order of wings! (the honey ones are delish!)I had a restaurant.com certificate. Ambience is nice. Service was a little slow like may others yelpers noted but not terrible. I think the waitress was the only waitress there. There were 4 other tables, 2 were parties of 10+.But the busser brought us water promptly, followed by gorditas with aioli and salsa which were yummy (although I will say I was a tad disappointed that we got gorditas after reading another review in which Plantains were mentioned!). A nice change from the usual chips and salsa.We split the berry something or other salad which was the worst thing we had. I would have been disappointed if it had been my entree. It was mixed greens, sliced grilled chicken, pecans and a berry vinaigrette. The dressing was like any dressing you'd get from a bottle. They were very generous with the pecans though. The salad needed something more though- maybe some actual berries to brighten it up.So by the time we'd eaten gorditas, wings and the less than stellar salad, we were too full for our meals. But we ate some anyway.I had the Ropa Vieja, which I usually LOVE and always get when I go home to South Florida!The ropa vieja is better at Urban 7  than Havana Cafe, though I'm still working my way around to the other cuban places in the valley to see how they are.Ben got the Mambo Cubano, which though not a traditional cuban sandwich, was darn tasty!He had a glass of pinot noir that he loved and I had the strawberry mojito that I could have lived without. Perhaps I should have had a martini instead...
1	*Bug Alert* We had purchased a 'Living Social' deal and we were excited to try Urban 7 in Old Town Scottsdale.  We entered the Bar side and there were 2 couples at the bar and the rest of the bar area was empty.  The bartender never looked up or greeted us. We were there for dinner, so we continued past the bar looking for a table. We quickly realized that the restaurant portion is actually across a breezeway in another building.There was no one at the Host stand so we entered the restaurant and a very pleasant gal told us to sit anywhere. Again there were two couples in the restaurant. After taking our seat we were brought water and our drink order was taken.  It was before our drinks came that I felt something on my leg. When I looked down there was a small beetle looking insect on my leg, not overly excited I shook it off and stood up quietly and stepped on it. We now place or dinner order.  I did not think much of it until again there was something crawling on my leg, same thing again I stepped on it. Now I noticed a few more on the floor and stepped on them. The waitress now returns and I quietly mention that there are some insects on the floor. She is extremely apologetic and embarrassed she says. As we are still talking to her, two more are walking on the bench cushions in front of her. She states she is going to see if there is some spray in back. Now I notice the only couple left in the place has moved from one side of the restaurant to the other mid meal. I thought the sunset was in there eyes at it was with us.Now our meal is delivered we start to eat, next 3/4" roach flies onto the table in front of my plate and I let out a sheik, pick up my plate and leap to the floor. The waitress is there in seconds to see the roach walking down the table cloth. At this point we all get up from the table and stand in the center of the room. The waitress says she is going to talk to the manager. Now, obviously, the other table wants to talk. Asked if it was a roach. We said yes and they informed us that is why they had moved, they had two on their first table. (Why they were still eating must be a testament to some tasty food though!)  As we are talking anther walks along the coach back behind one of the diners.  Now it has been five minutes or so, and we just decide to go find the manager ourselves. We meet up with our waitress in the breezeway on her cell phone with the manager??  Now there is staff taking tables out of the restaurant and into the bar. He/She is telling her to shut down the dining room. We told her we had to leave and go somewhere else for dinner. Gave her a tip for her service and left. The rest of the night was ruined, you know you keep feeling the sensation of bugs crawling on you.  I undressed in the back yard, left my clothes out there and jumped in the pool! Quite the evening. Now we will see if Living Social will refund our coupon since we will not be returning to Urban 7 or probably any other establishment that takes over that space.
2	I went to Urban 7 twice since it opened. Hoping the second time it might redeem itself. The food was not good at all. I had a BLT the first time and a chicken sandwich the second. Two things you think would be hard to mess up? Cold, the bacon looked like bacon bits from a can (was expecting fresh juicy, crispy bacon), the sauce that they put all over the chicken sandwich tasted like pure wasabi. In addition to this the service was poor both times, the restuarant was empty yet the service was lagging. The waiter would have 20 min conversations with people who clearly were trying to eat dinner and not interested in chatting, but just were being polite. All this while his 2 other tables (mine) and another couple sat and rolled there eyes at eachother.  They were out of major things on the menu. The presentation of the food could use work as well. It just seems like this place is on the cusp of closing down and keeps changing the menu in hopes of it working but need to focus more on perfecting simple items on there initial menu, presentation and service rather than weak attempts to change the menu everytime they get a bad review on here.  The location is great, the interior is great, the patio wonderful. This actual structure has great potential. I know that this is owned by Frank and Lupes, which is excellent, so maybe they need to focus there efforts on one thing and not get too much in the hopper.
5	Urban 7 has turned into my new happy hour spot! With great selection of unique martinis and you really cant beat the half off wine all night on wednesdays! i dont even know of another place in scottsdale that offers that! Its perfect to start or finish the night with a group of friends at urban 7! With a very friendly staff,great drinks and a great location!Thats hard to beat!
