5	The unassuming bakery was small inside and not too exciting. Counters along one wall showcased bright and cheerful cookies, while shelves held loaves of fresh bread. Adjacent to the door were a selection of pre-sliced loaves that one could quickly pick up on their way in.Of course, I made a beeline for the case opposite the door where, in all their glory, were about 6 different kinds of croissant-like pastry. I picked out a plain croissant, one cheese and one chocolate version. Only half of the cheese croissant made it home. The exterior was flaky in a wear-a-bib-and-prepare-to-sweep-later kind of way. Inside was a subtle amount of creamy, rich cheese that was something akin to boursin, but with the bite of goat cheese. The light, airy layers were buttery, but not heavy and the whole thing was soft and just a touch chewy.Even after two days when I finally got around to the plain croissant - the chocolate was eaten for breakfast and dipped in fresh coffee - a couple of seconds in the toaster oven restored it to its crispy, yet surprisingly chewy glory. Boulangerie Seraphin may not look like much, but hell, I want to kiss the owners and show appreciation for the wonder that was their croissants.
4	I cannot believe that for years, I walked past this gem without coming in. The interior looks, let's be frank, cheap and cold, but this place is one of the city's best-kept secrets: AMAZING croissants, especially the almond ones and the cheese ones and their cheesecakes rivals the best from Premiere Moisson. Superb natas tarts as well. Grab some goodies then head to nearby espresso bars (Social or Olimpico).  Montreal's best-kept secret!!!
4	We would never have stepped food into this bakery had it not been for its proximity to where we were staying, and one person's alleged  "dangerously low blood sugars".Blood sugar levels aside, we could not have been more pleased to have stumbled into this really quite unremarkable-looking bakery.  We left with a box full of chocolate and almond croissants, just as crisp and savoury as the apple turnover which was heartily satisfying.  There was also an amazing, fresh-out-of-the-oven-warm, corn bread cake with rutabaga that never had a chance of making it back to the apartment (sorry DL!).Needless to say, I really felt like we were only scraping the tip of the iceberg, as there were certainly counters and shelves more of inviting-looking pastries and baked goods abounding.  I wish we could have stayed longer and come back for a second round, but if you live nearby and do have the chance to make repeat visits, lucky you!
5	I love this place, it takes me back in time when I was a kid in Venezuela and we had a bakery owned by a Portuguese or Gallego family in the neighbourhod...freshly baked bread, freshly baked pastries, coffee, croissants...it even has the same ambiance, not to mention that the staff if very friendly and polite..I like the fluffy cakes they have on top of the counter..6 $, I think, the almond-covered croissants...the hard crust baguettes but soft and fluffy in the inside...yummy
3	Their coffee is pretty bad, and their pastries are not as decadent or rich, just fatty with low quality ingredients.I went back a second time, to try their Portuguese chicken specialFor $6.50 tax included, you get a quarter chicken breast, potatoes, rice and Portuguese bread, can of soft drink included.What's the catch? the portion is sooooo tiny. The chicken amounts to about half of what other places offer, there was exactly 1 potato and a half portion of rice drowning in a non spicy oil. I would have to need 2 portions to be full, so at  that price, it's just not worth it
5	Try the cheese croissants !!
