3	It is what it is.  Ithink you can do better and have a better location for what they charge so what that they have little kitchens set-up in room.  If i was doing it right on a ballers budget i wanna be downtown with the action.. And the elevators here suckkkkk,,,, they get broke alot!
5	What a Steal! La Tour Belvedere Suites Apartments was. It is exactly what  how it sounds, it is a suite apartment. It's very big and spacious for a Studio Queen which is was i purchased for my gf and I during our stay in Montreal. I can only imagine what the Suites were like space wise. I kept my eye out on Booking.com for there flash deals and low and behold they had a deal that came out to $83 dollars each night, we only stayed for one. Upon arrival the concierge's at the front desk were very prompt and got us sorted away quickly and even took the time to tell us where to go in the city, directed and made marks on one of the tourist maps (seriously A triple plus for that type of help) When we got upstairs into the room i was extremely pleased, didn't realize how spacious it was and it had a nice balcony for us to go outside and enjoy the fresh air. Balcony wasn't the cleanest area but no big deal. I really had no complaints about the room, the bed was decent pretty comfortable, nice couch, small tv, even a kitchen with a few glasses, kettle etc. the basics if you bring back food or drink to the room. The shower was a bit small but honestly really was no big deal. I think the biggest plus of this Hotel was the service, on top of that it was a street over from Rue de Saint Catherine were most of the night life occurs and Boulevard De Maissoneuve is the second main street so there is alot going on , on this strip as well. Also it was across the street from a 24 hour eatery which came in handy late night for my gf and I who were starving. Also i liked the fact that unless you had a card and you were staying at the hotel, after hours (late night) you couldn't get into the hotel with out swiping, very very very good security measure. Honestly i thought this hotel was great for the value and i would absolutely stay there again, one thousand percent!
3	Briefly:- Not fancy, but certainly decent enough- GREAT location (near metro stop, walkable to grocery stores and other things)- Excellent staffI would stay here again, if I was by myself (I'm not sure my girlfriend would cotton to it).  I know, giving it three stars make it seem like a bad review, but it's not  - this is a very solid three star place.  It's not fancy - in fact, the rooms are a bit-run down - but they're clean enough, and the bed is fine, and the shower works - what do you want from a cheap hotel?On top of which, the staff is GREAT.  When I checked in there was a problem with the Expedia-made reservation; the guy at the desk called Expedia, worked it out, and upgraded my room.  When I was checking out, at an unholy 3:30 am, the (different) guy at the desk called a taxi at 3am to make sure one would be there on time, called again at 3:30 to make sure it was on it's way, and generally treated me great.Plus, it's just a block and a half from a metro stop on the coveted green line, and there are grocery stores and two indoor malls within a couple of blocks walking distance, so you can easily shop to fill the pantry in each room.Oh, and the rooms are solid, with thick walls - there was a large Inuit (or first nations, if you prefer) family with a bunch of kids staying in the room right next to mine, and I never heard them through the walls.
1	bad hotel.  Poor service.  As a matter of fact, the staff doesn't care if their customers were satisfied or they have any complaints.  The bath tub drain doesn't work; it's clogged.  We asked for extra sheets and pillow; it took three reminders to get them, and we were still missing some items that we asked for.  The room has a dirty smell to it.  The beds were uncomfortable.
1	Dank and depressing. Hostile staff. The rooms are run down and just plain sad.With so many other hotels to choose from in this vibrant and lively city, DO NOT choose this one.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!Variously billed as a hotel or a furnished apartment -- it's neither.  There's no valet, no place to pull in or park (more on this later), no bellman, no concierge, in fact NONE of the normal amenities you'd expect from lodging in this price range.The rooms, billed as suites, are neither large nor luxurious; they are small, dark, dank and smelly shells that haven't been redecorated since the Nixon administration.  Peeling, stained plaster, a tiny TV, skeezy dark bedspreads.  No views, small dirty windows look out onto an ordinary street without landmarks or nearby attractions.The desk staff is beyond uncaring and useless; they are actively hostile.We pulled into a single street space in front of the building to check in.  There's no other opportunity, as it has no driveway, no parking spaces, no signs or instructions of any kind.  This is really the only place to stop to unpack.  We asked if it was okay to leave our car there for the few minutes we needed to check in.  Sure, fine we were told, no problem.  After the 10 minutes it took us to check in we were greeted with an $85 parking ticket.  Taking it straight back to the desk, their story changed considerably.  That's a terrible place to park, they said. They had never advised us to park there 10 minutes earlier, we should have driven around the neighborhood until we could find a legal parking space.  That's the only sure way to avoid a ticket, they insisted.Seriously?In the end, this hotel is $200 richer, Montreal is $85 richer, my family is trying to forget the night we spent there.  Save yourself the grief and AVOID this place!
4	I enjoyed the stay here! The price was decent and I loved the location. It's close to the Atwater metro station and its around the block from the mall. It's a good location in downtown Montreal so your able to tour the city. The room was good and comfortable for a traveling couple or a small group of friends. The staff was friendly and was always willing to help and provide  answers. The hotel also provided breakfast to there guest every morning. They do provide parking for there guest but for a fee. One complaint I had is the elevator. I felt that these were the slowest elevator ever. But other then that it was a good stay.
3	I got the Belvedere via a Booking.com listing, and it turned out to be an okay venue. Let me talk parking, first. Parking in Montreal is a nightmare. The parking beneath the Belvedere is limited and actually parking your vehicle turns into an adventure.  Since the building is a residence as well, there are residents parked below, and there are spots filled with various pieces of detritus.  Getting into the spot is tough.  I really wish I'd driven my Smart to Montreal.  Thankfully, once the car was parked I could just walk around the neighbourhood and enjoy the ambiance (I ate breakfast one booth over from professional agitator Jaggi Singh, who was wooing some young thing).  It's well located for hitting the metro, too.  The room itself was nice, and particularly big.  There was a nice kitchen (which I never got to use) and a full living area. I nodded off on the couch after coming in Saturday evening. The biggest down side was that the sheets felt a little rough. Perhaps I am the one who got too sensitive? I can see staying there again.  Maybe I can just fly into town and transit it to the place.
5	For the price you pay this hotel is great. Only a 4 minute walk to a large mall which is also a subway station making for easy transport. It's also very close to restaurants and shopping which saves lots of money on cabs!The rooms aren't anything special. I did enjoy having a balcony, living space and kitchenette. The elevators need a renovation but the front desk staff informed me they were in the process of doing. The fitness room is quite small and the equipment is old but being the only person in there was a treat. The pool is also small but I never noticed anyone in there either.Great staff and great bang for your buck.
4	Place was awesome. It was like a mini apartment. Everything was stocked. Fridge,safe,utensils, pots and pans, nice view pull out couch and very roomy. Pool was clean and perfect temperature. Although sonna was slow to warm up and fire alarm went off twice but I am pretty sure it was some little kid messing with it. The staff were polite and didnt rush us out. All in all I like the place and will stay there again.
1	This hotel was the worst experience ever! I stay at different hotels through out the year for vacation or work and I have never had bad experiences u till I stayed here. There was no guest service, no compensation for the inconvenience they cause, their staff was rude, they didn't even welcome us when we first arrived! If you want a good, happy and stress free vacation DO NOT stay at this hotel. They need to educated and retrain their staff.
5	Great hotel for the price!  Excellent location -- about 2 minutes from the Atwater Metro station, on the edge of downtown, an easy walk to the top of Mont Royal, and a great view from our balcony!  Large room -- I know people in Chicago with smaller apartments, and the kitchen was fully equipped.  Furniture was old, but still functional -- we didn't go to Montreal to sit around and watch TV anyway.  Unit was clean.  Staff was very friendly and helped resolve WiFi issues.  I would definitely stay here again.
