2	Gail Knits is located in a strip mall in the shi-shi neighborhood of Summerlin. The mentality of the neighborhood definitely permeates the attitude inside the store. When you walk through the door (if you can find it) you are usually greeted with the baleful glare of two or three older women sitting around a fold out table. Sometimes their knitting, sometimes they're just chatting. Either way, if you're not a regular customer, you are obviously rudely interrupting whatever it is they're doing. The yarn selection is nice, and the store is organized fairly well. There are swatches knitted up to show how some of the yarns will look, but mostly it's just cubby holes full of extremely expensive yarn. There are some mid range yarns priced a little higher than I've seen other places, but when you consider the mark up of just about anything in Las Vegas it's to be expected. The store is small, and the employee(s) are not generally too thrilled to just let you wander the stacks. One of two things will happen, they will hover until you just grab nearest hank and head for register, or should you ask for help in selecting an appropriate yarn, they will steer you towards the most expensive choice completely disregarding any mid range choices. Even if you ask. They do offer to ball your yarn for you, but if you get your yarn balled they will not accept it back if you try to return it.  My main complaint about this store overall is that they turn their noses up at anyone who might use their yarn for something other than straight knitting. When I brought in a crochet pattern and asked for help selecting a yarn substitution, I was literally cold shouldered and told that it would be easier for me to find yarn for the project at big box craft store, Michaels. Overall, the selection is nice, but overpriced. The help is about as unhelpful as you can get and still consider it 'customer service'. If you are looking for a local yarn shop that is elitist than Gail Knits is the one for you.
2	I just bought some beautiful yarn here, and the selection was superb if a bit expensive. Expensive is okay for me, since my crochet is MY hobby that nobody can regulate and I spend quite a bit on it. I could have spent quite a bit at Gail's, had I felt like it would have been appreciated.however... I agree with the previous review, even though I visited literally 3 years later. I walked in, and nobody greeted me. Not a one. Oh, they all turned to look at me, but then they turned away as though I was just a rancid smell passing through. About 5 ladies were knitting at the table chatting, and the employees completely ignored me while I browsed, except to once in awhile glance over to make sure I wasn't shoving yarn in my purse. When I checked out, the clerk made small talk that seemed so painful for her that I'm surprised she didn't start bleeding out of her eyeballs. I don't know if it's because I'm younger than most clientele, or just didn't fit in with their knitting clique, but it completely turned me off and I won't be back. It's a shame, I was on the lookout for a locally owned yarn shop to be a regular at. I'll be continuing my search. =(Just a tip, Gail... if you want your business to flourish in a town where an awesome yarn shop is *so* needed, focus more on customer service for your first time visitors and less on hanging out with the already loyal clientele. A business shouldn't be cold to those it relies on to pay its bills. You've missed out on bringing in some regulars, I'm sure.
5	Small little shop, been there for a long time, we've been here in Vegas now for 10 years, and it's always been here too!  I've always wanted to stop, I don't consider myself a knitter, enjoy crochet more, but if you are looking for yarns, this place has them.I went in to ask about a silk and wool blend, she had three to choose from and was very helpful with suggestions.  They offer classes and there were a group of ladies sitting about all knitting and talking, seemed like a lot of fun. I didn't make any purchases today, I needed to study my pattern more, to choose the right weight, but now that I made it to the store, I know I'll be back.  Their hours are cool too, late night on Thursday, closed Mondays.
3	I am new to the world of crocheting and knitting, but have come to love both.  When I visited Gail Knits a few weeks ago, I was in search of a crochet/yarn store in which I could frequent for supplies and advice.  Upon entering, there were tables with knitters having their lunch and knitting their projects, none of which looked up in my direction.  I asked a woman in the back for help to choose a yarn which was for a house slipper project.  She was quite helpful and I learned some things.  But, her tone was neither friendly or negative, it was monotone and uncaring, more towards monotone and "I could really care less."  She did invite me to come knit in their store at any time, but I probably will not take up the offer since I felt borderline, unwelcome.  I gave this store 3 stars because her customer service was the bare minimum of what is needed to feel welcome in a "local type" store.  Their selection of yarn and knitting supplies are wonderful.  I could not spot any crochet supplies.  I was under the impression it was a strictly knitting environment I had entered.
4	I visited this store while vacationing in Vegas. It's tucked away in a strip mall which means it's not huge, but, thankfully, they've arranged the store so that it's still open and inviting--not crammed with so much stuff that you can't move around or shop freely. I'm bummed that they didn't carry three of my favorites: Noro, Madelinetosh, and Malabrigo, but I did get some lovely Mountain Colors yarn at a 30% discount. Score!I found the staff to be friendly and helpful, not pushy at all. The staff's friendliness is memorable enough that I'll visit the store again next time I'm in town.I notice that several people have commented about "the table of people who don't look up."  I've been to many yarn stores and it's pretty common.  Knitters in a class are there to work on project.  You've gotta pay attention to your knitting to avoid making mistakes.  When I'm knitting at my LYS, I seldom greet customers as they enter the store. It's the store's responsibility to make sure I'm greeted and helped.When I visited Gail Knits, a salesperson did greet me while the table of knitters did not.  She asked if I was looking for something special.  When I said I was on holiday and just wanted to look around, she graciously left me alone to shop and advised me of the 30% off sale.
3	I came here while honeymooning in Vegas. I had been before, about a year prior, so the store wasn't a huge surprise. I picked out some delightful Prism Mio yarn to make handwarmers. I should mention that this was in the heat of summer. The store is pretty decent, but  there wasn't a lot of high end stuff. Other than the owner (who I think recognized me from a year before), this was just okay.
1	NEVER AGAIN!  As a local, I have tried, repeatedly to love this store, and the staff and owner make it impossible.  BEAUTIFUL yarns, though, in agreement with some of the other reviewers, the prices are a bit higher.  YARN SNOBS to the max - I was told that I would find NOTHING but high end yarns here (meaning no acrylic - SHUDDER!).The last time I was physically in the store, an out-of-towner (buying an ungodly amount of merchandise, mind you) questioned where the other yarn store in town was - she was told that there WERE no other yarn/knitting stores in town.  When she questioned further, because she had BEEN there on a prior trip, it was revealed that Gail's did not consider them a competitor, because "they CROCHET"...this was from Gail's mouth, direct (shudder, once again!).  Yes, I met the woman in the parking lot and had her follow me to the other store, after I set my intended purchase back.Today, an online search for yarn led me to Gail's, as it was the only local retailer.  I just placed a call to the store, where the employee couldn't have answered me more hurried (annoyed, really) or ruder, in an attempt to not have to deal with me on the phone, and get off as quick as she could.  I understand the mechanics of dealing with customers calling into a shop, but this is a 20 mile trip across town for me, so I just wanted to make sure they carried it before I drove there on $4.00/gallon gasoline).  They do not carry what I needed.My money will be better spent elsewhere in Vegas - there are two additional yarn/knitting stores in town (WOOLY WONDERS and SIN CITY KNIT SHOP) - both cater not only to knitters, but crocheters as well (OH, the HORRORS!!!!).  Skip this one - pleasant staff is worth so much more to me!
5	I really love this store! My fiance and I go there every time we go in to las vegas. They have a very nice selection of yarn. I can't wait to go back.
