1	So, I have stayed at this Studio 6 on several occasions as I was traveling in and out of town (travel for my job)....and I have to say, although each stay was interesting...nothing compares to our recent stay, which ended this morning.  We checked in 2 days ago.  I went to work the following morning, leaving my girlfriend and animals home for the day.  Around noon I get an IM from my girlfriend saying she heard moaning upstairs and then she heard people on the stairs....a girl was frantically saying :breathe!  breathe!"...Soon thereafter, a plain clothed, dark skinned man came running down the hotel stairs, right past my girlfriend (was taking puppy to bathroom) and had a machine gun on his shoulder.  He ran toward the back of the building and two girls (one asked me for a spoon as we were unloading the car on day 1) came chasing after him....both pounded on our door for some reason.  Maybe they wanted another spoon?So, my girlfriend IMs me all this info and I am at work....kind of freaking out.  I fortunately got done working early and rushed home.  I call, then visit the front desk after the "less than professional" "Operations Manager" laughs at me for telling her about the gun.  She tells me that my girlfriend saw an EMTs oxygen tank....even though the guy with the gun came down 5 minutes before the EMTs got there.  I told this girl to call the police about the gun and she refused...telling me that if she didn't see it, she wouldnt call the police.  I told her I saw people just loitering around the dude's door (heroin) until he opened it and let them in.....funny that someone OD'd and he ran out with the gun. Weird that Studio 6 lets it happen and won't call the police.  I felt like she may know what's going on.....because she treated me like I was a little nutty for telling her this info.   Then again, if it were not for hookers and drug addicts, who would Studio 6 have to cater to?  Believe me, the police are there almost every day, with the occasional ambulance.  People roam the parking lot asking for money and cigarettes....and apparently spoons.  The girl who asked for the spoon said she wanted her favorite yogurt from AM/PM and they didn't have spoons........If you are looking for a decent place to stay, don't choose this place.  I guarantee that you will feel unsafe.  They let these people, these addicts, these dealers and hookers live there.  Nice standards Studio 6.Uggh, I knew I shouldn't have stayed there again!  The one on Wendler in Tempe is better....by a bit.
1	The Staff is VERY rude the manager is even ruder kept talking over me then slammed the door.. stay away from this location.
1	This is one of the worst motels that I've ever stayed at before in my life, and I've stayed at many hotels and motels in my lifetime. My wife and I moved to Phoenix and needed a place to stay for a week until our apartment was ready. Found Studio 6 on Google and the photos on their website looked good. Unfortunately for me, I failed to read the reviews prior to booking my 8 night stay. We arrived late at night to be greeted by the laundry guy who gave us our keys to the room. The room was allegedly non-smoking, but this was not accurate at all. The room reeked of smoke and cheap cleaning products that were used to try and mask the smell. The room was fantastically filthy, among the filthiest I've ever seen in my life, I took and uploaded pictures to prove how disgusting this place was. There was blood on one of our pillows, dirt and dust all over the entire room. The room we were staying in must have been hosting a punching contest, because the refrigerator in the room had a giant fist imprint in it. I asked the laundry man for another room, as this one was just clearly unacceptable. Because he did not have access to a computer, he pulled out a large sheet of room numbers and guest names and began randomly picking rooms to check to see if they were clean, so that we could move. After nearly 30 minutes of using this primitive room tracking method, he finally located one. This room that he found also reeked of smoke! The room at the end of the hallway from the one that we were assigned, housed a large man, who kept the motel room door wide open, whilst he exposed himself on the bed wearing nothing but boxers. Not only did I feel extremely unsafe, but felt that my wife and I both would be raped during the night while sleeping, and there would be nothing left to our cars by sunrise. Oh yeah, I almost forgot to mention the extremely loud Harley Davidson people who continually revved up their annoying engines throughout the night. In the morning, the Harley guy returned and after discovering there was no parking space for him to park his bike, he drove up on the sidewalk and into the gravel, then proceeding to park it there as if it was his own personal parking space. To top it all off, there was a giant box of cats.... Yes, "cat's" outside of one of the rooms on the ground level. Not sure what happened here, but after we loaded up our cars to make our race to safety, we noticed the box of cat's disappeared... Perhaps they were drug cats? The world will never know... My advice is to spend the extra money and go to Extended Stay America down the street. Don't risk getting AIDS, don't risk being raped... Hell exists, and it's the Studio Six in Deer Valley!
