4	I like Tropical Smoothie Cafe and if you work anywhere near family court, you MUST be as excited as I am that this place opened!!  I went on April 25, and I think it had just opened the day before or something like that.  It was crowded (see the aforementioned excitement at this place opening near family court) but well staffed.  I think they were still working out some bugs as everyone ordered PRETTY MUCH the same thing yet the prices were ALL OVER THE BOARD, but I do think they will get this worked out.  The food was good, the smoothies were great, and I am hopeful the service will follow!!
4	Like it so far it's new something that else to add besides Starbucks lol to my visits
4	This place is new, very clean and it is nice had a 24 drive through. People are also nice and friendly great place to stop by and get a drink.
5	I love tropical smooth.  Its affordable and has great service. bring your order to you so don't have to get up. Also thwre help funds for camps.
1	I was excited when this place opened close to my work,  especially with a 24 hour drive thru,  however, the excitement wore off quickly when I realized that the service in the drive thru is slow. I have tried going at different times and it always takes a minimum of 20 minutes to get my order. If I pull up and there is more than one car in line I leave. Tonight I ordered a King Caesar wrap with no tomatoes and when I got back to work to eat it was filled with tomatoes.  I didn't have time to take it back because it took 40 minutes the first trip. I have given them several chances hoping things have improved when I've gone back but after today I won't be going back.
3	I love Tropical Smoothie and I was so excited about this location opening up because it is the first TS to open up on the east side of town, but they are too understaffed in my opinion. I have used the drive-thru twice and both times I have had to wait 15+ minutes. The first time I went, the person taking orders was having trouble hearing what I was saying through the speaker and apparently was having trouble recording orders because my order seemed to be too confusing to be served correctly. The second time, there was only one person managing the drive-thru and the front - ONE person. My smoothies always come out tasting delish, I just wish they came out in a more timely manner. Haha.
2	Nice to see a Tropical Smoothie in this area! But heck...no customer service at all in this place and it takes sooooo long to get your order! Seriously 15-20min for a smoothie?! Really??
2	The service here is very slow. I have been to this location a few times, and I notice that service is continuously slow and they tend to get orders wrong.
2	I honestly love tropical smoothie!! But what drives me nuts is that the drive thru is so slow! I was seriously in my car for over ten minutes and I had to honk for the girl to come out. And she told me she forgot about me (what the hell) and even forgot my order. I had to tell her my order and she even gave me my drink super messy. Tropical smoothie has good smoothies , it's just the drive thru sucks.... it's the drive thru for a reason....
2	I love Tropical Smoothie Cafe. Good food, great smoothies that aren't watery like Jamba Juice. But this location is terrible.I was glad something opened up on the east side that is somewhat on my way to work (catching the 95). But the drivethru window is painfully slow. Even when ordering just a smoothie and I'm the only one there, its so sloooow. I usually only go to TSC when I get text alert about a special discount or free smoothie. Any time I come to this location they are almost always caught off guard by the promotion. There have been times when I've ordered food off the menu and the person taking my order wasn't even aware it was on the menu.Today I got one of the new "savory island club" with kale and apple slaw, sounds awesome right? It was toasted to rock hard status. I couldn't even finish it, I was afraid I'd shred by gums. I hope this location gets better and doesn't close, east side needs more healthy food choices. But this location really needs to step it up. I will happily update my review when they do.
1	I have been to this location 3 times. I love me some trop smo, but sheesh the service here is the worst every time. They are understaffed, meaning only one person is working here usually. I wait 15 plus minutes at the drive-thru and that's a conservative estimate.. It wouldn't be so bad if the girl working actually pretended to like her job and smiled maybe...I don't blame her if she's having to pull the shifts by herself (if that's the case). She's usually way too busy to even remember to give you all of your order. Literally, the wait it so long, I forget what I ordered until I get home and I'm like oh snap...she forgot to give us..... whatever. If there is more than one car in the drive-thru...keep driving. You just saved 30 minutes...you're welcome.Good luck fellow trop smo lovers.
5	best health food and smoothie restaurant I've been to in years!Could use some more employees though.
