4	Good Italian food run by (what looks like) the mob.  If it's not the mob, it's some good fellas, if you know what I mean.  I can personally vouch for their Chicken Parmesan, and their Sausage rolls.  Good service.  And friendly if you don't rat them out to the FBI.  Otherwise, you sleep with the fishes.
4	Meatballz is a great Italian restaurant located in a strip mall. There is a limited amount of outdoor seating and not much more once you get inside... The place is small, and gets packed at lunchtime. I'm here to tell you that there is a reason: great food. The chicken parmesan is outstanding. The meatball sub is tasty, but a bit heavy. The butternut squash is delicious.They offer cold cut sandwiches, hot sandwiches (meatball sub, chicken parm sub), pasta dishes, entrees and salads. You can order anything, add a fountain drink and pay less than $10.
4	Meatballz is tucked away inside a typical North Scottsdale strip mall. I wouldn't really call this a restaurant - it's set up more like a lunch deli. You wait in line to place an order, you pour your own drink into styrofoam cups using the self-serve fountain, you find whatever seat you can, and wait for your food. Now, the way this place works is like many places who are adopting this trend where you place your order and take a number to your table and someone brings your food to you when it's ready. It means you don't have waiters really, but you also don't have to stand around waiting to pick up your order... If you want to tip, they have a tip jar.The seating is very cheap and ugly, but it's comfortable and you're not really here for the ambience. You come here for good food at a decent price with no signifigant hassle. It's your lunch spot if you work in the area. There's really no reason to make a special trip here, but if you're checking out car dealerships or doing some shopping or on a lunch break - it's a solid choice.They do catering - even on short notice. A lot of businesses in the area do take-out here. They have pizzas, pastas, sandwiches, and the standard fare. We ordered a pizza, a sandwich and a pasta dish. They have great meatballs and stuffed pasta. The pizza looked delicious, but we're saving it for dinner. Their sandwich bread is a little "artisan" for my taste (artisan translates to dry and stale as far as I'm concerned), but they use quality meats and cheeses. The staff is friendly, the place is clean, and the food is solid and reliable. You can't really go wrong. I still prefer DeFalco's by a mile, but if I ever end up in this area, I might go again.
5	This is one of my favorite lunch places, and they've recently improved!  The wife and I stopped by here today for lunch and I was impressed with a new menu.  They're offering pizza now and for the first time I noticed that you can get an Italian Sausage Parm Hero.  That's what I got and it was SO good!  The same guys run the place, but they've ramped up their friendly service to an even higher plateau.  One of the owners was greeting every group of customers as they came in and the staff was doing a great job finding tables, etc for the huge lunch crowd that was coming in.This is bare bones, fantastic Italian lunch food.  Not a place to go on a date, but a place to get an extremely satisfying lunch during your busy day.I highly recommend stopping by, eating lunch and saying hello to the boys!
5	I dropped in today for lunch, as I have been meaning to do for a while. Before I even tasted the food, I was entirely impressed with the place. While it was busy, the workers still took time to go around and greet many of the customers. I ordered my food to go, and I was surprised how fast they got it out to me.I ordered the Penne with Meatballz, and it was really great. Though it was a lot to eat, definitely worth the price. Their meatballs are seasoned very well, and would've been great even without the sauce.Overall, a great place to have lunch. I'll definitely be a regular from here on.
4	Meatballz is an excellent lunch place.  I would testify to their food - except I always have the same thing - the Meatball Parm Sandwhich (excellent!) - it's so good I can't bring myself to order anything else.  However, everyone I've been there with seem to thoroughly enjoy their orders.The only disappointment I've had is when I had a hunger for their Meatball Parm and they were closed!!!  Subway just doesn't come close!!
5	Been a while since i have written a review but I love to get the word out on good places to eat in the valley and Meatballz is a great lunch place. You can get chicken parm with a couple garlic knots and a drink for 10 bucks which is a great deal. The sauce is great, portions big, and the staff is nice. The owner is a great guy who talks to everyone in the restaurant and really makes u feel at home. If you like fast, inexpensive, good italian then this is the place to go.
4	Very casual atmosphere and feel, but the food quality and portions are quite good.  I did the egglplant parmesan with linguini, and it was up there with any of the other local or chain versions of the same entree. Most items are around $8-10, and it is a very casual atmosphere, but you're getting very good food for that price whether you dine there or take it home.Manager or owner seemed to be there this evening and it was amusing to see his inspection and approving words for my finishing the entire plate of pasta.For an unpretentious pasta place, that is rather "fast" with their food, this is a good place to visit.
5	I love Meatballz!  As an Italian from Jersey this is the closest place to home as I can find here in Scottsdale.  I love the place, I go often.  If yo haven't been, you must go for lunch!
4	Wow!  WOW!  I would have never expected to find this kind of quality here in AZ.  My mother is Italian and I am from Jersey and I won't ever say that these meatballs taste like hers, but damn, they are pretty good.  The bread is awesome as well.  Totally reminds me of being back home.  My friends ordered salads and they cleaned their plates.I love the owner as well.  He personally thanks everyone for coming in and he shook my hand.  I can't wait to go back and try the eggplant parm.
5	You may be asking yourself, "Are their meatballs, and meatball parms good?"   The answer would be, "Yes, yes they are."  Even though the restaurant is named after an orb of succulent meat, and the restaurant excels at that fare, I rarely find myself ordering anything with meatballs when I go here.  The reason being is that their chicken parmigiana is the secret star of the menu.  And unfortunately since Meatballz's chicken parms and meatballs are so good, I haven't explored much else of their menu.  However, I have been told by friends and family who have eaten their pasta and cold-cut sandwiches that those items are very good too.
4	Go just for the meatball sandwich.  Oh, you'll be trying what your dining partners ordered too, and you'll be back for the other stuff because it is really good.  But those tender meatballs and oh so flavorful marinara will wiggle their way into your brain and emerge every so often as an enormous craving.No pretense here.  They get you in, get your food and get you sat to eat it with efficiency.  And they do it in a very friendly way.  Looks like they recently did some sprucing up in the place, and did some minor rearranging of the menu to simplify and speed up the ordering process.  Nice job.  Salads and sandwiches are really good, made with good ingredients like Boar's Head.  Their lasagna is also very good, and most stuff comes with these garlic rolls that are oh so good.  They also offer pizza which I haven't tried yet.If you have kids, take them here.  From then on you'll have a great carrot to incent them with.
2	*This is a review of an experience at Meatballz  on 1.8.10 and also my first time there.I was going out to lunch with a couple of work buddies and meeting up with another friend who suggested we go to Meatballz for lunch. He had been raving about the food for some time and I figured, it's a Friday and I have not yet tried it, so I will give it a shot.  We met at about noon and there was a total of six of us. I was very excited looking over the large menu of various heroes and pastas. For those that have never been here, you order at the counter and then the food is brought out to you.  I was the fifth out of six of us to order. 4 people ordered meatball heroes, one person a tuna hero (yes at a place called Meatballz) and I ordered the chicken parm hero and a small drink for $9.12 after the guy at the counter taking the order recommended it over the heroes I was considering. Not the cheapest lunch out there, but for a fresh foot long hero and a drink with free refills it is completely par for the course.  The six of us were lucky enough to find a table we could all sit at inside . It looks like they may be able to sit about 30 or so folks and there is some seating outside as well.  About 5 to 10 minutes after the last person had ordered, all of the heroes started to come out, except for one. For 5 points can you guess which one? If you said Tuna, you get no points. For those of you that guessed Chicken parm, give yourselves the points. About 30 minutes later and still no sandwich I decided to hit the counter up for an explanation. I was told that there was a fresh sandwich coming out of the oven and that it would be out in a moment. By that point I had waited about a half hour, the other five folks I was with had finished or were in the final stretch of finishing their sandwiches so I just asked for my money back.  Thankfully the guy behind the counter (who is the reason this review has any stars attached to it) was extremely customer service oriented and apologized for the mistake and gave me back my money. Just as I was getting the money back a sandwich did come out from the back but it was too late and I didn't have time to eat nor the desire. I was happy that there was no fuss on returning my cash and let the cashier know that it wasn't his fault that there was a mix up.  A few moments later the same guy came around the counter and told me he had spoken to his boss and they felt bad. They gave me a 10 dollar gift certificate to come back and try the place again and I appreciate that, but it may be some time before I take them up on the offer. There are a ton of places looking for lunch time business and this one is a bit out of the way for me at this point. With restaurants closing in the valley all the time I am sure having unhappy or unsatisfied customers is not something anyone wants. While I do appreciate the attempt at getting me back in, I am going to have to let the bad taste of nothingness leave my mouth first  It is possible at some point I may go back in there, but until that day comes I am going to have to leave this review at a 2 star.
3	It was okay, I definitely miss it.  The valley needs a few real Italian delis.  This one was close. ish.
