3	I love Panera for their variety and lack of fried food. I'll admit it isn't the best soup, salad or sandwich I've ever had, but overall it's consistent and offers healthy options at all hours.They are good about changing their menu seasonally and to test new options. Right now they are featuring a thai chopped salad.  While I prefer for the classics and steer clear of the calorie induced panini, I like that I can come and hour and a half before a lunch appointment and utilize their wifi to take care of important tasks. (like yelping...)
3	I really like Panera for their convenience. I find most of their food to be just okay but I continue to return as I really like their mac and cheese and their lemonade.
3	Crappy WiFi. Good turkey sandwich. Bravo.
3	Panera: it is what it is.  A perfectly adequate place for coffee, a sandwich, pastries, whatever.  (OK--I take the coffee part back, because I've been to several different locations and have never cared for the coffee.)  The service has been fine the few times I've been here. The food is okey-dokey but completely unremarkable. I'd describe what I ate today, but why bother? I already don't remember what it was.  See what I mean?  An unintended plus to today's outdoor dining experience: being entertained as I watched people react with varying degrees of horror as they clapped their peepers on a couple of mice frolicking under one of the tables. But I digress.  In sum: if you come here for fine dining you're bound to be disappointed (p.s. you're bonkers, so you deserve what you get).  Panera: at the pinnacle of mediocrity.  It is what it is.
3	I live right between 2 paneras and this location is probably the best for parking.  That is a big criteria since panera is a popular meeting place or place to go if you want to get lunch and enjoy some alone time to read or use the internet away from your apartment.  The big downside to this location is that it often is tough to find a spot to sit and an outlet for your computer.  Another downside is that the Mineral Point location feels like a senior center.  It's not unusual to see multiple groups of senior citizens camping out at tables near outlets for over an hour at a time.  The staff doesn't want to ask them to move to another spot freeing up a spot for someone else to sit and enjoy lunch or get some work done.  The food, especially the breakfast food is good.  Coffee is better than Starbucks.  Prices have gone up quite a bit, so eating there is an occasional treat now, thus the complaint about the senior campers.  If I'm going to eat out and spend almost $10 on lunch, I want to have a nice spot to sit, not have to hunt for an open spot.
4	I have always liked panera and this location is no exception. I always get the same thing (a chicken Caesar salad) and it always tastes  delicious. The service I got here was pretty decent. The line moved quickly, my food was out about the same time I filled my coffee and everything was about exactly what you expect... BUT...But here's the deal. I know you can't expect to keep a dining room like this perfect all the time. But when I see an employee empty a trash can an walk right past tons of food on the ground some kid probably spilled... I mean really? It isn't the hardest thing to walk by once every 15 min or so (with as many people as they have working there) and quick sweep up big spills. Also, none of the tables were cleaned off when I got there or when Ieft. It would have been 5 stars from me... But alas.
3	I normally get my favorite: Bacon Turkey Bravo with extra sauce on side. For an average size deli sandwich,  how much should it cost? $4?... $5?... $6? Try $8. Yes you get a small bag of chips and small pickle slice with your sandwich, but the price is to steep for me to make it a regular stop.  I find the food very good and a healthy choice alternative to other fast food restaurants. Service is normally quick,  especially during their busy lunch hour. I rate 4.5 stars for cleanliness, service, and food... but with the price factor for what you get, I had to rate 3 stars.
4	I have been to a number of Paneras in my life. This is the first one I've been to in Madison, WI. This Panera is in a convenient location with lots of parking! Very clean and it actually smelled like Apple pie when we entered!The food came out quick and my Turkey and Avocado sandwich was delicious!!! I definitely will return!
4	We've been Panera customers for many years.  My wife loves their bagels and cream cheese, so we ring that bell often.  But for me, a bagel is a bagel - not very exciting.  However, today I'm fully enjoying their Asiago Steak sandwich.  There's just something magical about the ingredients - I can't put my finger on it.  The hint of smokey flavor (from the smoked cheddar?  The steak?) along with the asiago roll - OH MY!  My plans were to nibble on half of it for an early lunch, then finish the other half later.  NOPE!  It's goin' down... I can't let this sit any longer.As a whole, Panera stores are nice and clean.  Their coffee is good too.  While not my first choice for a lunch, I do know their sandwiches are solid, and this Asiago Steak is going to be on my radar in the future!
4	I love this Panera! It is on my way to work so I stop there often for both breakfast and lunch items. The good thing is you can pick up a salad for lunch at 7:00 a.m. if you need to. Their food is always fresh and my order is always accurate. The people working are friendly and pleasant. Two other benefits are their rewards card that gives you freebies and their Rapid Order system. You order and pay online and your order is waiting for you to pick-up. My order has never not been ready, and has never been wrong! Love, love, love that feature. You bypass everyone waiting in line and are in and out in minutes.
