4	I've been here a number of times since moving to Pittsburgh, for miscellaneous parts. They are always very helpful, and I often end up in a longer conversation than I expect, if the staff isn't busy. They carry a pretty wide range of products (Trek, Kona, SoMa, Velocity), even some inexpensive stuff which has kept me from ordering online (tires, fenders, and pedals for my used commuter bike). They never push me into more expensive parts, possibly because even their cheapest stuff is of good quality. I guess the one thing keeping it from being 5-star is that it is part of a chain and lacks that intimate feeling that independent shops have.
5	I just bought a bike this summer and I'm just a beginner when comes to riding. I love this shop because these guys are extremely helpful and are not intimidating like some other places I have been to. They also do not pressure you into buying anything which is nice. I just took mine in with a flat tire and my front brake slightly bent and they only charged me $11. I know when I'm ready to buy a better bike I will be going to these guys to get it.
5	I'm in the process of buying a bike for the first time since high school. It's my first non-Walmart bike purchase, and we've been looking around and gathering info in various places. Let me say, the folks at Trek are excellent!We went in on a Saturday afternoon and Gray (this incredibly long legged blonde who is super nice) helped us out. She is extremely knowledgeable and could give us all kinds of info on the various bikes I was looking at. I'm actually looking for a cyclocross bike for its versatility, which is kind of an obscure type of bike. Turns out the Trek store has 6 or 7 different models, and could give me the lowdown on them all. INCREDIBLE selection--WAY better than any other store I've been to.Not only were they very knowledgable and helpful, they got us on bikes (with helmets) and were like, head on out there! Bike around Shadyside and get a feel for them! No "stick to the parking lot" crap. Of course, you do have to give them an ID and credit card, but still, very good. We were out for about 20 minutes. Bottom line: super helpful, low pressure, very friendly. For a relative bike-newbie, they didn't make me feel stupid or low-class or anything. Really excellent. Go see Gray, she's awesome :)
5	I purchased a hybrid from the Shadyside shop 3 years ago. The staff members were extremely knowledgeable and helpful, the 2 sales staff members I worked with were very patient and pointed me in the right direction. A few days ago I hopped on my bike for a quick neighborhood ride and before I got two blocks from my home my tires flattened. When I returned home I attempted to fill them with air but they flattened immediately. I took my bike to the Trek shop in Shadyside and expected to leave it there for a few days or more. One of the bike shop staff looked the tires and rims over, removed and tested the tubes and spent approximately 15 minutes trying to resolve the mystery. Although he could not find anything wrong with my bike I felt he spent a good deal of his time with me and when I asked how much to pay him he claimed there would be no charge, I have been a Trek fan for many years, this is my fourth bike, and I plan to continue to support this company and the shop in Shadyside. I highly recommend them.
5	best service in pittsburgh. brought road bike and MT bike in on seperate occasions. once for a tuneup and once just to tighten up a loose deraileur while i was riding about.  They fixed that issue on the spot no charge and i was on my way. called and emailed when my tune up was done (something i have found I have had to inquire about at other shops) and have had nothing but cool freindly conversations with staff. they are my go to guys
5	Now that bicycles cost as much as cars, the time has come for shops to provide the same level of service.  Trek of Pittsburgh definitely raises the bar.  This is a welcome relief to many other shops, in which some very hip people will inevitably steer you to a bicycle you don't need. I've purchased four bicycles from this place (two for myself and two for my kids) and have been happy with every one.  No experience was better than the one I recently had with my new road bike.  This bicycle replaced a prior Trek that was destroyed in a "car vs. bicycle" accident.  Trek of Pgh worked with Trek headquarters to source a replacement. They provided a very detailed "pre-buy" fit, which reduced the chances of any errors in the ordering process. Then they assembled and tested the bike, setting it up exactly as specified without any need to adjust a bolt.  Great shop and great service.
1	This bike place should help East Liberty and not ruin it. There in African American Community and there is no African American workers and the middle class community there in can't afford there prices. They should move to a different community where people have a lot of money. They had a chance to come to the real Shadyside. There was a place on walnut that was empty for years. Now it been remodel for a store where woman buy things. They had there chance. There screwed forever!!!!
1	I don't know why my review is funny?? It's the truth!!! They are in a African American community and they are not targeting the right people. Tell how is that funny please. Did I miss the inside joke of something. They are in East Liberty not Shadyside!! They did miss there chance to move to walnut street and that's a fact. So how am I funny? The truth hurts does it.
5	I came into Top Gear with a host of issues with my bike. Needed a new seat, new air and lights put on. Top gear did all of this and didn't charge me a dime. It's rare you have a place that helps you out and doesn't find a way to get money out of you. They are a real community oriented store and the employees are generous with their time. Can't see myself going anywhere else.
