4	I've tried to resist the lure of Lululemon for the past few years ever since my workout nut friend took me to one in England. Back then, I was way too fat to fit into their clothes. Now that I've become a bit of a gym rat myself, I realized my thin Old Navy crops and stained Under Armour shirts weren't cutting it anymore.The staff at the Chandler store were helpful in explaining the sizing and fit of their pants and tops. Items are arranged from loosest to tighest fit. They also let me know the store offers free hemming which I need being 5'2". Dressing room staff are always quick at retreiving different colors and sizes as needed.I am absolutely in love with all the items that I've bought at Lululemon. Of course, you need to LOVE what you buy because it's so expensive. So far I've gotten the cool racerback top, wunder under crops, ta-ta tamer and flow-y sports bras. The wunder unders feel and look amazing. The wide waistband makes them flattering, and it never does that annoying roll-down thing. The material is great at absorbing/wicking sweat and doesn't leave any embarassing marks. The racerback tops are long and stay in place doing yoga, spin, or running.I would recommend this store to anyone who worksout consistently several days a week. The clothes are an investment as a couple outfits could set you back hundreds of dollars. If you are just starting out, stick with Old Navy and Target.
4	I'm not the brand whore type, but if I was, I'd definitely shop here.I simply cannot bring myself to spend the equivalency of a plane ticket on a yoga outfit, but I hear time and time again that it's worth every penny, so I'll chip in with a gift card here and there to help ease the cost for friends that swear by it instead.I try and spread the Lulu love where I can simply because I love what they do, particularly in terms of offering free yoga. I've attended their outdoor Sunday yoga sessions (10 am) on more than one occasion and have loved it every time. Most of the others do it too, and I think it's such a super cool way to give back to the community. I encourage all to give it a try!
5	I can't get enough of these workout clothes - I could live in the Wunder Unders.  What's nice about these clothes is that they are built with the shape of a woman in mind.  You won't have to pull and tug at your clothes while in the gym to hide the muffin tops, these clothes do that for you and they stay put.  Their sports bras are reason alone for me to shop here - great support without giving me a uniboob look.    The staff at this location is friendly.  The store is immaculate.  The clothing is pricey side but if you find yourself spending a lot of time in workout clothes, they are well worth the dollah.
5	I don't consider myself cheap or frugal, but there are things I am willing to pay an arm and a leg for and things that I am not.I have no problem going to nordstrom and spending $200-300 on a pair of good jeans as long as they're something that I know will last, are figure flattering (yes, guys worry about that too) and are something that I will wear a lot.Now I consider myself athletic and active, but typically, workout wear is not something I have spent a lot of money on. I have a few Under Armour pieces, but those were gifts. The work out pieces I have purchased for myself are all from Target or Walmart.That is until now. I had been in lululemon a few times and never made a purchase. Recently, my boss at job #1 had started raving about their clothes and how you "get what you pay for". So I finally went in with the intent to buy rather than just look.I had just signed up for a three month pass to a yoga studio by where I live (Central Phoenix) and explained to the sales person that I wanted something loose and light weight that I could do yoga and run in. She shows me a specific style short and shirt and explains the "four way stretch", which I thought was a bunch of b.s. that they tell people to make them think their stuff is so great blah blah blah.Well, it is not b.s. and their stuff really is great. I bought the shorts ($68) and the shirt ($64) after trying them on. Wow! They are beyond comfortable. They move with you and stretch everywhich way you do. Its almost like wearing nothing at all.My favorite things about them is they don't bunch in the crotch when I run and I don't have to worry about mooning the person behind me in yoga. I'm sure whoever is behind me is also thankful for that!In addition to the great clothes, the customer service provided by all three associates was phenomenal,  She explained the sizing (I normally wear a large shirt and 33 shorts, I had to get an XL shirt and 36 shorts) and told me the washing instructions without me asking.lululemon customer for life!
5	Every time I entered the store whether I buy or browse, they are always courteous no matter what the occasion may be. The staff is very upbeat and courteous. I enjoy that every time my girlfriend or I enter the store the staff associate Kevin always remembers our name and/or the occasion. The clothes are very comfortable, durable and lasts a long time.  If the price wasn't too high I would purchase more, but it is suited for a specific target group so it's understandable.
5	Great store and employees! Had a hole and the mesh fabric was fraying. They let me do an exchange with no receipt and they were extremely nice. Great experience!
1	POORLY TRAINED STAFF AND SO NOT YOGA IN ATTITUDE. The women working here borderline on aggressive and speak way too loudly. .I purchased several pairs of pants online two of which I needed to return due to the inconsistent sizing of this brand (they can run very small). The representative handling my return had very poor customer service skills. She protested that it was past the return date (which it was actually much less than 14 days since receiving the items and the very same items were on display in the store). She repeatedly tried to refuse the return and lecture me about having the wrong forms and cards, even though I had handed her the the packing slip with the pants neatly folded inside their original plastic and my purchase card and id were placed t on the counter for her immediately upon her request. (I had to remind her three times that I did have all the items she requested to process a return even if I didn't know which card was used at the time). Her look and tone the whole time was "go away, you looser". The whole experience was horribly uncomfortable and unacceptable. After 10 minutes of going through this stress I told her that she making me uncomfortable at which time she said  it was only for my protection. What a completely dense and rude person! She should never have a job even at a discount shop. I don't understand how expensive stores accept this kind of person in their environment. They items are expensive and with this type of customer service there is no reason I will NEVER SHOP THERE AGAIN.
3	Expensive, but the running shorts I purchased here have become my favorite.. and when you find a great running short, it's well worth the cash.Staff is overly-attentive, which some people may like, but in my opinion it's freakin' annoying. The fitting room attendant asked: "how's everything coming" about once every 1.5 minutes. I didn't even have time to change into the next piece of clothing and form an opinion just as to "how everything was coming." By the time I was leaving the fitting room stall, I was about to tell her to shut up. Sometimes, a girl just wants to blow off some steam and shop in peace. I'm being harsh, I know, but if you're into that sort of thing, you'll love shopping here. Now that I'm familiar with what I like and my appropriate size, I'll probably just stick to online Lulu shopping.
5	The employees were SO helpful!!! I am obsessed with my Wunder under crops! Thee most comfortable work out pants EVER! I love the layout of the store, and how they do Yoga in store every Sunday morning!!! Everyone is so friendly at Lulu, and boy does my butt look amazing in these crops!!! If you do not own a pair of Lululemons, you are seriously missing out!!!
5	Great stuff, great fits.  Clothes last a long time!  If you are looking for great sportswear, this is the place you need to try some stuff on. Crystal who was helping us went out of her way to get us in great clothes.  A little more pricey than nike, but the fit and quality was worth it!
5	Went in the store more or less just to kill time. The sales associates were super friendly and were obviously passionate about their job. I had a great time working in the fitting rooms with Crystal! She wardrobed me from head to toe. She was great as putting different outfits together and was very friendly about getting me different sizes. I have a 10 month old baby and she even went and grabbed a basket of toys to distract my babe while my husband and I tried on. What a great experience! Thanks Crystal!
