1	I am not happy with this place, I would only go here because it was a wee bit cheaper than the other Laundrymat I frequent and it is a little closer to my house. However, while they do make efforts to keep it cleaned the place has not been remodeled since 1970 like a lot of places in Pittsburgh. The front loader machine all stink, newsflash if you own a front loader you need to run bleach water through it to clean it and also wipe out the front lip in the door area to care for mildew and mold. It is really not rocket science but they must not do it here because the machines stink, it is over crowded. Most dryers have broken or poor heating elements and they take a while to dry your clothing. I would not bother with the ones in the back at all if you needed to dry your clothes in 20 minutes or less. They close at 10pm but have a last load in by 8pm policy or sometimes depending on the mood of the staff that night. I have put a load in at 830 - 840 and they never bothered me. This is a stupid policy because the washers only run for 19-24 min max and driers 20-30 min so you can do 1-3 loads using high capacity washers and driers in under an hour you would just need to get out. Which I have always done. So tonight they told me no loads at 9pm. I understand this is their policy, but the busy factor on weekdays and weekends, gross factor of machines and crappy driers combined mean I won't be back. I cannot comment on their dry cleaning services, but the staff smoke all day and I wouldn't someone with tar all over their fingers touching my "clean clothes."
4	We've only gone here for wash; no dry cleaning.People always friendly and we've met quite the cast of characters here. So often, daughter finds Playmate's, but now usually we go to the plethora of nearby store:- pet store- booze store- KMart, which always has stuff on sale- Giant Eagle- fro yo storeNot the cleanest, but it depends on your threshold. We've yet to getdysintery or do anything else from here and, hey, what doesn't kill ya only makes you stronger, right?We got our washer from storage so will be coming here less, but look forward to coming for larger loads or whatever excuse we can make.
