4	I had breakfast here this morning, and it was really pretty good. The place was packed, as it's apparently quite popular with the family set. There were kids and grandmas and moms and whole flocks of people in clusters. It's huge inside, so it would definitely be a good place for groups. Four of us had breakfast for less than $30, so it's totally affordable. There's a gorgeous duck pond outside, so I'm excited for the next time my niece visits. We'll go there so she can feed her leftover biscuits to the black swans.Jonathan's also hosts frequent little shows, which definitely cater to an older (read: senior) crowd, but some of them look like they could be kind of fun. They have Blues Brothers impersonators and a Roy Orbison impersonator on a regular basis. I can only imagine th elaughs that would ensue from a few beers and a night of Roy Orbison impersonator hair.
4	Came here for dinner, but apparently this is the place to be for breakfast.  Need to try it out sometime and then update my review.  We were in the search for Italian food, but this place has a variety of Italian, Greek, and American food.  It was a bit eerily quiet for dinner on a Saturday night, but that just allowed our server to give us more attention.  This is the kind of place where you have regulars and the servers ask you about how your kids are doing (not that I have any).  Put very local and personal - a nice little addition to Matthews restaurants.The building itself is "off the beaten path" located near the Target in Matthews.  It has a strange set up - as if it was converted into a restaurant after the fact.  It seemed to be like a meeting hall or common space since you come in and there is a huge greeting area and front desk.  Since it was a slow night, only half of the dining room was being used - I can imagine the place going super crazy for breakfast on the weekends, but at least they have the extra space.
2	I went to Jonathan's last Saturday for breakfast based on reviews alone.  Wow... was I disappointed... the landscaping looked awful with duck and goose crap / trash by the adjoining pond. The restaurant interior is falling apart, the food was bland, and the service on par with Waffle House. How they got a 97 food inspection rating is a miracle or a payoff. And I am in my 50s and I felt young... it's sad to see a place not being taken care of to sueeze every dime it can.
4	How can I not be a fan when I eat here so much.  This used to be a Tryon House.  Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner!  This is a different kind of place, more like a comfortable diner.  Plenty of regulars like a neighborhood hangout the staff remember what I like and it is very relaxed, and Complimentary Soup!  You know where you are now!The Spaghetti with Meat sauce is what I usually get, with Turnip Greens instead of salad.  This is not fine dinning, though it is better flavor than most of the Charlotte area more expensive Italian Restaurants, though that is not saying a lot.  The sign does say Italian and they do have some Italian/Greek/Italian and Greek dishes, though I would consider it more of a diner and an easy 4 yelp stars all the way around, especially considering the price.
5	I must say, I am very impressed.  It is not a fancy smancy restaurant, but it is a good restaurant.  The food is excellent.  I met a friend here for lunch.  There was a total of five in our party.  We order fish, shrimp, jerk chicken, lasagna, carrot cake, lemon mereguine pie and apple pie.  The fist was lightly breaded, the jerk checken was not over powerfully seasoned and the chicken was tender and juicy.  The shrimp was the children's plate and the portion was very appropriate.  The desserts were very good.  Not too sweet and very large.  The restaurant is very clean, the service is excellent, and the food was good without being greasy.  The prices are extremely competitve.  I will definitely visit again, and I would recommend a friend.
3	Thought this was a church at first. The decor reminded me of a Greek restaurant in Detroit, but this is an Italian restaurant. Had breakfast & it was good. Duck/goose pond was a cool attraction. But where there are ducks/geese, there's poop! My lil girl enjoyed seeing the baby ducks tho.....P/S: HEY ALL YOU RESTAURANTS OUT THERE, PLEASE CONSIDER PUTTING A STEP STOOL AT THE SINK IN THE BATHROOM FOR THE LITTLE CUSTOMERS WHO NEED TO WASH THEIR HANDS TOO!  Thank you, a single mom of two.
5	All i want is a simple breakfast. Seems like a lot of resaurants out there have to have some kind of unique twist on breakfast and usually it tastes funky. this place is excellent simple idea perfect eggs everytime!
5	Great food and service as long I have been going there never I had a bad experience keep up the good work everybody
3	The wife and I checked out Jonathan's a couple weeks ago for dinner. We were excited to see that they serve breakfast all day. I do enjoy breakfast for dinner!! I ordered an omelet with a side of smoked sausage and hashbrowns with wheat toast. The western omelet was good sized but lacked flavor. The hashbrowns were very good. My wife said it reminded her of the ones you get a Waffle House. The smoked sausage was disappointing. I'm used to a little "snap" with my sausage but this one was almost mushy on the inside. My opinion on this place is they need to over hall the decor and bring it up to date or leave it and keep serving the retired folks. Still debating on whether to give it another shot. On a side note, if you're an Elvis fan, apparently the fan club meets here once or twice a month, so they have that going for them.
3	I haven't been here since this was a Tryon House - which admittedly was quite a while back. The place hasn't changed much on the outside, and the inside looks about the same as well. It is possible that even the menu and staff haven't changed much either.The line can also get a bit crazy at times - there seems to be one almost any time you go by the place, at least in the morning hours (for whatever reason, we don't get by the area much later in the day). Nothing wrong with that - we can use more breakfast places in the area.Service is generally friendly, without being overly in your face or leaving you wanting, which is a good thing. The menu, as dated as it may be, is fairly uninspiring. There isn't much here that you will be thinking about once you leave, but it's not bad either. Just a simple, solid menu that will typically fill you up and get you on your way.For those of you that do recall the Tryon House, this isn't it. Where you use to have food piled high (or wide, in the case of a few dishes), you'll come up a bit short. You won't have a problem getting full here, but you may not have quite as much to go as you used to get at the old place. Still not a bad deal if you just want some standard American fare without much surprise to the food or the bill.
3	Your average step-above-Waffle-House type of place. Yummy breakfast menu.
1	Wow ! I can't believe people think this is good breakfast food. (NOT) I travel a lot and trust me this food is lacking in taste! I had a Jonathan omelette and grits and it looked good on the plate but the omelette was just ok and the grits taste like they were instant and mushy and tasteless ! The biscuit was hard as rock! My advice is try somewhere else! You can do better at a waffle house!!
4	VERY large portions for dinner!  The food was good, more than we could finish comfortably with all the courses normally included ( soup, salad, entre').  Quality was good and atmosphere was comfortable.  A nice range of variety in the menu.  Will definitely be going back again.
