4	"Honey, can you stop at the grocery store and pick me up a loaf of bread and a sofa."  Seriously.  This store is crazy.  What is with Fry's anyway?  They run the gamut from "I need a surgical mask and gloves to shop here" to "I think I need to put on something nice to buy toilet paper."  This one is really nice.  It's like it's own shopping center with everything from indoor & outdoor furniture and accessories, toys, linens, appliances, and...oh yeah, food.  The grocery store at Marketplace (are all Marketplace's the same?) is so much nicer than at the regular Fry's stores.  Produce looks good, nice liquor selection, great deli with a wide variety of "heat and serve" entrees that are actually good, sushi, etc.  And if you need to pick up a few Christmas gifts after you grab your tampons, you're in luck.One star off because I actually pulled into a parking space that was reserved for pregnant women.  WTF!  They had sex and now they can't walk?
5	This Fry's makes me feel like I am at the Ritz Carlton's of grocery stores.  I feel this place is nicer than AJ's Fine Foods.  It's the same stuff and the same prices as other Fry's just in "palace" mode.  Really clean, lots of variety.  Great deli, bakery, meat, seafood sections.  They even make their own sushi.  A rainbow roll is only $7 which is nice.  The wine selection is phenomenal.  They even have someone to help you.The employees are friendly and helpful which I find hard to come by these days.  I have 5 markets in a 2 mile radius and I've decided to drive 10 miles out of my way to come here.  Kudos!
4	Best Fry's in Arizona! I love shopping here. Everything is nice and clean and the prices are great especially if you have their V.I.P. card. Their staff is friendly without being fake and I love the layout of the store. After recently moving, I go out of my way to shop here.
4	The staff is friendly and helpful. It's all about good prices and customer service with me and Fry's has both. I will shop there again when I'm in Scottsdale.
4	This is a really nice fry's. Their bakery is actually better than most of their other locations.
5	This is a Fry's?! Yes, believe it or not, this is in fact a Fry's and not an AJ's or other gourmet marketplace. Now this is what you call a grocery store and one I could get used to shopping at. Sadly though, I don't live close enough to justify gas and mileage to use this regularly, but when I am in this area, I know exactly where to go. My first encounter with the Fry's was the floral. Maybe it's the desire to have a backyard to actually give me the excuse to plant flowers, but I love any sort of plant or flower lately, and especially those in pots. There are tons of them as you walk in, pots and plants of every shape and size. Then through the doors, there are rows and rows of gorgeous flowers of every need. Straight ahead, I found a full coffee shop equipped with a seating area and one you could actually sit and work at. The coffee shop had a wide variety of beverages and muffins. The store itself houses the best of the best, but with Fry's prices which is fabulous. If you live in the area of any Fry's Signatures, it's a must you shop there.
5	Wow! This is quite a Fry's store! I a had no idea there was this many different kinds of food. The service is unbelievable - more helpful than any grocery store I have ever been in!
4	it is beautiful in here. nothing like our local fry's. very large, spacious, and looks like a high end supermarket. very warm, and cozy if that can be used to describe a supermarket. they entry is always packed with a beautiful setting of plants and seasonal items. their alcohol department is enormous!i come here for a quick pick up after work if we need a milk or bananas. if i'm lucky, they're handing out sushi and i usually eat 4 or 5 because i'm starving all the time. very pretty store.
5	Holy grocery store! I don't even know if the term grocery store can be applied to this Fry's. Imagine Target, Costco, AJ's, Fry's, Walgreens and Whole Foods all piled into one overwhelming massive store. This is what you get in this Fry's Signature. They have a home electronics section (with flat screens for sale), rows and rows of DVDs for sale and a home furniture section with an entire area full of couches, recliners, kitchen furniture and really anything you need to furnish your home. They have a deli with seafood, fresh cuts of meat, freshly made sandwiches and rows and rows of pre-made food that's perfect for an individual meal. They have a huge floral department where the little flower elves will create (or have created) any type of floral arrangement imaginable and they also sell all the indoor or outdoor pots and vases you will need to go with it. Let's see what's next. They have a massive pharmacy area with every bath product out there and any medical items you'd ever need. They have rows and rows of food and they carry the brand Graters which used to only be sold in its home town of Cincinnati. They also have Tully's coffee which serves some very delicious cup o' joe! Everything is clean, classy and very resonantly priced as well. This store becomes overwhelming very quickly but if you focus on your list, you'll get through it. Or you can be like me and go with the flow! If you are ever near a Fry's Signature, make sure you step foot inside because chances are, you've never been anywhere like it.
5	I finally made it here yesterday for the first time in forever, and boy, did I miss it.  This is one of Fry's signature stores, and it is awesome!  They have EVERYTHING!The store itself is huge, and has a ton of in house services.  They have a seamstress with a dry cleaners, a coldstone creamery, starbucks and a bunch of other stuff here too.  Full wine section, sushi bar, kosher section, electronics, FULL deli, and so much more.I love the full service stores because it makes grocery shopping fun.  TONS of selection, prepared foods, and so many options.  It dwarfs "normal" non signature stores because its got a ton more stuff.  I find that I am more productive with my grocery shopping here because after seeing everything they have, I get better ideas of what to make, cook and do at home.Come shopping here just once, and you will see just how awesome this place is.
5	UNBELIEVABLE! Love this place! It's literally like a play ground for foodies! They have anything and everything you could want and the food is so fresh and delicious! Great wine selection, cheese selection and awesome service! Not to mention the cinnamon yogurt pretzels I am obsessed with! YUM!
5	I love coming to this Fry's, it is always so clean. Their customer service people know what they are talking about, and they know where everything is. Its also easy to find an employee when i have question, i don't have to go hunting around to find someone. I love this Fry's!
1	Fry's, what's wrong with you?I heard a news report you laid-off your greeters last week, sending them packing. Shame on you.The reporter explained how these people were part time, stating they would each receive a 200 dollar severance package and presumably, a goodbye card from HR. What a nice sendoff. A card signed by a gaggle of the victim's co-worker's, most of whom they probably never even knew. Well that's generous of you. Did it ever occur to you that maybe you didn't need to lose the greeter but instead lose the idiot whom, while I'm trying to shop in a four foot wide aisle comes waltzing down the aisle with a three foot wide dust-mop making me squeeze to the side, hoping like hell I don't knock something made of glass and full of liquid off the shelf?I know you don't care what I have to say, but I can pretty much guarantee that most people would much rather have a smiling face hand them a shopping cart free from toddler spittle (or vomit, tears, diaper leakage or any other human exfoliation) than they would having some non-smiling buffoon mindlessly cruise the aisles with his 'get the fuck outa my way' broom and Ipod earphones.I hate sounding cliche, but I'm just sayin.Bonehead move, Fry's.
5	Fry's is one of the Kroger brand stores and it is clearly their best.Every so often, we will pick up a few bottles of wine and grab one of those ecological friendly bags.  I took the time recently and noticed that they have printed all the Kroger stores on it's side.  Clearly someone in Kroger HQ was thinking beyond their area.  Realizing, that having one bag for all their stores, would save money and promote brand awareness.  Well, it did.Turkey Hill, Smith's, Ralph's, QFC, Fred Meyer, Payless, City Market and Fry's.  These are all of the Kroger stores we've been lucky to shop in over several relocations, and they're all very good individually.  Fry's and this store in particular, seems to be the best!  In the short five years we've been in Arizona, this store has had several updates. The books and magazine area was updated four years ago and then again recently. Same thing for the convenience food.  Three times in five years.  Now, they have a wine tasting, sushi maker on hand, bar area -- which is always packed!  At least a dozen shoppers watching a flat screen TV, drinking wine and eating some personally made sushi and pot stickers.  WOW!This would all be a sidebar, if their prices weren't competitive.  And how do I know their competitive?  Because mammoth Walmarts is now airing TV commercials against Fry's and saying theirs prices are lower.  Incredible!  Who ever heard of Walmarts airing commercial against one competitor!  One competitor. Think about it for a moment.  As our YCM Lindsey F wrote fourteen months ago: "Holy grocery store! I don't even know if the term grocery store can be applied to this Fry's. Imagine Target, Costco, AJ's, Fry's, Walgreens and Whole Foods all piled into one overwhelming massive store."  Our family agrees and we haven't even mentioned their $0.10 off a gallon of gas/diesel tie-in with Circle K or Shell.  So, why shop anywhere else?A shout-out to Jeff in Bakery, Donnie in Checkout and Gloria in Deli.  They are friendly, helpful and willing to go out of their way to get you whatever you want!  Did I mention their great customer service?Okay, I'm a Fan!  And, this is: "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"  Five Stars.
5	Honestly, I might go broke if I lived within the general vicinity of this mecca of grocery stores.... This is the creme de le creme of Fry's, hands down the best single grocery store in all of Metro Phoenix.~What To Do~Way too much. First you can shop for pretty much any specific grocery need you can think of. They have a Coldstone inside....yes, Coldstone. They have a coffee shop, a car rental counter, a valet.... they also have a cigar/wine bar which specializes in wine flights...and a top flight sushi station. *gasps for breath*~The Good~Oh, there is so much good. This place is stocked to the gills with extras that we can only dream of at other locations. Their specialty bread area, with artisan breads is surprising. The wine bar looks nice, although I haven't personally tried it myself. Its hard to explain this spot, other than it is a Fry's on steroids. The food is a bit nicer, and each aisle or section has different higher end items that you just don't see elsewhere. This is Fry's answer to Whole Foods and Sprouts, yet at a Costco size level. You simply must go... like Nike, Just Do It.~The Bad~WELL..... If you need a scooter, your battery might run out trying to see everything (I'm sorry about that God, that was my bad). If you loathe walking, in other words, then do not go here... All joking aside, the only negative I see is the location. It serious just plays directly to its clientele, upper class Scottsdalians (or w/e you call them, haha). People like myself in Central Phoenix and he surrounding cities are left in the dust, and its completely out of the question thinking about driving to shop here. Ha ha, no way. That's my biggest issue, just simply the fact that they placed this so far away from the other cities... meh..~The Down Low~Despite the location issue, this place is too great to lose even a half a star. There is too much good stuff.  5 stars for the typical good service, large selection, additional never-before-seen amenities, and the comparability of service to that of higher-end grocery chains. This place steps its game way up. Scottsdale, you are lucky!!!!!!!!
4	I was impressed with this place - it is the signature. Still tons of old timers tho...
5	This Fry's is my stop for my everyday needs. I feel they have great selection and great prices. Plus you can stop in and have a beer. I like this place a lot. Keep it up Fry's!!
4	I've been to this Fry's twice now and each time I feel like I've entered a delightful culinary labyrinth. I took my husband once and had to warn him not to be in shock/awe but the second we got inside he stopped dead and told me he was in sensory overload. This place is THAT large. There's a sushi bar, a salad bar, a hot food bar, etc. The list goes on and on. There is so much to see and definitely makes me want to spend more time and money than I planned! The one downside is that they do not have furniture like that other fancy Fry's Marketplace on Tatum/Shea. There is some outdoor patio furniture when you walk in, but not much. Otherwise, this place has all your food needs at great prices. I would definitely recommend this place - but only if you've got the time. It's like Ikea, you come for one thing but wander for hours.
5	Faaaaaaancy lol. I really like this frys. It has a bar!  I wish there was something like this on my side of town. That will probably never happen. I am happy with marketplace. I bet I missed a lot more things here since I was in shock and awe. Well I really enjoyed the experience. If I am out this way again yes I will VIP it all over this store. With a buzz.
3	Fish bones in my sushi, ick! Chew carefully. ..Also, if coming on your lunch break, they have great lunch deals! The main problem that I have since I pretty much come here everyday, is there is NO PLACE TO SIT! There is a designated eating area, with tables, couches, you name it . . . but everyday the retirement home ladies set up camp at all the tables and play board games. I find this very rude because they aren't even fry's customers. they did not buy a thing, yet they are taking up all the space. Not to sound like a completely rude child, but they gotta go. I need to eat my lunch and not outside.
5	We don't shop here very often as we have a grocery store close to home.  But it was close to where we were (tavern grill) and needed,  believe it or not, a DVD player. Neither of us could find our Frys card and the wonderful checkout clerk Jayne asked a regular customer if we could use her number!  What a win/win!  We got the discount and the regular got a $100 added to her card!  We will stop there more often for sure!
5	Wow! First time here and I just cannot believe what I saw.This place is amazing! You may never have to go anywhere again to shop but here.A huge and beautiful store in every way.Food store is just the beginning. They also have a Bank, a coin star, a Pharmacy. Yes you say most stores do. However, the story gets bigger.They have every type of food item you could ever want including those that are ready to eat. An entire Electroinic store right inside, as well as a redbox if you just want to rent a movie. Starbucks, or and I almost forgot they have a Car rental place inside as well.It is like something from the future.You honestly have to see this place to believe it!When folks come to town from back East to Visit, I am putting this on my list of things to see.You can even buy furniture here as well.
5	I look forward to shopping at Fry's when I am in Scottsdale.  The staff is super friendly, I love having a Starbucks inside the store and the free Wi-Fi in the lounge area.  The store is super clean and beautifully decorated.
1	Don't make your customers walk to the back of the store to get your own brand of water! Fry's in Phoenix puts plenty of water cases in the front of the store! It's a DESERT!!
5	fry's on thomas has a personable staff. joey is especially conscientious and takes care of business. peggy is a hard worker, as wella great store to shop.
4	When in Scottsdale we do most of our shopping here. It isn't the greatest store ever but does have a good selection of almost anything you might want. We go mostly for the food: meat department is good, lots of dairy, plenty of frozen and refrigerated meat and cheese, produce covers a lot of space but selection sometimes lacking, and so on: deli, sushi, bakery, seafood market, lots to choose from. There is a big selection of beer, wine and liquor. The pharmacy is a local favorite I am told. There are plenty of cleaning, hardware, paper products. Quality isn't always great: in the past we have seen spoiled produce disguised with good around it, tonight old flowers were disguised by newer flowers but we continue to patronize and don't discourage others from doing so.
4	I can't help it but as far as grocery stores go I just love Fryes. It's so clean and has such a great selection.
5	I love shopping at Fry's, especially this one because the prices are right, it has so many events that help the customers to save money, and the nicest staff members ever. I'm a couponer, and not many stores are as couponer friendly as Fry's. I feel very comfortable everytime I shop there. It takes me literally two minutes to drive to Safeway while it takes 15 minutes to Fry's but I 100% refer Fry's. Also, Fry's online customer service is very good. Last time I emailed them about my v.i.p card, a staff named Randall emailed me back and professionally helped me right away. Thanks you so much for being such a great store
4	This supermarket has everything---florist, rent-a car, bank, post office branch, pharmacy, books/library corner, and a great lounge area for patrons.  I see people playing Ma-Jong and other games there.  I am particularly impressed by the fact that they have lowered their produce pricing to be more competitive with other merchants (e.g. Sprouts).  Now I am buying more of my produce at Fry's.  If they bring every produce item down to a competitive price, I will buy everything at Fry's and not have to make different stops to get the best buys.  Manager, are you reading this?????
5	I love this grocery store, they have everything. They have a fantastic alcohol and cheese selection. Great sushi made fresh and tons of pre made items in their deli area. Great for lunch. AND THERE IS A COLDSTONE CREAMERY IN THE FRONT, can't get much better than that.
5	one of the best grocery stores. they literally have everything its amazing.
4	I feel like since I practically live at this Fry's (it's about .7 seconds away from home), I should probably put in my two cents.I'll echo the majority of the reviews: This place has everything. (" Ice sculptures, winos, Germfs - German smurfs - a Teddy Ruxpin wearing mascara, an old lady wearing Kid 'N Play hair, and none other than DJ Baby Bok Choy.") So much so that if I didn't come here so much, I think I might get overwhelmed at where to find anything.Produce prices are pretty much the best around, except for Sprouts. Nobody can beat Sprouts' produce selection (which surprised me too, until I started actively comparing). But to factor in convenience of having literally everything else on earth in the same location, I come here the majority of the time.There IS a reason why they lose a star. They just can't seem to get a 100% grip on their bulk section. They FINALLY invested in nice Ziplock bags (it was hit or miss on what type of bag you'd find in there...one time I found a pile of plastic produce bags laying there.) and FOR NOW they've set Sharpies up to write out the PLU number on the bags, but they seem to go missing. Every so often they revert to these terri-bad charcoal pencils where you unwrap thread from around the point to write. I've also constantly run into them being completely out of the two main staples I get in bulk: raw almonds and quinoa. If they could perfect the bulk/"natural" section, they'd get 5 stars. But they'll get my money regardless, since they're so close. So I guess Fry's wins this battle.
