1	There is a hierarchy of greasiness among CU pizza places. I never thought Antonio's would be beaten. Unfortunately, Rosati's has managed the feat. I realize it's a new place, but the pizza by the slice is greasy enough to detract from any deliciousness. I thought I'd try their other dishes to give them another chance, but they weren't much better. Salads are made of the cheapest greens, the marinara sauce was watery and over-acidic...and horrors of horrors the garlic bread was both devoid of garlic and had a lovely microwave-petrified texture. I won't go here again.
2	The pizza by the slice is bad if you ask me, very thick, and consisting mostly of blandish sourdough -like crust. Like a flat loaf of white bread with prego and some melted string cheese. The italian beef ain't bad but it's not exactly spicy either - Dom's is currently my pick to click considering the sad state of italian beef in champaign.
4	I'm not familiar with Chicago-styled pizza.. but whatever the case, I love the warm carby and cheesy feel of Rosati's pizza in my mouth. They give an unusually amount of cheese that I can feel my arteries clogging, but I'm not complaining! I think overall it deserves more credit than it's gotten! They seem to have a decent pasta entree menu too!
1	The best word I could use to describe my experience is probably "disappointed." I ordered off the EatCU website and it took over an hour from the time my order placed for it to arrive. My fettucini was cold and not very satisfying, decent tasting though, I suppose. The garlic breadstick was hard and also cold. The "salad" was a plastic box of lettuce and a thin slice of cucumber, dressing on the side. My friend's burger did not come with the lettuce, tomato, and mayo as described in the menu. Luckily though, I had a box of lettuce to spare and some ketchup packets. In Urbana-Champaign, restaurants like Rosati's PIzza are a dime a dozen so I definitely will not be ordering from here again.
3	Feel as though this place was between three and four stars.  The hungry housemates and I had a coupon for a free 12 inch pizza with purchase of any extra large 'za.With a 5 buck contribution from each, we had an X-large veggie with the free cheese pie.  The double thick crust on the veggie was not noticeably  thicker than the thin crust on cheese.Cheese pizza was better, somehow.  Veggie tolerable, with all fresh toppings, but one housemate emphatically stated the cheese was the best plain pie she'd ever had.Not the best ever, but completely serviceable.  Quick delivery for a Sat evening.
4	We can work long hours at my office, and there are lots of nights where we are hungry and cranky and need food NOW. Our Champaign native suggested Rosati's and we've ordered from there a few times. I really like the freshness of the ingredients, though there often is a bit too much cheese for me. The sauce is nice and thick and garlicky which I loved as well. Sadly, Rosati's is really expensive for Champaign, which makes it difficult to order often for us poor grad students, but it is really good. I'd almost hazard to say it's better than Papadel's. Blasphemy, I know.
4	Don't pick this place for the middle-o-road decent cheap pizza.  Was craving lasagna and gave Rosati's a shot.OM Gobz super yum.  Takes them up another star just for that alone!  The bread stick and box of iceberg with one slice of cuke were kinda lame sauce.  But enough lasagna for 2 meals at my appetite level.Their delivery has been always quick and reliable.
3	After a year long hiatus because of some pizza that I had catered that tasted bland, I decided to try Rosati's again. This should go without saying but I've started using EatCU lately and they've got some pretty good deals for the food here. I got The EatCU daily steal with ten bucks of food for $5.. I was planning on getting something delivered but the gift card had to be used in-store so I decided to get lunch there with a friend today and I'm so glad I did. The ambience is great! I ordered a lasagna which, as the others commenters all agree, is more than good enough for one serving. The salad sucked and the breadsticks were ok but the lasagna made up for more than the flaws. My friend got a vegan pizza and they were more than accommodating with the preparation and it looked great. I would warn you that it seems like the workers like to leave right on time though because I came here at 10:59 last night and they said they were closed. Fortunately Merry Ann's on the corner is open 24/7!
5	Great Chicago pizza, now available in champaign.  Thin and thick crust are outstanding.
5	I am shocked by all the mediocre reviews for Rosati's so I had to chime in.  I love pizza, I've eaten at every pizza place in Champaign, Chicago, the suburbs, you name it- as far as the C-U goes, this is best you can get.  I am only speaking to the thin crust though, I've never had the deep dish.  I have had it delvered and picked up and it is always a pleasure to deal with the people there.  The last time they had a mix up and I had to wait an extra five minutes for my pizza.  The manager came out and apologized profusely, offered to have it delivered to me and gave me a coupon for a free pizza.  On top of that, the guy who messed up the order came out and personally apologized.  You can't beat the service in my mind. The pizza is true Chicago thin crust, cracker crust, good sweet sauce, and tons of cheese. Some of the other reviews didn't like the amount of cheese, but I think its perfect.Definitely give the place a try, you won't be disappointed.
3	definitely mediocre.. This is the place I turn to around this area to replace my cravings for pizza, more specifically the Lou Malnati's deep dish.I only order on Mondays for the 50% off pizzas which makes it pretty legit. If you're not looking for high end taste but just a generally good pizza experience, it's the place to go.SO my story is that I go on Mondays, get a large pizza for 50% off, and just eat it for all my meals which last me til Wednesday. ~12-18$ for 3 days of meals isn't so bad. . . especially if I get sick of it by the last slice.Promptness is average. sometimes it runs longer though. I'd give it an extra 10-15 min after the estimated time.
4	I tried Rosati's for the first time yesterday. They have a 1/2 OFF ON TUESDAYS deal so I thought why not? I was not expecting much, after all this is Champaign-Urbana! I must say though that I was pleasantly surprised.I am a lover of thin crust and their Pepperoni Classic was very tasty. Mushrooms, gooey cheese, great crust,yummy sauce...what more do you need? Not bad at all for Champaign-Urbana! They are located on campus but it's summer now so it's completely void of c-brats. Lovely!!
2	They have good pizza deals but the pizza is okay but what really disappointed was the italian beef. The sandwich was too small for the price they charged, which is unfortunate because it have pretty good flavor. The sauce on the pizza is bland as well and beside the crust everyone knows the sauce makes the pizza.
2	First of all, I freely admit that I am a huge Papa Del's fan.  However, I'm always in search of other great Chicago-style pizza in the Chambana area as well, so I decided to give Rosati's a try after reading some decent reviews and seeing a few pictures of their deep-dish pizzas online.  Unfortunately, my Rosati's experience was mostly disappointing.  First, my friend and I arrived at the restaurant and ordered a medium deep dish pizza and two drinks for dine in (about $20 in total).  We were then given cheap Styrofoam cups, paper/plastic plates, and plastic utensils.  I'm sorry, but if Rosati's is going to offer a dine in service, they should at least provide better quality utensils, glasses, plates, etc. (especially since deep dish pizza is very messy and can be hard to cut- even with proper silverwear).About 40 minutes later, our pizza was brought out to our table.  The wait time wasn't really an issue- I'm used to that from Papa Del's.  Great Chicago style pizza takes time to make... unfortunately the pizza we received from Rosati's was less than great.  In fact, it was probably the greasiest pizza I have ever attempted to eat.  Also, the cheese and sauce both had an artificial taste (reminded me a bit of Pizza Hut- aka far from 'natural'-tasting ingredients).  The best thing the pizza had going for it was the crust- which was comparable to Papa Del's and traditional Chicago-style pizza in general.  However, that wasn't enough to save it from the grease overload and artificial taste that made my friend and I give up after eating one piece each.So yeah, Rosati's was not for me.  If you decide to give it a try, I wouldn't recommend dining in due to the poor quality utensils (though the dining environment itself is alright).  When it comes to the pizza itself, expect A LOT of grease and a taste that doesn't quite match real Chicago-style pizza (though the crust is close).
2	Pizza was nasty, soggy, floppy, oily.
5	The best stuffed pizza in town!This place has a giant menu, and I've tried some of the random things on it, but really it only has to have two things:1. Their slice special (different type of pizza every day of the week.  For example Tuesdays and Fridays are Meatza).  You get a slice of pizza and a drink for $5.2. Their stuffed pizza.  Don't make the mistake of getting the "Chicago Style Deep Dish" pizza.  It's not the slice of heaven that you are looking for.   "Stuffed" is the name they give to their real Chicago style delight.I think it is hands down the best in this town.  The only downside is that it is almost twice as expensive as Amano's, but if you are trying to impress someone, Amano's just won't do.The other stuff on the menu is ok.  Some of it is interesting (their stuffed cheeseburgers are rather unique), but it's all standard fare things.For those who have visited other Rosati's, this place is probably different than the others.  For example, the one in Bloomington, IL is a sit-down restaurant, where you tip the server.  The one in Normal, IL is a to go only shop.  This is squarely in the middle.  They have a fairly large seating area, but there's no service provided.  They give you paper cups/plates, and you get your own drinks.  If you need anything else, you have to go up to the counter and ask for it.The TVs at this place aren't huge, but if you go during a Cubs game or Bears game, they're always tuned to that station, and the sound is turned on.  It's a pretty nice spot to watch part of a game and eat a bit of pizza.  The pictures on the walls are mostly Chicago landmarks, and really add to the feel.  I've never lived in the Chicago area, but for those who are from that area, this will definitely make you feel a bit like you are home.
1	Took me 1 hour to get a fish sandwich(they told me it would only take 20 minutes) ridiculous!!!!!!!
1	Pizza below average, service and management bad.Ordered a thin crust sausage pizza and the flavor was lackluster to say the least. The dough did not seem as if it was cooked all the way. The sausage was alright, but the chewy dough didn't help the overall flavor. Also, when I bit down into my pizza, I bit into a piece of plastic. I informed the girl at the register about this plastic, and her response was just "i'm sorry". Not getting the manager and no show of concern. The overall lack of concern regarding that fact that I just bit into a large (about 2 square inch) piece of plastic perplexed me. I am usually a Rosati's fan, but not of this location.
5	Best thin crust pizza in this area. There are several pizza places near campus but this one is the closest place that has good chicago pizza and it reminds me of pizza back home (near chicago)
4	Tasty pizza. Great selection on their menu with a ton of diversity ranging from wings to pasta to salads and pizza. Their best pizza is their thin crust. If you want deep dish go with Papa Dels. Boneless wings are quite tasty. They're high quality chicken and you get a lot for your $. Delivery is prompt (even tho they will say it takes 1 hour) usually around 30 minutes. Nice place to eat-in at and good for groups. Try this out if you are looking for a solid food spot with tasty grub!
4	i love their garlic bread and salad, so fresh. It is also good for catering.  We order it for group of 20!people . Most are very happy with it
2	This review is not for pizza! Usually their whole pizza is decent from what I've had back home in the suburbs, but I stopped by for lunch to try a chicken wrap and change things up.I decided on the buffalo chicken wrap and I was very disappointed with it. It had chicken, cheese, lettuce tomato and buffalo sauce on it, but the menu said it came with ranch... not that I don't like buffalo sauce, but somebody goofed up in the kitchen or on the menu on that.The buffalo sauce that was on there drenched everything. It might have been OK if the sauce itself was halfway decent, but it was overpowering and really salty. There was a fair amount of chicken and it was just OK.The thing that turned me off the most was the price. After tax, my wrap was over $8. $8!! It was definitely not worth it based on quantity, quality or taste and I probably should have gotten a slice of pizza instead.Overall I don't recommend anything that isn't pizza or maybe pasta, it all looks way overpriced! Be safe and just order a whole, fresh pizza..
