4	Excellent menu. The black and bleu burger was good, sweet potato fries are excellent!The server was slightly inexperienced and a little bit slow but not bad at all. Going from "good" to "Great" service would make this a five star location. They have a good kids menu, and the burgers and sandwiches have a variety of buns and bread available. Even the regular fries were good they were prepared with the salt. A bunch of little details make this a good experience
5	Went there for the first half of the USC-ND game on 10/19/13. We could not have been more warmly welcomed in Badger Country! Food and drink was excellent. Owner took time out on a busy Saturday night to talk with us. We will be back when we are in Madison.
5	WOW. All I have to say is for AMAZING and high quality bar food, stop here. We got a few things, one being the chicken nachos. I have never in my life tasted something as good. I went in expecting poor quality bar food. We know some of the servers (real great guys) and we were going for support. But will be going back for the amazing food. We were advised the chef there takes the menu really seriously. Everything is handmade with lots of thought into the dishes. I can't wait to go back.
3	Literally found this place by accident while searching for Thai Noodle. Dudes - get some signage on that building!- Funky parking lot; huge snow banks in front of business make it difficult to determine entrance+ Tons of parking in said funky lot, even with aforementioned snow banks+ Long bar, plenty of seats+ Numerous high top tables, all six seaters+ "Dining" area seating near back of establishment in a cool little nook-like area+ High ceilings lend to an open, airy feel+ Numerous flat screen televisions make for easy game/event watching+ Decent sound system- A bit noisy - even with a minimal crowd, it was difficult to chat comfortably+ Decent tap list, reasonable prices- "Master tap list" is on chalk board that isn't anywhere near the bar; it's located behind you+ Bartenders were friendly and fairly attentive+ Fellow patrons struck-up small talk; were easy to hang around with+ Has a nice looking stage with what appears to be a house band set-up+ Food looked decent; we didn't have anything to eat. Maybe next time.I could see myself returning to try more of this place. It has a cool feel to it; time will tell...
5	Food and menu choices were excellent and very reasonable. The 3 times I have been there when it was busy, the service was over the top fast and friendly. I will go back, period.
4	Food and drink was great. Service was good. Dart league? Right by the door and our barstools. Super unfriendly and awkward.
1	The waitress and/or the kitchen screwed up both our orders on a slow Saturday afternoon. When I said I just wanted to pay my check and go, they were telling me they had a corrected order ready for me. How do you cook a new burger in 5 minutes? Never going back.
4	I've been there on Monday nights for a few weeks in a row for 105.5 Triple M's Project M, and I love the atmosphere. Nice stage for live music. Plenty of TV's. Staff is very friendly. Delicious sweet potato fries!
3	This place used to be Namios.  The menu hasn't changed.  The food is decent, but it's nothing spectacular.When Funks took over, they did some remodeling and added a stage. There is often live music which is fun.  They seem to draw in a lot more people than Namios brought in. There are lots of tables, and plenty of space for a big group. There is also a long bar with plenty of seating.  TVs are everywhere, so you can watch whatever game is on.
3	This was place was ok.  The waitress was great but the patrons are rather trashy which is what turned me off to this place.
5	The serving staff and bartenders are very friendly and attentive.  Good selection of taps and good selection of TVs if you are watching a game.  I enjoyed sitting out on the patio and having a few drinks on a summer day.  The menu is good bar food and sandwiches.  SO MUCH BETTER THAN NAMIOS!
5	Love coming here on game days! Good food  and great staff!! I would recommend this place!
4	I decided to try Funk's for a quick burger to go.   My partner also ordered.   I had the black and blue and she had the Mexicali Jack.The meat was excellent and with very good flavor.   Plenty of toppings and a really nice bun.   The MJ was same and we were both happy with them.The atmosphere inside was pleasant. There were about 20 people inside so it wasn't crowded at all.   Bartender was pleasant as well.   I will be back.  Park in the back there are entrances on the side and in back.  Plenty of parking space.
