5	Peter Piper is Arizona's family oriented pizza chain. Most people think the pizza is complete garbage and often describe it as cardboard, but I think it's just plain great.
1	Oh man ... this is NOT good pizza ... it's CHEAP and they usually have an all you can eat lunch buffet but the 'za is about as good as Little Caesar's Pizza (i.e. "not so much")
2	= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR PETER PIPER'S WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =I received an "All you can eat for $3.99" coupon in the mail for this place, & that was enough to vacuum me in to try it for lunch today.  I found it to be clean, friendly, & reasonably comfortable, with booths along two sides & glare-free lighting.There was a choice of 3 ok pre-tossed salads, real plates (I don't like picnic plates in a restaurant!), & good, sturdy plastic tableware.  Then it was on to the pizza, though.  Uh-oh.    :-OThis place has their heart in the right place, & the prices are certainly great, but the pizza is so blah I just don't think it's worth bothering with.
4	While I appreciate the craftsmanship of places like Humble Pie and Parlor, I've been coming back to Peter Piper for over 30 years. I think the blend of cheese on the New York Three Cheese pizza is excellent. I'll get the grandkids a large pepperoni, and I'll savor the Three Cheese for myself.I prefer the 7th and Osborn PPP because they still have the old-school rotating oven, which I think produces a better pizza than the newer chain-drive ovens that pull the pizza through the oven with no human intervention. I like watching the pizza makers slide the oven door down and pop down the bubbles in the crust as the pizza cooks. Just like Chef Bianco!When my wife got the sex ed talk from her mom, she was told that "sex was something you have to do to be married." She has no use for Peter Piper, and tells me that "Peter Piper is something she has to do to be married." Well, tit for tat: I have to go to her grandniece's awful birthday parties in Anthem, so she gets to dine at Peter Piper from time to time.I'm docking it one star because of their crappy selection of cheap beer.
3	Great place for the kids to hang out, eat some cheap pizza and play some games.
5	People think I'm crazy when I say PPP is my favorite pizza. No lie... I love this place! Cheap and delicious.
5	This location is probably the best one when it comes to pizza crust...I like my PPP with a crispity, crunchity crust...This is where you get it.
5	I've been coming to this location for over a year and it's mostly for my kids however the pizza is really good! Prices aren't bad and it's nice to eat and let my kids run around. We always leave happy and I highly recommend this PPP to anyone looking for a family friendly restaurant.
4	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Peter Piper's pizza has improved so much since I last reviewed this location over 3 years ago!  All the good from before is still here...  clean dining room & rest room, friendly service, LOW Buffet price (now $5.49), real Melmac plates to eat on, not paper or styrofoam, plus good, sturdy plastic tableware.It's still 3 tossed salads to help yourself to, & today it was "Apple Harvest" as well as Caesar & Garden Ranch.  All were good.The hot table was featuring 12 pizzas during each of my trips up to it, plus bread sticks.  The meat pizzas had plenty of meat (YAY MEAT!), & the veggie & cheese only ones were good too.  My chosen slices included both thick & thin crust topped with various combinations of cheese, Italian Sausage, Pepperoni, mushrooms, olives, bell peppers, red onions & more.  I also enjoyed a thin slice that just had LOTS of tasty cheese on it.On my second trip up to the serving area for more, there were somewhat different pizza varieties to select from.This was a great Buffet for the money, & this location earned two more Stars this time than it did back in 2010!     :-))
3	Pizza and salad were very good. I've never been to this location before so I was surprised that it was just a giant room. The restaurant was clean and the service was good. I will be going back to this PPP for more work pizza parties!
4	They say good things come in small packages. Well this has to be the smallest Peter Piper that I've been to yet. What I really like about this place is that they actually have pizzas lined up and ready to eat.  A fair share of Triple P's aren't ready for the 11:30 lunch crowd and hardly have any pizzas available. I chalk that up to poor management. They're usually too busy making pizzas for the carry out crowd instead of the dining room. This place is the exception and seems to be managed correctly.Another thing that is very cool about this location is that they give you one of those flashing buzzers when your customized pizza is ready to go. So you don't look like an ass when you're cutting in line to get your special order. I hate when I order a pizza and it's half way eaten by the time I get up there.As far the taste, of course Peter Piper is an average tasting product but it's a cheap lunch. The only thing is that this place can get pretty crowed since it has a relatively small dining room. But they do have plenty of parking.
