5	Excellent location, great service, friendly staff, and some of the best baked goods I've had!
4	Love the atmosphere and coffee. Omelette veggies were undercooked but still fresh. Look forward to trying the desserts, huge selection. Free wifi??? Picking up an xfinity signal but it does not appear that Bartram has their own. Disappointing for a cafe as I would probably frequent it more often if it had wifi.
4	Their dessert/pastry marketing is ON POINT here. Seriously, you walk in and it's like walking into heaven. I was probably drooling onto the floor. But it was a healthy day for me, so I skipped the sweets and went to the salads. I had the Mediterranean Salmon salad (pan-seared salmon, mixed greens, artichoke hearts, kalamata olives, sundried tomatoes, banana peppers, red onion, feta cheese, and greek feta vinaigrette dressing). They have a small and large size. I got the small, and to be honest, it was large in my opinion! So to have the big would be massive! Plus it's only $9.99 vs $13.99. I also loved the dressing and thought the salad was loaded with the good stuff, the toppings. Sometimes they scimp on the toppings, but they didn't. The salmon was a decent size and cooked perfectly too. Looking forward to visiting again... I'm coming back for the sweets, don't you worry!
3	As someone who frequents Panera, I had been eagerly awaiting the opening of a casual cafe on the South Side. I work from home and enjoy getting out for lunch or spending a couple of hours working from a coffee shop. So I visited Bartram House a few weeks after opening--expecting it would be a perfect place to enjoy a "working" lunch and loiter on my laptop for a bit. Bonus that this is a local establishment!I noticed how nice the interior is as soon as I walked in. Then quickly spotted the bakery case full of perfect-looking pastries upon approaching the counter to place my order. The lunch menu had a good variety of items, making it difficult to decide, but I settled on a chicken wrap, which came with a side of chips; along with an iced tea; and--not being able to resist trying a pastry--eventually added an apple strudel. While waiting for my food, I had a seat, got out my laptop, and soon realized that there is no WiFi here. I think this may be the first cafe that I've visited in five or more years that didn't have it? Luckily, I was able to pick up an outside signal as a Comcast subscriber. My food came out and was fresh, good quality, and quite tasty. However, anything less would have been unacceptable, given the total for my lunch came to $17.77 (I can get a half-sandwich, half-salad, iced tea, and a delicious cookie at Panera for about 50% less). Yikes!About half-way through, I got up to get some more iced tea and was surprised to find customers have to go to the counter for refills of iced tea or soft drinks, as coffee seems to be the only self-serve beverage. While this seems minor, between the lack of WiFi, the lack of self-serve refills, and just one other person working on a laptop, I definitely got the feeling that this isn't a cafe where lingering is welcomed.Overall, it's a very nice place with quality food, but quite pricey--especially compared with most other places on South Side. (How about a daily lunch special that includes a sandwich, side, and drink for about $10?) Otherwise, until I'm able to budget more than $15 for lunch and/or Bartram adds WiFi to encourage customers to dally over coffee and a pastry, I'm afraid I won't become a regular anytime soon.
1	Heard rave reviews on this bakery which I  was told was a bit upscale. Ordered a triamisu for my husband's  birthday.  Went to pick it up at the designated time and was presented with a FROZEN cake by the manager/baker and was told he "never received my order".  Was told that Cake would be fine in an hour.  Changed my plans and served the cake 3 hours later than planned to be safe. .marscapone cheese..still frozen!  I was embarrassed in front of guest but more disappointed for my husband.  In all honesty. .flavorc was mediocre at best..more disappointment.   Although they will refund me, it doesn't make up for lack of service, disappointment, and a product that really wasn't up to par.  If people feel this is upscale, I feel badly that they obviously never had anything worthwhile to compare this too.
4	I heard such great things about this place in the short time it has been open and was super pumped to check it out this morning. The atmosphere is calm and inviting and there is a wonderful aroma of pastries throughout the cafe. There were so many to chose from ! They were displayed so beautifully when you first walk in, but I wanted something a little more satisfying than a pastry for breakfast. I placed my order at the register, took a number and chose a table. I ordered the bananas foster crepes. They were awesome! Three crepes rolled up with a cream cheese icing filling, covered in bananas foster sauce and fresh bananas. So delicious! My one complaint is that I lost a lot of the cream cheese icing on the plate when cutting the crepes, so that was disappointing haha. Service was also great! I can't wait to come back and try more of their amazing deserts and sweets!
5	Yummy breakfast and pastries, nice seating! The only upsetting thing is that food smell sticks to your clothes!
3	The food & atmosphere were fine.  The problem was that it is expensive for the quality.  A veggie omelet with toast & hash browns was $17.  I now understand how they are able to afford the decor.  If you are going to charge that much for basic breakfast food, I expect it to be piping hot (it was just warm) and the best omelet I've ever had.
5	BHB is probably my favorite place to eat at after work out.  My usual here is their strawberry walnut salad with sweet vinaigrette dressing and a salmon fillet.  It's a healthy and under $10 meal option.  Among their bakery items, their macaroons (not macarons) and Russian tea cookies are pretty great too.  Other than their good quality food, their location which is right across from L A Fitness makes them an ideal place to grab an after-work out meal.
