3	My girlfriend and I attend a soft opening dinner. The vibe is very man cave, which was cool with me. This is a great place to grab a burger and drink on a Saturday afternoon and watch the game or take a date on a week night. The Grind is a welcomed dining option for the Arcadia neighborhood! The wait staff was super friendly and attentive. Propers to them for having their act together for the opening. My girlfriend and I shared the melted rosemary brie with strawberry relish. The brie was cheesy goodness and did take on some of the rosemary flavor. The strawberry relish was flavorful. A balsamic reductions would make this dish. We moved onto the BLT burger and the Sweet and Spicy Burger. The 1000 degree coal fire oven does seal in the juices and creates an nice crispy exterior on the patty. All the other ingredients were fresh and tasty. The bun was toasted, yet fresh and spongy on the interior. Fries need some improvement, but again this was a soft opening. Drink list is inventive and educational. Looking forward to coming back.
3	Cool bar and ambiance, LED tv's behind 2-way mirrors line the entire bar and somehow perfectly fit (within 5/8" I was told).  I have to say I was not hungry, but tried the BLT burger.  The burger was prepared perfectly to a medium temperature and had a nice crust of salt and pepper on it.  The smoked bacon was a bit overpowering but good.  My biggest complaint is the complete lack of condiments.  No ketchup, mustard or mayo.  We had to request it and for a table of 6, two small ketchup cups were brought out, so we had to request them 6 times to get enough to go around.  Duck fat fries were okay.I was also disappointed to not see other meats for burgers.  Where's the bison, ostrich, or my ever favorite lamb burger?  (I am still the self proclaimed king of lamb burgers).  Also, I am of the camp where you season both the inside and outside of the burger... I typically blend meats for my burgers, and add herbs, spices, etc to enhance the flavor.  You just get meat here (which some people prefer).My bottom line is this will be a nice neighborhood hangout, with a great bar and well above average food for a bar, but it's not worth a drive.
5	Have you ever walked into a bar or restaurant and instantly felt at home?  That's how I felt when I walked into the Grind last night.  The place has a great vibe, fantastic food and cocktails, and a friendly staff.  Some of the highlights of what we ate last night...  The burgers are phenomenal, the cable car drink was unusual and tasty, how could you not love donuts, and the bacon... oh the bacon...  I highly recommend swinging in for lunch or dinner so it become one of your favorites as it is now one of mine.
2	So have you heard the news? They have an oven that cooks food at 1000 degrees, which means that food gets cooked faster! WRONG! I am not sure if they are still trying to iron out the kinks, but on a Tuesday at lunch, we waited 40 minutes for our Medium-Rare burgers. That's right...it took 40 minutes to throw the meat in the oven for about 1 minute per side. What the cooks in the back were doing during the other 39 minutes I am not sure....maybe a smoke break? The other thing we found to be ironic about the long wait is that they only have 3 salads, 3 burgers, a chicken sandwich and fries on the menu....nothing too complicated.....were they confused back there? The owners were running around the restaurant talking to people, but our server made herself pretty hard to find. Coming by just once between taking our order and the 40 minute wait. When we did get our food, it was dropped off by one of the owners who apologized for it taking so long, that was nice, but couldn't you have comped us some fries as this point? We got both the duck fat fries and the herb fries. The herb fries had good flavor, but they were really soggy. I think they may have cooked them in the first 10 minutes of getting our order, and then they sat for 30 minutes! I also thought that the serving size was quite small for the $4 price tag. I was expecting great things from the duck fat fries, but I was quite underwhelmed. They were basically wedges of potatoes that had been roasted in the oven and garnished with shaved Parmesan. They weren't soggy like the other ones, but I wouldn't really call them fries either. The burgers were cooked as requested, to medium-rare, and the buns were nice and soft. The meat was good, but it fell apart really easily, making for a very messy burger. I checked out the restroom as well, which are two unisex single user stalls. They are sleek like the rest of the restaurants interior, but they have one MAJOR flaw....no toilet paper roll holders! They just have rolls of toilet paper sitting on the back of the toilet....GROSS!! I probably won't go out of my way to make it back to The Grind, there are just too many other burger places out there right now and they don't have nearly enough variety to eat there on a regular basis. I know that In-N-Out gets away with the concept, but at $1.50 per burger that is acceptable, not at the $10 a la carte price tag at The Grind.
3	Above average decor, but only average burger and fries. I went here for lunch and while having a beer and watching the TVs over the bar seemed like a great idea, that was not to be on this day. (they have a good cocktail list too -- including the Vesper!! No, not the original, but still, always a good offering). Unfortunately, a burger worthy of the hype was not to be had either. The interior looks great (sort of like a mini Vig), but I wanted the burger to match. The menu is very limited, basically burgers (3 options, some salads, and sides). Still, the physical size of the menu is awkwardly large. Sure, it's all cute and wrapped into a square, but once you unwrap it you and your bro date will be bumping menus, or looking like 2 year olds at iHop. In addition to being rather slow in coming from the 1000 degree oven, the BLT burger was just OK. The burger, on its own, tasted great, but the "in house bacon," while perhaps somewhere "in house," seemed to be lacking on my burger -- plus, it had the consistency of roast beef. I'd try the burger again, but I'd forgo the fixings for a simple slice of Swiss. The duck fat fries were a real let down. Really, how could this go wrong? Well, the potato slices were too large to be "fried" and the undercooked fries sitting in duck grease really lacked...well, lacked being worthy of the duck fat it was cooked in. I wish the potatoes were more crisply fried...then again, I wish I had a rabbit in a hat with a bat... I will give this place a try again -- it's on the way home from work, it has a good feel (plus they offer the Vesper, did I mention that?), and maybe the recipes are still in progress.
2	It was fair.  I went there with my girlfriend and some close friends last night.  We thought we would get in a meal after all the newness died down a bit.  We each ordered different burgers with the duck fat fries along with the roasted veg.  First, all the burgers were overdone.  I get the 1000 degree oven concept but please try to perfect it on your time.  Not mine.  Outside of that, they were all, ok.  Nothing to write home about.  Unfortunately the bacon on one of my friends burger was ice cold (literally).  The server (who was great) took it back right away and upon her return with many sincere apologies eluded to the fact that, that's how "chef" serves it, and that it's very common in Europe.   Okay, I get it.  That's fine, but we waited 23 minutes for the remade burger to return.  1000 degree oven?  Shouldn't it take 2 minutes to remake a burger and warm up some bacon?  Also, "chef"?  Really?  Dude, you serve 3 burgers, a salad and a chicken sandwich. Anyway, duck fat fries were a little soggy.  They didn't knock anyone's socks off.  The little mini doughnuts however, were out of this world.  Overall, not a great eating experience.  For such a small menu, they might want to perfect it.  Also, during our meal, right across from our table at the bar, sat what appeared to be a very drunk, "regular".  At one point during our meal she removed her bra at the bar to impress the 2 guys she was talking too.  I'm by no means a prude but it was inappropriate for a very public place.  Not that this is The Grind's fault by any means but the staff did see her do it and chose to look away instead of addressing her
4	I have eatin here four times and all times were great. First of all it's really nice to see that someone has taken the time to produce a really nice decor. They could have gone for the Delux thing of slamming as many people into a small space as possible (don't get me wrong I like Delux) Instead they have given us some nice comfortable booths to set at and just relax. The Grind.... it's hard to call it a restaurant it's more like a bar that serves great burgers. But a really nice bar, has a great neighborhood feeling. Service has been great every time I have been there. I'm a fan of onion rings and although they weren't on the menu the chef did go out of his way to make us some really great onion rings. I hope people give this place a chance. These seem to be some very nice people trying to do a nice thing. The other well established burger places will do just fine..  support new business
5	My picks:The Cable Car (my current favorite drink on earth)Rosemary Roasted CheeseSweet and Spicy Burger (really ... it's made with candied jalapenos)Chocolate Bread PuddingI dream of Chef Matt McLinn.  I absolutely love this menu! Plus the owners George & Allen might be some of the most charitable guys in town.  I heard about this location at three charity events they supported before the restaurant was even open.
4	I've lived across the street from this location for about a year and not once did I ever enter.  That is to say, up until the last two weeks, where i frequented Fresh and Easy and The Grind four times.  The Grind's location is a great one, but there is much competition for a burger and beer place.  It may not rank amongst the best in town or the cheapest... but its manageable!  The Vig has mandatory valet, Delux always has a wait, Postino's is too crowded and Houston's doesn't seat more than four.  Don't get me wrong, these are among my favorite places in town, but sometimes they are a bit overwhelming.The Grind offers a low key and low lit atmosphere, which is perfect for unwinding after work, great for a first date (where you can actually talk) and not bad for a sports game.  You won't find me there every night of the week, but it's a great place to just get away from it all.Lastly, they are open till 2:00 weekends and 12:00 other nights.
2	As a gourment burger lover, I was excited for The Grind to open.  I made two attemps to eat there during their opening week, but at a wait time of 1-hr + I decided to wait until the buzz calmed.  I made it there the third week, and was graciously greeted by friendly and helpful hostess'.  We were sat next to the ktichen, and although the open kitchen concept is becoming more common and can add to the unique ambiance of a restuarant, I don't think it worked here.  I had a direct view of the kitchen, staff members eating and relaxing, all while we waited, and waited, and waited for our drinks.  When we received them, my draft beer was served in glass jar.  I appreciate the uniqueness, but beers are to be served in a specific glass based on type (pilsner, pint, goblet, etc).  We ordered the burgers and they were okay, but not great.  The outside was a little well done for my liking, even when ordered med-rare.  It was a slow night, and so was our service.  We waited--a lot!  Once finished, it took over 15 minutes for them to remove our dirty plates on our small table.  We even stacked them and slid them to the edge hoping they'd notice.  Instead, we were only noticing tired and unresponsive staff in the kitchen area ignoring the customers.I think this place has a lot of potential.  Service and atmosphere is key for  success in this neighborhood.  I'd recommend some ambient music, (you can leave the sports game on if you wish).  I'm inpartial to the uniforms, but they're fine.  There are a few tweaks to be made to make this place right, and I think the location, concept, and space build-out are all good.  I will give it another shot once they make some changes based on the feedback.  Food: 3Service: 2Ambiance: 3
2	We tried it because of rave reviews we have heard, but left disappointed.  The ambiance was fine execpt towards the end of our meal they decided to adjust a table nearby and it became like a construction zone with drills and loud power tools.  Granted it was during lunch, but we still felt it could have been done at another time when most of the restaurant was not full.The burgers were okay, but not at all what I would consider great.  They were not very juicy, or flavorful in and of themselves, but there were interesting toppings to choose from. And, despite the burgers not being juicy the bottom of the buns were falling apart.The service was pleasant but the food didn't really hit the mark on our visit.
4	Ate here with a friend last Friday. Cute spot, nice decor.Server was friendly and knowledgeable.Lack of any server uniform is only my personal peeve (as a long time server). No drinks this time but the list looked fresh & inventive.Swwet & Spicy burger was delish, crispy char on the outside and done to a perfect medium rare. Duck fat fries were awesome, crispy slices of heaven. Seems others got them soggy, and that would suck, so I'm glad I got a good batch.Homemade root beer was good, but for 5 bucks I will probably get a drink next time.Sweet potato fritters were so good we actually fought over themFriends steak was very good & prepared as requested (as a chef he can get snotty about it if not done just so)Starter of rosemary Brie with croutons was yummm, but next time we will mix up the strawberry chunks with the jam type spread on the plate beforehand-even better that way!All in all I was pleased, and am looking forward to another visit to try the wings
1	Where do I start.  The burgers - All  were over cooked.The fries - they were soggy.  We told the waitress that they weren't edible and sent them back.  She brought out a new order and they were just as bad as the first.Warm Jumbo Bacon Salad - It's listed under Starter on the menu and that's how we ordered it.  It came out after all the burgers and fries.  The bacon on the salad wasn't cooked.  It wasn't edible.Chocolate Bread Pudding -  It was cold in the center.We thought they had a great concept for a restaurant and we love burgers, so we were excited to eat there.  We will never go back.
3	The short:Dim, intimate, clean, and as stylish as its customers. Service at 6 pm on a Tuesday night was spot-on. Their website says their meat is hormone free and organic, and their veggies are local and organic. The small menu was mostly standards. Food looks great and tastes fine, but I had to salt my peppercrust burger. The doughnuts/butterscotch dessert was ok--I thought the doughnuts tasted like baking powder, but the butterscotch sauce was good. The long:The Grind is on the southwest corner of 40th St. and Camelback, right in the same shopping center as Fresh & Easy.   Their door--a huge slab of frosted glass--is awesome and lets you know you've arrived. It's even more impressive from the inside going out when it's all lit up--a shining light in a dark room. The Grind itself is a dim, darkly decorated, long restaurant with a single aisle down the middle--prepare to pull over to let others pass, and look elsewhere if you want a place for big groups who prefer to cluster. There's a nice bar and mostly booth seating. At the back are small booths to the left (where we sat), and bar tables with banquette/bar stool seating to the right. Halfway back, a walkway branches off to the left of the small booths to the servers' wide pickup window where booth diners can peek through and see the cooks' heads bobbing around the kitchen, or come face to face with servers peering into the dining room or up at the ceiling-mounted TVs. The table setting was nice: placemats, potted ornamental grass (how does it stay green in such a dark place?), a hefty steak knife, and a lightweight fork. There was also a big aluminum salt shaker, which I'd need later. At first, I thought the folded, logoed butcher paper on top of my paper napkin was a drink coaster, but I unfolded it and found the menu. Not many options, but that was fine: salads, a handful of burgers and sandwiches, a steak dish, and some sides a la carte. Don't be discouraged that your entrees don't come with sides--all the entrees we saw looked hearty. The staff was great--polite, efficient, attentive but relaxed, and fun to watch. The women were energetic, quick, and totally inked--more full sleeves than a biker convention. The guys were more subdued, small and quiet. And I think all of them were wearing the same-size skinny jeans.  Both of us had the Custom Grind Ice Tea. I thought it tasted a bit like Lipton, but at least they kept our lovely glasses full. I ordered the peppercorn crust burger with roasted garlic, charred onions, watercress, and matchstick fries ($10). It came out perfectly centered on a hot, ornate metal plate, and it was at least an eye-popping 4 inches tall--mostly greens. They definitely treat their produce with respect, judging from the healthy, fluffy pile of watercress on top of my burger. The fries were the surprise hit--cute and really crispy. The charred burger itself was a perfect medium-rare. I should've asked for the bun medium-rare, too, because it was charred black--charred meat is good, but charred bread was a shock during those first couple of bites. It did all blend after awhile. I rarely season my food at restaurants, but I had to salt my burger. The flavors would've popped a better if they'd been salted during prep, though. My boyfriend had the pressed chicken sandwich with Virginia ham, Swiss, charred onions, and whole grain mustard aioli ($10).  The generous chicken portion made him happy. I thought his sandwich had a better overall flavor than my burger. We tried the scalloped potatoes with cheddar & Swiss, and the roasted sweet potato fritters (both $5). The scalloped potatoes were just what I'd expect: cheesy, carby, and greasy, in that order. Luckily, the grease migrated from the top to the bottom as we ate, so we could at least eat around it. The fritters were golf ball-sized deep-fried quenelles of pureed sweet potato. The roasted flavor seemed lost in the deep-fry. I liked their crisp, delicate crust, but the soft, creamy, hot innards weren't what I wanted with a burger. I expected more crunch. We split the warm doughnuts with salted butterscotch ($6). They brought out tiny, dark brown, hot donuts lined up on a plate, a dish of hot butterscotch sauce, and a single dessert fork (one of us ate with our hands, and it wasn't the one with the computer geek, desk jockey, noncook's hands). After smelling them, I wondered if they were fried in the same grease as the fritters. They had a nice texture and a crisp, delicate crust, but the taste broke my heart--acerbic baking powder. The sauce was delicious, though. My boyfriend liked everything just fine.  The drink menu looked fine, but restaurant markups on wine always surprise me. A glass of Terra Robles 2006 Cabernet Sauvignon for $12--the bottle price at the wine shop.  Some negatives, but an overall good experience. Next time I'll try their All Nighter: house bacon, ham, cheddar, and a fried egg on an English muffin.
4	Super yummy donuts.... the rest of the menu is ok. The grilled veggies were good, the french fries are seasoned well and the chicken sandwich is tasty. I'm am not a big fan of their bacon, and they put it on many of their menu items, its droopy and fatty, two characteristics I do not want my bacon to have. You may wonder what the four stars are for if I didn't really like the food... the bar. First every bartender that has served me there is amazing, their bloody mary's are superb, and I don't even like bloody mary's. also when a golf tournament is on the drink special is a john daily, and that's always awesome. Plus every time my mimosa is even close to done I have another one in front of me before I have time to set my glass on the bar, now that's great service. So, thank you Grind for making my Sunday mimosa day that much more special.
3	The short: The burgers are really good, the side dishes are good, service was just ok, prices could be better. Overall I think the Grind could be easily 4 or 5 star, but needs to change a few minor things. The long: My wife wanted the Smokehouse BLT burger. Of course she wants the burger I wanted and because I always have to try as many things as possible I decided to get the pepper crust burger. This is the first restaurant (except fast food places of course) which didn't ask how they should cook the burger. Maybe they never ask? Both of the burgers were medium. My wife didn't want the pepper crust burger, because she expected it to be too spicy. The burger was really good. The meat seemed to be of good quality and was prepared in a delicious way. I wouldn't call it pepper crust though. I didn't see much pepper and it didn't have any pepper taste. The smokehouse burger was better. The meat patty was even bigger (tasted the same way than the pepper crust patty), the sauce was great, lettuce and onions were great too. As in a previous review mentioned, the bacon is pretty disappointing. The sweet potato fritters were really good too, but a little overpriced.Here are some suggestions that could make the place 4 or 5 stars:- Especially for a $10.00 burger, I would expect to be asked how I want my burger cooked- Please add some pepper to the Pepper Crust Burger- Get some nice bacon and prepare it nice and crispy, especially on a "B"LT burger - I guess $10.00 for the burgers is ok. I would probably return more often if they were a little less, but $5.00 for 5 potato fritters? Sweet potatoes are not that expensive, so how about 8? Overall I still really liked their burgers and sides. The meat was very tasty. I will definitely return to the Grind, but hopefully they will do some changes until then...
4	I was craving their burgers since I had them the last time. I ordered the Steakhouse burger again. The waitress asked how I prefered my burger to be cooked. I didn't bother with the bacon and just enjoyed the big juicy beef patty...
4	Wew had a pedi at Sundrops and then a drink or two at the Grind. I thought it was a coffee shop. We had the wings, which were tasty. They were not the typical bar wings and that is why we  enjoyed them so. I am looking forward to coming back for a full meal. The bartender is super cool and the flat screen tvs were as well.
4	Recently had friday night happy hour here and it was a great experience. I heard of the Grind from the blog- www.thefreshfiends.com and was immediately drawn to the idea of trying to create an ambience of a neighborhood pub, and of course the donuts lured me in too!We arrived just a little bit before 6pm, and scored happy hour prices- $5 for a glass of wine and $1 off any beer. I ordered the portello mushroom burger, blue moon, sweet potato fritters and the infamous donuts with the creamy, butterscotch topping. I loved it all except the sweet potato fritters. A little bit too mushy for my liking.Overall, loved the ambience, the decor and would definitely come back again.
4	As the Camelback Corridor Burger Wars escalate it is becoming more and more difficult to stand out from the pack.  Grind makes a great claim for originality by putting water cress, candied jalapenos, and ratatouille on one of their burgers.  Is this originality a good fit (think Mick Jagger) or is it just weird? (think Lady Gaga) I'm not sure.  I liked my burger although I don't think that the water cress added much other than being a new garnish to flout.  The sweet potato fritters were decent, but not enough to make me want them over their cousins, the sweet potato fry.Good vibe and probably a good place to catch sports....especially if you are into following five games simultaneously.
3	Went for lunch on a Friday at noon, not a ton of people since the seating is minimal. Ordered a Peppercorn crust burger / roasted garlic, charred onions, watercress, matchstick fries. Burger was juicy and thick, but not worth $10.00. Plus the menu is ala carte so the fries are an extra $4.00 plus drink, so you can escape for under $20. Service was kind of slow for lunch. Not bad but would not return.
2	If you are going to open a burger joint shouldn't you know how to cook one?  Over cooked, salty, and slow service... Nice bar though.  Good drinks and the guitar players were a nice touch.
4	3.5 - but I'm rounding up because I obviously liked it since I tried to subscribe to their text message specials distro advertised on the receipt while still at the table! Alas, either the instructions on the receipt are incorrect or the marketing strategy has been discontinued -- my attempt was unsuccessful. Maybe the email version on their website will work. :) Here are some highlights: * $5 wine at happy hour which runs until 6 p.m. * The rosemary roasted cheese with strawberry relish & croutons - relying on the menu description what type of cheese is a mystery. It's brie. Standard brie. But it's roasted in the coal fired oven resulting in a smoky black char on the rind. And, the "croutons" are thinly sliced, crisp bread toasts. I felt like the rosemary flavor really transferred onto the cheese and preferred it without the strawberry relish which was very sweet and citrusy (lots of orange rind). * I had the crisp pork sandwich, which I'm assuming is not hormone free or organic because the menu only proclaims "hormone free and organic beef & chicken"; still, it was quite tasty. A thick slab of pork marinated and roasted in such a way that it easily pulled apart. BBQ sauce was decent, not spectacular and someone in the kitchen forgot my "house pickle" so I'm not sure if it would ordinarily be served on top or on the side. (When I pointed it out to the waitress, she brought me a plate with several pickle sliced - whatdaya know... tasted just like a homemade pickle!) Had a side of the scalloped potatoes which were awfully black peppery and not too creamy. And finished with the donuts and salted butterscotch. The salt part was missing. Perhaps a more obvious use of fleur de sel as a garnish or something would give it that missing magic touch. Overall, I was full. It was yummy. I would go back. P.S. - There may have been salt in something, though, because I woke up in the middle of the night PARCHED! I can't say for sure it was a result of that evening's meal because my food didn't taste "salty" but I'll keep an eye on it and see if it happens next time. And, there WILL be a next time...!
5	This place gets 5 stars for hiring Connor. This dude is awesome, he was on point with making our drinks, and making sure we were having a great time... and it was his first day. Make sure you sit at the bar and chat with him... he made the place with the visit. We got the fries and coal roasted veggies (fries were ok.. i like them crispy, and the veggies were awesome) A ton of different liquors and pretty great burgers.Check this place out!!
3	Food was great.  The burgers are fresh and juicy, the sweet potatoe fritters are great and the drinks unique. The service however was just barely tolerable.  Most of the staff is very cold and self-absorbed but at least courteous. One person in particular was awful and made comments about us as guests under her breathe when no one else was in the restaurant.  Talk about awkward.  This place will gain steam on food and drinks alone, but in the long-run, the service will run this place into an average place.
3	I want to love The Grind. I really, really do. I like to see more and more restaurants open up in the neighborhood and prosper. I guess is the reason that I keep giving The Grind another chance, but I think I'm close to coming to the conclusion that it's just an OK place and there are better burgers in the neighborhood.On my first visit, I ordered my burger medium rare and it came out distinctly medium while my companion ordered his medium and it came out medium well. The peppercorn burger (mine) wasn't heavy on the flavor, but at least it hadn't been murdered to a medium well state. My friend's sweet and spicy burger had more flavor, but the meat was dry and overcooked. Oh well, we assumed that they just hadn't gotten the kinks worked out of their vaunted 1000 degree oven yet and were still learning how to cook with it.Since then, I've given The Grind a couple of more tries, the latest last night when the GF declared that she was hungry for a burger. We got there about 9p and the place was about 30% full. Not too bad for that late on a weeknight, but it seemed like most people were there drinking and not eating. I ordered the sweet and spicy burger medium rare and the GF ordered the BLT burger medium. I warned her that it was likely to come out medium well, but she gets oooged out by too pink burgers so she went with it. We split an order of the herbed fries. My sweet and spicy burger came out medium and her BLT burger -- big surprise --  came out medium well. The fries were overly cooked in my opinion and too crispy, but I'm also someone who actually likes my fries to taste like potato. My sweet and spicy burger was pretty good, but my GF ate less than half of her BLT burger. She thought it was okay, but she wasn't going to waste the calories and fat grams on something that was just okay. Service has been good every time I've gone, but the average food just doesn't make up for it. At this point, I probably won't give The Grind another chance because, quite frankly, when I'm paying $10 for a burger there are just too many other good options in the neighborhood.
3	I really loved the atmosphere at The Grind - they did a nice job designing the small space, with the exception of the TVs behind the glass covering that catches the glare from the sun outside. We sat at the bar to eat and received friendly service from the bartender, although not the most prompt...it seemed like the whole staff was a bit frenzied and in over their heads, even the manager. I like that they have Anchor Steam and Stella on tap, but I wouldn't pay $3 for the PBR. What I don't like is the lack of milkshake options...gourmet burger places should have gourmet sides and gourmet shakes, not just the standard chocolate/vanilla/strawberry I can get at McDonald's for half the price.Two of us ordered the peppercorn burger, sweet potato fritters, and coal roasted veggies to share. A couple minutes later, the bartender told us they were out of the fritters. That's a major strike - when you have this few items on the menu (just 4 side dishes), how can you be out of something like that?! With disappointment, we ordered the scalloped potatoes instead. I would give the sides here 4 stars but the burger just 3 stars. The beef itself in the burger wasn't that flavorful and was a little overcooked. The scalloped potatoes were very rich and delicious, and the green beens were really flavorful. I'd stop in here for a drink, if I was in the neighborhood, but for burgers, I'd go to Delux instead.
5	I'm not a burger girl, but I loved the sweet and spicy burger here. The jalepeno's were incredible, the burger cooked perfectly medium rare and the sweet potato fritters were delicious. I could have eaten a whole order of them on my own, easy! The BF had a peppercorn burger that he raved about and his mom tried the portabello mushroom sandwich (she doesnt eat meat) and liked that as well. The atmosphere was cool and comfy, great booths and spectacular bar. The service was excellent and the doughnut desert was our most favorite thing of all. The dipping sauce that came with them should be illegal! Its that good! We were embarassed but still wiped the bowl it was served in clean with our fingers. Our server said that most everyone who orders it does the same thing! ***One tip I'd like to pass along- all of the food comes out HOT! My BF dug in too soon and seared the top of his mouth something awful. (it is cooked in a zillion degree oven or something) lol! Have restraint and let it cool. That kind of pain lingers.
3	Your fake boobs do not make up for shitty service "sweetie." Now that's out the way, I'll try not to let it distract me from writing a subjective review. We went during around 5ish, the hipster dinner rush. It was packed, but it shouldn't take 10 minutes to take our drink order and by the time our waitress got around to us, we eagerly gave her our food order. It should be noted that during our wait, the satellite radio antennae was misaligned or something and the music feed was more broken than Cleveland Cavalier fans at the moment. It was pretty annoying. We felt like we were on Mars because no one else seem to notice. Eventually, (20 or so minutes) someone shut it off altogether. Thanks! I had the Peppercorn Burger with regular fries.  Yum.  I liked how my hands smelled...sort of like I had cooked a burger over a campfire.  I ordered my burger medium rare and it arrived as ordered, this makes me happy.  The meat was juicy so props to the great sear job by the cook.  So many places screw this up.  The toppings, I'm not sure if the watercress really adds anything other than color and the onion strings, well I guess it's an appearance thing or perhaps texture? Forgettable. The fries were ok.  Herb fries translated into minuscule specks of green stuff stuck to the fries with no taste.  They were a little greasy, but I like my fries that way.  My companions ordered the All Nighter breakfast sandwich and the chicken sandwich.  No complaints. Ok, back to our waitress with the big fake rack that expects big tips...I was still eating my burger when she decided to give her dessert plug. Really? You couldn't of waited 5 more minutes??? After I inhaled the rest of my burger, we asked her to split the check. She was visibly put off by it and had an attitude about it until we left. Shit happens, get over yourself. Unfortunately it carries over to the overall review of the place. Liked the burger, hated the service. So it looks like most of this review was more about the service. What can I say? It got in the way of the most important thing, the food.
1	Walked in.. Waited, waited, waited... bartender saw us just... waiting...then we left... Thanks Grind....
4	BF and I stopped by last Wednesday. Our one day off a week together. We have known Matt for sometime and loved Methode Bistro so were very happy to hear The Grind was opening. We started with the Salad of local greens / roasted tomato, baked ricotta salata / $6. Then the Grilled portobello burger / fried zucchini, ricotta salata, watercress, garlic aioli / $10. Roasted sweet potato fritters as a side dish. I was surprised Ben didn't go for one of the ground beef burgers but he was saving his meat fix for the Cubs/Dbacks game. We have to have hot dogs at the ballpark! Way to justify, right? The salad was very fresh with the locals greens and dressed lightly which I truly appreciate. Nothing ruins a salad more than to be drenched in vinaigrette. Beautiful greens with plump and full of flavor were the house roasted tomatoes and with light slices of the baked ricotta. The portabello burger was delicious with garlic aioli. The mushrooms tasted as it had been marinated in maybe balsamic vinegar which gave it a nice tang but not overwhelming at all. The sweet potato fritters were crisp on the outside and soft and tender on the inside. 4 big slices in a cast iron dish were served on the side. Decorated with large portraits of local and past icons. One not impressed with was Sheriff Joe Arpaio. In light of the current situation in the press seeing his big fat face almost lost my appetite. Enough said! I did count over 60 seats between the bar and booths. I loved the long and narrow design of the restaurant and dim lights. It reminded me of many places in Chicago. My old stopping grounds. I should also mention the bartender was very nice and I loved the handled glass canning jars the draft beers are poured into. BF was happy the Pabst Blue Ribbon was on draft. Not my personal choice, I had the Anchor Steam. There was no room for dessert because we had to save it for the ballpark but my eye is on the warm doughnuts with salted butterscotch. Go check it out!
4	My buddy and I were in the mood for some red meat so we decided to head over to The Grind.I was surprised by the dark, modern decor.  I liked it a lot and thought the long narrow layout made it feel like I was in some type of a place for only those in the know.  Kind of a cluby, speakeasy feel.We sat at the bar.  I ordered the Anchor Steam on tap.  Being from San Fran originally, it's nice to see it here.  I'm not a fan of the mason jar glasses, I dribbled a little beer as I was drinking.I ordered the steakhouse BLT burger and the herbed fries.  The burger was huge compared with the other places in town.  Size does matter.  The burger was cooked perfectly and the bun and charred onions were great as well. I would have to rate this juicy, flavorful burger as the current champ in the Phoenix  gourmet burger wars.
5	SO glad this place is in my neighborhood.. peppercorn burger, sweet and spicy burger are fab.  The chicken sandwich is also great. The pork..just OK.  Fries and sweet potatoe fritters are bueno, just need a yummy dipping sauce for the fritters.  MUST HAVE THE DONUTS.  Warm little donuts that have a fantastic butterscotch sauce.  Pinot noir choice is top notch, but not happy about a glass costing more than my burger.
3	I went here for lunch with my boss a few fridays ago and was very impressed with the decor. Walking through the large door  to the storefront burger joint I had no idea what to expect, but  I loved the long narrow lay out and sleek bar which we sat at.  It has lots of great flat screen tvs and full bar so this place would be ideal to watch a game or just grab a beer afterwork.  However, i don't know if this place is ideal for lunch.We both ordered an anchor steam to start.I loved that it was served in a mason jar and ice cold. The bartender was efficient but not friendly. Then we each got a cheeseburger with a side of herb fries and sweet potato fritters. The food took a while to come out at least 20-30 minutes and our beers were gone by then, too bad we couldnt get another one but we had to go back to work...Damn, thats too bad i was just getting into weekend mood. When the food did come out it was very good. The burgers were delicious...best in town, not in my opinion, but much better than average. Very messy but  the beef itself was very tasty. Both the fries and sweet potato fritter were greasy and forgetable.All in all this place was good but not great. I need to give it a shot a dinner time as I wont be back for lunch. It is upscale and so is the price...with tip for 2 burgers, 2 orders of fries and 2 beers it was $50...glad the boss picked that one up. I think for the price and atmosphere your better off headed across the street to Chelsea's Kitchen.
4	Yay I am a fan... of their drinks that is:)  Yes it is true!  Only because I met my girlfriend there for a drink and we didn't eat any food.  I did read their menu and found quite a few things I would like to try so I will definitely be back.  It is a interesting space in that you cannot see inside the restuarant from outdoors... kind of makes you want to go inside to see what is in there.  Their drink menu consists of a lot of 'classic cocktails' as the bartender put it and I must say my choice was not what I typically would pick but it was spectacular.  It was called THE BLUSHING LADY which consisted of Plymouth Gin and Citronge shaken together with fresh lemon juice, a little sugar syrup and a dash of Plymouth Sloe Gin. Topped with a flamed orange zest... ask the bartender to tell you what that is it is quite a show:)
4	I think this is the best hamburger in town.  Why the 4 stars?  I'm a woman and the atmosphere was definitely a sports-bar, no windows kind of place.  The sweet and sour burger was amazing.  Be ready for a very tall burger that you cannot get your mouth around, but the taste of it was unlike anything I've ever tasted.  Candied jalapenos and watercress on top of a juicy burger.  For dessert, donuts with caramel sauce - very tasty.  Overall, a very good experience that I will go back for, but definitely a "guy" kind of place to hang out and watch the game.
5	My awesome wife took me here for my deep affection for cheeseburgers. I was not disappointed. I also have a love for iced tea which was very good. My wife had a Moscow moose cocktail which was refreshing and enjoyed. The wings were an added bonus as the chicken was of great quality and the fact they are grilled is nice. The sauce was spicy enough with a heavypepper taste. We liked that the server waited to bring our burgers until we were done with our wings so we were not rushed. As a huge burger fan I was STOKED on these. The meat was cooked perfectly to a med rare and high grade. The buns were perfect and the topping were different but welcome. The herb fries were fries but crisp. This was a delicious dinner and have no complaints and worth every penny. Will go back soon.
3	I love burgers and really wanted to love The Grind, but it wasn't meant to be. Unfortunately I had problems with the temperatures, both the restaurant and the food.I was here with my girlfriend on a Tuesday night. The restaurant itself is nicely appointed, with a sleek, modern look and feel. It was pretty close to full, but staff were still friendly and efficient. The $5/glass wine special they were running was very nice. I has the peppercorn burger with sweet potato fritters. The fritters were very nice, crunch without being greasy, and not overly sweet. The burger was nicely composed with great toppings and flavors - the watercress in particular stood out. Unfortunately, the burger was also well, well done, and I had ordered medium. I should have sent it back, but was hungry and didn't want to wait. For a burger joint missing a temperature on a burger is pretty disappointing and it killed a lot of the goodwill the rest of the ingredients had built up. The bread pudding for desert wasn't the best I've ever had, but was nice and the bourbon sauce it came with was a nice touch. The other issue I had with The Grind is the temp inside the restaurant. I'll grant that these are the dog days of summer right now, and I'm sure it's hard to keep the place cool with the half open kitchen, but was pretty warm in there.With the wine special it was ok value for the money I guess. But on a normal night with $10-12/glass for wine and $10 for a burger with another $4 for fries it's too pricey for my tastes, especially if they aren't hitting proper temps on the burgers every time.
5	I think I've found one of my favorite burgers and the Grind is responsible. I heard from friends and yelpers that the Sweet and Spicy burger was the way to go. My boyfriend and I both ordered them and they were both cooked perfectly to our specifications. The burger is topped with candied jalapenos, fried ratatouille, and watercress. We also ordered the sweet potato fritters which were 4 round "cakes" that were crispy on the outside and mashed on the inside. They were topped with chives and sea salt. A nice little tasty side. My friend recommended the Blueberry Hill drink (Vodka, blueberry, mint, lime, soda water). Delicious! We sat at the bar and the bartenders were a little overwhelmed - for such a large bar with almost everyone ordering food, they need to get a couple extra people in there. Because of this the service was a little slow, but we were okay with just chatting and enjoying our drinks. If you're looking for a quick in and out meal, this probably isn't the place for you. The decor has an upgraded sports bar feel to it. You have the bar and TVs, but it is definitely much more sleek and modern than your standard sports bar. I'll definitely go back and have already recommended the place to friends!
4	I had never had a coal fired burger prior to my visit to the Grind, but after my visit, you can feed me one anytime!  This spot was the first place I visited after arriving in town from the airport and I am glad I made the drive out from the hotel.  When you first walk into the place, you'll notice the very modern decor with a sports bar twist.  If you are eating by yourself like I was, the huge bar with the flat screen TVs is a nice place to settle in.  I love that they have Pabst on tap.  Someone definitely has a sense of nostalgia.  After reading many suggestions on what to order prior to my visit, I chose the sweet and spicy burger with coal roasted vegetables as a side.  Tonight the veggies were organic baby carrots and fingerling pea shoots.  Since the restaurant specializes in hormone free meats and organic produce, the veggie selections tend to change often depending on what is available.  When I finally received my burger, I was blown away at how perfectly constructed it was.  The candied jalapenos, fried ratatouille, and fresh water crests were perfectly positioned on top of a very thick medium rare burger nestled between 2 crispy toasted buns.  I think I just stared at it for about 2 minutes before eating it.  The first bite was wonderful.  The sweetness of the candied jalapenos mixed in with the crunch of the fried ratatouille and fresh water crest made the burger dance in my mouth.  For the 20 minutes that I was eating, I was a very happy man.  This burger is a wonderful creation and I highly recommend it.  Once I finished my burger, I realized I completely forgot about my side.  If you were curious, all the vegetables were perfectly cooked and flavorful.  It was a nice complement to my very BOLD entree.  If you are in the Scottsdale area and would like some great burgers and food, the Grind is a wonderful place to stop for a quick bite or a great dinner.  4 stars!
2	Shoot. I want to like the Grind - I really do. Its in my neighborhood and would be a great spot to add to my list of regulars. My husband and I went on a Friday night and quite frankly, The Grind just missed the mark. Here's my beef (pun intended) with The Grind: Identity crisis - are you a sports bar (TVs with games), a swanky bar, a burger joint, a place for happy hour & music, or a garage (the uniforms are garage tech shirts)? It feels like they couldn't decide who they area and just threw it together. Service - awful. Seriously, some of the worst service ever. Our waitress wasn't interested in serving us at all, servers were sitting around watching TV and it took 20 minutes to get a glass of wine. Food - okay. I probably wouldn have cut the food some slack if the other things were better. I'll give it ONE more try...
3	I've been in a number of times now and its usually hit or miss. First time the service was decent but the burger was tough and lacked flavor. That's what I get for listening to the bartender and getting his own custom creation that he "eats all the time".Second time I ordered off the menu and loved the burger. I did the steak house and it was perfect. I finished strong with the donut desert. So good! the bar service though was lacking. Though very nice, I feel like they need an extra person on or just need to be more aware of the patrons sitting there. Its a huge bar and new customers were not being noticed for over five minutes. One gentleman had to wait well over ten minutes to get his drink order in and it wasn't that busy. I'll certainly be back since its down the street from my house and I can stumble home after a few drinks. I'll just take the service with a grain of salt... which will take a few minutes to get.
4	The Grind isn't so much a grind as a pretty nice looking bar with solid burgers.  They are huge-I shared one with my wife.  We also had onion rings which are tempura battered.  It was a nice, light batter but they were a little underdone.If Yelp had the old half star I would have rated The Grind 3.5 stars.I like the decor here, especially the appearance of the front from the inside/outside.  Also upside but not downside.  I'm looking for more upside than downside in general...
2	Nice and quick.Overview:  Supposedly really good.  Bon Appetite's top ten best new burger places.  1000 degree coal fired oven.Wait:  20 minutes on a Friday at 6:30Bar:  Friendly bartender.  Only three beers on tap, one of which is PBR.  Owners obviously decided their tap beer was to be average and boring.Waitress:  So so.  I can't think of any other words to describe her.  Not friendly, not rude.  So so.Food:  We ordered three burgers and one portobello burger.  Two of the three were ordered medium rare and they came out medium and well.  Mine was well.  I pointed it out to the waitress and she told me that it was medium because it was red.  Too bad the light above the table was red glass making the burger look less done than it was.  I moved it right under the light where it was clearly well done and she asked if I would like another one.  Um, yes I would.  "Well that's going to take 20 minutes."  Huh?  You have a freaking 1000 degree oven and I want it done medium rare.  15 - 20 minutes later she brings it out telling me the chef cooked it himself.  Great I thought but alas, it was medium going medium well.  This place needs to throttle back their oven big time or invest in some Thermopens.  The burgers themselves were really tasty and had a good blend of flavors.  We ordered three sides, two sweet potato fritters and scalloped potatoes.  You get 4 flat fritters that are about 1.5" in diameter.  Their tasty but the texture was too smooth and most definitely not worth 5 dollars. The scalloped potatoes were good.   If we go back again we won't get a side but rather order the donuts for desert.  Other:  It was odd that when my burger was sent back a manager did not come to the table.  Most places do that to make sure everyone was happy, not so here.  Another issue was the heat of the restaurant.  Every person in our group was sweating and it definitely took away from the experience.
4	Price was def reasonable!  Food -- great quality!  Not just a typical burger!  Nice bar with plenty of TVs. Scalloped potatoes were awesome!  Michael, the bartender bought us the doughnuts!! Very nice sweet treat to end our experience!  We will be back!
4	Throwing the picture of Sheriff Arpaio on the wall aside, I really did enjoy the burger from here. After reading reviews, I decided to go with the sweet and spicy burger. It was just as good as the other reviews say it is. The burger was juicy and every topping on it melted together in my mouth perfectly. The fries were good, but they were just fries, nothing too special. The sweet potato fritters, on the other hand, were super tasty. They had a sound consistency and were loaded with rich flavor. It you like sweet potato fries at all you must try those fritters! All in all I had a pretty good experience here, and it's worth checking out if you're in the Arcadia neighborhood.
4	This place was awesome! The portobello burger was so good. I love that they fixed up that area...this is just what it needed.
4	This place is very popular and I can see why...the food was incredible!  Cool, neighborhood place with good service.
1	I live in the neighborhood and really wanted to like the Grind.  After 3 visits, I'm done.Overview: Food is mediocre service has stayed consistently terrible.My last visit was happy hour with my 3 co-workers.  I had suggested we try the place and we arrived by 5 to make sure we got a table before rush hour.  After waiting to be served for about 10 min., the waitress finally spotted us & got our drink order.  We waited another 10 min. to get the drinks even though they were not yet busy.  We asked to order dinner and she said she'd be right back.  15 min. later she came to get our order.  We had an appetizer and 4 burgers.  Appetizer came out with the burger with no apologies.After we received the food our server disappeared, so condiments and drink refills were ordered from other staff.  When she returned she interrupted our conversation to ask if we were done.  From this point on she returned to the table with the check (not asking about dessert or more drinks) every 5 min. to ask if we were done.Finally, she came by and leaned in to tell us that "it's getting really busy in here and there are people waiting for a table.  I'm not asking you to go but just so you know."  Are you kidding me?! We had ordered an appetizer, 4 entrees, 2 drinks each, & wanted dessert but she needed our table! Unreal. I will not return.
3	Having reconciled with the economy's twinge on the purse strings, my honey and I have become quite the connoisseurs of happy hours and mid-line eats. We are always on the look out for a good burger and were excited to read about The Grind in the paper. Knowing the chef has proven culinary skills of the highest caliber and their use of a very unique 1000 degree oven intrigued us. We rounded up a few friends and gave it a whirl last night. At first glance, the place is comfy. The booths are excellent people-watching pedestals and the bar is long enough to house most of us for that pre-dinner cocktail. We enjoyed the throw back drink menu - Honey  had a Vesper and was pleased to rekindle his affection for the marriage of gin and vodka. A cute old man next to me was thrilled they had PBR on tap. We began our meal with the "roasted cheese" appetizer, aka Camembert infused with rosemary. I loved the crostinis it was served with. The cheese was good and tastefully appointed with a strawberry relish. I relish new takes on old standbys, so thumbs up. Our burger dining procedure is that we each order one and then split them to allow for candid discussions and a larger experience of bun-and-meats. I ordered the Sweet and Spicy as many have recommended on Yelp, and Honey ordered the BLT. Friends ordered the chicken sandwich and another BLT. For the table we requested the Herbed Fries and Sweet Potato Fritters. Service was consistent, well timed and pleasant. The burgers are presented in a rather intimidating fashion of being much too tall for anyone to get their mouth around. However, we quickly learned that our 5-year old's tactic of squishing sandwiches proved successful and instantly my too tiny cake hole was inspired. My burger was flipping great. I loved LOVED the sweet and spicy. So many flavor experiences with every bite. Just enough heat to make it a child-unfriendly burger, but not enough to disrupt the experience. BLT burger was not as well received, but I do celebrate a good grilled onion and they did not disappoint. What was disappointing was the fries and fritters. I have come to expect gourmet fries with my gourmet burger. I don't think I'm wrong in this expectation, but The Grind let me down. Their herbed fries were something I could buy a bag of at Albertson's. Nothing notable. And the fact that there were fries left at the end of the meal with four diners sort of speaks volumes. The fritters too...just not great. Deep fried, rather flavorless, more savory that I would expect in anything sweet potato. Sigh. Moving on to dessert since we did not fill up on fried potatoes, we ordered the warm doughnuts with salted butterscotch. I love doughnuts and I love a good salty sweet concoction. It was really, really good. The doughnuts weren't overly sweet on their own, which seemed to lend itself well to the sweetness of the butterscotch. Being a Dessert Diva, I would say it was a nice way to end the meal. Overall, I think we will return. However, it may be more of a "let's sit at the bar and have a beer and a burger" type experience than a sit down dinner effort. Definitely worth a visit, not a letter home.
4	Very cool space and awesome, reasonably priced burgers. Had the peppercorn and sweet&spicy burgers plus herb fries. We loved them both. Service was friendly and fast, even during Saturday dinner hour. Will definitely go back and recommend to other burger fans.
4	This is an interesting place to be sure. It is reminiscent of a Manhattan bar or at the very least something in a bigger more cramped city. This place is neatly camouflaged in a strip mall near a Fresh and Easy. The decor was very interesting, very dark though (no natural light in this place)I came here with a friend on a Thursday evening (another Yelper ... I'll be curious to see his review). The place was packed to the brim, which isn't really hard to do. Both of us ordered cocktails. I had the Russian Mule (vodka, ginger beer and lime juice), he had a Blueberry Hill. I didn't sample his cocktail, but mine was de-lish. I ordered the sweet and hot burger which had candied Jalapenos. The burger was huge and piping hot. My main criticism of the burger is that the burger is so big that you have to take it apart (which I do anyway - an odd deconstructionist habit, but nonetheless, I want to at least take a bite or two of the whole thing). The "herbed fries" were forgettable. Nothing special about them really. Service was efficient, and the check was split with no attitude (which is a good thing), although, the waitress was a bit slow to pick up our checks. Overall this is a good burger place. The meat was good and tasty,the booze is good. Sides could use a tad of an improvement. I do prefer Delux Burger over this place still. At least there I can eat the burger as a sandwich (if I want to) and not as a take apart.Grades:OVERALL:    B- Service:   B-    (Service was attentive, but slowness in picking up the                         check is not a plus) Food:     B- (Burger was good, but too large, and fries were forgettable)Drinks:  B (It's good, but not something I'd write  home about) (just in case you're wondering - I give A's only if it's superior)
3	Had the sweet and spicy burger here...yum!  Sweet potato fritters were lacking, in my opinion. But the scalloped potatoes were delish!!! The service wass pretty good...was disappointed they were out of champagne that day was really craving a mimosa!  Overall...good experience...the burger and scalloped potatoes will have me returing...
3	I read reviews  (though not on Yelp) and was really excited about trying their burger.  I called a couple male friends and met them around 1 on a weekday.  Am I glad I did.  The place is, as one of my friends described it, "a man cave."  Now, if you're a man or like being surrounded by men, it's perfect - from the photos on the wall to the booths packed with men while the women sit at the back tables, to the men at the bar. The wait staff and bartender were all female.  Though a guy brought out our food and then we never saw him again.  So that was by far the most immediately noticeable thing about the place - the men in the front at the booths and bar and the women in the back. (Though in fairness they sat me at a booth and there were some men at the back tables so I don't think the men up front/women in back thing was intentional just extremely noticeable.)But what you really want to read about is the food.  The burgers were huge and delicious.  I had the sweet and spicy burger - medium well.  It had jalapenos on it and I believe, watercress.  It was delicious.  The watercress was a surprisingly excellent touch.  Who knew? I guess they did. I also had a lemonade (not very tart, not very lemony, more like sweet lemon essence water) and the sweet potato fritters which were more reminiscent of fried zucchini than I'd been expecting.  They have some kind of coating on them.  Burger + lemonade + a couple sweet potato fritters (split with friends) was roughly 19 with tip.  If you love burgers, probably worth your time.  If you love eating burgers surrounded by men, definitely worth your time.
4	I was torn on my rating here.  The food is 4 star easy, the overall experience is slightly less - I'd love to give it 3.5.  But the food was just that good, so I'd rather round up than down.  If you didn't know where/what the Grind was, you would drive right by.  It's a small little spot in a small little strip mall near a Fresh and Easy market.  As you walk in, you are transported...the decor inside is sleek and stylish, very modern - really doesn't feel like the same place you saw from the outside.  Flat screens across the wall behind the bar, low lights and dark wood.  The drinks seem interesting, though I only sampled one whose name now escapes me.  It was one of the gin-based drinks and it was quite smooth.  We ordered the chicken wings appetizer - a little different in that they were a bit smoky, but the quality of meat was pretty darn good.  They drizzle a bit of sauce and give you a side for dipping  - personally, I'm more of a sauce all over type of guy so that could be better in my opinion.  The food is what really impresses.  The burgers are great - the sweet and spicy burger was fantastic, with just a touch of heat and a sweetness that balanced it nicely.  I would have loved it just a little spicier, but that's me (a bit of a spice-fiend.).  We also ordered a bbq pork sandwich that was good as well - not stellar like the burger, but certainly adequate.  The fries were tasty, although nothing earth shattering.  The potatoes au gratin were the highlight.  Creamy, cheesy, buttery...quite decadent and delicious, you know, if you like that sort of thing.  If cheese and cream aren't your cup of tea, skip them.  I loved 'em.  Service was adequate, if not memorable.  It wasn't spectacular, but certainly nothing to complain about.  I'll definitely return and try a few other things on the menu...
4	My wife and I went here last night at about 6:30ish.  It wasn't crowded at all.  It is a great looking place and has a really cool vibe to it.  The other reviews on here cover it pretty well.* Grilled Romain Salad - this was pretty good and was a decent size to share.  I would order it again* Sweet & Spicy Burger - WOW!  That is all I can say.  The candied jalapenos were amazing and made for a really excellent burger.  The actual burger itself was pretty good, tasty and juicy but the toppings are what made this burger really really good.  Next time I'm going to order an extra side of candied jalapenos.  The watercress was just eh and I didn't care for it.  Anyway, this was probably the best specialty burger I've ever had.* Roasted sweet potato fritters - these were ok.  Sorta salty and crispy outside and a warm, soft inside.  Not sure I would order them again but I'm glad I tried them.  I would have rather had sweet potato fries.* Coal roasted vegetables - Normally when you order sides a la carte like this you get something that is at least sharable.  However, here you get a very small serving that is not shareable at all.  It was also on my wife's plate and not a separate one like the fritters were on.  It was very odd.  Anyway, the veggies (just broccoli) were very good.  Not sure why they say veggies when it is only one veggie though.* Warm doughnuts with salted butterscotch - Another WOW from this place.  These things were soooo frikkin good.  I especially liked that they weren't huge and perfect for 2 people to share.  There were like 5 small, half dollar coin sized, doughnuts.  Crispyish outside and fluffy inside and not greasy at all.  The salted butterscotch was amazing and a perfect fit.This place was be 5 stars if my burger came with fries and the "side" of veggies was actually a shareable side like at other places.Oh yeah....the service was very good as well as the food.  Our waitress was very fast and friendly.
3	If you didn't know it was there, you could drive by the valley's newest burger joint daily and never know it was there. Tucked away in a quiet strip mall in the Arcadia area and neighbor to Sundrops Nail Spot...The Grind is serving up a delicious variety of burgers. I stopped in for lunch this weekend and it was crowded but not so busy that we couldn't get seated right away. The restaurant is tiny, but the square footage it does take up is decorated with a modern, cool vibe that makes you immediately forget you're in a strip mall in Phoenix. The service was quick and friendly. I ordered the BLT burger and shared sweet potato fritters with a friend. The burger - delicious. So tall that it became pretty messy to eat, but either way, it was juicy and flavorful. Our waitress mixed up our cheese orders, which was the burgers one imperfection. The sweet potato fritters are pretty good, four to a plate. They are crispy and seasoned, and if you like sweet potatoes you will probably like these as well. Overall, good service, great atmosphere, and good food. I will definitely be back to the Grind in the future!
3	Holy mother of huge burgers! This weekend, I entered the dark and mysterious restaurant hidden on 40th and Camelback. I immediately noticed staff walking to tables with burgers so popular, they deserved their own plate. I sat down, opened the menu and let my burger adventure begin. Thanks to the Yelp iPhone app, I browsed the quick tips and reviews. Spicy burger with jalapenos, a peppercorn burger, sweet potato fritters... so much to choose from! But, the spicy factor scared me just a little so I went with the Peppercorn burger. Out comes this massive burger that looked like it was nearly half a foot high. It was dripping with a sauce equipped with a kick, watercress, charred onions and matchstick fries. I'm pretty sure it had a mind of it's own and was too huge to mess with! But, I didn't let it scare me and dug right in. I pushed myself to eat as much as possible but there was no way I could finish it. I did get pretty far though. The burger was decent -- not the best I've ever had but not the worst either. I asked for cheddar cheese and my friend asked for blue cheese but sadly, they switched the orders and there's a big taste bud difference between cheddar and blue cheese! The service was quick, the staff friendly and the drink refills plentiful. Not a huge fan of the sweet potato fritters. I couldn't tell if they had any flavor or not because the burger taste was pretty overwhelming, so if you are looking for some tasty fries to go with your burger, the sweet potato fries aren't it. So that's concludes my burger adventure. I left full and beef satisfied.
2	Don't go here for the food.  The atmosphere and bar are very nice.  However, the food is flavorless.  The menu also mentions that most food can be cooked in 4 or 5 minutes, which is interesting since with a half full restaurant, we still waited 30 minutes for our food.  We had the Peppercorn Crust Burger (blah), Roasted Chicken Sandwich (blah), Roasted Sweet Potato fritters (so so) and scalloped potatoes (left half on the plate they were so good).  There are so many other places in Phoenix that serve a better "gourmet" burger in a similar environment -- Fez, and Zinburger come to mind.
4	Went to the Grind to celebrate my birthday. The burger is big and tasty. Also , we tried their wings and they are amazing.
4	Went to The Grind for lunch with a girlfriend and was very surprised. I really liked the decor...clean, darker warm colors and not really a big space but long and narrow. For lunch I had the Sweet and Sour Burger and it was HUGE! Very tasty and cooked perfect. My girlfriend had the Steak and Onion Rings..steak of the day was skirt steak and it looked great and she loved it. We shared a side of Scalloped Potatoes and they were cooked perfectly and such a rich, creamy texture. I will for sure order that again! Service was great and we were in and out in no time during our lunch break. I will definitely recommend this place and try something else off the menu next time.
3	The Grind is one of the original "master chefs turned burger cooks" places. Matt Mclinn was a tremendous chef dating back to Methode Bistro in Scottsdale, so I wouldn't expect anything less than exceptional here either. In the food department, my expectations were met, exceeded, and then blown away. I was on my own (more on that later) so I didn't want to order too much so I just got a burger. Sweet & Spicy is the way to go, it was absolutely amazing. Fresh fluffy bun, sweet, spicy, a little smokey, great meat, and perfectly assembled. You'd have to have zero culinary experience to not like this burger.So went a five star review when I finished my iced tea, and waited.... waited... and waited for another. The bartender who initially took my order must have walked by me 8-10 times and finally the other bartender got me another, but not before I had to flag him down. If they were truly too busy for words, this would have been perfectly acceptable, however they were not. There was one conversation about what shots they were having last night, so I expect that rather than make personal conversation, you do your job. From the point when I complained, to the end of my meal, they were spot on and she was very apologetic, if a little fake though. The other issue I have with this place, and this does not affect my star rating because it's out of the restaurants control, is the crowd that hangs out here. The middle aged popped collar, cheat on your wife, drive an S Class to impress people, and act generally asinine all the time, owns this place on the weekends.  I felt like because I am not one of these toolbags, I was forgotten at the bar.5 stars for food2 for service3 for ambiance
4	When there for lunch  today and liked it very much...at first it looks closed from outside but once you open the doors its very cozy and industrial looking, wich I really enjoyed because it made me feel like I was back home in ny...i ordered the peppercorn burger with bacon and cheese and my buddy ordered the blt burger with cheese....we really enjoyed it and wool be back again...the prices were fair...and the service wa adequate...all in all we shall return to try more bravo to you all
2	You know that Groucho Marx quote: "I wouldn't want to belong to any club that would have me as a member."Well here's my version: "I wouldn't want to dine in any establishment that would have a fucking GINORMOUS photograph of Sheriff Joe Arpio taking up half of the wall as though his presence there is a good thing."The only thing that could have made me more uneasy would have been if they superimposed good ol' Joe onto a giant 'last supper' painting, stuck tooth pics in my eyes and forced me to recite the ten commandments while force feeding myself mediocre sweet potato fritters and a ridiculous burger the size of my head, man vs. food style. The burger itself was......good. Not fantastic, just good. The sweet potato fritters were a joke. When something is that boring and uninspired it really needs to come with something like, oh...I dunno...25 dipping sauces. I'm sure I've seen deep fried boring remedied by flavored lard in the past. Get on the ball Grind. The service was okay. The whisky tango flavored waitstaff, all brunette with a similar 'look'  was interesting. Like if you took all of the servers at The Vig and secretly replaced them with Famous Sams waitresses; that kind of interesting. The beer and wine selection was clearly lacking and again, uninspired. I suppose the focus is supposed to be on the specialty drinks which actually seemed well thought out though none seemed to appeal to me in the moment. Also, if you're going to name one of your signature cocktails after a classic James Bond martini it should be made with the proper ingredients, or at least as close as possible. I think they sell Lillet Blanc at Total Wine, hell, the bf has some in his fridge, I'm sure he'll let you borrow it. All in all, an odd experience that kind of failed my expectations. In closing, I'll leave you with another Marx quote that kind of sums it all up: "I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it."
4	Holy yum!  Even though I just spent a day at the spa enlightening myself and committing to a healthy lifestyle, I caved when my husband threw out the idea of the Grind for dinner.  There's always tomorrow! The Grind is located in a strip mall off of 40th and Camelback, and is pretty easy to miss.  So keep your eyes peeled!  When we entered, we felt very comfortable in the space that was modern enough to attract the Scottsdale crowd, but welcoming enough to have that "Cheers" type feel.  The bar is definitely the focal point of the restaurant, as it takes up a majority of the space in the front.  While I didn't get a drink this time around, they had numerous classic cocktails on their menu that few restaurants advertise-- the Manhattan, the Moscow Mule, the Ramos Gin Fizz.  That was enough to intrigue me. After perusing the menu, it was a pretty easy decision.  I ordered the Sweet and Spicy Burger with candied jalapenos, fried ratatouille, and watercress, while my husband ordered the Peppercorn Crust Burger with charred onions, and matchstick fries.  First off, the burgers are HUGE!  Come with an appetite and room in your stomach. You'll need it!  Second, while very different in flavor, both burgers had the same texture to them, which seems to be a common theme judging by the ingredients of other items on their menu.  I'm normally not very adventurous when it comes to burgers, but man was I surprised with how much I enjoyed this one.  If you like a kick to your meals, this definitely deserves a try.  The candied jalepenos were a really nice touch, and the meat was cooked a perfect medium rare and super juicy.  We also ordered a side of the Herbed "home style" fries to accompany the burgers, but they were nothing special.  I'd try a different side next time we visited, and yes, we will be back!
1	"How long is your wait?""WHAT?""HOW. LONG. IS. YOUR. WAIT?""ABOUT 20 MINUTES. Name?""WHAT?""WHAT. IS. YOUR. NAME?""ANITA COCKTAIL. WE'LL BE AT THE BAR."That was the extent our Grind experience. The music was so frakkin' loud we couldn't even hear the hostess. But we'd read many good things about The Grind (one of Phoenix Magazine's Best New Restaurants... holla!), so Spouse and I were determined to try their burgers.So far it was not going well. Our first impression was, "Um, are you sure this is it? This a strip mall. And there are motorcycles lined up out front. We are totally gonna get gay bashed here."For homos, we're pretty brawny (Spouse got guns!). So against our better judgment, we went in anyways. After screaming our names at the hostess, we headed for the bar. Thirty seconds later, we walked out. Above the bar, there are 72 televisions (possibly a slight exaggeration) all tuned to sports. That's far too much testosterone for Date Night, and honey, that lighting is harsh.The Grind is little more than a sports bar that serves burgers (apparently) and plays music so loud you can't even have a decent conversation. But most offensive of all? They were playing Aerosmith. That'll kill anyone's appetite.
2	We found this place in the Phoenix magazine. It didn't live up the write up. Our experience was bad service, long wait times and unfriendly staff. The food wait time was excessive. The food qaulity was average. We were charges $4 for a soda! Save your next food experience and money on some place else.
3	I think they try a little too hard with the toppings and ruin an otherwise perfect burger. I have only been here one time, and I'm sure I'll return for another round. BTW - I really dig the decor and Sheriff Joe should definitely stay!
1	Burgers are good, expensive, but what can you do.  Recently they have started charging for normally free stuff.  I like to order sliced peppers on the side.  They now want $2.50 for a few slices of canned peppers.  Thats 25% of the cost of the burger.  Who ever decided that was a good idea is just trying to squeeze as much money as they can out of their customers.  Thats just mean spirited.  There are a ton of great burger joints around.   Go to one where they appreciate the business.  Just out of principal I cannot go back again.
2	They had good service, but the food sucked!!! Undercooked bacon, awful and bland mac and cheese, and mashed potatoes that I'm sure were instant is not what I thought I was getting myself into when I came here. I just don't know why it is so hard to make good food?? I don't know how this place got voted best burger in Phoenix?? The only good thing about my dinner was the iced tea and the server was nice.
4	Delicious!!!  I was able to stop in here between dogwalking appointments yesterday, and I'm very happy I did.Great food, great staff and great location.I am a die-hard burger fan, and LOVED the sweet and spicy burger.  Try it!The parking lot can be difficult.  There's a lot going on in that little strip mall area.
5	Appears as if I might be in the minority here, but I prefer The Grind's Hamburger over Delux by quite a margin!Having tried two of the three varieties of Burgers on the menu, the "BLT" is humongous and quite fabulous, with real beef flavor coming through even the bacon, but bring your appetite to this one. The "Sweet and Spicy" is very different, but yet again the beef flavor does break through the accompaniments and I liked it very much as well.Fries were excellent and the overpriced Scalloped Potatoes (essentially Mashed potatoes and cheese) were to die for and I am NOT sure why!Five Star Hamburgers, in spite of the price!
2	First, let me start by saying I go out in the Arcadia and Biltmore areas a lot.  So, for the sake of the community and having more choices, I wanted to like The Grind - heck, I wanted to love it!  But...I have to say my first visit to The Grind for a meal will probably be my last.I went here for lunch with a friend, although it was actually just after the lunch rush, around 2pm.  The place was virtually empty, so at the very least, we could enjoy great service, right?!  Nope.  Not only did neither of us enjoy our meals - I love sweet potatoes, but don't even think about ordering the sweet potato fritters here - but I felt like we were twisting our waitress' arm any time she came over to help us.I don't enjoy writing bad reviews, so I'll just stop here.  I wouldn't recommend The Grind unless it's just for a drink (I liked the look of the beer selection on the menu) and someone else you're with really wants to go.
4	I was excited to try this place as I had heard many rave reviews from friends. I took my mom, a burger lover, on a Friday night.  Our server was nice, and prompt, and it was not too busy for a friday night at 6:45.  I ordered the sweet and spicy, mom got the peppercorn crust burger.  Both were fantastic, and dare I say one of the best burgers I have ever had in my life!  The waitress informed us that the peppercorn crust was the chefs favorite, and I can see why.  The candied jalepenos were to die for and I like me some spice, but the flavor of the peppercorn one was so good, I will be ordering that one next time.  The only disapointment was the fries - they were hard, and not in a good way.  They tasted old, and overcooked.  The burgers were the stars here, and next time I plan on ordering a different side, and possibly splitting the burger so I can have room for some donuts with butterscotch sauce that look insane.  I also loved that they have Stella on tap for a very reasonable $4.  I will definitely be a dedicated customer.  Service was very friendly and prompt also.  If I can find a good potato side here, I'll up my rating to 5 stars easily!
3	One of the tastiest burgers in PHX, very good service, but  the food can be inconsistent.  Very good atmosphere, with all the flat screen TVs, but a couple of recent visits showed "all the good seats" taken, pushing us to the rear of the restaurant in cramped quarters.  This restaurant does not get four (4) stars because of the difficult parking and the ridiculous policy of the chef who will only sell onion rings with a steak!  Ludicrous!
2	So, I gave it another try last week and I think it was worse than the first time. The service was better but the food --- if you're feeling low on sodium then head on over to The Grind. It's PURE SALT. My mouth was still salavating from the sodium overload hours later. Yuck. Plus, the burgers are these TOWERS... okay, so its impressive presentation for two minutes but then you try to eat them and its frankly just a pain in the arse. My advice - go to The Grind for wings, fries & beers at the bar but skip the burgers or any other food. Two burgers, fries, 1 beer, 2 glasses of wine = $65 salty meal that leaves you unsatisfied and craving Zin Burger or Delux.
1	not good when I went back when they first open, but I heard that they have gotten better. Still, I will not even waste my time going back and trying anything form there.
3	Granted the best of Phoenix 2010 for hamburgers, we had to try if this was true. I shared a BTL. This was ok, meat tasted really good, but the buns were very plain. Then I tried a bit of the mushroom burger. This one has a good taste for being a veggie burger. The place is a bit odd, the mix of a sports bar, in a rectangle with fancy burgers....makes it a surreal experience. Despite all other reviews we did have a good service. Yet... I will stay with D.
5	I abso love the food! 5 Stars for sure. Ambiance 5 Stars most def!!  The service, however, I go for the food & friends!
4	This is based on my first visit to The Grind. I am surprised at some of the low ratings because I had such a good experience. I met Chrissy P for an early dinner at The Grind one evening. I was struck by how narrow this place was. The booths were small and kind of uncomfortable in my opinion. We had arrived at the tail end of happy hour and our waitress was nice to put a couple of glasses of wine and bubbly in for us before the happy hour cutoff. We started with the baked cheese with strawberry relish. I thought it was very tasty. The saltiness of the cheese was really good with sweet relish. For my entree I chose the special of the day which was the tenderloin sandwich with cream cheese. It was SO YUMMY. The tenderloin was well cooked and tender and the schmear of cream cheese was fantastic. We got talked in to dessert. We chose the salted caramel w/mini donuts. That's where they fell short for me. I was wondering where the salt was in the salted caramel. I think if they topped the caramel with a little Fleur de sel, it would have been fantastic. I plan to visit The Grind again. I hope my good luck with the good food and service doesn't run out!
4	Delish burgers. Small menu, but I think that's a good thing. Very large burgers with a fabulous flavor. I hesitate to even write this, because it can be hard to get in to this place (it's pretty small to begin with) but if you are looking for a delicious burger (like you get in the midwest) try The Grind-you won't be disappointed! Go early or late for lunch...unless you don't mind a wait.
4	2nd time here, i tried it and reviewed it about 2 years ago and i wasn't impressed..I WAS WRONG! Seems i just had a bad burger that time! Key is to get it MEDUIM or MEDUIM RARE- This way it stays juicy! went today was super yummy, got the sweet & spicy + Sweet potato fries....great stuff
4	Correction!  The Grind is OPEN on Sunday! Our planets have yet to align.  I had every intention of giving it a try tonight so I searched Yelp to confirm the address and learned The Grind is closed on Sundays.  I thought that was odd but OK there's religion.  Incidentally, I drove by later that night and, by God, the place was open!  Maybe I'll say a prayer and see you another time, The Grind.  Looks like a nice dark spot for a Sunday night burger.
5	Fantastic Food - Lousy Decor! For a restaurant who's reputation is based on having the tastiest burgers in town having my friends & I sit in a booth with a Poster Sized Picture of Joe Appaio (aka The Nazi Sheriff of Arizona) in the booth enjoying one of these tasty burgers was rather tasteless! Two of my friends refused to order anything, which made me realize how much hatred the Hispanic community has for The Sheriff! I have no political affiliation so I give you my honest opinion, the food is scrumptious! The architecture & ambiance was also very nice. Now if only someone can talk to the owner of this joint to keep pictures of public figures such as Joe out of booths people dine in I believe he would get a lot less hate!!! Sport figures such as Ali, Robinson, DiMaggio, Namath, McEnroe might be a safer bet! (OK Johny Mac might not be such a safe choice!) BTW I will go back & definitely ask not to be seated w/ Joe again! LOL
2	It's Arcadia.  That's about all I like about it.  I don't like the decor for many reasons.  It reminds me of a long bowling alley, things I can overlook if the burgers were better.  The burgers are dry and don't taste of much.  For instance, the peppercorn borger barely had any hing of pepper flavor.  The fries are okay, at least they have good beer.
3	This place does not live up to the hype.  The burger is good, but I think this place tries too hard.  A great burger can stand on its own, and doesn't need to be tricked up.  As for the wine list, it looks like a list that the distributor picked out for them.  It ranged from wines I could find easily at most shops to well known expensive wines that only demonstrate that any idiot with cash to burn can buy a wine with a big reputation.  I had the Layer Cake malbec and it was a terrible wine.    Thankfully they were charging happy hour prices, so I didn't feel the pain too badly.  Still, they could do much better than this, and they could offer a more comprehensive list of beers.  The doughnut dessert was awesome, though.  Loved that caramel butterscotch sauce.
5	Went in mid afternoon when it wasn't too crowded, very laid back atmosphere but not completely dead. Although I was almost afraid it was closed by the frosted panes on the outside and closed doors, gratefully peeking inside showed signs of life.   Had prompt and generously friendly service by very energetic and positive waitstaff.  Surprisingly long and large place for what looks otherwise like the usual strip mall location standard for Phoenix; its a shame this place isn't in a better location instead of sandwiched in between cheap chain stores.   Sat under the picture of the great (!!??) Joe Appaio (I'm not even from Arizona and I know his reputation).  Great menu with original combinations: had a carmelized jalepeno/fried ratatoille burger with side of broccolli and ginger beer to drink, and chocolate bread pudding for dessert.  Not too pricey for a filling meal with original flair.
5	Best burger I've ever had (sweet and spicy burger). Awesome neighborhood place. Enough said.
4	Simply put, The Grind provided one of the top five burgers I've ever eaten in my life. The peppercorn burger was piled high with toppings and as amazingly flavorful as I'd been told to expect. The service was friendly, attentive, and fast. The food was juicy, flavorful, and reasonably priced. Their hot wings were flavorful and the bread pudding made a grand end to the meal.Though my initial order was brought out slightly off (with cheese despite my request) they cooked up a replacement in under 5 minutes and had it out to the table in no time. Similarly, when a friend's drink was a bit too bitter for her taste the bartender mixed up a second version more to her liking, but did not charge her any additional fee.The only downside: I found the fries a tad unimpressive and overpriced. Ah well, not the reason I came here. If you're near this end of Phoenix I'd highly reccomend giving The Grind a shot.
3	Very pricey for what you get. I didn't have dinner, just drinks and dessert, and although the donuts were good, it was a very small portion and overpriced. The wine was $10 a glass...
3	Let me start by saying that I was a VERY good Yelper regarding the Grind. After my first visit, I thought it deserved 2 stars but waited it out to see if it was an acquired taste. After heading there to watch the BCS National Championship Game Monday Night (which, by the way, was possibly the most BORING game I'd ever had the displeasure of watching. The most interesting thing about that game was Oregon's footwear.), I now feel confident that the Grind falls squarely on "A-OK". You know how sometimes you get so used to associating one thing with another thing, you start to mentally associate them even if the second thing is missing? Like Affliction shirts and being a huge douchebag. You could be a very nice person. A gentleman and a scholar. But if you talk to me with a shirt that has holographic angel wings on the back, it will be absolutely impossible for me to get the thought of you being a huge douchebag out of my head long enough to give you a fair chance. Maybe that's me being judgmental, but I prefer to think of it as excellent time management. Who has time to get to know everyone?This is kind of how I felt about the burgers at the Grind the first time I visited. Their whole shtick is they grill them in a bajillion degree oven, which gives the patty a charred finish. I tend to associate this charred taste with "dry, overcooked burger", and it was hard to get over that association the first time I visited.  However, on my last visit I came to the conclusion that just because the outside has that interesting almost-burnt flavor, the inside is still actually quite juicy and delicious.  Not to mention, the toppings for this particular burger (I had the Sweet and Spicy both times) are spectacular. So, yes, even though it took two visits, I finally did acquire a taste for the Grind's burgers and now I can say I'm a fan.However, it bothers the shit out of me when restaurants serve $10 burgers that don't come with a side of fries. Considering that potatoes are like the cheapest thing on the planet and french fries are possibly one of the most delicious food groups to ever exist, this should be standard practice. We did order a side of fries (a la cart), and they were good (not as crispy as I would have liked, but fair), but come on, nothing on the side of a $10 burger? At least Fez gives you a salad. I would have probably given the Grind 4 stars if it wasn't for this, but this review only comes with 3. The other one is a la cart, on the second page of the menu.
4	Great burgers & chicken sandwich. Very artfully done, but tastes very well. Presentation is fantastic, but doesn't come at the expense of the food.  I will definitely be back!
4	Didn't know it was a burger joint.I ordered the tilapia and it was good.Got the chicken wings appetizer - now THOSE were GOOD!!Good service.  It was quite busy.  The other folks in the party enjoyed their burgers.
4	First time visiting the Grind and I was impressed.  I had the Steak BLT burger and it was fantastic!  It must have something to do with how they cook it in the coal-burning oven because it was juicy, well seasoned and cooked to perfection.  It was huge and I had to use a knife and fork to eat it but no complaints there.  I will definitely go back for another burger!
4	I gotta say, I really liked the Grind, and so did my family.  We went here this past Friday and all sampled several things off the menu, all of which were tasty and unique.I tried the asparagus appetizer and the wings, which were both great.  The family enjoyed the fried ratatouille that came with the wings, so the waitress brought us two extra sides of it, which was really nice.  The sauce on the wings was quite good with the wings, ratatouille, and fries.  I ordered the tilapia and shared it with Hubs and he got the sweet and spicy burger.  The burger was fabulous and everyone there agreed it was better than Delux.  Finally, we had dessert... chocolate bread pudding, which was awesome and the donuts, which were great, but the kicker was the butterscotch sauce it came with.  That sauce was GREAT, and combined with the chocolate bread pudding it was close your eyes and enjoy good.I was extremely satisfied with the Grind and will go again.  Loved the vibe of the place.  The service may have been a bit slow, but the waitress was very nice and we didn't mind the slowness because we weren't trying to rush dinner.  All in all, go to the grind, you'll be happy you did.
5	There is a reason taht my very first review is for one of my favorite restaurants in town, and also my favorite burger. Even before i saw my burger, i saw our waitress who was a tatted up fool, and i felt at home. i was reading articles on the sweet and spicy, and even though the name scared me a bit since i dont do great with spicy food, i was pleasantly surprised with candied jalapenos which neutralized a lot of the spice. The burger came out towering over itself, and the outside had that nice hardened coal fired edge and all the juices were trapped inside when i bit in. The fries were lightly seasoned and cut not too skinny and certainly not steak fry size. The mac and cheese could've been cheesier and less salt but that is because of the ham in it. The wings had a nice spice, but couldve done with a little grilling after saucing themBut who cares about the rest of the menu, when you have a flagship item like the sweet and spicy. anyone that can handle slight spice in their life and a an explosion of taste and miracles in your mouth, do not pass on the sweet and spicy.
4	Yum yum yum!Great place for burgers, drinks, and a place to watch a game! The space here is a bit limited, so not great for accommodating large groups.Their burgers are juicy and their buns are light and crispy- not heavy and soggy with grease.I prefer here over DeluxBurger.
3	I've had one good experience and one not so good experience here so I am on the fence. The sweet potato fritters were awesome! They no longer serve them. The mac and cheese has way too much pepper in it now, and this is typically a hard food to mess up in my opinion. Easy to get in the first time, second time, waited 45 min and people from the bar got up and stole our table before the buser could clean it and the mgr on that night did nothing about it when the hostess brought it to her attention. (I did call up the next day and got a compensation gift certificate from one of the other higher ups). So if you get there early you probably enjoy your experience more. I'll re post if I go back.
5	Great place hiden in a strip mall. INCREDIBLE burgers and great atmosphere.  I wish I didnt live so far away, I'd be there every week!
5	AMAZING!!! I went here the other night and had the best burger ever!! Literally I doubt anyone can top this!! The prices are decent too! This little "hole-in-the-wall" doesn't do little for their food :) The burgers were huge and yummy! The Grind reminded me of somewhere you would find in NYC.. The lighting and even the awesome TV's made the restaurant seem very modern with a stylish touch! I will definitely be going here again!!!!!
5	Stopped in on a Saturday night at about ten pm and got a table right away. I got a blueberry hill drink that felt like it needed something more, or a little bit less of something. Still a large drink, and not too bad. We ordered the appetizer of rosemary brie.  The menu said serves 2 but definitely more like 4. Had left overs.  For burgers we got the BLT and the Nogales burger med rare. The food came quick and the staff very friendly. BLT was AWESOME. Juicy and flavorful. Snagged one bite of the Nogales, and it was tasty too. Highly recommend and will definitely come back.
5	The Sweet n' Spicy Burger is the best burger I have ever had in my life.  It's not so much the actual burger patty that is delicious, but the combination of toppings that make it so unbelievable.  The fried ratatouille gives it a little crunch.  The candied jalepenos provide just enough sweet to balance out the spice factor.  As you're chewing it just kind of melts together in your mouth.  I could eat one every day for the rest of my life.  Simply amazing.The Mac n' Cheese with ham is stellar.  Super creamy and smooth.  Probably not low in calories.  The fries are crispy and seasoned just right.  And don't forget the mini doughnuts!  They're the perfect sweet after your meal and the salty caramel dipping sauce is pretty much orgasmic.  If there's any left over, you'll be eating it with a spoon.Highly recommend.  Great neighborhood gem.
3	Great burgers.  a little pricey, and the online menu is out of date.  Both things I wanted, are no longer available.
4	When you don't eat meat and your friends start saying things like "We HAVE to go to this burger joint".... well, you suppress your inner groan and go see what the noise is all about. So when you go, you might have to sit at the bar waiting until a booth opens up, but that's good - there's always something to watch whether it's people or a game. And then when you move to your booth or small-top table, you'll feel cosily alone - there's something in the noise level overall that shields you from having to share in too many of the conversations around you. Your waitress will be good looking and bright. You never know whether you're going to stumble on an amazing solo performer or a raucous basketball game, but even on a quiet night this place is fun.I suggest trying a Moscow Mule made with Hendricks Gin. It'll come in a coooold copper mug. Go ahead and order a second one, but don't expect to be driving anywhere soon.
4	I went on my second visit last night and I think I fell in love...with the sweet and spicy burger that is. Juicy, med-rare, perfectly spicy and sweet. I also am a big fan of their blueberry cocktail.
5	I am a regular here every weekend.  The chicken sandwich and the peppercorn burger are outstanding. Love the PBR on tap!  Great place and wonderful bartenders!
5	My experience was wonderful!  It started out with a pleasant greeting at the door, where we were then sat immediately at a comfy booth.  Our server, Teresa, was very attentive and knowledgeable.  Their mesquite charred chicken wings have got to be the best I've ever had!  I'm craving them right now!!!  I also ordered the Nogales burger and it was absolutely delicious!   They're very crafty with their burger combinations, I would have never thought to put chorizo on a burger.  :o)  Their french fries were tasty as well.  If they can be enjoyed without ketchup, that's a good sign in my book.  Also had the little donuts that are drizzled with butterscotch sauce, complete with extra sauce on the side.  I don't usually like butterscotch...anything, but these were absolutely AMAZING!!  Though they're great all my themselves, I thought to order a side of vanilla ice cream to combine a bit w/ every bite, and it was a scrumptious combination!  This is one of my new favorite places!  Not your everyday classic hamburger, but if you're looking for something different, I would highly recommend giving this place a try! :o)
4	My first visit to the Grind was a 7pm dinner on a sunday with my 11 year old son.  We're pretty regular visitors to Delux Burger, but we've been hearing about the Grind for a while and thought we'd try it out for a change.There were many people eating and drinking at the bar watching various games on the flat panels, but there was no wait to get a table.  In my experience staff at some of the other trendier restaurants around town tend to be a bit cool toward patrons with kids, but everyone at the Grind was accommodating and friendly to my son.  Our server took time to answer our questions about the burgers and made recommendations for us.  My son ordered a basic burger and I had the Steakhouse BLT Burger.  The burgers were HUGE, the meat was very flavorful, both were cooked to perfection, and the presentation was top notch.  We also shared an order of the herbed fries which were a nice compliment to the burger.  Not the best fries I've had, but good enough.All in all a very positive first experience at the Grind.  Highly recommended for a great burger in a cool atmosphere.
2	Soooo I was craving a good burger and had heard good things about The Grind so I decided to check it out.  What I got was a very good burger but very poor service and a pricey bill.I got there just in time for happy hour and ordered a Kiltlifter on the HH menu.  The bartender was nice and offered to ring in two for me so I could get the deal since "they are only $2" but I had to function later so I declined.  I told the bartender I was going to order food as well and he slides me a menu.  Aaaand then proceeded to forget about me for 20 minutes.  Granted I had my beer but my main purpose for going there was because I was starving.A gentleman sat next to me and experienced the same thing, it took him 15 minutes to get a beer and the bar was not busy at all.  The main bartender was too busy chatting with his one regular about the NFL draft or air humping to pay attention to his guests.  Yes I said air humping.  I think you get what I am saying.  He even forgot to finish making a drink for his regular half way through because he stopped to get a drink of root beer.  Someone forgot to take their ADD meds today.Finally one of the other employees came over and took the order of 4 other bar patrons and alerted the 2 bartenders that she had to do their work.  The main bartender pitched a bitch fit to his other bartender about how it wasn't his fault and gossip gossip gossip but dude, it was your fault.After waiting to be recognized again, I finally ordered my burger and it was amazing.  Hands down one of the best burgers in town.  My gripe?  It ended up being a $12 with no side.  No fries, no salad, not even a pickle.  I also only got 2 cheese choices, cheddar and swiss.  Come on what is this McDonalds?So I drank my beer, wolfed down my burger and tried to ignore the antics of one annoying bartender.  Grand total for beer and burger was $15.75 (beer was actually $3.50 not $2).  Was the burger amazing?  Yes!  Did feel like I got my moneys worth?  No.  Did I want to punch that annoying bartender in the face? YES!  I would expect this kind of service in Scottsdale but this is Arcadia folks, step it up.
4	I agree with many of the reviews.  The sweet and spicy burger is just that good.  I really do think it's the best burger I've ever had.  And for $10, it better be.  My only problem with it is the price.  I'd be more than ok with a $10 burger and fries.  But $10 for the burger? Eh, maybe it is that good, but I still would like some fries with it, please.  Last time I went I had the peppercorn burger.  It was flavorful and delicious, but from this point forward, I am ordering the sweet and spicy burger and nothing else.The place is small and usually pretty full.  Food comes out fast and the servers are attentive. Beer and wine selection is pretty good.  I normally love trying a variety of different beers from around the globe, but having a delightful glass of PBR takes me back to the days when I couldn't afford good beer.  Why not have a $3 PBR with my $10 burger? At least it's cheaper than the $4 side of fries. Last time I splurged on the $4 pint of Four Peaks, but I did kinda miss the PBR.....
4	Great burger bar! Friendly staff, good drinks, and delicious food... what more could u ask for. The sweet and spicy burger is a definite fav, but the turkey burger and Nogales  burger are close seconds.  The grilled chicken wings are the  best I've ever had with a light char and crispy skin, they are served with a celery slaw and fried zucchini strings , wing sauce, and ranch or blue cheese! I always get the potato gratin for a side because its cheesy, perfectly cooked, And to die for. The fries are excellent as well. Save room for the mini donuts with caramel sauce. It almost makes me mad every time I eat them because I want to eat all 5 but, I have to share. The staff is friendly, efficient , and it's a great atmosphere to watch a game and have a good meal. They have lots of other vegetarian and sandwich options too.
5	I really cant describe how amazing this place is.  I never had this place before and after the first time I'm hooked! They have amazing root beer on tap, which is a rarity, and let me tell you its amazing.  I had it in float form and they use high quality vanilla ice cream.  I had the Kobe beef burger with tempura shitaki mushrooms and it was cooked perfectly and the taste was incredible, I would come back alone just for this plus the root beer.Then we decided to try an order of wings.  The only way I can describe these wings is OMFG, i think they literally ruined me for wings.  They were the most amazing wings I had ever had.  I don't think I will be able to have wings from anywhere else after these.  They don't even need ranch or sauce, it only takes away from the flavor.  We ordered about 3 plates of wings after the burger.We were absolutely stuffed and didn't consider desert, but our waitress brought us an order of their fresh doughnuts with salted butterscotch, talk about heaven.  They are light and tiny and delicious.  Needless to say now we are customers for life!
3	I have eaten at this restaurant twice and this is my experience. My first experience was the Peppercorn burger. Large patty, good flavor, with just the right amount of "char" on the outside. With the toppings and bun I was feeling full half way through. My only complaint was that I ordered it medium and it was more medium well. This is something I have come to terms with at most burger places though (unfortunately), and would probably recommend just ordering one step below how you like it cooked. Overall, a juicy and tasty burger!My second visit was a little more disappointing. I was with a party of four and two people both ordered beef burgers and really enjoyed their meal. My other friend and I ordered turkey burgers and weren't as happy. The turkey didn't have a 100% meat type texture. We both agreed it reminded us more of the texture of a meatball when you add egg and breadcrumb filler. I should have asked the server... It didn't necessarily taste bad, but as my friend (who is a triathalete) stated "I ordered the turkey on purpose because I wanted the lean protein, not turkey meat mixed in with some other stuff". A must do is the candied jalepenos. Don't get them on the sandwich because they are a little stingy. Pay the $2 dollars and get them on the side in a nice sized little serving dish. They are the this amazing combination of sweet, tangy, and hot (dig a few seeds out for yourself). We ended up passing this around the table and just eating them with our forks.I would go back (and I'll ask about that turkey).
3	3.5 stars for me.  My first thought upon walking in was "wow, it's small."  Not a bad thing necessarily.  Could be a good thing in fact.I ordered a "Blushing Lady" cocktail (gin, Citronage, lemon juice, simple syrup, and a splash of sloe gin).  I'm pretty sure it was served in a dribble glass because I seemed to have difficulty actually consuming it.  But what I did have was perfect for me, and I would like another.I also opted for the special that evening which was a tenderloin sandwich with poblano, swiss, watercress, and charred onion.  While the poblano and onion sold me on it, I didn't quite get the swiss and watercress.  It was good, but could have been better with another cheese IMHO.  Also tried the herbed fries (delicious) and the mac 'n cheese (not as delicious).  The mac 'n cheese was good, but lacked the gooey cheesiness I crave.  We finished with warm doughnuts and salted butterscotch.  Doughnuts were fantastic, and it's hard not to like the butterscotch, but the "salted" part was missing.  A touch more please.I had kinda forgotten about The Grind, but now that I'm reminded of it, it's worth a second visit.
3	Having only been there twice, I can't really say I know the entire menu. I liked the burger that I had there. And I really liked the drink they make there called the "Purple Rain."
3	Okay, first of all, we have driven by this place maybe 4-5 times a week and thought it was a coffee house. Never would go there with Hava Java as an option. So we were shocked to find out that this was a bar.  Like the atmosphere with good lighting and an all around good feel to the place. Cocktails were spot on. Even with a spilled cocktail the staff was excellent and gave us another at no charge. The food wasn't that memorable. We got the tamale burger. Very dry and the tamale had an off taste to it. On the bright side the fries were delicious. Not sure what spices they put in it, but we thought they had a hint of nutmeg or cinnamon which was very tasty. Definitely go back for drinks and will give the sweet and spicy burger a try. The waitress recommended that! We will reyelp next visit!
5	Just when I think I have had the best burger, I get to a place like the grind and prove myself wrong! This is not a bad thing though! I usually go for the simple, regular burgers in order to put the meat up front, but the waitress recommended the sweet and spicey burger. Thank you thank you thank you! Best burger I've had to date!French fries were good, but a lil too sweet for me.Mac and cheese is the tits!cheers
3	$12 burgers. Stacked redicously high on a thick bun. No way it fits in your mouth without some serious compression. I've only been there for lunch. They have a fancy front door. Inside is very modern and hip. Attention is paid to presentation and the meals come out on various fancy plates or trays that are slightly bigger then what's on the plate.
5	Coal fired grill is an interesting twist, flavors the burger nicely. The Peppercorn burger was cooked perfectly to my liking, and tasted amazing. Fries & mac & cheeze were also excellent. Certainly worth the visit when you want a burger that's "more than just a burger"
3	even after 1.5 hours wait i loved the atmosphere and did not mind the wait at all. the service was good. not too friendly but everything we needed was on table. Disappointment was domestic Kobe burger. it was served overdone (just little pink in center after i ordered it medium - rare) it is served with Asian slaw ( peanut dressing) which is served on top of the burger. It was way too strong and it took away from the burger itself. it was hard to taste the meat with so much peanut sauce in the slaw. If i was to order this dish again, i would ask for slaw on the side. the fries were fantastic and fried cheese was very good. i will definitely be back for more for my friends loved their burgers. the 3 stars is for the fact that burger was way overdone and i could not taste the major component to that dish - Meat!
5	The burgers are great, fries are great, and you can taste test Jameson's top shelf whiskeys for $15.
4	Just had the BLT burger. Incredible. Asked for it medium rare and it came on the rare side but that's good for me. The tomato was good and onion was nothing special, but the meat made it exceptional. Fries are the only reason it is not 5 stars. Nothing special at all. Service was great though and she kept my water full to the top! Highly recommended and can't wait to go back.
5	The Peppercorn Burger is amazing! Truly the best burger I have ever had. I'm not a huge burger fan as I prefer a steak or chicken but this is worth stepping out of the comfort zone. When you walk in it's a dark long bar on one side and tables on the other. I was really unsure about taking my kids in but they were welcomed and we found food for them on the menu. The only downside (for me) is it is far from my home. Great place!
1	Before getting into this particular experience at the Grind, I will say I have been there two other times and enjoyed it, but this time was much different. I went specifically for the scallop potatoes, but I guess they are no longer on the menu (even though they are online) so it got off to a rocky start. We were "greeted" by the server slamming down 2 ice waters in front of us without him saying a word. A hello or how are you would have sufficed. I ordered the Kobe Beef Burger and my GF ordered the grilled chicken wrap. Roughly 25/30 mins later they delivered our food. My GF's wrap was swarming in onions, yet the description on the menu made no reference to onions, so we politely asked for this to be rectified due to her distaste for onions. We were notified that the kitchen could pick them out? Really pick them out when your menu clearly never lists the use of onions. Wow. So she sends it back and snacks on the mac and cheese that we did enjoy. Like I mentioned earlier I ordered the Kobe Beef burger. I asked for it medium rare and at $17 I expected it to be cooked that way... But I guess that's too much to ask. After sending her wrap back I really didnt want to be "that guy" so I ate it but when he asked me how everything was a blind man could see my disappointment. At this point my drink has been empty for 4 or 5 mins and conveniently placed at the end of the table for the eye to see... Apparently not his eyes though. A few minutes later they returned with her wrap. To say the least is was very dry and the flavorless, but maybe that's the price you pay when altering the dish so it is what it is. But then I looked at her plate and saw the puddle of grease draining from her wrap. Its a grilled chicken wrap, where did grease come from? She ate a half of the half and placed it at the end of the table. The server then picked it up and asked if she wanted it wrapped up to go. When 3/4 of her dish is uneaten and we don't want it wrapped up, this is your cue to ask if did not fit her standards, but clearly that didn't happen. Long story short... The server was very aware we did not enjoy our food, service, and overall experience. No offer of a complimentary dessert (actually no offer of a full price dessert) and the bill was dropped off with no discount or anything taken off the bill. The total came to $46 so in reflection of our experience I left $50. A tip I felt was generous considering... Oh ya and he took the bill and counted it right in front of us before we left. Must have been his first rodeo.
5	This is by far the best restaurant in Phoenix... for me.  It might not be your favorite but if I owned a restaurant it would be just like this.  It kinda feels like an upscale hard rock cafe with a sports bar / burger place twist. Plus, I love the music selection here; I could hang out here all the time. I had the Sweet & Spicy burger and it was fantastic... I'll be back for sure.
4	Cool name + Cool Sports Bar + Cool burger + OBSCURE Location = 3.5 StarsHaving them bookmarked for awhile now, I decided it was time.  I had asked the bartender what was the most frequently ordered burger on the menu.  Without hesitation, I got a response of: the Sweet and Spicy.My bubble thoughts went to work: "Sweet + Beef = Potentially Disastrous"So, I probed the bartender on her take of the taste and assured me that the sweetness was going to be A-okay! Alas, I went for it!For sides I went with regular fries plus a cold, refreshing ice tea.  As time elapsed, the moment of truth arrived, the burger that made them famous on Bon Appetit Magazine.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/siXCBrVFOXicbM2R-33-8w?select=y2GXX-6hg6cZ67E5lbLIcABefore taking down this delicious work of art, I couldn't help but to admire the contrasting layers that was well put together.  Snap, snap, I tried to capture the best angle:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/siXCBrVFOXicbM2R-33-8w?select=aGGO64eLJtYt4ch4TVTnRABack to business, first bite into the burger, I was sold.  My worries of sweetness went away.  In fact, it was kind of faint but still bold enough to call it Sweet.  The Spicy aka Candied Jalapenos was just as light and noticeable.  If I was to order this again, I probably would prefer a little bit more heat! The other two ingredients that worked superbly well were the tempura fried ratatouille and fresh, green watercress!  The buns also played a critical role in its overall taste.  It was lightly buttered, toasted and slightly burnt to give it texture and that smoky taste.The only negative that stood out was in the patty.  While parts of it was semi-moist with some pink, the outer layer was evidently dry.  And actually, the fries was a bust, it was just too crispy and anti-fluffy.  No love on that.  Hence, a deduction of .5 stars!If there's one gourmet burger that I could have a craving for, it would have to be this Sweet and Spicy.  The bar has a stylish, contemporary finish to draw the sporty, trendy crowds with plenty of alcoholic options on tap.  The setup is well designed as patrons sitting in both the bar and booths can enjoy watching content on all the LCDs.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/siXCBrVFOXicbM2R-33-8w?select=vhZuCNn94Cmq_PzpOvle7wAll their burgers run $10-11 exception of the Kobe which will cost you a little arm and leg of $17.  I love Kobe meat, so I may be tempted the next time.Happy Hour runs M-F, 4-6PM.
4	The moment I bit into my peppercorn burger, I forgot what all other burgers before this moment had tasted like. Yeah, it was that good. A softball shaped hunk of beef with a crispy peppercorn crust 360 degrees around and dripping with juicy goodness inside, even when it was requested well done. It's almost like biting into a choice cut of filet mignon. There is no sauce on the burger and the seasoning is light handed but the juices flowing from the burger patty more than make up for the misstep. The bun is deliciously soft and the watercress with the charred onion compliment the burger perfectly but I felt like the potato straws were oddly stale and totally unnecessary. If they were meant to add a crunchy texture to the dish, they failed miserably.  The herbed fries were tasty but I think some chopped garlic and shredded parmesan would have elevated them to a "best of" status. Maybe even a little drizzle of truffle oil wouldn't have hurt. The Grind lost one star for charging my kids full price on their beverages ($2.50 for a styrofoam cup of lemonade that didn't need a refill?) and for the Mac and Cheese. I was happy to see they gave a $1 discount for a "kids mac" on the bill but other than the elbow pasta being perfectly cooked al dente, the cheese sauce was completely BLAH. I would think that with a  famed claim to a 1000 degree oven they'd be broiling the crap out of the cheesiest macaroni possible, but alas we got a small cast iron dish of white pasta that even a tablespoon of salt could not save.  Overall, I'd go back but probably just for the burgers and maybe to try the charred veggies, seasonal specials, and delectable looking desserts.
4	The best burgers in town. Grilled veggie appetizer rocks!
4	It IS the best burger in Phoenix.But the drunk idiots at the end of the bar ruin the ambience for me.  Two occasions and both times, D.I.s standing, yelling and partying right by the front door.  Not my thing.But that Sweet / Spicy burger is insane.  Don't take it from me.  I still remember a prominent local restraunteur who also happens to have one of the top 3 burgers in CenPho said:  "I dream about it at night".
5	The new bartender Carrie is the shiz. I've now been back twice while she's working and her business is always on point. She remembered my drink, laughs graciously at my retarded jokes, and is completely aware of her bar. I'll continue to come back because she so good at what she does.
1	What happened?!!! Used to be the best now I'm editing my 5 star to a 1. Lost all care, quality, and pure taste. Staff fails. Bartenders are subpar. It's just not an enjoyable experience anymore. It's like the owners threw in the towel.
4	I went to the Grind for the first time last night with three other people who are at the Grind on the reg. The initial reason we went was to try the wings and compare them to other places. I have to hand it to the Grind, for a burger place, the wings are awesome. We each ordered a burger, Peppercorn, Nogales, Kobe and the Sweet & Spicy. The Nogales didn't wow the crowd but the other three were great. I personally had the Sweet & Spicy-amazing burger. You get a new taste with every bite and you never know if it's going to be super sweet or spicy hot!  We complimented our burgers with an order of regular and sweet potato fries...both great. The three Grind veterans insisted we try the donuts. What a feast. Overall I'd go back to the grind, eat the wings and try a different burger to see what else is good there. Enough about the food. The service was great. Not pushy or too absent. Everyone was friendly and we definitely enjoyed our meal. Great local Phoenix restaurant.
5	Anjelica A. must be a fatass because these burgers are huge!!!!
5	Fantastic place, I'm a huge carnivore and burger fan and these guys do a great job with both the food and the sides. Portions are nice , staff is usually good and the bar is great too!
4	We went to the grind.  Love the interior design, very slick and modern.The staff was fantastic.  Super friendly and helpful.We split a mushroom burger and fries and a salad.   The burger was PHENOMENAL!  Huge (perfect for splitting) and yummy.  So were the fries.  The salad was good.Prices were medium...and affordable.  Happy hour prices were not very drastic compared to others.My only critique is that they are set up to be a "sports bar".  So you have 8 televisions showing sports....and then the ambience is ruined by BLASTING sports commentary and of course the obnoxious sports related  commercials.So, if the sports bar thing is your bag...you will be in heaven.Not my cup o' tea however.  They did turn it down so we could at least hear each others conversation....thankfully.  Next time.....maybe take out.
4	SO my hubby and I were in search of a good burger on Saturday evening and wanted to go somewhere we have never been. SO...our search began. We narrowed our choices down to Delux and The Grind. Delux is closer, so we went there first only to be put on a wait list. HMMM...we thought....maybe this is a sign? So we headed over to The Grind. We have never eaten at Delux before, but upon entering The Grind, we liked the atmosphere better. You wouldn't guess it from the outside but the inside is awesome and intimate. Delux seemed to scrunched for me, but again, never eaten there! I got the BLT burger while my husband opted for the popular Sweet and Sour. We split fries. My mouth literally dropped when our burgers were delivered. I must say I am super confused at a previous post that noted smaller portions. I literally had to stare at the burger for 30+ seconds to figure out how to eat it! Do I cut it? NAH, just dig in. It was HUGE! My husband liked the Sweet and Sour a lot (he loves spicy things) but said I wouldn't be able to handle the spicy-ness. Fries were perfect to share....just a tad bit too much salt. I really wanted to try the doughnuts but we were both so full! Next time!
3	A friend told me this was his favorite burger.  It was good.  It has a strong pepper flavor, but not in the top 5 for me and too pricey.  A bit dark inside.  More of a bar scene than a lunch spot.
3	the good:friendly staffgood burger nice drink selectionthe bad:acoustics! I'd like to hear the people who are speaking to meno place to wait for a seat when its busylack of healthy sides (i like my burger with spinach etc)
2	I really want to like this place. I'm not sure if it's, it's homey ma/pa feel, the layout of a tucked away bar/burger joint, or what. Good place but kitchen closes at midnight even on weekends. Food is just OK... great place to drink, burgers have been dry both times I"ve ordered them even though I always get medium/medium-rate. This is a great place to hang out with friends. However, Is worth the extra 3 minute drive down the road to Relish at the Phoenician if you want a truly good burger and an even better place to hang out for a similar price..
4	Delicious different taste burgers!
2	I am torn in this review. The burgers are very good here, but I had an experience this weekend that was a nightmare. This is one of those cases where the food is exceptional but the service was terrible. There are 2 male bartenders that served us, one was friendly and helpful. The other guy was so rude that I'll never go back. He rolled his eyes at us TWICE! Once because we asked him what burger the guy sitting next to us got. The second time he rolled his eyes was when we asked to split the check. We heard him say to another employee something to the effect "Split the check on $30, stay at home." Sorry to ruin your life bud, but not thrilled on the $17 price tag for the Kobe burger, and that coupled with your attitude just made me never want to return.
4	The Grind is an intimate little bar and restaurant that has some of the best chicken wings I've ever tasted. They cook all of their food in a 1,000 degree fire oven, and you can really tell the difference! The roasted brie and pickled strawberry preserves is also delicious and a great way to start off your meal. They have a variety of cocktails, which are a good deal because they let you keep the shaker with the rest of your drink in it (it's like a bonus drink)! If you go, you have to try the carmelized donuts. They are some of the most delicious things I've ever tasted. The atmosphere is really cool. They repurposed old meat grinders and turned them into lamps with old fashioned light bulbs. The entire place has a very industrial, steampunk feel. Plus, if you get a little too tipsy on their delicious cocktails the Grind Bus can take you home (if you live within 5 miles).
2	Age old burger no-nos.  Bun way bigger than the burger.  Too fat so it was burnt on the outside.  Too fancy for its own good. A real Gut Bomb.  Bread Pudding was runny and burnt.  Waitress was nice.
4	Great little bar in Arcadia. The burger was EXCEPTIONAL. Top notch. Nothing real fancy here, just a great, simple concept with delicious ingredients. I will say, I ordered my burger MED-Rare but it came out MED- well. Still, it was juicy and delicious.
5	I have a list of new restaurants I want to try that's a mile long, but the hubs and I find ourselves back at The Grind again and again.  The food is exceptional - and that's coming from a vegetarian.  I LOVE the portobello sandwich and I have dreams about the rosemary roasted cheese.  I also can't get enough of the Blueberry Hill cocktail with fresh mint.  The atmosphere is casual and just noisy enough to give you a sense of privacy.  Such a cool place, so niftily tucked away in a little strip mall - The Grind is a must-try in my opinion.
2	I'll put it this way -- this place is not worth $55 for lunch for two.Two burgers, an order of fries, a Manhattan ($10), a beer = $55 with tip. Nice little spot, but hard to justify the cost.The burgers were decent but not rave-worthy, the glass seemed underfilled with the Manhattan - though what was there was tasty.If you like over-spending, this place is good. If you're more value oriented, skip it.
3	My boyfriend built up this place nearly every time we passed it, so naturally I had to take him there on his birthday for dessert.Let me just start by saying, I am a real snob about certain desserts-and bread pudding is one of them. I grew up in the south and I have my own personal preferences for how it should be done. And I was NOT crazy about their bread pudding at all. Not only was it very, very overly egg-y and soft (bordering on runny), the flavor lacked anything like a true rum raisin bread pudding. Maybe they put some sauce on the top too far in advance, but the general flavor was not traditional at all to me.Big disappointment. Now, the donuts they served us complimentary for his birthday were amazing. Specifically, that perfect caramel sauce that comes along side them. WOW. I could drink this stuff by the bucket, it is dangerous. The place itself is interesting, a small, quaint place that I imagine gets very loud when packed. Service was good as well. I might return for a meal if they put SOMEthing on the menu that was vegetarian : /
3	I've been here twice now and have been very satisfied with the food and service.  Have had to sit at the bar both times, which I personally don't mind, but there's not a lot of seating in this long and narrow pub.  I'll definitely go again but I think it's a little overpriced for burgers and drinks.  Staff is attentive and helpful.
5	Im not into burgers, but the sweet and spicy was the best burger I have ever eaten. YUM!
4	I really liked this place. The wings were great, my burger was amazing and the fact they ask you how you want it cooked, and they cook it that way! Happy hour is of course your best bet to save a little, but they have top notch wines and spirits. So they're prices are justified. If they have a sommelier, they have done a great job and so has the chef. I liked the ambiance too. It was like being in a basement bar on the first floor. Great for happy hour or special night with the guys or ladies if you really like sports.
5	The burgers are the best I have ever had.  My husband and I split the Peppercorn burger and by the first couple bites I wish I had gotten my own! They are juicy, smokey, and cooked to perfection. Yumm yum yum! We did not get a side because we were looking forward to the donuts for dessert! They have warm doughnuts with a side of salted butterscotch... to die for! Also on tap they have Senoran Root Beer... if you haven't tried it yet you need to, it is the best root beer around & I LOVE that it is on draft here, so cool!I have been to The Grind a couple times now and everything has always been outstanding!
4	While I don't like to hype places up (because really, how GOOD can any one place be) ...How good can one burger joint be over another, or how good can pizza be over another pizza place (when weighing the ones that are all generally Good in the Public Opinion).  Now the word around town is that The Grind is Sofa_King Great.  I will say about The Grind that when you're up for a Burger, this place hits the spot.  I've been here once before August 2010 (don't remember what burger I had but recall it was good) and the other night I had the Peppercorn Burger and it was as good as it gets.  I was starving and really hadn't eaten all day and that helped add to how much this hit the spot, but make no mistake, it was really good and I do enjoy this place for the atmosphere, service, and quality of food.  My friends wife got one of those healthy wraps and she liked it a lot.  The sweet potato fries (we ordered the half sweet potato and half regular fries) and they were good.As for some other areas to review: The atmosphere is nice.  It's casual and not too dark and not too light inside.  (That's how I like it).  There's multiple flat panel TV's above the bar, so plenty of games on at any given time (That's also how I like it).  The service is fine (although based on some other reviews people have been so so satisfied about the service.  That's often going to be the case with most casual establishments - so sometimes it's good, and sometimes not to our satisfaction).  Such is Life!  Anyway, back on track here, the Wait staff and Bar staff have been worth the 20% tip both times.  No complaints by me about this place, however I do see some 2 and 3 star ratings on here.  Where I will dock 1 star and sort of agree with Kristi D.  She mentioned the large photo of Sheriff Joe Arpaio on the wall (while I sense that Kristi doesn't care for Sheriff Joe, I'm neutral about him), but I agree about all the oversized photos of notable names in town who have dined in The Grind.  I'd much rather see real artwork or real photographs on the wall - and not photos of Sheriff Joe, Mark Grace (for those who don't know, he's a former baseball player), and the Mayor of Paradise Valley, all holding their burgers.  Who the hell cares about any of them and their burgers.  I think I'd be more ok with having these photos above me, but they are HUGE enlargements and a bit overkill.  And they are for sale and the proceeds go to some cause.  Look, I'm all for causes and shit, but I wouldn't spend my money on a 36 inch enlargement of these local "notables" holding a burger.  The whole concept is pretty stupid.  But hey, I'm generally uptight and been doing photography 20+ years and probly am just hating on the fact that my photos are hanging on the wall. Side Note:  For those who might have previously had "Liked" The Grind on Facebook but no longer have their page as a Like, it's because they apparently had their group page hacked, so they had to start over.  I found this out when I Liked it the other day noticed there were only about 165 Like's, and certainly I knew this place was way more popular than that.  When I commented that, they commented back about it being hacked and starting the page over.http://www.facebook.com/thegrindarcadia
5	Get the Sweet and spicy burger and a beer. Life doesn't get much better than this! Service is great, food is even better.
3	3.5 giving the extra .5 for the server. I liked the decorthe small feelthe art workservice from the barthe taste of the beefthe size of the pattythe cooked to orderI did not like the toppingsthe priceno side's includedThe burger is a great hunk of beef cooked to order on a huge bun served with burnt bacon and cheddar cheese. The burger was cooked to medium rare as requested but lacked the bark on the outside as I expected from a bazillion degree grill. The toppings made the burger less appealing in my eyes. It was an overkill. Plus the bacon had a burnt flavor. I had great service from the bartender and enjoyed some mini donuts for dessert. I would go back...but will not be craving this one. (Which I had hoped for)
2	I really wasn't impressed with this place at all.  After reading all the reviews I thought the burgers there would change my life but really my life wasn't changed at all.  They have a sign saying they were voted " The Best Burgers in Phoenix" but my experience wasn't the best.I will start off with the good...1. The decor and atmosphere is cool.  This would be a cool place to go and watch a game with your friends at the bar.  The bad1. They should serve all burgers with a knife if they are going to be that big!  I didnt get a knife and my waitress was not around enough for me to ask for one.2. I asked for my burger medium and I got well done.  The outside of the burger was kind of burnt as well.3. The flavor of the burger was just ok, nothing amazing at all.4. The service was the pits.  Our waitress was around maybe twice and we had to ask another waitress for a refill on our drinks and the other waitress looked less than thrilled when we asked for refills.I would rather go to Zinburger or Delux where they have the same atmosphere, better service and probably better burger in my opinion.
5	My wife and I went there last night for a visit and damn it was worth it! We sat at the bar (tended by one of the best bartenders in the valley) and looked through the menu. He came and chatted with us and dropped a bomb on me. "we're running a special burger tonight, wild boar, bacon, arugula, and brandy aioli." You had me at wild boar my friend! I ordered it with Camembert cheese, medium. My first bite of that burger not only confirmed, but cemented what I already knew: this is the best burger joint in town! Beautifully charred boar was juicy and flavorful, accented with the smokey bacon, peppery arugula, slightly sweet yet balanced brandied aioli, finished with a mellow creaminess of the Camembert. Best burger I have ever, ever, EVER had! Bravo to the chef!
5	Great grass-fed burgers!  Hands down the best burgers in Phoenix.  Very creative and more importantly Grass-fed.
3	First off: Their burgers are amazing.  Hands down delicious.  My rare burger was charred on the edges and pink on the inside, and the mushroom-cheese-argula combo on top was awesome.HOWEVER, I typically don't eat meat unless it's from grassfed cows.  Most cows are grassfed for most of their life, and finished on grain.  My convo with the waiter went like this:Me:"Is your meat grassfed?"Waiter: "Yes, it's Harris Ranch outside San Francisco"M: "Is it grassfed it's whole life, or finished on corn?"W: "It's whole life"I ordered and ate my mushroom burger feeling pleased.When I got home, I checked out Harris Ranch here, http://www.harrisranchbeef.com/aboutus/story.html#Anchor-Feeding-11481 where they clearly say their cattle are finished on corn, in a feedlot.Don't get me wrong, the burger was delicious.  However, I would appreciate that everyone is educated the same in the restaurant, especially on the delicate topic of sourcing their food.
5	This is the best burger in Phoenix. Sorry, Delux, you didn't cook my burger to order the last 2 times I went (and by that I mean I order medium rare, and the burger came out medium well to well done. Come on, that is way too expensive to be cooking half of the burger well done!). But let me be clear, this is a superior burger even on Delux's good day. The Grind's burger is unbelievably tender and juicy, but it also maintains a great beef flavor. I've been twice so far, and both times the burger was a perfect medium rare. This is the kind of burger that doesn't need a single topping. You can cut it and eat it like steak. Frankly, it's better than most of the steaks out there. The fries are fantastic.The doughnuts are very good, but I'm not a big sweets person. Oh, and you should probably skip the onion rings. Cooked perfectly, but the liquid batter is really bland. Just get the fries.This is also far superior to Zinburger. Don't waste your money there. Go to The Grind!
5	Sweet and spicy burger is amazing!!  Lots of flavor!  Had the wings as an appetizer!! Nice surprise, they had a tangy, spicy flavor.  I've been here before and will continue to return.  Don't forget the Moscow Mule!!  Refreshing!!
5	Holy Virtuous, Batman! My recent conversion to eating vegan has made it a little more challenging to eat out, so when my husband suggested we eat at The Grind, I thought I was going to have to cave in the presence of the amazingly fantastic Sweet and Spicy Burger. Ho HO, I say! They made me a S&S Burger with a portobello instead, sans cheese, without even batting an eyelash. And cripes, it was Just. As. Good. as the sinful version. I didn't even feel like I was missing anything, because it's really the toppings that make Grind patrons sing. My vegan leanings do not arise from allergies, but rather general health reasons, so I'm a little more flexible than others might be...so, no, I don't know if the buns have dairy in them (but few bread products do) and when I realized my burger came slathered in a spicy mayo, I just scraped it off instead of sending it back. But next time, I'll know to ask them to hold the mayo and pile on extra arugula. I'm assuming the amazing tarragon-infused fries are fried in vegetable oil, and if they're not, then I just want to remain blissfully ignorant. I bet they would even make a portobello substitution for any of their burgers. Can't wait to go back to find out!
3	The Grind has been on my list of places to go in Phx since I moved here nearly a year ago (it's a long list). I finally made it there with my bf this past weekend and was pleasantly surprised. I never thought much of it but as soon as I saw that etched glass door and red lights I knew I was coming in with the wrong expectations. Behind that door is a pretty cool decor and atmosphere. Game on. I got a local beer in a glass jar and ordered a Peppercorn Burger, my bf got the Mushroom Swiss. We also shared half and half friends. I decided to top it off with the delicious doughnuts!Pros: the burger tasted great and was cooked perfectly, beers in jars, tasty dessert, cool decor, friendly staff.Cons: the burgers are super messy. they are hard to hold, fall apart and drop sauce everywhere. There should be a better beer list, longer and more local. Would go again and recommend to others
4	Four stars for their sweet and spicy burger.I've been here many times for dinner and can't get enough of their sweet and spicy burger. It's complete with candied jalapenos and fried ratatouille - what's not to like? If you usually order medium well though (like I do) you must order well done - otherwise you won't be happy, trust me. And yes, it's quite messy - so maybe not a good place for a first date. I also love their warm mini donuts and carmel sauce for dessert - they melt in your mouth!Not the biggest fan of their mac & cheese, but I know others that love it. Keep in mind, The Grind is a bar type atmosphere - has lots of TVs if you're wanting to watch a game and is a little loud. Fun place to go with friends!
5	Burgers are fantastic, service is friendly, vibe is just right - hip and mellow. But the best thing about this place is that you must have been taken there by a local, because it would never in a million years occur to a tourist to 1) visit this obscure location and 2) go through the humble, mysterious doorway. There is consequently an immediate "very local" feel to the place that I think really adds to a restaurant's appeal.
5	What a great place this is! The mixologist encouraged me to try the portobello burger and it was to die for! I usually prefer veggie burgers over mushroom, but it was ridiculously good. I also had the best bloody mary there.  Mind you, I've never liked them but whatever yummy deliciousness he put in my glass converted me! Great vibe, cool staff. Oh and definitely try the mini donuts...
5	Kobe Burger rocked! Best Burger I've eaten since moving to Phoenix.
5	I've only eaten here once but it's hard to imagine a better burger. Went in on a Friday night and was seated immediately. It was busy but not packed. Ordered the Kobe burger with tempura mushrooms and Asian slaw and it was absolutely amazing. Also got the six cheese scalloped potatoes and while it wasn't a huge portion, they were fantastic. For 2 burgers, a couple drinks, an appetizer and a side the bill was roughly $60. I plan on going here again and soon.
5	GREAT food and excellent service.  I work with a lot of restaurants, and this is my "1st choice" when it's my chance to pick.  The Sweet and Hot Burer will blow your mind.   GO NOW!!! And dont forget to order the donuts..... but get your own plate. They are mind altering!
5	I visited The Grind on a Thursday a little before noon. We had no problem getting a table right away. The service was great, we were in and out on our own timeline, not theirs. I ordered the "Grilled portobello sandwich / fried zucchini, ricotta salata, wild arugula / $10" and "Half and half fries / $5" (half sweet potato/hald herbed fries), and water. I was disappointed that fries do not come with the burgers, but I know that their product is supposed to be supreme, so it comes at an extra cost.The burger was amazing! I have never had a better mushroom burger-it was somehow juicy! I would order it again in a heartbeat. The fries were good, the sweet potato fries were my favorite.The servers were really nice and checked on us several times. I will definitely return here in the future!
5	Here's a quick quickie! I LOVE The Grind. I was introduced to this place by good friend, Carole. Miss Carole knows the best of the best hot spots and restaurants in Phoenix. Today was my 3rd visit and I can't say enough about this place and the food. I always have my regular: Mesquite charred chicken wings served with cool salad, crispy vegetables and Onion Rings & Herbed fries.  ***This place serves the best chicken wings in my opinion.*** Choice of drink: Argentina's Layer Cake Malbec & a glass of Iced tea. For dessert: I always share Warm doughnuts with salted butterscotch. I do my best to only have one...I have to guard my girlish Size 6 figure! Always seated promptly. Food never takes long to arrive & servers/ bartenders continue to fill my glass of iced tea. I am easy to please...and this place does it for me every time. Bravo! Cheers***
3	As others have said, this place is really cool!  When I walked in, I was definitely impressed by the decor and ambiance!Our server was just as cool as the place!  She did a great job and really made us feel comfortable.The food was hit or miss.  I had a Kobe burger and it was pretty good.  I really didn't care for the toppings.  Why put slaw and tempura mushrooms on such a good piece of meat?  The bun was good, but a bit small for the giant hamburger.  For $17, I think a bit more could be done....As a side note, my first burger came out overcooked.  They recooked it and were very nice about it, but I would be very concerned to eat anything more than a burger cooked to medium temp there.  The coal oven is so hot that it would burn the exterior of the burger before the inside's done.  Just a concern to note.One of my sons had the tempura battered chicken tenders.  They were terrible.  The tempura wasn't good.  Greasy.  Hard.  And the tenders were tough.  The dipping sauce wasn't good.My other son had mac n cheese.  It's hard to mess this up, but they did.  It just wasn't good.The herb fries were average.  The sweet potato fries were good.We had donuts for dessert.  Again, very average.If I went back, I think I'd stick to simple burgers and order them 1 temp under where I want to eat my burger.  That said, I'd try it again as it seems to have great potential, I just don't think I'm a fan of many of the menu items and I'd have to have some go-to favorites....
1	The food is delicious.  The service:  discriminatory.  The bartender, blonde gentlemen, went around to everyone else, then finally acknowledge us.  This is embarrassing, I don't know what else to say.
5	Best burger I've had in Phoenix. I'll start there.Was here for dinner and drinks a while back, and I'm disappointed in myself that I've yet to return. Atmosphere is great. Kinda dark, cool bar, nice booths. It's a place you can sit and talk and enjoy good food and drinks for a few hours (which we did).I had a couple of whiskey based drinks (think an old fashioned with a twist), that I liked very much. Was a good way to start the evening. After a little while, we ordered. I got a burger with white cheddar, BBQ sauce, bacon and arugula, cooked medium rare. At a place like this, you can actually order your burger cooked like a steak, since they're so good and the flavor is enhanced even more. The burgers are huge...It takes up most of a dinner place.The burgers are cooked in a special oven, and I don't know exactly what they do, but it's working. Wonderfully charred on the outside, moist, juicy and flavorful on the inside. The toppings were all wonderful, and although there was a ton of arugula, the peppery flavor complimented nicely. We also ordered fries, which have Parmesan and taragon, and are delicious. Literally every part of the meal was delicious.   We finished the evening off with some Moscow mules and called it a night. Overall it was a great experience, and if someone asks me where the best burger around is, I know where to direct them. Please note, this place isn't cheap. Burgers and sides for 2 will be $35-40, add in drinks and you're looking at $50-60. For some, it might be too expensive for a burger. For me? It's worth every penny (hell, I'd probably happily pay more). I want to return, and soon.
1	The service here was not attentive at all. I was sitting at the bar and when you wait for 6 min for a refill of water but you had to ask for a refill at that point is bad. Also when you order a BBQ burger that is supposed to have a garlic aioli on the burger, when it comes out without either of these items and the bartender try's to tell me that it's not supposed to be smothered. Not a hint of dressing or BBQ to be doing anywhere. It's not good when the staff argues with he customer telling him he is wrong for not knowing what a gourmet burger is. I guess I will be hitting up Delux next time instead of this. I would pass on this place.
5	Amazing burgers. Amazing drinks  (best moscow mule in town), awesome bartenders.   If u could give 6stars I would.
5	Best burger I have ever had. Hands down.That is what I was told before I went there and without a doubt it lived up to the hype. I had the Nogales Burger and my brother got the Sweet and Spicey. We intended on sharing so we could sample more than one burger. But we quickly forgot about that agreement as soon as we started eating.Atmosphere was great. Lighting and menus were cool and the front door is unique and just adds a great feel. Absolutely delicious.
5	This was the best burger that my husband and I have ever had!   The atmosphere was awesome! Once we passed through the frosted glass door, it felt like we walked into a trendy bar/restaurant in vegas. We will definitely be returning the next time we are craving good food, excellent service and a casual atmosphere
3	Went here on a sat night around 9. Place was not crowded, cool vibe though, nice and dark with comfortable booths and a wall of plasma tv's. Beer list was pretty short and disappointing but ordered a Four Peaks Kilt lifter.  Burger list was pretty interesting but I ended up ordering the peppercorn burger and my wife ordered the sweet and spicy burger and split an order of half and half fries. The burgers were massive but the peppercorn burger was pretty plain, nothing to write home about, and not that tasty considering the price ($10). My wife's burger was great and way better than my burger. It has some sort of tempura on the burger with loads of sweet chili and was delicious. I guess the extra $2 bucks I spent on this burger made all the difference.All in all the place is great to chill out have a beer, watch some tv, and grab a decent burger. Place though was over priced. 2 burgers, 1 beer, and 1 order of fries will set you back 40 bucks with tip. For 40 bucks I would rather go grab a steak and a beer. Not sure how long this place will last at this price especially for burgers.
5	Hands down the greatest burger joint in Phx! also the beer selection is spot on!  Classy place with cool vibe....head down to the grind for great grub!
2	The Grind: sounds like a latex induced club rockin Orgy's - Blue Monday!How do you feel to treat me like you do?  This was a Yelp find for me so expectations were high.  At first I thought the place seemed pretty cool - it was dark and dink with a huge bar and flat screens lined up across to catch all the games.I ordered the sweet and spicy burger while my partner ordered the turkey burger. I'm going to be honest the wait was long, but I guess they were short handed.  Our waiter offered me a free drink afterwards.  Let's say service was real good overall.The burger was....huh...plain.  I thought the sweet and sour part didn't really go well.  The burger was huge since the patty itself was a mouth full.  However, mines was dry and crumbly.  I ordered the half and half - herbed fries and sweet potatoes -- it was again okay at best.  "When you lay your burgers upon me and tell me who you are? Those who came before me, I lived through their yelp, from the past reviews, I will turn away.....well turn away. - Enjoy!
1	As a local I'll never visit this joint again.  Burger was decent, under cooked from what I ordered but I'll deal with a slight under cook although not sure I should at $12 for a burger + $5 for fries b/c they are not included in the meal.  $17 burger, really? mine is better at home and I have a community grill, not the, "only coal oven in the country", like the grind does.  Happy hr charges $3 for sprite on well drinks, don't be fooled by a BS happy hr special.  Not a bad value if you are just having beer but leave the well drinks for home.  Overall this place clearly thinks they are more than they really are.  My suggestion go down the road and try either the Vig or Arcadia Tavern, way more value for the $ unless you are trying to impress the newest blonde to move from Scottsdale to Arcadia/Biltmore area.
2	good service and nice atmosphere but pretty loud.  the burgers  don't measure up to the competition.  we had a cali burger special and the famous sweet and spicy. both had great favors on top but they couldn't overcome the dry flavorless hockey puck.   the tall burger looks nice on the plate but they are not enjoyable to eat.
4	Here's what $50 (including tip) will get you at The Grind:2 burgers (1 turkey, 1 sweet & spicy)1 order of half & half fries1 grilled asparagus & goat cheese salad w/ marinated lemons1 lemonadeThe burger was pretty good. The salad was outstanding. The 4 stars are for the salad. I'll be back for the salad.....can you tell I really liked the salad?!
4	Great burgers!!! Good drinks!! A little strange eating in a booth with sheriff Joe's picture though.
1	After seeing this place getting glowing reviews from the show "Check Please", I decided to try it.  And I am sorry I did...  After sitting down at the bar, I asked if they could turn the tv on above the bar.  The bartender explained they were all out of order - ok, bad start... So I sat down next to a couple loud yuppies at the bar - who were obviously trying to let everyone know they were extremely successful... It was not working, boneheads...  Decided to order the BLT burger, which looked good on the tv show review.  The burger arrived on a skewer, about 8 inches high a nice thick tomato, lettuce, and onion making it stand that verticle. For presentation purpose, it is kind of neat looking.  But when you try to eat it, it is another story...  There is NO WAY you can get your mouth around this burger to eat it.  They onion was not cooked enough, and was so thick, you could not even bite thru it - it pulled out when I tried and I had to re-assemble... The bun was cold - it could have used a little toasting to hold it together. It eventally fell apart again - even when I mashed it down.  I ordered the burger medium, and it came well done, NO pink - it was defintiely over cooked.  No juices at all.  The Grind advertise the ultra hot oven - and cooking it in butter on a cast iron skillet adds flavor.  BUT, I have to say, there was basically NO flavor what so ever in the hamburger meat.  It was very bland.   The bacon on the burger was nicely cooked and was tasty, but the patty was not.  It could have definitely used at least some salt and pepper.    And if there were any around (there was not), I would have used some.... The so called char from the broiler did not add any flavor - more like burned fat - yuck...   I was quite dissapointed.  I will not return.  The burger was $12, and included NO fries, that would be extra... So wih my corona and my tip, I spent about $20 total.  I would have been happier driving thru McDonalds!   I kid you not, try the double double ANIMAL STYLE at in-n-out - it is 100% tastier than this place.  The burger at coach & willies also blows this place away.  For a place that specializes in burgers, and advertises that they have won awards for them, I was expecting to be wow-ed.  Instead, I was very disappointed.
5	I have the GQ 20 best burgers in America programed into my GPS and I have eaten at 16 of the 20. I love hamburgers! I had the basic BLT burger and I have to say that the burger was one of the BEST burgers I have ever had. Juicy. Rich. GREAT flavor. If not perfect, as close to perfect as you can get for me. I do understand that everyone has different taste in burgers (I actually met someone this week that doesn't like In N Out burgers!) but for my taste this was a grand slam home run. But, and here is the great part...it wasn't just the hamburger that was great. They also serve a very good root beer on tap, the mac and cheese was some of the best I have had and I liked the atmosphere. Yes it is in a run down strip mall, but most of the great burger places in America are in dives. I just wish I had ordered the donuts.
2	Meh...that about sums up my thoughts on The Grind. Not great, not terrible.I enjoyed the decor. The burgers are huge. A group of 4 of us went in for a special they were having so we all had to have the BLT Burger. Maybe if I had been able to pick a different burger this review might be different, but the BLT burger just didn't have much flavor. The fries were tasty. Asked for some orange slices to come with my beer to sweeten it up but they never came. My boyfriend had to go up to the bar to ask for them. When the bill came it was originally incorrect but they eventually fixed it to slightly better than the original special. I say eventually because once the waitress dropped off the bill it took her forever to come back. And it was a slow night so it was not due to other tables,  So like I said...some good, some bad. Overall just meh...(Full disclosure - I am not a big fan of burgers in general. My boyfriend is though and he felt the same about the burger.)
4	I admit, as a vegetarian, I had my reservations about eating at The Grind in Phoenix. After all, the bar and restaurant's logo is a meat grinder, which is just plain sad.But, my friend insisted it was a cool-looking spot and had tasty food, including veggie options, so I gave the Arcadia neighborhood restaurant a whirl and was pleased with my meal there.Upon walking in, I was immediately impressed by the long, dark bar lit up by red lights. There's no host, but a bartender will direct you where to sit-at the bar, or in one of the comfy booths facing the bar. The restaurant is one long rectangle, which makes every seat in the house an intimate one because you don't have to hear chatter from other parties. The bar features sports televisions, and it's a hip place for casual occasions.The menu, not surprisingly, is full of meat dishes, including hamburgers, a chicken wrap and a turkey burger. I opted for the grilled portobello sandwich ($10), which came with fried zucchini, ricotta salata and watercress. It was a massive burger and tasted great.I added a side of mac and cheese ($6), which also tasted great but wasn't anything spectacular.My pal got the equally massive peppercorn burger ($10), topped with charred onion, watercress and matchstick potatoes.I shared his tasty fries ($4) with him.While I thought The Grind was a little pricy, especially because burgers don't come with sides and my meal totaled $16, I think the atmosphere is sleek and trendy and worth it if you really want a nice burger place. Plus, the staff, including our bartender and server, was incredibly friendly. I left feeling stuffed and happy and would go back-I would just love if they offered another veggie burger.
3	So, if I rated The Grind based solely on the Sweet and Spicy Burger, I would give it a  Woohoo, five star rating, but, I'm not , just thought you should know, you need to get that burger if you come here.I was a little surprised to see how small this restaurant is when my mom and I decided to come here for lunch (she was wanting burgers). This place reminds me of a narrow cave that happens to have a long bar with about 18 stools, six larger booths that can fit five patrons comfortably, four table tops, and three double occupancy booths. The bar is pretty cool, its lined with red lights and has eight rather large flat screen TVs you can see from the stools and the larger booths that we were seated at. I opted for the Sweet and Spicy burger ($12), thanks to Yelp, and my mom went with a plain ole cheeseburger ($11). Knowing that the burgers do not come with anything, we decided to order the sweet potato fries ($5) and both got iced teas ($2.5 each). My burger was delicious and was everything the title said it would be...sweet and spicy thanks to the sweet glazed jalapenos. I also enjoyed the crunchy, deep fried ratatouille, yum. My mom wasn't impressed with her simple cheeseburger and said she would order mine if she were to come back and we both enjoyed sharing the sweet potato fries.Brent, our server, did a great job with suggestions and service. As lunch time got more busy and he got more tables he was always checking in with us and even put our iced teas in to-go cups. This place was, as the default Yelp display states, a-ok.  I'm glad I tried The Grind, but probably wouldn't suggest this place for lunch, but wouldn't hesitate to come back here if it is suggested by friends.Breakdown:one star for being a narrow caveone star for the Sweet and Spicy Burger   -and-one star for Brent, our awesome waiter.
3	We used to come here a lot more frequently, but then they changed their fry recipe. The new fries aren't terrible, but they taste like disappointment. And disappointment tastes pretty bad. If you like kettle chips, imagine them thicker, hotter, and with a hint of rosemary. That is how the old fries tasted and we couldn't get enough of them. Now when we go here, it's usually because the husband is craving their peppercorn hamburger.  I always order the mushroom burger and it's really good (juicy and flavorful), but don't put green stuff on my mushroom burger. We haven't ordered much else off the menu, except once I ordered the special which were three mini shrimp po'boys. That was a mistake - burgers are definitely their specialty.Overall, if we're craving hamburgers with fries, I'd rather go to Delux or the Parlor (which has some of the best fries). If you don't care about fries, then give The Grind a try, because their burgers are thick, juicy, and flavored just right.
2	If dry burgers and slow service are what you like when you eat out, this is your place.
5	You can't go wrong at this place... the burger was great (best burger in town), the fries were delicious, the onion rings were ok... they even had PBR for $3.  Plus, there's always a good group of customers and staff inside... and the music selection is great.
5	Great little upscale burger place..however I had the roasted chicken wrap and it was amazingly flavorful paired with the side of Mac and Cheese that was pure cheesy goodness with bread crumbs on top just like I love it. Great atmosphere, friendly attentive staff make this a great Arcadia hangout.
2	Read alot of positive reviews about this place but just goes to show you have to try it out for yourself to believe it. Have tried other places like delux and charr and prefer either of those two to this place. Was not impressed with the ambiance. Service was slow. As for the food, I would rate their burgers ok but not great and definitely not as good as the other burger places I have reviewed (check my other reviews).Price wise they seem all on par as all sides are priced separately. Main concern for me is the quality of the food and do I like hanging out at this place with my buddies and colleagues for an evening of drinks and food. This is ok but I would not go out of my way to get here. If service is better next time may notch it up a star. Right now I can find much better places for a good burger...
5	Omg the burgers are to die for.  The grind is one of my favorites places to grab a good burger and beer would highly recommend if you have not tired.
4	My favaorite burger place in town yet I havn't had a burger yet that deserves a five-star rating.
2	I wanted to like this neighborhood spot that doesn't get too busy, but it just didn't deliver.  Went in on a Sunday for a late afternoon lunch / early dinner.  The place has a nice layout with plenty of TV's in the bar area and good upscale but very casual feel to it throughout.  I thought it was kind of odd that there wasn't a happy hour or any specials given it was during happy hour, on Sunday, in the middle of summer, in Phoenix!  I understand places can't give away their product, but when you're competing against the variety of local spots (vig, postino, north, lgo, etc) for the locals during a typically "slower time" (Sunday afternoon), you should have some kind of perk to bring in the business!  But I digress...I ordered the peppercorn burger which I was excited for as I've heard numerous good things about the grind's signature dishes.  It delivered an impressive appearance, was a generous size, and sure looked the part, but lacked on flavor, depth, and just kind of left me shocked that so many ingredients and a higher quality beef could make such a bland burger.  The mac and cheese and french fry sides that I split with the other half were very good, especially the very garlicky but well prepared mac and cheese.This place is certainly not bad by any means, but it left a lot be desired from a location I wanted to like.  Given the abundance of other options in the area this place will have to make some changes to get me to visit anytime soon.
4	Tried this place for the first time last night 9/22/12.  My husband and I ordered a few burgers, side of sweet potato fries and a root beer float.  Everything was quite amazing.  The fries were a little on the bland-not-so-special side.  I had a burger that had chorizo, a tamale, white cheddar and arugula on it... YUMMY!  Definetly worth trying.
4	Great burgers cool spot. Just wish they had gluten free bun. Sweet potato fries are better than most places. ate at the one they just opened in north scottsdale.
4	The Grind is very good on location and food selection. Nothing to fancy about the place. but I did enjoy myself! at least give it a try out!!
4	Recently enjoyed some burgers at The Grind. While I'm sad to report the crisp pork sandwich is no longer on the menu, the burgers are delicious! I had the peppercorn ($10) which charred onion, matchstick potatoes and arugula. I should have added cheese because it was a little on the "plain" side but the meat was moist and rich with beefy flavor. The sweet and spicy burger ($12-candied jalapenos, fried ratatouille and arugula) ordered by a dinner companion was accidentally delivered to me first. It was easily discernible when I took my first spicy bite. The burger had a nice spicy kick to it and, of the two, is the one I would recommend. The fries are limp and leave something to be desired. The onion rings, tempura battered, cannot get crisp enough for my preference. Looking for a memorable burger, though? The Grind is it!
1	The service was extremely rude.  I sat for five minutes waiting to order at the bar because the barmaid was too busy chatting.  I might have ordered food had I not felt so unwelcome.
3	Love the concept but not completely sold on the food.  There were a couple of good things and a couple not so good.Roasted Rosemary Cheese appetizer - yummy!  It's roasted brie with salt and rosemary on top served with a side of this yummy strawberrry topping.  A bit salty at first but that's easily fixed by scraping the salt off the top.  What really made it good was the side of strawberry topping to go with.  Did I mention how good it was yet?Turkey burger - dry and not too flavorful.   The texture of the meat seemed dif from all the turkey burgers I've had before so not sure if it that was a factor.Onion rings - tempura battered.  Eh.  The onions inside were still crunchy so not soft and fried long enough.  The batter was both soggy on some pieces and crunchy on others.  Not the freshest oil was used but it was a Sunday night so there weren't a lot of people so maybe that's why?Roasted Vegetable side - they change from day to day. Today was sugar snap peas.  That was very good as well.  Coal grilled which brought out the sweetness of the peas.  Well done.Overall the service was good.
2	We ate at the new restaurant in North Scottsdale on Hayden Road.  I must say it was more than disappointing.  After seeing it reviewed on Check Please Arizona we thought we would try it; although it was the one on Camelback that they reviewed.  This one just recently opened.  The restaurant is dark and dreary inside, so we opted to eat outdoors.  The menu is very limited, for someone who doesn't want a burger...although, that is what we went for.  My husband, who has probably tried every "good" burger in town, said this one just doesn't make it...I agreed.  The meat was mushy inside, and the cheese had an overwhelming taste..I ordered Swissand my husband had white cheddar.The onion rings, which were Tempura style, were underdone and the potato sticks were  like eating matchsticks...although, I've never had the pleasure of trying a matchstick.  The only redeeming thing about eating there was Gavin, our server, who really tried to make our dining experience and fun one.
5	Fantastic huge burgers. The sweet and spicy is the bomb! I live right across the street and it has become my once a week food experience along with good beer and lots of TVs to watch sports on. Only 2 downsides is its a bit pricey and thats without fries.
5	Order the "Justin Braun" you won't regret it.
1	Went for the first time, got there right after they opened for lunch, ordered a mushroom swiss burger.  Burger was hot, bun was warm, cheese was warm, mushrooms were ICE cold.  They were clearly the day before's sauteed mushrooms pulled straight out of the fridge.  They remade the burger, but no one came out to apologize (like a manager, or supervisor or something).
3	Hoping this place makes it.  Great little hideaway kind of appeal, I like that it reminds me of Richardson's "Dick's Hideaway" a little bit.  But, something about the ambience, lack of professionalism in the greeting (no acknowledgment from bartender, server; busser was lethargic but at least finally greeted and brought water to table).  Food was pretty nice in appearance, and flavor.  Make sure you do check that the burger is cooked to temp, however, as my Medium was quite rare.  It was early on New Years Eve, and they were a little busy, but not too busy to rush pulling the food off too soon.  Alas, MY fault for not saying something at the time.  I just was in a hurry.But will return.  I like the decor, the menu design, the food presentation. Beautiful back bar, plenty of TV's, just lacking the "beautiful" crowd...maybe due to the staff not stepping up and acting sincre in their happiness that you are there.  Leads to too many single dudes, sittting at bar, w/their Groupons!
3	Decided to give the grind another shot since it's so close to home and I still hear good things about it.  This time I had the sweet and spicy burger, the better half ordered the portobello sandwich and we were both pleasantly surprise by how much we enjoyed the meal despite being skeptical from our previous experience.  I don't know if the last time we were there it was an "off day" or what, but the food sure had a lot more flavor and was much more enjoyable.  The beef of the burger more juicy and flavorful and the burger itself was very well balanced.  We also split the scalloped potatoes which were very good, not too cheesy, and cooked just right.  Pricing is in line with the burgers at delux and zinburger, but they do offer some different options and flavor variety compared to those two.  I will definitely be back again!
3	Good, not great.  If you want a good burger this is the place.  You want a better one go a little further west on Camelback ;  ). I live near by so I will go once a month.  Wings are excellent, I'd give them 4 stars just on their wings.
5	A definite fav!  We love, love, love the burgers.  You have to get the sweet and spicy burger.  It is just amazing.  Sweet, spicy, crunchy, juicy with a soft bun. It is a little pricey, but we go when we have a groupon, so it's a much better deal. The service has been stellar both times.  They answer all of our questions about the food and beverages. Will be going back again....with a groupon.  Also, if you do check in here, you get a 15% discount you can redeem anytime.
4	I recently I went here and ordered the all nighter and my husband ordered the mushroom burger.  He said it was one of the best burgers he has had and if he could make burgers like that at home, maybe he would actually grill!  The all nighter was delicious, though I feel like I could make it at home, I would probably order it again.  The little doughnuts are also a must have, they were so good and randomly the root beer they have on tap was also delicious.  Would definitely go back.
1	My husband and I used to love The Grind until our experience a few Saturdays ago. A friend was in town and we couldn't decide if we should go to Delux Burger (my choice) or The Grind (husband's choice). We all regret going to The Grind. First, the wait was over 20 minutes. I understand this can happen anywhere, especially on a Saturday evening. I wasn't real upset over this, but it was definitely in the back of my mind. When we were finally seated, our waiter was prompt to ask if he could get us anything to drink. Water's all around, except my husband ordered a soda. Now, the waiter was very prompt in refilling my husband's soda all night but not my water. E for effort? When we were ready to order, they seemed to be out of a lot of items. We wanted an order of onion rings - they were out. A mushroom burger - out of mushrooms. Finally, I asked if they could make me a chocolate malt shake. The waiter looked at me funny and said, he "thinks so, but it would be a long wait, is that ok?" Sure, why not. Well, he wasn't kidding. Everyone's food came before my chocolate shake came. Yes, it was just chocolate - no malt in sight. (Side note: the shake was pretty bad. It was all melty - not thick and creamy like most. Also, the chocolate flavor was off. I could have gone next door to Baskin Robbins and gotten a much better shake that was less expensive.) At this point, I'm really regretting the decision to come here. My husband was regretting it a few hours later when he was violently ill and throwing up his meal. All I can say is that I am so glad I didn't eat a burger here that night!
2	Don't waste your time. In an area full of great restaurants, this is a definite miss. The food is mediocre and the service is lacking. Though to be honest I think the servers were just scrambling to make up for a poor kitchen performance. They seemed to run out of everything and tables around us were getting entrees before their starters and waiting on sides. We sent our fries back twice before the server just told us they were bad tonight and she has been getting a lot of complaints about them. The burgers were OK, but not worth the $13 price tag. If you are a burger place you better be able to deliver a decent french fry. If you are in the area and really want a tasty, upscale burger, go a bit further west to Delux or Zinburger.
1	Where to begin? Upon approaching, we had no idea if the place was even open, no hours posted that we could see, so I got out of the car to check. I opened the door and there was a couple sitting at the bar, no other customers were there. We were were greeted by a young man who told us to take a seat anywhere. Since every booth was open, we took one close to the bar. Maybe he was getting off his shift, but he didn't take our drink orders or anything else, that's ok, you want to go home, I get it. He proceeded to stare at his phone and the POS screen near the kitchen entrance for a while before leaving. its ok, just ignore us. After waiting for about 10 minutes, our server/bartender came back inside through the back door after smoking a cigarette I presume. We finally got our drink order taken. 2 waters. Easy. After 5 more minutes, and chatting with the couple at the bar, we got our waters and she walked away. It's been 20 minutes since we sat down, I guess she'll get our food order later, because there is no way we know what we want to order after sitting here for so long. The couple at the bar leaves so our server is forced to give us all the attention she has. We order grilled asparagus to start, one peppercorn burger medium well, and one turkey burger. The grilled asparagus came out and was lukewarm at best. Tasted blanched, rather than grilled. Disappointing. Lets talk about how my med well burger was completely overlooked. Lets talk about how the turkey burger was darker in color than the beef burger and tasted like it was seasoned with allspice or cinnamon? Gross. Extremely dry too. I heard such great reviews when this place opened, and it seems to have gone completely downhill. A lot of people say "head west and get a better burger at delux", I say "head even further west and get a better burger at Wendy's".
1	Not Good! Scottsdale location last week with 2 friends. Ordered 3 burger med-rare, all came out overcooked well done. Sent back and the recook was also well done, not med rare as ordered. If restaurant cannot cook a hamburger correctly there is a problem. Dry, tasteless meat. Taste like frozen meat, and pre-cooked hamburgers to speed up orders. Bad process and terrible product. I was embarrassed that I brought friends there. Never again, if you want a really great hamburger don't go here..
3	I went to The Grind last night because I had a Groupon that was expiring. This place is really nothing to talk about. It wasn't bad, it wasn't great...it really was just ok. We got there and were seated right away. The place was pretty busy for a Thursday night (probably because of the Groupon). The layout of the restaurant is odd....it is very narrow and long. We were seated towards the back by the kitchen. The service was on the slow side, but I know the couple next to us were complaining which slowed things down a bit. I ordered a Marg, and it was fine, but it cost 10$ which is a little much. They do use fresh juice, though, so I can't be too harsh on that front. I had the sweet and spicy burger and the BF had the blt burger. We shared the mixed fries. The burgers were really nothing special. Mine WAS spicy and sweet, so that was good, but was a little more rare than ordered (probably because the patty was super thick) and just didn't have all of the flavor and juiciness that you want when spending your calories (and 12$ without fries) on a burger. The BF thought his burger was ok, but it was 'too gamey' according to him (I didn't get that...). The fries were flaccid and boring. We could barely tell a difference in flavor between the sweet potato and the regular fries. Overall, it was fine, but had I not had a Groupon, I would have been pretty PO'd to have spent 40$ for what we received. There really is no reason to go here when you could drive 6 blocks and go to Delux who clearly has better flavor and quality. Sorry Grind, I won't be back.
3	When we arrived at 6:30 PM Saturday night, there was a 30 minute wait.  Another couple there said it was worth the wait.  After eating there, we don't really think so.  They were out of Macaroni and Cheese, which seemed odd because of how early it was, the milkshake I ordered came before the waters we ordered, and servings of the sides were smaller than we expected. Overall, the food was good and not too expensive, but also nothing to brag about.
2	Prepare to spend money. What was delivered for $41 were 2 burgers, fries, onion rings and one coke.  Fries were very good, onion rings were good and the burgers lacked real flavor.  The burger I ordered was stuffed with thick tomato slices and loads of lettuce making it impossible to eat., but the atmosphere was quaint.
4	Food was great. We had to wait a few minutes waiting to be steated as there was no host. Service visits to the table were very inrequent, had to wait a while for the check and for it to be returned after money was given. Would go there agin, if just for the food.
3	Eh, I was really disappointed with my last visit to the Grind.  My husband and I each got a burger and plate of half fries/half sweet potato fries.  Burgers were good.  Plate of fries was a bunch of burnt ends and about 5 half sweet potato fries. I would have been embarrassed to send that out of the kitchen. Waitress didn't know the 6 or so beers on tap or make an effort to find out for us.  Asked for ketchup and was told we'd have to wait for our own server.  Subpar atmosphere.  For the price and quality of food, I'd def go to Delux or Zinburger in a heartbeat over the Grind
3	Come for the sides and appetizers.  I utilized a $30 groupon and tried the aspargus with goat cheese and special dressing.  The aspargus was perfectly cooked and the goat cheese was fresh and soft.  I ordered one of the more mexican/southwest style burgers and macaroni and cheese.  The macaroni and cheese was delicious and totally addicting.  The burger was ok, and seemed a bit dry even cooked at medium.  Staff is very friendly, but music/background noise from televisions, etc seemed loud.  Not my favorite place for burgers, but id definitely come back for the sides and appetizers.
5	Great place for gourmet burgers.  I would recommend ordering 1 burger and sharing it.  We got the sweet and spicy burger & the peppercornned burger.  I personally liked the peppercorned much better.  It had the right amount of smoke in it and tasted like a really good freshly grilled backyard burger.
5	Dined at the north Scottsdale location. Awesome bartender and great food  burgers arrived in 7 minutes loved the draft root beer. Go and enjoy. This place rocks
1	Overall not that impressed.  Poor service couldn't get the waitress to give me ketchup or even a napkin.  Food was alright, but really overpriced for the quality.  I won't be back
2	The toppings, set up, etc are creative, but definitely not the best tasting burgers I've ever had.  Their fresh donuts with salty caramel sauce was ok, but some were crunchy.  Sweet potato fries were decent but more on the limp side.  All in all, won't go kicking and screaming if it came to it but wouldn't suggest the place.
4	Great burgers at a good price... Cool atmosphere and very good beer. The service was really good too!
2	Party of four, we ordered 4 burgers, all varying levels of Medium. Order came back all well done.For what it's worth, management redid the burgers and gave us half off the check.This review does not reflect condition of dessert menu.
4	Not a bad place at all.The burger I had was delicious. It's their thing.Cool bar.
2	We were charged 50 cents each for a single small cup of ranch and ketchup to go with our wings and fries. My partner was also charged 50 cents extra for his BBQ burger when he requested his sauce on the side. Burgers were ok if a little bland but patties were not evenly cooked.
1	Cool ambiance inside. The overpriced & known hamburgers fell apart in your hands. They are on small cheap buns. Greasy onion rings. Over-served 2 drunks at the bar...
3	The price is a little bit more than what I would pay, but that thing was huge and delicious!  cooked to order with quality meet, and the service was great. I only purchased the burger and a drink.  Each item on the menu comes by its self, you pay per item.
2	I can't tell you how many times we've driven by this place and said we should try it. I SO wanted to like this place. It's in a non-descript mall that has been re-inventing itself for years and is still nothing to look at aesthically, so walking into The Grind is a bit of a shock to the senses. It's dark, trendy and kind of has an upscale feel to it. So far so good. It was busy, another good sign, and I'm having high expectations of this place. But they were short-lived.We wanted to sit and enjoy our drinks for a while, but after the server asked us multiple times if we were ready to order, we decided we'd better do just that. I'm not sure where they had to go to prepare the food, but we waited an awfully long time for our burgers. When they arrived, we were all overwhelmed. The turkey burger was blah, tasteless and dry; the sweet & spicy burger as well as the steakhouse blt were overcooked. The sweet potato fries were limp and flavorless.All this disappointment and super overpriced to boot! A lot of very good burger restaurants can be found in the Phoenix area - several in the general vicinity of The Grind! I hate to write off a place after the first visit (unless it's a major disaster) because it could just be a fluke. But having read some of the other reviews, I'm not sure our experience was a one-off. But it will be a while before I circle back to this place.
4	Easily one of the best burgers I have had in the Phoenix area.  I ordered the peppercorn burger and it was incredible.   It didn't come with any sides, not that it needed any and I didn't remove any fixings and didn't have to add anything to the burger (mustard or ketchup) A friend ordered the wings and said they were really good.The menu's are unique and I found to be a little confusing as everything is just bungled together.  Nice atmosphere and had pleasant staff.  (We sat at the bar)If you are looking for an excellent burger, I would recommend this place.
5	Yes, the burgers really are as good as the hype. I'm from New York and I've been telling everyone and their mom to go try a burger here. I had the heavenly experience of a "sweet and spicy" a few weeks and can still vividly remember it. (In fact, I want one now.) I was dubious that anything with candied jalapenos could possibly be a good thing, but, yes. Yes it is. The burgers are on the big side so come hungry! The sweet potato fries are yummy too (not that you will have any room for them but ...)The staff is really great and makes the experience. I've only been a few times but I feel like a regular with how welcoming everyone is. The other day they ran out of the porter on tap. The bartender was soooo cute and went out of her way to help me find another beer. She knew the beers on tap, how to describe them and provided me with samples. LOVE her. Good stuff here. You should check it out.UPDATE: Two days after I wrote this I went back for another burger. I could not stop thinking about the sweet and hot mix. This time I got a hotter one! Tip from the bartender: Don't order an IPA with anything hot. You'll just make it worse. (I did not know that.) Lucky for me I had something else on the reverse happy hour :)Seriously - if you haven't had a burger at this place GO RIGHT NOW.
5	Every time my boyfriend and I want a REAL burger, we come to The Grind! This place is seriously hands down, the best gourmet burger you'll put in your mouth. The size is beyond perfect, they always cook our patty to a perfect medium rare. The patty is seared and crispy on the outside, and soft and juicy on the inside. The sweet and spicy burger is our favorite because it's the perfect balance of sweet and spicy. The textures work perfectly from the crispy fried toppings, candied jalapenos, soft bun, juicy and tender patty. JUST AMAZING. Their mixed fries are delicious because you get sweet potato and herbed fries mixed in one container. The atmosphere is really nice and the service is always quick and excellent. I would highly recommend this place. We've tried burgers all over the valley from Fatburger, Delux, Modern Burger, Zinburger, and The Grind is hands down the best burger in town!
4	This place is a bit pricy but not outrageously priced.  Their onion rings are AWESOME! I also had the wings. they weren't the best I've ever had but they were pretty close. I didn't try a burger but it's on my list the next time I visit this place.
5	Knowledgable bartender, excellent food selections.   Burgers are FANTASTIC.  We went in late evening.  Being a person that simply loves great food, I tend to have the bartender, waiter or waitress guide me on what to order.  I have passed this place for years and years, always had a curiosity to go in there.  I loved the amibiance was crisp, clean, small but very well done.  TV's lined the bar for sports and each booth is lined up against the wall so the TV screens are also in view of each person in the place.  The female bartender was amazingly knowledgeable and led us down the right path.  We orderd the wonderful asparagus with goat cheese, the WINGS were absolutely delcious with no single flavor that overpowered another, very good non-traditiona wings.  The sweet and spicy burger was amazingly tasty, but again, excellent blend of flavors, nothing too strong, very creative.  The peppercorn burger was also excellent, however the cheeseburger was rather uneventful, but it's also a 'cheeseburger" with no added love.  We left this place 100 percent satisfied and excited for the next taste test.  If you look at all of my reviews, I most always stop short of giving 5 stars, it was without a doubt on this one that give 5 stars.   I love great tasting food, doesn't have to be big portions, or pretty, just has to be tasty and thats what I found!!  I simply don't 'get the burger hype of Deluxe, Modern Burger or Zin Burger, the burgers here are much better and around the same price.
5	Order the hot & spicy it's nom nom nom! Also it's the best place to watch a game in peace
3	Nothing exceptional except they use a nice coal fired broiler oven..I'm not in the kitchen so I don't know about how they do recipes. I was mildly disappointed on several aspects. I wanted this to be a great local place for me to relax and eat but truthfully it was underwhelming. Ambiance was a positive.. nice dimly lit Moody lighting. ... great booths on the wall. About 730 when I went in on thursday night. ...Not to bad a crown. Not busy just about full but a few open booths. Seat yourself sign at the door. ...I was in a booath right by the server station. .. next to expo and by the bar. ...its was 10 minutes before I was offered a menu or drink. ..10?  Well I did go in to relax so that was okI ordered the mushroomburger medium rare I also ordered the herb a fries and a ice tea May burger came out it was well done your fries were decent I'll be a little soggy too much butter I guess.Want to  Send Berger back...yet after another 5-10 minutes of waiting no one yet asked me how it was....i had the burger re made After getting the attention of a server....the burger arrived again...and again not medium rare but medium. Ice tea was fillled multiple times but not by my server by the bartender although I was not in the bar area .fries were ok for herb fries although a bit soggythe kicker. .. My bill was 20.00 for burger fries and tea. .. with 4 buck tip.I check my account this morning and I have a charge for the 20.00 for the meal tip not registered yet. .. but another charge also for 33.34.... Really? I wonder who's bills I just paid for.?its an ok place but ive had better burgers..although I it was probably just an off day for them I can't give 4 stars. . just to many issues for my first visit
4	Nothing exceptional except they use a nice coal fired broiler oven..I'm not in the kitchen so I don't know about how they do recipes. I was mildly disappointed on several aspects. I wanted this to be a great local place for me to relax and eat but truthfully it was underwhelming. Ambiance was a positive.. nice dimly lit Moody lighting. ... great booths on the wall. About 730 when I went in on thursday night. ...Not to bad a crown. Not busy just about full but a few open booths. Seat yourself sign at the door. ...I was in a booth right by the server station. .. next to expo and by the bar. ...its was 10 minutes before I was offered a menu or drink. ..10?  Well I did go in to relax so that was okI ordered the mushroomburger medium rare I also ordered the herb a fries and a  to you my burger came out it was well done your fries were decent I'll be a little soggy too much butter I guess. Sent Berger back...yet after about 5 minutes of waiting no one yet asked me how it was....i had the burger re made After getting the attention of a server....the burger arrived again...and again not medium rare but medium Ice tea was fillled multiple times but not by my server by the bartender although I was not in the bar area .fries were ok for herb fries although a bit soggythe kicker. .. My bill was 20.00 for burger fries and tea. .. with 4 buck tip.I check my account the next morning and I have a charge for the 20.00 for the meal top not ring yet. .. but another for 33.34.... Really? I wonder who's bills I just paid for.?Not bad food..things happen..but for 5 stars it needs to fix some issues...my 33.bill that wasnt mine took 5 days to get back to my bank acct.A wrong burger 2 times ...and just not the service.
5	I love The Grind. The burgers are fantastic and the cocktails are awesome! We love to go on Thursdays, the cocktails are half price. There are not many places that can make a really good Moscow Mule, but this place can. I also love the sweet potato fries. My hubby loves the sweet and spicy burger, I usually get the mushroom burger.  I always see many people having salad, I might try that next time. If you are looking for. Small great burger place you won't be disappointed!
4	The booths are nice and it's a good vibe, except for the huge photos of Arizona politicians on the wall-----?  You'll pay $12 for a sweet and spicy burger, and you haven't yet added a slice if cheese for $1, or macaroni and cheese for $6.  Is their burger worth $13?  Probably not, but it's pretty tasty and this is a comfortable hang with $3 PBR on tap.  My gripe:  they seem to close around midnight and Arcadia needs a place like this open unil 2am to buy those beers.
2	Went here for restaurant week and was pretty disappointed. We picked it because we thought everything sounded yummy. The only thing that was really delicious was the asparagus appetizer. Besides that, the bruschetta was underwhelming and our entrees were both severely over done (we got an order of the salmon and an order of the bacon wrapped tenderloin). I'm guessing that because these entrees are not on their normal menu that they have when it isn't restaurant week, that the cooks aren't used to cooking them- but if you can't cook it well, then it shouldn't be offered. Dessert was just okay- we got the doughnuts and bread pudding. Both were pretty one note. I would be willing to give this place another shot with the burgers, but even the sweet potato fries served with the tenderloin weren't cooked all the way through and that's something that they make everyday.
4	The grind is a smaller venue compared to the surrounding area. Been to the grind 5 times or so.. The burgers are good but the wings oh boy the wings are better then LGO's all the way to hooters.. I was in heaven! I go back for those and sweet potato fries.. I have a favorite bartender and she do a wonderful job taking care of everything.
5	Outstanding service...kudos to Murphy. Food fantastic Peppercorn burger, BLT burger, salad outstanding. Well worth the price.
1	We drove from Goodyear to try the burgers. We had seen the TV show recommendation and read the great reviews. Our experience was not the same. We specifically asked for medium rare burgers. The very center was medium rare and the rest was well done. The $11 drink I ordered was to be topped with Champagne. There were NO BUBBLES in my drink, so where was the Champagne?  The service was mediocre at best. The butterscotch topped donuts that everyone raved about were small, greasy, and overcooked. The sauce was caramel NOT butterscotch. The macaroni and cheese was runny and wouldn't stay on the noodles. One of TV's was playing a show about facial surgery on the cleft lips of children from poverty stricken countries. Gross!!$60 later- we were disappointed and we won't ever be back. We should have known better when we drove up on a Saturday night and most of the tables were empty and only 2 people were at the bar. Huge waste of money. Our dog ate the well done burger meat.
5	WOW, another favorite place!!!!! Stopped by to get a quick to-go sandwich. Turns out that the "chicken salad" was not a sandwich (a little bummed). It was, however, the most chickenest salad I have ever had. So much yummy white chicken breast with perfect chunks of celery, grapes, and pine nuts atop arugula salad. OMG, it was the BEST Best chicken salad I have ever had. After a few bites, I didn't even miss that it was not a sandwich. It was light and so delicious. I cannot wait to go again!!!!..My only complaint, I was so pleased that I googled them from the car to tell them how pleased I was and I got a message that the mailbox was full. I tried twice. I do not usually make that much effort but wanted to compliment them.I hope this review does the trick. yum
2	I usually come here for the burgers of course and the chicken stir fry dish. First off the service was just meh. Didn't seem like he cared about us being there. The food took forever to come out. After 25 minutes, we asked the status on our food. He went to go check on it, all the while we could see him on the line checking expo tickets and stuffing his face with French fries at the same time. Must be nice to eat, we were starving!For being well known and voted #1 for their burgers, you think they would know how to prepare med rare. Burger came out to be med well. Chicken stir fry was awesome, as always. We overheard the bartender apologizing to the couple next to us about the food taking a long time to come out. He offered them free dessert. Ummmm hello, where was our free dessert offer for our long wait??! Very disappointing. I might come back for the chicken stir fry. But probably only to go. Service has been consistently bad.
2	The food was good but not deserving of the price on the menu. The bartender and server were not attentive at all making the experience even worse.
4	Service was great all the way around. Even the owner paid our table a visit to check on us & to ask about the yelp check in offer. We've decided we would come here again to give it another try as the burgers were fresh n big.  We both loved the taste of the sweetn spicy as it was featured in a food magazine.
5	We had an excellent meal here at The Grind! Our first visit here was made extra special by our bartender extraordinaire Murphy! Great recommendations Murphy! The burgers the wings and the special made martini put The Grind on our top ten list!
5	I've been living in this area for over a year now and sad I just now found this gem!! Scott was AMAZING  and gave great recommendations! Everything was great! I'm not a burger girl by any means but this place has outstanding burgers! The wings were savory and best I've ever had! The French onion soup was and is the best I've ever had, including my own! You will not leave this place unhappy, hungry or dissatisfied! I would give more stars if allowed!
3	I was worried upon first sitting down and looking at the menu that there would be no option for me being that I am a vegetarian but to my surprise you can make any of the burgers a veggie burger.I did not like my veggie burger but my husband loved it. I couldn't finish my food being that the burger was huge!
4	Thought the service and food was really good. I'm a Broncos fan so we generally go on Sundays for the game. It's on the expensive side, burgers 10-13 which is okay but 5 bucks for fries, come on man!  Looking for another Bronco place but this is okay for now.
4	The Grind definitely is home to one of the top burgers in Phoenix with the Sweet and Spicy Burger.  If you're a fan of that combination and love burgers, then you will dig on it for sure.  I guess that is obvious though.  Every time I went to The Grind I sat at the bar and the bartenders are always friendly.  The decor is pretty cool, but they lose points for the massive Sheriff Joe photo.  Come on guys, get that shit down.  Also, is there a Governor Brewer photo up now too?  I sure hope not.  There are certainly better native Arizonians to have up in your establishment if you choose to put up oversized photos.  But hey, for you patrons like me, sit at the bar and then you don't have to lose your appetite having those freaks hovering over you.
5	Came here for the first time visiting from SC. Decor and setting was very cool. Ordered "The Stacker" which was on special. Huge 10 oz burger topped with sliced pastrami and cheese... Unreal size and taste! Got the half and half fries which were great as well. The wait staff was friendly and very accommodating. The GM Scott came by our table to check up on us and was awesome! You can tell he's invested in making The Grind a first class establishment. Will definitely come back again!
5	I love this place. Our server, Easton was dope magic and super chill. I enjoyed the vibe and the atmosphere and couldn't believe how delicious the burgers were. I'm not normally a burger person but it's definitely a top fav. I'm originally from Chicago and we have AWESOME food but this place really caught my attention and I'll be raving about it when I return home for the holidays. Thanks Easton!! Good luck in boot camp!
4	Been here a buncha times and always had a good meal. My friend suggested it after I complained to her about crappy burgers at Zinburger and how much my fiance and I just wanted a good, solid, delicious burger. Enter The Grind. My now standard order is the wings, the Steakhouse burger, and the sweet potato fries. It's been spot on every time. The only thing I would suggest is that you be very clear how you like your meat cooked. I usually say "medium" because I like it a bit pink in the middle. Their medium is actually pretty well cooked. Yesterday I talked with our server about how I like it and she said she'd tell them somewhere between medium rare and medium. It was perf! And that's another thing...the service is always good. It's never been crowded when I've gone there so maybe it's different when it is. My overall experience has always been good with the service there. I also really like the ambiance...kinda dark, lots of tv's with different channels, relaxed, casual, friendly. My kinda place. Definitely one of out favorite spots in town. :)
2	Yuck! This place has gone downhill. I ordered a salad with roasted chicken and asked for red onion... He said they didn't have any?! Your a burger bar, really? My salad's chicken was soooo dried out. Embarrassing! French fries horrible tasted like doughnuts and burger my hubby ordered was overlooked. I am never going back.
5	Our third time here! The peppercorn burger was thick and juicy. The coal fired flame really makes this burger standout above ALL others in town. The onion rings are perfectly cooked and golden brown. The buns are not ordinary either. They are custom baked. Love the burgers here.
4	Great! Ive been a few times and have had burgers they were amazing cooked perfect the buns are really good lots of drinks options our service was great and I absolutely love the atmosphere but I have to say I'm usually a bit shocked when my bill comes... every side is separate and if there is more than a couple people it can really add up!
4	Our Grind excursion had a bit of a rocky start. There was no host staff so we stood in the doorway for maybe a minute or two (felt like an eternity) not knowing whether we should seat ourselves. Standing there... awkwardly... feeling like everyone was watching us. Someone please talk to me?! Finally a bartender yelled over and told us to sit where ever. Phew! Anxiety level decrease... commence. We walked down the narrow path toward the back of the restaurant and sat at a two top. The lighting was dim, it wasn't romantic dim, but more of a laid back/chill dim. The overall atmosphere is really cool. I liked it. Our server came over and the "rocky start" continued for a minute with a discussion of the beer offerings. The server was very sweet and friendly, but didn't seem to have a full grasp on the beers they offered. I asked if they had any browns or ambers and was told they didn't (I later saw Fat Tire on the beer menu--an amber... maybe they were out?). Then I asked about the San Tan they offer and was told it was a dark beer... not much else to the explanation. I told her I'd give it a try. She came back shortly and said they were out. No big deal.  She told me there were some IPA's, a Hefeweizen and I can't remember what else. In short, I wasn't all that impressed and settled on a Stella. This ends any criticism I have for The Grind. Before I get into my food. I have to mention the menu. It's pretty cool. They unfold like some kind of mystery note/map/thing. I didn't take a pic since the lighting was dim, but it was unique. I hadn't seen anything like it before, and I'm apparently easy to amuse.I came here with the sole intention of getting a burger. I'll confess that I tend to scoff at the "gourmet" burger joints. It chaps my ass to pay $10 or more for a burger that doesn't even come with a side, but I took a chance on The Grind since they were voted to have a really good burger. With my nose held high and pinky outstretched, I ordered the Nogales Burger ($10) -- chorizo, tamale, roasted poblano, white cheddar. This. Burger. Was. Excellent. I don't consider myself a poblano pepper fan but I wanted something different. All the ingredients on the burger worked well together and there was just enough heat for my senses. It was cooked perfectly too. If I don't get some meat juice on my hands, face and/or shirt (pants are a bonus) then I consider that burger a failure. Not the case with this Nogales burger. It wasn't a huge mess, but just enough to give satisfaction. The burger was so good, I almost forgot to mention that I got a side of Mac & Cheese ($6). Creamy cheese and good flavor. This did not come from a box my friends. This is the good stuff. So good. You're probably not even reading at this point so I'm going to add that we also ordered dessert.... Before I tell you about the delicious dessert, I have to say that everything at The Grind tasted fresh and made to order. The quality was phenomnomnom. We got an order of the doughnuts ($6) And the bread pudding ($6). No. Shame. (okay, maybe a little shame)Look.... I'm honestly sick of writing at this point. Just know that the desserts were off the charts good. I don't really fancy doughnuts or bread pudding, but I would get those again in a second, The Grind is a winner. As cheap as I can be at times, I have no problem paying for quality and the quality was there in excess. The service was also friendly and quick. After all that great food, the only thing left now is for me to go hibernate for the rest of winter.
5	Very nice spot! I really like the fact that it is open till 2am! NOTHING in Phoenix is open that late (well a few spots, but 1-2...really?????) I can count them on my fingers. We ordered sushi mainly, did not try the burger, it was really late so I didn't want to eat anything heavy. Sushi was good, not incredible but good! I give them 5 starts because they are open late, and our server was very attentive and fast. Way to go guys!!!
4	Very cool laid back place. Bartender is very nice guy. Will talk with u about whatever. I had the BBQ burger. A little messy but VERY good. It's a big burger. Moz cheese is so good on it. Have napkins ready.
4	This place is definitely for locals. The people in there were watching football, seemed like regulars, friendly with the bartenders. It's located in a random shopping mart.  The inside has more of a laid back bar vibe. They have a poster that notes that they have the best burgers in phoenix. My boyfriend is all about finding the best burger. He didn't find it here, but I really enjoyed mine. A random girl who definitely was a regular came up to us and told us to order the peppercorn burger which my boyfriend ordered. I believe I had the BLT burger. It had this jam like taste which I really liked. I'm a very simple burger girl, like not even cheese, but this was different and it was some good stuff! Really nice customer service. The bartender gave us waters right away, gave suggestions on the menu, and just overall nice.  I think he could tell we weren't from the area. I mean two Filipino people in phoenix dressed nice lol, I guess we're outta place hahahah. They were still welcoming.
5	I LOVE this place. I've been here probably 3 or 4 times and have always had a great experience.  The peppercorn burger is awesome, but my fave is the sweet and spicy one. Those candied jalapenos rock my world! Servers and bartenders are really friendly, the restrooms are super cute (I'm a sucker for an interesting restroom.) The only thing wrong is it's too far away from me!!!! Come out to Gilbert please!!!
3	Interesting concept, but value for the price is not there. Burger and fries is $15. Liked the pickled jalapeno burger, but didn't come back.
4	good foood
5	This is a great place to get a drink and unwind after a long week of work.Can't go wrong with a burger and a beer.It's the kind of place that Daniel H. would like.
5	Went for dinner last night with friends; everything was deliciousI can't wait to go back and try some of the new menu itemsI was in the mood for a chicken salad last night and there wasso much chicken I had to take half of it home.We had the awesome hot donuts but also tried the new cheesecake; not only was it yummy but the presentation was so cute!
2	I'm a local and just so you know, I did not get anything to eat here even though I understand the food is great. I just wanted to warn you about the prices.I pop in there on Friday night expecting to eat. We sat a the bar and my friend ordered a draft beer. The bartender set the pint down and presented a bill. It was Nine dollars $9!! Well, it was $8.75 but that's easily twice as much as any bar West of there (outside of scottsdale). So we decided to leave, I put down my menu and my bill was $8.75 also. this is for a pint of a premium beer that is $5.00 anyplace else I drink.
2	I just went here and, even though I've been before I was sadly disappointed. to start we got the cheese board. I was supposed to have 3 cheeses and an olive puree and a raspberry puree with baguette. When it came the olive puree was a handful of olives and the raspberry puree was something that looked like pico de gallo. The baguette was also chips instead of the soft bread I had assumed and when I put any force on it to try to spread the brie (which was cold) they shattered. I tried to ask the waitress what the pico was she walked off without looking at me. When she came back to another table I flagged her down and she took it and walked over to the kitchen. It was apparently a tomato-basil-strawberry thing and the purees on the menu were a mistype. It wasn't sweet enough for the brie and it was weird with the mozzarella. And since they have paper menus it would be relatively easy to fix the misprint.Then, literally 3 minutes after they brought the cheese board they brought our burgers and the guy that brought them said he would go ahead and put them under the heat lamps for us. When we asked for our burgers he put them down and said they would be hanging out near/in the kitchen and to call for them if we needed anything. Our waitress did check up on us a while later and brought the bill. For a $60 meal the service was lacking, the food was just O.K., and no one seemed to care. We decided to skip dessert here and go next door to Baskin Robbins.
5	Had the sweet and spicy burger and it is the best burger I have had in arizona. Hands down. Everything else is okay but when one thing is so good...you gotta go 5 stars
5	Great great burger place. We loved the place, the food and the service. Nothing bad to say. And we are big burger connoisseurs!!
1	Very disappointing to see what has become of the Grind since they changed management last fall. Formerly one of our favorite places, and formerly voted one of the best burgers in Phx. But they have cheeped out on ingredients and hired unsavory and lack-luster staff who in spite of scaring off most customers can not seem to get our orders correct. Argumentative when asked to correct the order. I for one request they take down the sign "voted best burger" it is now false advertising.
5	Love this place! It's close to my work, every time I walk in the bartender has a beer ready for me.  The food is amazing, I have tried almost all of their burgers and the wings are some of the BEST in phx
5	Super cool and relaxed environment. Great place to go for an after work drink and burger. Staff is really friendly and personable especially the Murphy brothers. Always a good time at this neighborhood establishment.
5	Ashley made our first visit a great one! If course the great food helped out quite a bit. The local greens salad A+, sweet & spicy burger cooked to perfection, a little too big for my liking, but I are it all. Such a great local bar feel!!! I'll be back.
5	Great burgers and atmosphere at The Grind.  The burgers are HUGE and amazing...my personal favorite is the peppercorn.  Combined with some regular or sweet potato fries, it's a great meal. Service always seems to be friendly and prompt. They play music which I enjoy and have a number of TV's above the bar.
4	The peppercorn burger at The Grind is one of the best burgers I've had!  This place has a cool, bar-like vibe with plenty of booth seating for business meetings, etc.  Having the TVs somewhat hidden behind the tinted glass is a nice change from most bars today, which often try to shove sports down your throat - nice one guys.
4	All nighter and sweet and spicy!
5	Just visitied The Grind for my first time last night.  Great burgers (sweet & spicy is a must try) - I only had one bite due to a current diet but I will be back for a full order soon!), excellent house cab/good pinot.  Yummy sweet potato fries:) and GREAT customer service - ask for Easton - he is a doll and a great server!  I am on a meal plan and he went through all my options with the variations I needed, so patient/helpful/friendly.
5	Hands down, BEST BURGER in Phoenix. Meet your girlfriends here for lunch when you're ready to go off your diet, and definitely order the donuts- but not to share. Heavenly.
2	Love this place...HOWEVER (keep reading).   Very Comfortable setting.  Awesome bar!  Very friendly staff!!!   The food is great (Yes one of the best burgers around)  however I gave it 2 stars because of their draft beer prices.  They do have cheaper options like half off happy hours and PBR but if you want a good beer it's $7.50 for a pint.  The menu pricing is misleading. It says Tap Beers are $5 but when the bill came they were $7.50.  Bartender although nice didn't offer to correct the price difference.  So at $7.50 that puts it above my price point...come on it's just a beer!  If not for that I'd scored them a strong 4 stars!!!  To bad because I live just a few blocks away.  Guess I'll be hitting up Mr. Fox or Ingo for all my burger & beer cravings.
5	Our server, Easton, was phenomenal. Very genuine and actually just hung out with us. He memorized our orders and attended to our needs very promptly. I ordered the peppercorn burger and seasoned fries. I was very satisfied. I would definitely recommend this spot!
4	Great place to have a burger. Nice way to end the weekend.  Out server was great and the food was great.
4	Okay, hit The Grind for happy hour. Great deal on beers and lots on tap. We tried their cilantro chili wing special,  regular hot wings. Having had a grind Burger before, I knew that it was the best, but I didn't feel up to a meal. BTW, their burgers ARE about the best I have ever had.  So if you are looking for a fresh, big , juicy burger, get in here. the place looks small but it is not a "joint". It's the real thing. As for the wings, they were good, not Buffalo style, more a grilled hot wing  served with celery salad (okay) and fried zucchini strings, which we loved. Ranch or blue cheese available. Very happening happy hour with fun people, good energy and affordable cold beer. So...GO!
2	Decided to give It another try. Last time I was here the food was okay but the service was bad. Well today was more of the same. My burger, the Mexi was okay but didn't at all remind me of "Mexican" food at all. Couldn't even taste a hint of chipotle aioli on it. That was the highlight. The sweet potato fries were burnt and the server was awful. It took forever to get our food and then for a side of ranch and refills on drinks. Others who ordered after us got their food first. Not sure how that happens. It wasn't busy either, just seems that they don't care about giving good customer service. Don't think I will be back anytime soon.
5	This was probably one of the best restaurants I've been to in my Arizona lifetime. The wings and burger were on point.. The waitress was nice and helpful but not over nice to where it's annoying. They have alot of tvs across the bar area definitely going back during football season
2	Way overpriced for this food. The burgers are mostly $12+ at this bar, yes it's a bar. They don't even come with sides. Then we got the $7 mac and cheese side, just to have something to go with the burgers. This dish was awful, very runny and bland. I just really cannot recommend this place for their food. The location itself was very clean and would be great if they knocked about 25% off virtually everything on the menu.
2	Went here for lunch a couple days ago. There were a couple people seated at the bar but no one at the booths. Thought the bar area was cute but pretty small inside. We started with the macaroni and cheese which was awful. It was so runny and soupy that I had to taste it with a spoon since my fork wouldn't jab into the noodle no matter how hard I tried. I ordered the sliders which came with three of their burgers (can't remember their names) and I was pretty disappointed. Really under-seasoned and no flavor. My boyfriend felt the same with his burger (peppercorn I believe it was). Really bland. The onion rings weren't good and neither were the semi burnt fries. The macaroni, Two meals, two sides and two sodas came to over $50. Don't recommend it and wouldn't go back. Oh and the service was nothing to brag about.
5	This place was recommended by a friend for best burgers so on our last day, we swung by for lunch.  Little did we know it was more of a night joint that we were the first ones and the only ones there eating for lunch, but the staff was really friendly and personable.  He told us about the history of the place and how their burgers were unique: coal fired.  I just ordered their Classic Cheeseburger while my husband had the Peppercorn Burger.  Also ordered some fries.  When the burger came out, it was stacked really high.  I'm not sure if the meat was 1/3 or 1/2 lb, but it was big!  I had to smash it down to even take a bite.  It came out on a antique pewter like plate which made it unique.  Ended up eating the whole thing which was surprising, but I did skip breakfast.  I would definitely consider coming back when in town!
5	This neighborhood treasure is something you must seek out, even if you're not already in the neighborhood!Please, whatever you do...start your meal with their Root Beer Float!  Straight from the tap with perfectly smooth vanilla ice cream.  This place gets creative with each one of their burgers.  Salads, Sandwiches, Steak and even Meat loaf!  BeWare -- you must order your starchy goodness extra, as the entree's do not come with Fries, Tots or Rings.  I must tell you however, their Onion rings are perfectly tempura'd.  So Good!Open late for those unexpected cravings after sun down :) Mosey on down to Arcadia for the evening and enjoy this perfect lunch or dinner spot waiting for you!
2	This place was very "eh" I got the mushroom burger, it was big but flavorless. The flavor of the sauce on the wings was quite bazaar in my opinion and the tarragon on the fries was extremely overpowering. But to top it all off the service was really below average. I was very disappointed in my dining experience here and for the price point there are much better burgers out there.
4	Here's the only thing you need to know: Sweet and Spicy Burger. I was really skeptical when my companion told me about it because 1) ratatouille wouldn't be the first topping I'd put on a burger, and 2) I'm not necessarily a fan of mixing sweet and savory things. I was wrong: It's one of the best, most interesting burgers I've ever had. I got the Peppercorn Burger for myself and it was nicely done and tasty, but I was SO jealous of my companion's Sweet and Spicy Burger after I had a bite. I wanted his instead of mine. The Sweet and Spicy Burger is what I'll be getting next time I visit. And maybe every time.We also ordered the seasonal coal-roasted vegetables, which happened to be baby bok choy. I've had my share of bok choy (hey, I'm Chinese) and I've never had much more to say about it than "Eh, it's a vegetable," but The Grind prepared it with garlic and sambal or sriracha, and it was DELICIOUS. I wanted to eat an entire plate full of it. The herbed fries rounded out our meal, adding the requisite starch one must have with a burger. Not mind-blowing, but tasty. Nice ambiance for a date night, tasty food offerings, good service. I'll be back.Of note, the menu on Yelp is not current. It's worth going to The Grind's website for the latest offerings.
3	The Grind is a nice little place and if I lived within walking distance I might be more inclined to return. Our experience was decent. We got the West Coast Insalata, Mac n cheese, and the buffalo burger. The service was just fine, friendly and helpful but nothing particularly special, which with this place I wasn't expecting anyway. The salad was good but a little too spicy in that it was overpowering I would give it a 6.5. The Mac n cheese was excellent, with lots of flavor and very creamy, it gets a 9 and the buffalo burger was very good however it is $18. I'd give it an 8 but for $18 I expect it to be a 10. We probably won't go back anytime soon, but we are open to giving it another shot in the future. Atmosphere is the worst thing about it. Very small, more of a bar feel than restaurant and definitely not conducive to taking young children, I give it's setting a 5. However they did have live music in the corner which added a little something to the experience. It at least shows they are trying. Overall it's okay.
4	Go here and check out the sweet and spicy burger! I also like the sweet potato fries!
4	Awesome neighborhood bar/burger joint. The Cheese Burger gang approves and will be back for more!! Between the four of us, we tried the Texas All American, the California (on special), the Double Down Bacon Cheeseburger and the Classic Cheeseburger. All were great and full of flavor! We shared the herbed fries and the sweet potato fries. Both very tasty! For dessert we went with the House Bread Pudding and the Warn Doughnuts with salted butterscotch...and these desserts were awesome!!!! Can't wait to go back!
4	A chill neighborhood bar!!  The service was amazing! I had the Mesquite Charred Chicken Wings. The meat fell right off the bone. Amazing
5	Great little place! We stumbled upon it by word of mouth and will definitely be back!Food was SO good and they had a good beer selection, too. We didn't even know it, but we came during happy hour. You have to get the Mac and cheese if you go :)The vibe was contemporary and relaxed and our server was very nice. Had a great time!
4	Good food, and nice atmosphere. Sometimes a live solo act for music.  This place is fun and interesting.
4	Came here for Arizona Restaurant Week and am so glad we did! It's located in a convenient plaza. Walking up to the front, by the looks of it, it felt like we needed a password to enter. But it turned out to be a very quaint, seat-yourself, modern diner/bar. The ARW menu comes with a COMPLIMENTARY cheese plate! And a draft beer. My bf and I were pleased with our choices from the custom menu: the bruschetta (appetizer), sweet & spicy burger (main course), and doughnuts with butterscotch sauce for dessert were all good, unique, and full of flavor. I also ordered the Stir Fry which was awesome as well. Our server was real nice and prompt. Thanks to The Grind for an awesome date night and ARW!
3	great food, except their SCALLOPED POTATOES which is not cooked all the way andgross, not even baked long enough.
5	I try not to eat burgers on a regular basis so the grind is a treat. When I arrive I must have a Dark and Stormy or Moscow mule. They like serving drinks of this nature in very cold copper mugs which makes it feel special. I've tried other peoples burgers here but my favorite will always be the Peppercorn burger. It is seasoned just right, cooked to my liking and though the presentation makes it look like it won't fit in my mouth it always seems to fit... Every single bite.
5	I think this place is really underrated compared to some other fancypants restaurants in the area, and that's a total bummer because food at The Grind is fantastic---especially when you compare the burgers here to those at nearby Ingo's or The Stand. (I actually really dig The Stand, but service there is terrible, and the food is often inconsistent. Ingo's is really just "eh" for me.) The Grind is hands-down the best burger joint in Phoenix for a number of reasons.What I love about this place is that it serves really upscale food featuring trendy flavor combinations and excellent preparations. Here are some of the menu items that I've tried, loved and crave on a regular basis:Rosemary Roasted Brie served in puff pastry with strawberry relish (YUM!)Scalloped Potatoes (Oh, baby! Oh, baby!)Peppercorn Burger w/Whisky sauce, matchstick potatoes and charred onion (Squee)Warm Donughts w/Salted Butterscotch dipping sauce (GET. IN. MAH. BELLY.)I'm actually salivating just typing this stuff.You will love the burgers here because they're charred to perfection in a really cool coal-fired oven. They maintain their moisture on the inside, but they've got a really great crust on the outside.Oh, another reason why I love this place: Everything tastes really, really fresh. Normally, I'm not really down with rabbit food, but I'll happily eat any vegetable on the menu at The Grind because I know it's gonna be seasoned to perfection and taste like it came out of the background of an Ansel Adams photo.When it comes to washing down all of the delicious eats, just pick any cocktail. You can't go wrong because the bartenders are really boss, too. My personal favorites are The Moscow Mule (cool, crisp and refreshing) and The Blueberry Hill (a mojito that fell in love with summer berries.)The Grind is truly the bomb diggity. If you've never been there, I suggest you keep on driving right past all the other schlock in Arcadia, sit yourself down, and order one of, like, everything.
2	Food is mediocre and staff will argue with you.  I ordered a burger that stated had American cheese on it and I asked for cheddar.  The server then said they only have cheddar but she would make sure. My burger finally came out and it had American cheese it. My friend got a different sandwich and had cheddar cheese in it. I ended up eating it dissatisfied because another server asked if I was ok because I wasn't eating it at all. I explained my issue with him as well and he argued with me about how they don't have American cheese. I pulled the cheese off of my friends sandwich to show the difference he proceeded to argue but said he'd take it back. I refused because I don't like to send food back. Nevertheless they took it off the bill.
4	Best onion rings! Patti melt is delicious and filling. Only reason i gave it 4 stars was because we got the west coast insalata and it had wayyy too much vinegar. Great, friendly service will def be going back soon !
4	What a great little find!!!Found this place on Yelp had some nice write ups, so glad we tried it.Would definitely recommend this place and will absolutely come back again and again!
4	Had the opportunity to order the pepper corn burger and it was delicious. I ordered it at medium and the burger came out perfect. It was very juicy with lots of flavor! The appetizer was called "the garbage pail" which is fries and grounded up steak meat. For dipping I mixed Siracha and mayo to give it some extra heat and flavor. The beer selection was great and so was the service !
4	Been here twice 2008 & 2011 and the food is always good. High quality staff but sometimes a little too happy with 'there selfs.
4	The title of my review pretty much sums it up. One of my favorite dishes is the The Grind and you can't go wrong with the homemade chocolate chip cookies for dessert! Try to get seated by the windows great people watching on Phoenix.
