1	This had to be the worst Sonic I have ever been to! I got food poisoning and the staff was very rude. They took about 10 minutes to even take my order. When they brought me my food I mentioned to them that their sign said if they do not try to up sell an order I get $2 off my next visit. They stated that they did try to up sell. I was not going to argue over a stupid $2 as the server was trying to but I did mention to him that the cashier did not up sell to anyone and I could hear their orders as well. This place was terrible, has bad service and food. I do not agree with false advertisements and rude service.  I love Sonic and I will not be returning to this one.
4	Absolutely love their staff! First drive-thru I've been to where they actually care whether or not they have your order right. Great place at night!
3	I like their Tater Tots tho I haven't had them for ages, they have good drinks, the breakfast sandwiches are pretty good,  though not very healthy I'm sure.   A coupla nights ago I stopped in here late to try out their Holiday Chocolate Mint Milkshake.   It was pretty good,  very creamy,  good flavor,  about a dollar more than the Peppermint one at Arby's.   Both had tons of peppermint slivers in them.   I'd rather just have the mint flavor without the particles I have to chew.   To each his own. I'd go back but not too often.
5	I don't know how you can go wrong with a cherry & lime slush,corn dog and chili cheese tots! Oh yeah, go during happy hour to get drinks half off.In addition to happy hour (2-4pm) they run other specials but I never remember what or when they are. It's probably a good thing I don't, otherwise I'd probably be there everyday and double in size while simultaneously going broke on the breaded and fried delights.I'm not a fan of using sprite zero in the limeades. No doubt they would put regular sprite in it if I asked but when I ordered one without noticing they switched it my taste buds were not happy with the surprise.
5	Good service, good food. Great drinks. not much else to say.
5	I was craving a burger & decided to try Sonic.  It was so good, I will be back again.  Yummy for my tummy!
5	Yes I came back for another burger yesterday.  Yummy!!!
4	Good experience. Nice staff even though our visit was really late. I thought it was weird the drive thru doesn't have a window but I guess that's the whole place. Hot fudge sundae looked and tasted good. This chain place lives up to its reputation. Fast, tasty, and clean.
5	I went around 11:00am and ordered a large Cherry Nerd slushy, a large Mango Iced Tea and three chicken strips sandwiches. There was only one other car and they sort of took a long time. The chicken strip sandwiches where made perfectly not sloppy and they came with like 3-4 stripes of chicken which is pretty good for $1.49. The slushy was sort of melted but it was delicious and the Mango tea I took a sip of it (not for me) and it tasted sweet and good. The service was good but not fast just normal I guess. The cashier was nice and not rude. The waiter in the roller skates was nice too. Everything was awesome and no complaints.
1	Things at this Sonic have gone from bad to worse.  The quality had been failing and the staff doesn't even have a clue what they are doing.  Today was the best one yet.  We went there for breakfast and they have a special where large drinks are .99.  That should be simple, well not for them or their  management staff.  We get the receipt and they charge us 1.99.  Should be and easy fix, should be, well it wasn't.  We were told they can't refund it they already ran the card, sorry.  They gave us a coupon for a .99 drink for later.  How does that fix it?  No matter how many ways we explain, they don't get it.  I understand they are young, but they need someone with more  management training there to help. Get it together Sonic.
1	Took forever to get anyone to help us, then to top it off our order was wrong! Definitely not coming back!!!
