5	Everything The Cottage at Queen Creek does is amazing!  They did the flowers for my cousin's grandmother's funeral and they were beautiful.  They worked within our budget and their staff is very helpful and sure know their flowers!
5	The Cottage was the florist for our April 2009 wedding. They were fantastic. Many who have planned or are planning a wedding know what a stressful task it is to find each individual vendor. The florists we met with prior to contacting The Cottage were well out of our price range. Imagine my relief when I found this tucked away, adorable cottage in Queen Creek that also happened to be a florist. The prices were very reasonable, the girls spent a good amount of time with me discussing what I really wanted and best of all, the end result was stunning. Our flowers were delivered on time to our venue and the calla lilies which were the center of every arrangement were breathtaking. As a bride, I appreciated the reasonable pricing, friendliness of the staff and most of all the outstanding finished product. I would highly recommend this florist for weddings!
2	Bummed that I have to be the downer here ... but got a dozen roses for my wife for our 12 year anniversary and feel I was charged way to much for the flowers to start wilting and dying not even a day later ... seriously I have bought roses that looked better from Target several days later than these did.  Maybe if I paid the same price as Target I wouldn't be complaining, but I didn't ... I paid A LOT more in hope that I would have gotten a better product.  (and not be the cheap husband that always goes to Target last minute .. I actually thought this one out hahaha)The gal that runs the place the the delivery guy was awesome .. even when they delivered they broke a rose and went back and brought us 3 new ones to make up for the one that they accidentally broke on delivery.  The store was an awesome little store too.  Just bummed that the roses didn't last for more than a 24 hour period for what I paid .. that is my biggest issue ...
5	The flowers arrived so beautiful and fresh yesterday.  My brother, daughter,even my equine DVM  have sent me flowers from this florist..  I have always  felt like I was receiving a bit more than expected.  You will either be sending or receiving an arrangement that you would have expected from a small town florist, years back.  I highly recommend them. Flowers are expensive and they deliver, the beauty and fragrance that you paid for.
5	What an excellent experience. I strongly recommend these kind folks. The quality and service was second to none.
5	If I could give The Cottage 10 stars, I would! This is one place in Queen Creek that I continue to be impressed by. The staff is out of this world, and the quaint little cottage is one of those places that you just *have* to stop by and visit from time to time.For my daughter's birthday, we stopped in and got her a few little trinkets for her fairy garden. She asks to go back at least once a week! Though, I will say, this is not a place you should take little ones because they will just get into everything and make you a nervous wreck. As long as they're at the age where they can look without touching, it's fine.I ordered flowers for my wife for our anniversary, and even though I had no idea what type of bouquet to get, The Cottage staff put together the PERFECT flower arrangement! We were both very impressed. Plus, they got me major brownie points with the wife so... FIVE STARS FOR SURE. ;)Our flower arrangements always last a good week or two, they're always super fresh, and just absolutely gorgeous. Next time I order some, I'll take a photo and update!Tip: There isn't much parking around back, and it's a beast to get in and out of, so park on the street if you can.
5	After a couple more years giving them chances do I feel good about leaving a 5 star review now. You will pay more here (based on ALL other flower shops I've been too), but the roses seem to be high quality & last longer than before when I'd come here (years ago) .... anyway friendly service and delivery right on time. A nice local shop that I hope keeps thriving.
5	Just ordered flowers for my wife and daughter. They were delivered early and beautiful. My wife is a bit of a perfectionist and she thought they were awesome. My daughter started potty training today and I sent her some flowers as well for her big adventure.  Thanks for making this day a special one.Great job team...
