3	Like most folks, I buy most of my computer and office gear online. Between the good prices, and in a lot of cases, free shipping, one would be a fool not to.After poring over endless reviews, I finally found the printer I wanted -- no, needed. The reviews also stated to wait around for a huge price drop that happens regularly. I did, and missed it every time it happened at Fry's or Newegg or Tiger Direct.Imagine my surprise, when I saw the deal show up at Staples! Staples. Wow. I hadn't thought of that place in ages.The reviewers also said you could score a big fat Staples in-store coupon on eBay, for a song. I did.I placed my order online, used my coupon, and opted for the free in-store pick-up. I had to wait 3 days for it to get there, which was kind of annoying. I swung by on my way home from work, showed the nice man my receipt, and the coveted printer was mine! Along with some ridiculously cute flowered binder clips I happened to spy while I was there.My only issues were the slow delivery time -- possibly due to the proximity of the holidays -- and the cramped, demolition derby-like parking lot. Otherwise, I was happy to find that Staples is still relevant to my needs after all.
4	Stopped in to print and make copies. Trouble-free. The clerk and manager made sure my purchase was registered in their program and helped me print a receipt. Super nice!
5	Officemax has been my office store of choice for years until my bad experience the other day ( Read My Review ).Staples is as good as it gets !I have never had bad service at Staples and they always have what I need when I need it.  They have great prices and great selections.I was in and out of the store the other day in less than two minutes.Woohoo ! Staples is my new office store !
4	Good customer service, store is clean and organized.
3	It's ok if you use their rewards system and need something in a pinch, but if you are in the market for boxes or packing supplies, be prepared to pay.  This location is convenient, just off the freeway.  Parking lot sucks, especially when it's busy.  Staff was nice enough.
5	Great customer service needed a last minute print for my wedding and the wonderful gal Autumn (I hope I spelled her name right!) came to the rescue. Thank you for making my special day a little easier.
5	Great customer service checking out today, it's alway nice to have a knowledgeable cashier.
