5	This place is nothing short of amazing!  I've had my cat groomed with a lion cut for the 12 years i've had her and she's been to plenty of groomers.  None of them meet the quality she gets here.  I've been going back here for the 4 years I've lived in central phoenix.
5	I've taken my dog to Ingleside grooming for years. Always provide a high quality cut/grooming. Price is very, very reasonable. Great services.
5	This was our first visit and we had no complaints. Reasonable price and right down the street. Did a great job grooming my dog.
2	NOT happy. I spoke with Christy on the phone and she was rude and unaccommodating. She required that i drop my animal off at 7am but could not tell me when i would need to pick her up. She also informed me that she did not accept appointments because "she doesn't know what her day will look like" and that she "goes home whenever she wants" - clearly working is not her priority. I scheduled an appointment at another groomer in the area. I truly worry how my animal will be treated since I was treated so horribly over the phone.
4	I have read some of the Yelp reviews and at my first visit at the Ingleside Grooming I was not too impressed with curt response to some of my questions as she seemed initially annoyed with my presence, however, I continued to request their services to groom my pet.  When I returned the next day with my pet, I was significantly late at dropping her off for her appointment.  I also told her that my pet is a nervous pet and has always pooped whenever I took her to Petsmart or to the vet.The person who was there (the same person whom I spoke to the day before), I apologize and she was very understanding and did not seem upset at all for my tardiness.  I felt really comfortable at that point.  When I returned to pick up my pet the same person who I have been dealing with was so nice and told me how my dog behaved and how sweet she was and, best of all, didn't poop!  And my dog's new look (she's 3 years old and never had a hair cut, so she was pretty bushy) is fantastic!  and the cost is very reasonable with what comes included!  I highly recommend her!
