5	You could drive past here several times & still miss it.  Tucked away, little sign.  But, when you do walk in, be prepared to find your favorite wine at way less than you've purchased it previously.  This is especially true if it is a high end wine or if you special order by the case.  Tom, the owner, will be happy to try to accomodate most any wine request.  I think if he can't get it, no one can LOL.  So don't be shy, ASK!
5	This is one of Scottsdale's hidden gems - all wine drinkers need to stop in. Tom (the owner) has a fantastic selection of wine - and he marks them up fractions compared to other wine shops. He's extremely knowledgeable and can recommend the perfect bottle of wine for your tastes. If you're looking for a particular bottle that he doesn't sell, he can easily get it in for you, too. Cheers!
5	Update for an update - they have totally remodeled!  Yaiii.  Leather sofas - yup!Added Tables - checkLarger space - checkNew 2nd bar - Niiiiice!Bistro Highboy seating  - checkShiny,  Big screen TV's - checkSpecial Orders?  Check,  CheckAmazing wine tastings - checkNew, classy wood floors - checkTop-notch winemakers visiting - checkBest prices in ALL of AZ?    Check-a-roo !Food & Wine now being served - YesssssssTrying to locate that HTF bottle?  They gotcha covered!Completely knowledgeable & educated staff?  Just ask Tom or Andrea
5	It is true - this place is a hidden gem.  The first time I went there (based on these reviews) I initially wondered what all the fuss was about - it's smallish and doesn't appear to have much selection.  That's because they only carry the really nice wines.  A woman recommended a wine to me that was such a great price I decided to take a chance.  I was back a couple days later to buy much more.  I took my husband there (he is very wine savvy) and they recommended some wines to him that he tried because of the unbelievable pricing - yep, he went back for more and a case of one.These folks really know their wines and somehow are able to sell at incredible pricing.  In fact I compared a few with BevMo (right across the street) and Phoenix Wine had much better pricing.I wish they weren't so far away from the house we just bought.  We'll be stopping in to Phoenix Wine whenever we get the chance.
5	I am glad I took the time to seek this place out.  If a local husband and wife shop can compete at a major intersection with numerous big players, it must be doing something right.  I came in to find a few gift bottles.  There were some well known bottles as well as a number of more obscure offerings.  I found a relatively well known Malbec (which I later saw was 50 cents more at nearby Total Wine), and they steered me towards a white Priorat that was 100% Grenache Blanc (or Garnacha Blanca if you prefer).  Who knew that existed?If you want a more personal wine buying experience with owners who put a lot of thought into what goes on their shelves, and who don't do ridiculous markups, you should check this place out.  It's a lot more interesting shopping here than it is at a big impersonal chain or at that shop down the road that specializes in trophies that nobody can afford.
5	For us, Phoenix Wine has better values than Costco, BevMo or Total Wine. Each of their wines are carefully selected based on believe it or not, their clientele! They listen to what their customers are saying and what they like. Tom and Andrea (I think her name is) will guide you to the perfect wine. Whether you're into boutique Napa Valley Cabs or a value Pinot, you'll find it here.
5	I met Tom the owner about 6 years ago.  There is a computer store next door.  I had to get my laptop repaired and decided to check the place out.  I work in the restaurant industry and I almost don't want to post this to keep it all to myself but the prices are unbelievable.  Meaning in a very great way.  Go see them!  Do not go to another grocery store or the corporate big houses ever again!
5	This place has it all.  A great wine selection, more the reasonable prices, an engaged and knowledgeable owner, and a great atmosphere.  All the wines have been screened by Tom the owner so it almost impossible to find a bad wine.  Been to a couple of tastings there and they are incredibly fun.  Don't know what heaven is like but it would not surprise me if it was a lot like Phoenix Wine.  Highly recommended.
