5	Although much farther away from my work or home than my previous doctor in Charlotte, the extra drive to Northwest Family Physicians is always worth it (if I leave on time and don't get caught behind any school buses on the way).  Dr. William Larsen was recommended to me and I'm glad I switched my primary care to him.  I receive such great care from Dr. Larsen and I feel comfortable talking to him openly and honestly.  Best of all, he doesn't rush in and out of the room.  He takes the time to sit and listen to you to understand everything that may be affecting your current symptoms.  The staff has always been great, too.  Doctor appointments are usually last-minute things for me (because I'm dying or something) and they can always get me in when it's convenient for ME.  I appreciate that and that says a lot about their service.
5	I mean Dr. William Larsen's place.  Not just so close to my house, the staff are so friendly, considerate and passionate.I rarely visit doctors' office and hard to find a good one in Charlotte, nevertheless, my previous insurance did not refer me to this place but gave me a couple that I had never had a treatment as I got lost in downtown or I could not find the place.Four years ago, my son got a physical for college entrance and we accidentally went to Dr. Larsen's office.  Like them.Early this year, I had a serious chest infection, got an appointment quick and had that fixed fast.  Then my boyfriend was referred by insurance to other place that he could hardly find.  After checking he could go to Dr. Larsen, my boyfriend was so happy with their service. I just got my physical quick appointment with no hassle and check up the following day.Good place.
5	I'm leaving Charlotte and dreading finding a new doctor because Dr. Larsen has been a fantastic doctor for the past 2 years. Making an appointment is easy, the staff is fantastic. Dr. Larsen takes his time and answers questions. He's correctly addressed any medical issue I've had. In addition, if relevant for you, he's LGBT-friendly (I found him on the Gay and Lesbian Medical Association). I can't speak to the abilities of the female doctor there, whose name escapes me, but Larsen is gold!
5	Fantasic and very friendly staff! The best in Charlotte hands down!
1	staff is friendly enough..drs are quick and dont really listen or ask any questions... ive changed drs since my last visit and am very happy. i had an appt that i had rescheduled here and they keep sending and will not stop sending a letter asking me to pay for a missed visit when i called to cancel a week before. found a way better dr...little better to drive but at least i feel like im getting the customer service i deserve...
5	I have been seeing Dr. Larsen for more than 6 years.  I can not begin to tell you how happy I am with his practice.  I manage a medical practice of my own and belive me I know how difficult it can be to provice quality care and good customer service.  The have accomplished it every visit.  Wait times are always a possiblity in a medical facility, but they have never been an issue with Dr. Larsen (usually 5-15 minutes).Dr. Larson is extremely personal and professional.  I never feel like a number with him or his staff.  He has gone out of his way to make sure I've gotten the care I needed, even when I had a lapse in insurance coverage.  His office is 20 minutes from my home and 45 minutes from my work.  I gladly drive there and will continue to do so.
5	Northwest Family Physicians is the best!  I have been going there for about 10 years or more. Incredible service all around.   Dr. Larsen is my favorite physician ever. He is very personable, friendly, and professional - - and even in these fast times, ALWAYS takes time to listen intently to every concern (even if I have a list) without judgement - a model for all doctors to follow and live up to.  He's very logical and thorough, so I know there is no stone left unturned.  And it's always clear during these discussions that he is up-to-date on the latest in medicine. I moved to Durham, NC, over a year ago and he's still my primary physician!  Wouldn't have it any other way!  Dr. Larsen's nurses are also great - friendly, professional, and very attentive (won't name names - don't want to miss anyone).
5	Amazing staff and doctor.  I've been seeing Dr. Larsen for years and trust his diagnosis.
3	I have been a patient of doctor Larsen's since early 2014. I have seen the other doctor in the practice, Dr. Nelson 3 times though. My husband, my son and myself are all patients at this practice. Each time that I have seen Dr. Larsen in person the experience has been positive while in the appointment but I have had a few instances that the customer service were below my expectation outside of appointments. I will start off by saying that my son is 2 years old. He was there for an appointment that I booked two weeks in advance because it wasn't an emergency and I told the receptionist that I knew flu season was upon us and to make my sons appointment fit what time works for them, as I'm at stay at home mom and can come any time. She chose afternoon. My son and I showed up on time and waited almost an hour past his appointment time. That within it's self is FINE. However, as a two year old in a boring room, my son was getting bored and making noise. I was trying to stop him but that's when the nurse felt it was okay to come in there and almost yell at my son. I was not okay with that. Had THEY been on time with appointments, my son wouldn't have been in there making noises, because we would have been gone. What promoted this review was my today's experience. I was seen Friday in the urgent care. I have the flu and a kidney infection. I'm on several medications and I called this morning to ask if the certain antibiotic I am on would cover a sinus infection and an ear infection because I think I am developing that as well. When the nurse got back to me (she called within a reasonable amount of time) she said yes it would. I then asked if the doctor could write pain medicine and if he didn't write a narcotic then that was okay. His suggestion was to continue what I'm taking and give it a few days, even though I told them my current treatment was not helping. That upset me because there are hundreds of non narcotic medications he could try but I felt that he didn't want to deal with me. I spoke to the office manager and she states that she doesn't think that Northwest Family Physicians can do anything right by me and maybe it is time that I find a new doctor, which I had suggested I would do. I told her while yes, I have has 3 total complaints I have given 2 positive reviews about them too. During one visit a patient rep came in and asked me how my visit was and I told her that the visit was going great and I have a suggestion. I told the patient rep about the incident with my son and my complaint and I suggested maybe getting crayons for small children. The patient rep thought what as a good idea and said she would note that. Today during my call with the office manager she ONLY brought up my negative thoughts. After being here in my bed since Saturday in excruciating pain in my back, I am now looking on my insurance site to find a new doctor. While doctor Larsen is a good doctor, he has stood my husband and my own care. Our opinion seems not to matter to them. They have no patient retention and don't care if they loose a patient. I find that appalling.
