5	Breanne saved my pasty white self from missing out of my friend's engage party.She was extremely accommodating with my schedule since I was flying in from SF to Scottsdale and contacted her at the last minute to book her before her closing time and before my weekend engagement party.We were high tech and stayed in touch via text from the time I landed to the time I was jetting to her studio from Scottsdale.She's a pro at what she does and I didn't feel uncomfortable while being nikkid at her studio.  The next few days everyone complimented me on my tan and all I could do was wink and say 'yah, I've a nice glow.'  ;-)
5	Breanne recently did the airbrushing, for myself, and the rest of my best friend's wedding party. We met Breanne at one of the bridal shows, and she gave us a great deal with the purchase of six spray tans. She brought her tiki tent and equipment to my friend's house, so we had our own little tanning party. She was totally professional, but really fun. She's super knowledgeable about the airbrushing, and she really paid attention when we told her how dark each of us wanted to be. She carefully touched us up before she left to make sure our tans would all be perfect for my friend's special day.She mentioned that she'll be featured on Groupon soon, and I can't wait to load up on more tans. Breanne is absolutely the best! I highly recommend to anyone and everyone who is looking to tan safely and beautifully.
5	TWinkle Tan Rocks!  I look super tan and super awesome!  It takes 20 minutes and it lasts 10 solid days...so for a special event or just anytime you want to look sun kissed with out the sun burn...try this place.  I've tried other fake bakes that don't last or are uneven.  This tan isn't stinky either.  Bree the owner really cares and does a fabulous job.
5	Brea is wonderful! i had her to my home for a tanning party- which was a first for everyone including myself. I recieved her information at a Bridal show in January and was excited to try her out. Well i am sure glad i did. All of my girls loved the in home tanning party and how comfortable Brea made us all feel.She didn't rush at all she made sure we were all perfectly tanned and golden.i've got her booked for a trial tan to make sure of how my tan will look for my big day coming up and then i plan to book her for my entire wedding party.thanks Brea for a job well done!!!!
5	I love tanning, but unfortunately UV rays are not good for your skin. After getting fed up with the last tanning salon I was going to, I decided this is a good time for me to quit using tanning beds. I have gotten air brush tans before, but always felt the whole process wasn't worth it. Well, Twinkle Tan and Bre changed my opinion of air brush tanning completely. She does such a professional job and pays attention to detail. She makes sure you are getting the absolute best spray tan for your money and that you are happy with the results. I got a spray from her about two weeks ago and it lasted for about 7 days! I work out a lot and I also do Bikram yoga so if I didn't do that, I feel it would have lasted even long. Either way, I was extremely pleased and if anyone is going to get a spray tan, go here!
5	This was a wonderful place to receive a tan
5	Came here after a Buy With Me coupon I purchased it to try out a spray tan and I LOVED it! The owner was my tech and she was so nice and accommodating. The application was painless and quick. I brought in my own top and she provided the bottoms. Her boutique has lots if great clothes and, my favorite, jewelry! Lots I'd cute pieces at great prices. My tan has already lasted one solid week and probably will for another couple of days. Your skin is sticky, a little smelly (like tanning lotion), and a little dark the first 8 hours but that all went away after I took a shower. I would definitely go back and recommend her to others!
5	I have never used a tanning bed or spay tanned in my life.... But my wedding was on a Saturday so a friend suggested I spray tan because I was looking a little pale.  Using YELP, I found Twinkle Tan and the reviews are true!  The ladies who work here are professional.  They made me glow on my wedding day.   The tan was perfect!  No lines, no streaks, no spots!  I was super nervous because I have been friends who streak after tanning, but you pay for what you get.  I recommend Twinkle Tan to ANYONE.
5	Great staff, even, long lasting tan.
5	I was a little nervous to do airbrush as to the results I would get...now, I love it! They did a fabulous job. It was quick and comfortable! I was a little unsure about the amount i saw coming off in the shower; however, it's fine now. We'll see how long the tan lasts! Very cute boutique.
5	Twinkle Tan is awesome! This is not my first spray tan, but it was my first by air brush... I will never go back to booth spray again!! I highly recommend Twinkle Tan! I feel amazing....
1	good luck getting a response from this place!  I have tried out a couple different spray tan salons in the Valley, which I was introduced to through Groupon in the past.  I was very pleased with the spray tan results and the service I received at those places.. so I thought I couldn't go wrong when I purchased a voucher from Enamor for Twinkle Tan.  Well, I could and I did :(  Any girl knows that it is important that the people she calls on for beauty services are welcoming and attentive.  If you expect the same kind of service, try a different place!  I tried at least 3 times to make an appointment via text (as recommended by the voicemail) and electronically through the website and had to go long periods of time to even get a response and have not been accomodated yet.  Well, I'm not holding my breath and my voucher expired without getting used.  Don't waste your money like I did :/
1	As requested by Twinkle Tan, I wanted to provide some information to further support my previous review.  Check out the dates!  Apparently "shortly" means a month later.   Subject: Re: Request for Tanning AppointmentFrom: *********@gmail.comDate: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 23:46:33 -0700To: **********@gmail.comWe apologize if your request has not been answered. If you have booked your appointment please disregard this email, if you are still needing assistance please contact us at 602.xxx.xxx and leave a vm if no answer. Someone will contact you shortly. Thank you,Twinkle TanSent from my iPhoneOn Feb 22, 2012, at 9:18 PM, mailsender@parastorage.com wrote:**********@gmail.com has sent you a message using your contact form at: www.twinkletan.com/Page 0Senders email: **********@gmail.comHi! I would like to schedule a spray tan appointment for this Saturday or Sunday, February 25th or 26th, if possible. Are there any openings? Thank you
1	Yelp is also a place to access honest reviews of shady businesses; and should not be used by business owners to given themselves a 5-star rating to mislead the public.  Good one, Twinkle Tan, you almost fooled me.Attempt to schedule a spray tan appointment on 3/5/2012 via text message-Me:     Hi!  My friend and I bought Enamor vouchers and noticed they are expiring soon- do you have any openings for tomorrow (Tuesday) or this weekend?  Pretty please thank you Twinkle Tan:     We have openings Wednesday Thursday Friday Other than that we are booked. Me:     Ok- when is the next Saturday appointment that you have available? Sent from my iPhone***not holding my breath, but still waiting.....
5	I just got sprayed last night because we have a family photo shoot tonight. IT LOOKS FANTASTIC!!! It's been over a year since we've gotten professional pictures done and although the way I personally look doesn't mean everything for the pictures, rather the memories, I do feel so much more confident in not looking SO white in them!!! The owner accomodated me last minute, and on a Saturday night bc of our pictures. I AM SO THANKFUL for good business owners like you!!!! And the tan looks so natural it's just perfect :) THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU!
5	Brea has sadly hung up her gun to stay home with her kiddos, but is sending her clients to Designer Shades in North Scottsdale for a fantastic Airbrush Tan. www.getsunless.com
