4	This is a great new Mexican supermarket that gives Mariana's a run for it's money. They have great meat selections that are well cared for, beautiful and affordable produce, and house made tortillas and chips that you can watch them prepare. They also have some unique items, including over seven different kinds of home-made cremas, or sour creams. The shopping experience is much better than at Marianas and the yummy free samples complete the fun.
5	Cardenas Market is very clean, very good prices. The staff unlike any other super-friendly, you can ask anyone for a sample of anything and they will immediately give it to you.  While standing for over 1 minute at the meat counter a lady with a microphone came by and called the butcher, whom came running to serve us. Cheeses galore (yum!). We have so far only had their chicken, which is delicious, the tortillas are great and do not get hard the next day like Marianna's. I could write more, but you get the point. Definitely worth the 20min drive.
5	I was very impressed with this store. It was almost like being in a little Mexico.
5	I love this place!They make the best authentic Mexican food around. They have tons of deals on all types of stuff,  always fresh produce, products you won't find anywhere else, and their staff is very hands-on and really pleasent to deal with. I for sure will come back for my shopping and for a plate of chicken or a burrito (Serg you can keep the tongue burritos for yourself lol, although it was the best I've had).Enjoy!
5	Unlike alot of Mexican grocery stores this one is uncluttered , wide aisles. There is a little food court with some good looking food. There is a huge grill cooking some chix, el pollo loco style. Then u come to the tortilla section were they are making it fresh. First time I've seen nopales (cactus) tortillas. The meat section is very clean , I don't usually buy marinated meat but it looked so good and fresh , I thought it would go with the fresh tortillas , salsa and guacamole we had in the cart . They also have a cheese counter with all kinds of Mexico 's finest. They even had fresh made rice pudding they sell by the lb.  The bakery was impressive, everything looked so good . We picked up some reg flan for my mom who's flying in tonight. I say regular because they have a flan that is on chocolate cake , first for me . Taste pretty good . Too bad or maybe it's a good  thing it's a good drive from my house, cause this is one market I would love to go to every week . If u like to cook or eat Mexican food this place is for u .
5	Holy cow, this place is big! It's like a grocery store with built in bakery and taco stand. You can make fresh selections from the made to order menu, or you can watch them make the fresh tortillas right in front of you. They also have fresh Salas, sour cream, and guacamole, just pick up some tortillas, some chips and you have an instant fix of Mexican flavors to enjoy on the spot. The pastries are different from the usual flair I have, they are more like biscuits with filling. I have never seen so many types of vegetables in a market. The selection of peppers is incredible! They have a large selection of marinated meats, they didn't smell and looked fresh. We did buy some marinated steak which we cooked up and with our fresh white corn tortillas, Salas, sour cream and guacamole had a nice little taco night for a change. Overall, it's a nice little store and I would love to make it a regular stop.
4	My Spaniard or Spanish & Mexican or Latina inner fire is awakened each and every time I stop for essential items, produce, meats in the "carniceria" (meat market), baked goods & pastry in the bakery, also tacos, chips and made-in-the-supermarket tortillas in the "tortilleria"  from this large supermarket which have numerous chains in the Western U.S. mainly in California. Clean, uncluttered, spacious supermarket. I love watching hot corn tortillas being made right before my eyes. Here is where I take home from the Spanish flan for my sweet craving of the smoothest blend of flan I ever tasted. The "Chocolate Flan" is my favorite dessert I get from here. I am not into "chorizos" (sausage) much but they are my breakfast  treat I sometime ago selected from here. Favorite fruit Pomegranate is at a price that's easy on anyone's "piggy" bag. I am still in the store at this writing, still shopping. Supermarket is huge......
4	Great supermarket with a Desert area and on the other side an area with a full menu including grilled chicken made to go or eat anything there. I personally love their burritos or tortas, their carnitas is the BOMB!!! To go with my meal i choose one of the fresh waters(Aqua De Sandia).- I like this store maily for their fesh produce and meats which includes price. The employees are very helpful which comes in handy when your spanish is not very good or you don't speak any at all. I travel out of my way just to go here and there is an Albertsons a few blocks from my house( not a fan of Albertson's). They offer many samples in different areas of the store kinda of like Sams Club. Give this place a try if you already haven't.
3	this place is hit or miss... one week they have awesome deals on produce,the next (like this week) is as expencive as smiths or vons... there fresh made tortillas are awesome and there produce selection is great.All the things like cerial and canned goods are pretty overpriced but the veggies and fruit are worth the trip.
4	Two words: salsa fresca. If this was the only thing Cardenas carried, I'd still patronize this market because it's that good. I'm not going to lie, I was apprehensive about visiting because my previous experiences at similar markets were not all that pleasant. What keeps me coming back to Cardenas is the expansive selection of produce and freshly made staples such as tortillas and salsas. Produce-wise, they carry pretty much every pepper imaginable and for less than half the price that's charged at the regular market. I'm not sure why poblano peppers are nearly $4/pound at Whole Foods AND occasionally Smith's/Albertsons etc, but last time I was at Cardenas they were 99 cents per pound. Yes. I purchased nearly 4 pounds worth out of pure excitement.What I really love are the tortillas-flour and corn-that are made on site and that you can actually watch from start to finish. If you've never had made from scratch tortillas then you haven't had real tortillas. Everything about them is different and once you have the hand made version you won't buy the processed kind ever again.They also have an excellent selection of on-site made guacamole, salsa fresca, salsa verde, etc. that again will convert you from the nasty jar stuff that is served at sad dinner parties. one of my two hang-ups, and call me a snob, is that there are no organic versions of these salsas. It's pretty common knowledge that tomatoes are one of the most pesticide-ridden fruits so I'd love the option to get the salsa with at least organic tomatoes, but since I don't have to do all the chopping and dicing myself, I can deal.My other hang up is the flies in the produce section. It was kind of unnerving and although they weren't around the things that I was interested in, still kind of grossed out by their presence.Overall, Cardenas is great and always a pleasant visit!
5	This grocery store beats out every other one. Ive gone to Smiths and got fish til they ran out and BAM Cardenas was right up the street. The Trout was the same price but THATS where the similarities ended. The trout here was fresher didnt have the fishy smell. It tasted fresher and was thicker than the Smiths one. Plus the Bakery and Mexican restaurant in here looks good as hell. Besides you can also Get Car Insurance renew plates buy Jewelry establish cell phone service with Cricket. One stop shopping. They sell meats and chicken that are already marinated and the deals are better here as well.
5	Love their prices and produce is always fresh.
5	Cheap, Authentic, Delicious. Thats all you need to know! Great place to get your produce and to have some real mexican food! I love Cardenas!
4	I usually come here for guacamole(amazing), octopus(well-cleaned and cheap) or seafood(quality). Definitely check out the meat and seafood section here! Great lunch spot: they also offer delicious and cheap take-out or lunch items... I adore the fish tacos, pork and huge burritos(better than what you'll find at most of the area's food trucks). I've tried many other things here--never disappoints. But, beware, basic items here are overpriced... so I'd advise getting in and out AQAP.
5	To know me is to understand that I love to get the most I can for my money. I mean I work hard for it, why spend it casually with no qualms? I just can't fathom paying high prices for something, anything if I know I can score a much better deal on it somewhere else. With that being said, I love Cardenas for a few different reasons.Produce and fruit are often some of the cheapest prices you can find in the valley and good, fresh quality. When I can get a cart full of vegetables and fruit for under $10 and know that I don't have to hurry and use them because they were super fresh when purchased makes me a very happy person. However, let me tell you what is hazardous to your health. If you are there when they bring out fresh bread be prepared because you will take some home with you. It is just this heavenly smell of fresh rolls that entices and pulls you in. And when their rolls are priced at 3 for $1, it is a very hard to pass that up. But I guess the same could be said when you walk pass their tortilla factory. I often get yelled at because those tortillas are so fresh, you can see the steam in the bag and they are warm to the touch that I have been known to buy them even if I have tortillas at home. The best part is that they have all kinds and sizes. I haven't purchased much meat from here but I don't really purchase much meat from any store. (I love working at a meat company ;) )But I have scored some of the most meatiest pork neck bones I have ever seen at any store I have seen in my entire life. We have on one occasion purchased their preseasoned meat from the butcher counter but due to my job I often too scared to do this and let me tell you, I was quite impressed with the freshness of the meat and the flavor. What I do love is their cheese and salsa bar. Fresh, Fresh, Fresh and super Fresh salsas and cheeses. They have this queso fresco that I cannot get enough of in their deli. And I love that I can purchase small enough of amounts of the different varieties of sour cream so that I only have what I need.Now, let's talk about the cafeteria area. Best chicharron in the city. It is always fresh and crispy and mouth pleasing. The aromas that come from all their other goodies such as carne asada, fried pork belly, and much more always leave me wanting to just dive mouth first in the those trays. Their guacamole is loved by my man. If he is on a guacamole quick, we can easily make a few trips to the store in a week just for this and their fresh chips. I don't shop much for other necessities or basic necessities here because I can find them elsewhere cheaper but for what I do come here for, I love. I love this store so much, I don't even mind the loud blare of the music that I am not accustomed to. After the first few minutes I can tune it out pretty easily.The cashiers speak english too, so don't let them fool you. Or don't be scared because it is prominently hispanic population. They are pretty friendly to all their customers.
4	I went to this grocery store today (Sunday) because I was told that on Sundays they have specials on all there fruits and veggies. I went and everything was well priced. They also have a bakery and you can actually see people baking and making the cakes and other pastries. In addition to the bakery they also makes their tortillas fresh in the store. They also have a mini restaurant inside ! This place is definitely a one stop shop and it is inexpensive.
4	My friends and I decided to have a Mexican night. My Mexican friends suggested that we go to Cardenas. Might as well go big and authentic or go home, right?I lived in Vegas all my life but wasn't familiar with the area. Not going to lie, I was shakin' in my boots. I walked in and no joke, Cardenas took my breath away. First thing I noticed was that this place was so much cleaner than your typical Albertson's or Vons. Cardenas was definitely happening, so many people shopping around! Bakery: HOLY FREAKIN' COW. If I died and went to Bakery heaven this is where I'd end up. They had a variety of cookies and cakes. They sell large pans of tres leches (regular and mocha) as well as flan (regular and chocolate). These pans are humongous, even for the six of us. They sell these goodies by the slice as well. Fortunately for us, these slices are huge. From the sea of cookies, the one that stood out to me the most was their chocolate chip. It looks like a full chocolate chip bag exploded onto one cookie. It was intense. It was good. Produce: WOWZA. Not only are all of the produce neatly and impeccably stacked, they're so fresh! The one thing we were on the hunt for were avocados. The large Haas avocados were $1.25 a piece, a little pricey. On top of that, these avocados weren't ripe yet. This was a problem because fresh guacamole was on our menu that night. But we turned the corner and found a huge tub of small ripe Haas avocados - 4 for $1! We bought 10 in all and had the best guacamole that night. I also like how they have a large variety of chiles, both fresh and dried. Mangoes were all nice and ripe, large in size. I thought most items in this section was relatively cheap in comparison to our neighborhood grocery stores. Meat: WHOA DUDE. Lots of meat. They have a variety of cuts. They even sell some meat pre-marinated! We bought the pre-marinated chicken and was not disappointed. We also bought a good amount of beef for our carne asada. Happy here, too. One thing that kind of turned me off was that some of their meat was browning. It wasn't looking too fresh or was red in color. But we avoided those and went for the freshest of the fresh. Dairy: GIMME SOME MORE. So, they have this station set up straight across the meat section. It's like a sour cream bar! Different types of sour cream were available. I mean, I didn't know you can have more than one type of sour cream! You taste the sour cream before you buy, too. I could have spent my entire day here, licking away at my spoonfuls of sour cream.We spent a total of 2 hours at Cardenas. I'm pretty certain i didn't get to experience everything they offer. But that's okay because I'll have to make another trip there!
5	New to the neighborhood and already in love with the cleanliness and products and services offered.  I hope the love affair never ends.
5	I love the store. I also enjoy the cleanliness of everything. There is a really great artistic look to it surrounding the whole store with the Mexican villas. It has a great selection and there are some good sales if you look for them. The prices are not always low and the lines can be long. I enjoy the food court area and the fact that there is wifi throughout the store and a Wells Fargo too!
5	Ever since Cardenas opened I have loved it. They always have some type of sales going on. Best of all is their Mocha Trees Leches Cake! Delicious!!! The Pan Dulce is pretty good as well. If you are wondering about staff, they are nice as well, like anywhere some are not happy but overall its alright!
5	I love there fresh fruits and vegetables here always friendly people there and meats are always fresh .
4	I love the market offerings, selection, and hot kitchen and fresh bakery. It is clean and orderly. I did notice that when store offers coupons in its flyers there is much confusion about proper size products available for the offer or reward to be offered. I tried using the offer once and it was exhausting. I have observed this chaos at every other register during such promotions, so I decided it isn't worth the hassle. I still love 'em, though.
5	Atmosphere: Mexico where? Literally the feel of the store is mini Mexico. Full of the Mexican culture. I love it. Customer Service: If you ask for help, the staff is friendly but NOT top quality (the type of service where throughout your visit you will get asked like 5 times... "May I help you find anything?")Products: the variety is definitely extensive, if you have seen it in Mexico... Yup they carry it. They also carry American products. They have a Bakery, Restaurant, Tortilla Production and a Mexican Fruit Stand style store... You can find fresh cut fruit, fresh made flavored waters like "Horchata, Jamaica (Hibiscus Tea) and Aguas de Melon, Sandia... Ect... Price: Everything is fairly priced, not cheap but not super high priced. From time to time they do carry great deals.Overall: I love going to Cardenas... If only it wasn't for the stares I get at times... I guess its part of the culture though... I mean Im tall... Overdress for everything... I love their restaurant food... Birria is bomb!!!
5	Why come here? The best and freshest produce, great selection of meats and rare cuts of meat, daily baked pan dulce, hot food like your abuelita used to make... What more do you want!! The feel of the store is similar to what a "Tianguis" or out door food market would be in Mexico. The artwork on the wall is meant to bring that feeling of home and familiarity. The vibrancy of the produce, the smell of the baked goods and the wonderful aroma of the hot foods section quickly transport me to walking the streets of Michoacan on a Friday night hunting for that special bite of food that only your nose and palate can lead you to. I really love to shop here, especially since I make tamales on a regular basis and this market carries fresh ground masa on a regular basis. Sure, other latino supermarkets carry masa as well but none of them compare to the quality and consistency that Cardenas serves up!If at first this market seems a bit intimidating because it may be out of your comfort level, trust me when I say thay you will not be disappointed! You will find a very friendly staff that is willing to help you and guide you around.
