3	Stopped by to meet some friends there.  Very friendly bar - both service and patrons.  Seperate dining room and bar.  The bar is a basic neighborhood bar - which I can appreciate.  I ate a hamburger there and I was pleasently suprised because it seemed to be a fresh hand made patty.  Most places throw a pre measured - prefrozen patty on the grill.  The burger was good - not fancy just a "tasty burger."I didn't go into the restaurant part - it seemed comfortable.It is a good place to go to kick back and drinks some beers and maybe haveThey do have quite a bit of smoking in the bar part...So if you are uptight about some cig smoke - there may be a bit of problem.
4	This place has Kokanee Beer on Tap!!!!  If you are from the northwest this is good news!
1	Stopped for a quick dinner on a weeknight.  The dining room is separated from the bar...in a completely walled off room, but you wouldn't have known it from the smell.  Absolutely disgusting smell of stale smoke everywhere.  We turned and left and won't be back.  Too bad...a few years back this was an o.k. place, but a liberal smoking policy has turned it into a toilet.
4	This place is cool save for the homo bartender, Levi... The guy is a prick.
5	This is the Cheers of my hood.  Go a few times a month to grab a cocktail or two.  Love all the bartenders and the people that go there on a regular.  It is a bar so duh it smells like smoke.  They just re-opened the kitchen and when I heard they had $10 pizzas I thought I would give it a try.  Delicious!!  Sauce, crust and cheese were very tasty and you can't beat that price for that quality.
5	Having recently moved to this neighborhood, I yelped for a close bar to grab a beer. The other Jill C's review lured me in with the description of this being a local Cheers bar. It is most definitely that! I think I was the only one new to the place. Not long after sitting down I was greeted by the overtly friendly bartender Kelly. After playing for a little over an hour (and winning) I left for home. The bar has a unique dynamic, it spans all ages and ethnicities; just a bunch of nice people grabbing a drink.
5	I cant believe I've lived this close for years and havent tried this place.  The food is AMAZING!!!!!!  My #1 bar.  Definitely recommend the pizza!!!!
3	Came her because the reviews seemed to pick up since maple tree left the restaurant side of the business. The bar was smokey and definitely had a "local or out" feel to it, well considering myself a local, just not to this crowd, I decided to sit down and and enjoy a blue moon, after my first sip I knew something was wrong with my drink, it had a sour vanilla "ish" taste to it, don't know if the key was bad, the glass, was bad, the orange was bad, or if our server had vanilla lotion on and it got on the orange. The bar was quaint and small, and all the seats were packed. The locals were yucking it up and so it seemed everyone knew someone here, which is a plus once your are known. I would be willing to give this place another try and maybe try their food items.
1	This was a horrible experience!!!  If you like food that tastes like chloride with a side of plastic accompanied by one thimble of ranch for the sampler, then this is the place for you. Don't bother saying a word about It because it means nothing!  The night supervisor did not have a minute to even stop by and speak to us after the server told him of our plastic food. "Would you care for something else?" Is what we got. Needless to say, our first time was our last . I would like to give honorable mention to our great bartender Candace, she was very friendly!!!
3	Ok.. We came here thinking it was a NINERS bar and it was more of a Every team in the NFL BAR LOL!! Seemed as though Everyone knew everybody but us.. I can't say anything bad about this bar but can't say anything good either. The server ( a NINERS fan) was really nice though!
