5	Best... wedding.... cake.... ever!!!!On a recommendation from a friend, we had Robert's make our three-tier, two flavor wedding cake in 2005, and went back again for a small replica for our first anniversary.  It was sooo good, and a ton of people gave us compliments for it being wedding cake that they actually enjoyed.  The Robert's staff worked with us on the design, had us in for multiple tastings, and created the perfect cake for us!   The neighborhood is a little sketchy (Arizona Ave in Chandler) but the cheap location is probably part of what makes these cakes so affordable.  Highly recommended for weddings/other events!
5	I totally agree with Melissa H about the cake (having been in attendance at her wedding).  The cake was delicious !
5	Robert's Catering has been a long time partner of our local PBS station, KAET. Both he and his staff are incredibly nice and go out of their way to make your event special and worry free. Robert has a great list of main dishes, sides, and deserts for you to pick from but will also work with you on any special requests. And he is wonderful at making suggestions. At a recent Hawaiian themed event, the ever popular coconut shrimp was requested, but Robert made the suggestion that we try something a little different - a mahi mahi with an incredible light coconut and panko coating - to allow anyone with shell fish allergies to be able to enjoy the item. Everyone knows you can't serve fried foods on a buffet to just under 200 people right?! Wrong!!  This stuff was out of this world good. Crunchy on the outside and done to perfection on the inside! And as others have mentioned, his cakes are out of this world good, so just pick one. Over the years I've had just about every single item that Robert has on his standards menu and it is literally some of the best catered food I've ever had! Robert's has been in business for over 25 years and has the routine down to a fine art. Next time you are in need of a little help, give them a call and I'm sure you will be very happy indeed!  : )
1	For my daughter's 1st birthday, we decided to get our cakes at Robert's based on the high rating it has here on Yelp.  Today, I picked up the cake, quickly observing the baby's "smasher" cake, and not the main cake.  I was not blown away by how it looked, but if it tastes good, then I could easily forget it.I brought the cakes in and wife opened them to check them out.  Immediately, she said, "What the heck, is this nuts?!"  The outside of the normal sized cake for my family and my 8 year olds to enjoy had some sort of crushed nuts rolled all around it.  My wife was furious, but decided to give Robert's a chance, and called just to make sure that we had been given the correct cake.  The conversation proceeded as such:Wife: Hi, my name is Kim, my husband just picked up our cakes, and I was calling to make sure that we got the correct cake.Before she could even explain what the issue is, whoever answered responded:Robert's: They are just pecans, no one is allergic to pecans, there is no problem.Again, my wife didn't even state that she was calling because of the outside of the cake, which is suspect.Wife: When I ordered the cake, he didn't say there would be nuts on it, and I asked for plain, simple vanilla.Robert's: I understand that, but they are just nuts, don't worry about it.If my wife had made a stink over the nuts, I can understand the gentleman's attitude, but to preemptively dismiss an error in the making without admitting some sort of fault is just poor business.  Maybe I could forgive the issue if the cake turned out to taste awesome, but my 8 year-olds, whom the cake was intended for, do not like nuts.Robert's will not get any further business from us, and we will be sure to let others know that they are not pleasant to work with.  For $40+ for a cake, the disgusting attitude that was given over their error is definitely not acceptable.
5	I love Robert's Catering!  Robert is catering an event for The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society in September and has gone out of his way to make sure the menu is just right for our budget.  He even threw in his FAMOUS cakes!  Robert really looks out for his community and there is a reason he is known around town for his incredible food!  Thanks, Robert!
5	I used Robert's to cater a post-wedding cocktail party.  All I can say is, Wow!  We served a variety of hors d'oeuvres and prime rib sandwiches.  They cooked the beef on demand which added a nice touch to the event.  We also ordered a cake that was both beautiful and delicious!  I gave them a picture of a cake, from the internet, to work from. The cake that was prepared was exponentially better looking.  I wanted to kiss the baker, it was totally gorgeous.  We received so many compliments on the food and the staff.  We did have a small issue with the filling in the cake not being what we expected, but when I discussed it with the office staff, they were apologetic and made it up to us after the fact.  They also helped us with additional rentals that we needed at the last minute.  I couldn't be happier with the service I received.
5	We are having Roberts cater our company Christmas Party so I have decided to do a review on the service I have received currently and will do an updated review after the party. So far, my boss, the company VP, as well as myself absolutely love Roberts!!! Robert himself has been helping us and I would like to say that this man is one of the friendliest, funniest people I have ever met. And man, can he cook!!!! We went for a tasting and he made almost the entire menu of what we will be having at our party. All of the food was amazing! The prime rib was so flavorful and the creamy horseradish that accompanied it was absolutely wonderful. The VP of the company said he is not normally a horseradish fan but he loved this stuff. Also served was the oriental glazed salmon and the ham with chutney glaze. Both were beyond amazing. For sides, Robert had talked us into the smashed potatoes with garlic and herbs rather than your usual mashed potatoes and boy am I glad he did! These were some of the greatest potatoes I have ever had and my boss and the VP said they were great. Also good were the green beans with Julienne carrots. Just when I thought I couldn't eat another bite, Robert came out with slices of cake to sample. Let me just say that cakes are definitely his strong point although his food is almost as equally delicious. We tried several types of cake: spice cake with apple filling and light butter cream frosting, Roberts Grandma's carrot cake, a Bavarian cream cake, a champagne raspberry cake (I believe), a banana's fosters cake (my fav) and a chocolate mousse cake. All were unbelievable! We all had our favs but the VP loved the spice cake and said it was the best he has ever had. Although we already had a different place chosen for dessert, Robert convinced us to have a few of his cakes as well at the party and stated that he isn't going to charge us, just wants people to try his cakes and have some great word of mouth. Whats really incredible about Roberts was the price! I looked at several caterers and most were trying to charge us double and did not include table, chair and linen rental, something we needed. These other caterers argued that their food was better quality but after tasting Roberts food, I know we got the best of both worlds. Also, Robert was extremely helpful in showing us how to utilize the space at our office for the party and was great at communicating with me. I also have to say that his Julia Child impression is hilarious! One last thing: My company sells blinds and other home decor goods and Robert decided to purchase from us. We sent out a couple of reps to take measurements and place orders for blinds for him. Robert treated them both to lunch! Obviously, our reps both stated that the food was amazing but I was just shocked that Robert would offer to feed them and he stated he will do so again when they come to install the blinds. I think that is a great gesture and just shows what a great guy Robert is. NICEST GUY EVER!
5	So our Christmas party took place on Friday, December 3rd, and here is my update. Robert's completely exceeded my expectations. He, and his staff, went above and beyond to ensure that our holiday party was a huge sucess. Everyone I spoke to throughout the night complimented the food with several people confessing to being addicted to the chipotle mac and cheese. I will confess that I am addicted as well to Roberts mac and cheese. At one point, I went up for seconds, got a mound of mac and cheese, and although being full, I just kept eating it. At one point, I told my husband that I think I have a serious problem but eating that mac makes me so happy. Anyways, ok, getting past the mac and cheese, the rest of the food tasted terrific as well but aside from the mac and cheese, the oriental glazed salmon was my favorite. My husband even admitted to liking it and he doesn't care for salmon. He says that he is considering having salmon more if it taste like that did. The prime rib and ham were cooked to perfection, the smashed potatoes with herbs were a big hit, and the green beens and jullienned carrots had great flavor for being vegetables. Oh and how could I forget the french onion tartlets and ruben tartlets that we had for appetizers. The hubby loved these and said he could have eaten an entire plate of them. I kept seeing him sneak off during the party and I am almost positive that he was eating more tartlets! Lastly for the food, the cake was unbelievable as it was previously during our tasting and many employees thought it was the best cake they had ever had. As for the service, all of Robert's staff was professional, clean cut, and friendly. They were very helpful in setting tables up, placing decor, and keeping everything cleared and clean. In the end, everything was terrific: The staff was great, the decor was beautiful, the price was reasonable and the food unbelievable. Would I choose Roberts again? Definately, without a doubt, for both work functions and personal functions. In fact, this will be the first place I think of!
5	So easy to work with! Robert and his staff were professional and made our wedding that much more memorable. The food was amazing and the cake was the best I've ever tasted!
5	I have had many occasion cakes from Robert's and they have all been beautiful and delicious. People still talk about my wedding cake. The service is wonderful.
5	Roberts catered our sons wedding on the 24th of September 2011 and they were a hit! It was an Italian wedding on the grooms side and we the kids choose an Italian menu it was awesome! The staff worked closely with my daughter in law and the service was flawless . The cake was the best too! Affordable stayed within budget! Thanks Robert for everything!
5	Robert catered our backyard birthday bash for our 80 years young dad on March 3rd, 2012, and we couldn't have been more pleased.  Even though our party was a smaller gathering (40 people), we were treated to the finest service.  From Robert himself visiting our backyard to survey the layout, to the fine catering staff that came to do the work, we were able to enjoy our own party without having to micromanage and oversee the details.  The staff came early and were waiting for our guests to arrive.  They even handled some details that we had not assigned.  They noticed the things that needed to be done, asked permission, and made them happen.  (For example, some flower arrangements that were lined up out of the sun for the day that needed to be dispersed amongst the tables.)  Friendly yet formal, the staff was top-notch!The food was everything that we hoped it would be--mouthwatering, hot and plentiful.  We ordered the Italian buffet with several options for entrees, even our vegetarian friends were stuffed!  From the guests' anticipated arrival, to the dessert and coffee finish, all went without a flaw.  Another wonderful bonus for my family was that the savory leftovers had been meticulously packaged by the staff and provided us with an after party luncheon the following day, not to mention, a few meals for hungry teenage boys throughout the week.We highly recommend Robert and his exemplary staff!
5	This review is a year late....but thinking about Roberts as my Son and Daughter in law just celebrated their year anniversary!This time last year I was a mess, overwhelmed with all the wedding preparations an the cost of everything!We had decided to do a "upscale BBQ" theme in our backyard for the rehearsal dinner, as there would be over 50 guests, and our son wanted people to be able to get to know one another and be relaxed.  I love to cook, and decided to save money and do it myself!  BIG mistake!  I was crazed and a week before the event decided to call a caterer and see if I could get some help!  When I contacted Roberts they were calm and reassuring, telling me that not only could they take on this event with this very short notice, but that they could do it on a budget!  I told them it was "upscale", and they suggested things that I did not think of as upscale (remember I had a budget!) like the mac and cheese..... broccoli salad- but I was told to trust them, and so I did.  I am so glad I did, because the food was incredible!  Our house guests were up at Midnight, getting into the left overs!Roberts insisted that I needed 5 servers to help with this event, which I also thought was overkill, but went with it, as they insisted on it.....again so glad I listened to them!  As it was they were all worked to the bone!We supplied our own linens, dishes, glasses tables....and I thought I had the silverware...but at the last moment I called when I couldn't find mine and they said no problem we'll bring the silver...no extra charge!  When they arrived I was still at the wedding rehearsal and left my fathers wife and sister-in-law to greet the Caterers. They said that Robert arrived with the troops, and when he saw how elegant and upscale the event was set, he returned to his shop to get nicer warmers and other pieces for the buffet! His staff was efficient and very professional.  They cleaned my kitchen, packaged the left overs and washed many, many, many dishes and wine glasses (remember I supplied my own, and as they were not rentals could not be just scraped and stacked!)  Finally, all I can say is that they are my hero's, and truly saved the day! The event was as memorable and relaxed as if I had had months to plan it. I would use them again in a heartbeat!
5	Our wedding cake was amazing! It was beautiful and delicious. Everyone raved about how wonderful the cake was. We had carrot cake and cookies and cream. Both were incredibly delicious. The cake was delivered on time and exceeded my expectations!
5	We had Robert's do the entire catering package for our outdoor wedding.  Food, tables, chairs, linens, cake, bartender...I couldn't have dreamed of a better experience.  The food was FANTASTIC.  (Chicken in hunter sauce and the pork loin.)  The cake was the best I've ever had.  Of 46 adults at the wedding, about 10 of them have come up to me and said it was the best wedding food and cake they've ever had.  Taste and presentation was outstanding.  Robert was personally in charge from the time we sat down with him to make selections to the end of the event, and was always accessible for questions in between.  He is a perfectionist, and has one heck of a knack for detail.I couldn't recommend Robert's any more highly.
5	We have missed Cathy's rum cake since she closed and I was thrilled to find that Robert made Rum cake.  It is my hubby's favorite for good reason.  I ordered one.  I was not disappointed.  Strawberry rum cake.  Beautiful cake.  Really delicious.  Every one loved it.  Highly recommend.
1	I was hosting a baby shower and ordered food from Roberts. Every time I called I felt rushed off the phone like they could care less if they had my business. Customer service is poor.So I am setting up for the party and notice MOLD yes MOLD on the fruit and cheese platter. Then I notice that I only have half my order of grape leaves. I called them and Wendy walks into the party with a replacement platter. By that time my guests knew there was an issue with the food. How Embarrassing! I agree with a past post that they are a bit rude at times too. They may be known for their cakes but I would steer clear from the catering.NEVER AGAIN
5	I had the best experience w/ Robert and Wendy!!!!!  They're sooooo awesome to work with!  They're funny, very personal, easy to work with, and most importantly, their food and cake was more than awesome!!!  Robert made our wedding day perfect!  We got sooo many compliments on the food (New York Loin & Chicken Picatta)...which we wanted!  He went beyond our expectations with the food and service.  We feel like we owe him more than what he gave us!!  At the last min. I've asked him if he could serve the bridal party our food first since I was concerned about time...he was right on it!  He saved us cake, saved us some macaroons (glad he did because they were all gone by the end of the night), he helped set up our candy bar, lighted the candles, set up the drinks/bar, etc....everything that goes into the reception, he did it!I told myself that I would not go through this wedding planning again, but if I had any other big events like it, he would be my first pick.   Thank you so much again Robert, Wendy and your staff!!!  We love you guys!!!!!!!
5	Robert did the catering wedding on 10/11/13, and the food was amazing. He was great to work with during the planning process, and worked with us a lot on what we wanted for our food. I told him that we weren't planning on doing a traditional cake because I was going to go with pies instead, and he offered to do the pies for us. And then on top of that, when I did end up getting a small cake besides (because the Strawberry Rum filling was delicious in the tasting) he said it was no trouble at all. Well, on the day of the wedding, we had a buffet of pies (apple, cherry, pecan, and berry!) and a lovely two-tier cake that I didn't even ask to be decorated, but had lovely buttercream icing. They really went above and beyond with their service and the food was delicious. The pies evaporated. I managed to get a piece of the apple and it was amazing. Robert made sure that my husband and I had everything at our reception that we wanted, and he checked up with us to make sure that everything was going to our liking. Everyone complemented us afterward, and there was leftovers that we were able to take home and feed a family party with the next day. I'd recommend them to anyone in the Phoenix area.
5	Roberts catering did our wedding cake it came out awesome! They look great and the taste great and they have great options as well! Higher recommend them. They also let you buy your 1 year cake for a lower price :)
5	Absolutely incredible. Robert went above and beyond for our wedding on 3/22/2014. We had a backyard wedding at my parents home in Mesa, AZ. Robert transformed the yard and entire house into a beautiful, dream wedding. He came to the house three times to help us design the table layouts for the backyard reception, indoor cocktails, and even decor for the front yard and patio. He helped my wedding vision come to life! I just wanted to say thank you from the bottom of my heart. You made our wedding absolutely amazing. Thank you for all the extra time and effort. The food!! Everyone died over the food. He created a custom menu for us! And the cakes!! Still enjoying every last bite of leftovers. Absolutely the best I've ever eaten. You are truly an artist and I am so thankful for you. Your crew and service was impeccable. Thank you thank you!!
5	Robert's did our wedding cake for 4/14/13, and it was amazing!!!  (I am writing this review a bit late - don't judge...or judge more...we haven't done our thank you cards yet, either!!)We had three "tiers", but they were on separate stands at various heights.  It was perfect!!! They patiently allowed us two separate visits, much of the wedding party did not live in town, and did tastings both times.  It was sooooo hard to choose a flavor!  We ended up going with the Champagne raspberry for the main cakes, and the poppyseed blueberry for the bride and groom part.  Holy cow was it yummy!   It says a lot at a wedding, after a full dinner is served, for people to have seconds and thirds of the cake! It was moist, flavorful, and perfect! Now were looking forward to our anniversary cake coming up in two weeks! Yay! The forks are ready!!
3	The service at start was great, the lady went over great details about taste and the many flavors they made. The issue was when my wife and I arrived to the reception we notice the cake was white on white (Was suppose to be White cake with silver piping). I personally enjoyed the taste (It was a really good tasting cake) but my wife was not to happy with the piping. The price we paid was actually more reasonable then others.
5	Main Points: -Delicious and unique cake flavors-Friendly and helpful staff, set up an appointment for best experienceReview:Cake is my favorite food group, and as someone who has indulged in many a slice, I can confidently say that Robert's has some of the best cake around.  They have a huge variety of different gourmet flavors, but my go-to flavor has always been the vanilla almond cake with the strawberry rum Bavarian creme (as in yummy Vanilla rum Bavarian creme with big sweet chunks of strawberries in the cake layers).  It's sure to please everyone, since there's no chocolate, nuts, or anything else that people might be picky about.  Wendy and the rest of the staff are very friendly, and they will advise you on designs and flavors.  It is a small place and stays busy, so make an appointment to ensure you get to taste their flavors of the week and customize your cake with the staff.  I have not had the chance to try their non-cake catering menu, but I've enjoyed their cakes both at my own and others' events.  You can expect your cake to be delicious, just the way you ordered it, and well worth the money.
5	Order three different flavored cakes and wow they were so good!!
5	Went in to order my daughter a my little pony Birthday cake. Robert and his staff went above and beyond to have her cake ready in short notice. We are so grateful and the cake looks amazing!! We can't wait to taste it and we will post pictures after the party of her amazing cake! Thank you Roberts Catering!
5	I cannot say enough positive things about my experience with Robert's Catering. They were accommodating but still helpful, professional but warm and personal, and of course they did a fantastic--I mean, really, really fantastic--job on the day of.First: I did all my wedding planning on my own, and I wanted a custom menu. Basically, I started with a craving for shrimp and grits, and I built my menu around that. Robert spent half an hour on the phone with me, then exchanged dozens of emails with me, just hammering out the menu. He was experienced enough with Southern cooking that he could accommodate a lot of my suggestions, but also not afraid to make his own recommendations based on experience. I loved it.Second: Incredible value. I started off with a dollar amount per person that I wanted to spend on food, and I got more than my money's worth, I am certain. We had Charleston style shrimp and grits, and chicken and sausage gumbo over rice as the two main dishes, plus appetizers (like a fantastic crawfish dip on baguette and deviled eggs that pretty much disappeared) and sides (people raved about the collards with pork jowl, the sweet potato fries, and the extra rich mac and cheese). AND ON THE DAY OF, Robert showed up with fried catfish, on the house. People LOVED it.Third: The dinner service was lovely. I had beautiful HUGE dishes, classy silverware, lovely red napkins with matching service table linens at my request. Friendly staff, tried to serve my husband and I food (we said we'd do it on our own, no problem!), brought us drinks, so wonderful.Fourth: Our cake was GONE. As in, I gave away the slice a staff member brought me because I was so excited for a friend to try it (vanilla almond cake with strawberry rum filling), and then never got another slice. Perfection. Fifth: The bartender did an awesome job. We brought out beer and wine to our venue and forgot about it. He completely took care of the set-up, and even saved all the corks for me as I requested.All in all, I have no doubts and no complaints because I had absolutely nothing to worry about with Robert's. My parents, moreover, were thrilled with the food and the service we received from Robert and Wendy and the rest of the staff. This was the right choice for my wedding :)
4	Robert's Catering made our wedding cake for us.  It was a 3-tier cake, 2 tiers being almond cake with peanut butter frosting and chocolate shavings and 1 tier was spice cake with caramel apple.  It was delicious!  We scheduled a tasting at Robert's business in Chandler and we were very pleased with the selection of tastings we were offered.  Our wedding was on November 28, 2014.  Highly recommended.
