4	On a Thursday night in August, my husband and I happened upon this three-week-old restaurant south-west of Vieux-Montreal.  The small restaurant seats 20 or so comfortably with additional seating at the bar. The place was a buzz with activity. We did not have reservations and the hostess hesitated before giving us a table. Rustic wood floors and brick walls made Jane feel warm and welcoming. The menu, as in many restaurants in Montreal, was written in chalk on a large black board. The food was fresh and seasonal. The main courses were mainly pizzas with one Fish option. We shared a warm Asparagus salad with duck shavings and mushrooms. All was drizzled with a pleasantly tart vinagrette.I had the Schwartz pizza of smoked meat and cheeses. (See the Famous Schwartz Deli site). There was cheese in the perfectly baked crust. It was nice and thin under the toppings, but full enough around the edges that I could really enjoy the bread! My husband had the cod special - seared cod served on a bed of mushrooms and asparagus in a seafood stock. The staff were friendly and the service was very good - I could tell these people knew what they were doing.A great little place!
4	What do a Red Russian and a White Grape have in common? Both are on the crazy cocktail list at Jane. These drinks are potent and go down fast - This place can be dangerous.Don't be daunted by the pizzas. Some sound a little unusual - like the buffalooza, tzaziki-topped or taco pie - but they work, and you'll be back for more.If you wear glasses, bring them, because the blackboard menu is written pretty small at the back of the room.
4	Jane was really good. Cocktails were good and original, not very boozy though ($10 each). Endive, apple, blue cheese and pistachio salad was nicely sized and fresh ($12). "Schwartz" pizza (smoked meat, mustard, cheddar, pickles) sounded awful, but was really, really amazing ($20). This was the standout. Pasta dish was decent and fresh ($19). Two of us shared the above and had almost half a pizza and about half a pasta dish to take home. You can order two starters and share a pizza, easily. Service was friendly. We will be back.
2	Way too expensive. Too bad because the place has potential but like all the new stuff in the hood, it went OTT.
1	Overpriced and terrible service. Had to wait ages for food despite the fact that the restaurant was  almost completely empty when we were seated and only half full when they then claimed a rush of orders in the kitchen. 1 1/2 hours later a mediocre and overpriced pizza arrived. Did I mention it's way overpriced and the service is shit?
5	Great restaurant! The entrees were fantastic, the wine list is diverse and the service is great. A+
