3	I was very excited to try this place out. I had heard about them on Instagram and they had been posting teaser pictures of the inside and all of their polishes. I was a walk-in on their opening day but I was helped right away. They offered me a water and were very friendly and welcoming. They even had two large TVs across from the bar that clients could watch while getting their nails done. They had "Mean Girls" playing, which was awesome. I wish I could give this place five stars because I love the idea of it and I think it has great potential. The owner (at least I think she was the owner) seemed really eager to please her customers and the inside was very chic.With all of that said, I expected my nails to come out much better than they actually did. I got a fill and polish change with a design and it barely looks like I even got a fill. I don't think the women who did my nails used enough acrylic. The polish does not even cover the whole surface of my nails (the edges near my cuticles have no polish at all) and the rhinestones that they used were kind of dull. I asked for a straight line of rhinestones down the middle of two of my nails and the line was crooked. On top of that, one of the rhinestones has already come off. After 1 day!I'm going to give them another chance because, like I said, I love the idea of the place. But I think they should hold their Nail Techs to a higher standard. I don't remember the name of the woman that did my nails but she was not very talkative or friendly and had extremely long nails herself which seemed like it made it difficult for her to work on mine. Next time I go, I will make sure that somebody else does them.Fingers crossed that they will hire better staff!
5	I needed a new place to try out for my nails. I had a friend that mentioned to me about Vanity nail opening up. I followed their Instagram account and loved what I saw. I made an appointment and when I arrived Tashina was ready to assit. The place is super chic and beautiful. Everyone was friendly and I was immediately offered something to drink. Tashina listened to what I wanted and not only was patient with me as I chose my colors (they have an outstanding collection) she was super professional. I opted for a full set and gel colors (i showed her a picture from pinterest and she helped me match the colors). I am IN LOVE with my nails and the overall experience of Vanity nail. I will be making this my go-to nail salon! So happy to have found a place that I absolutely love!
5	I was at Vanity for the first time yesterday. I loved it. Great selection of polish. Nail techs that can bring all those Pintrest nail ideas to your tips and toes and most important VERY CLEAN. Pedi tubs are not whirlpools. Those tubs may feel good but they are not clean. Vanity is my new  nail salon.
3	I'm from SLC utah and I've only been in Mesa for about 2 weeks now. MY first week there I wanted to check things out me and my husband. We had just been driving around all day looking at stores. I seen vanity nail bar and wanted to try them out. They were the first I went to, to get my nails done. I never read reviews or anything just walked in. It's so cute and clean inside and the 2 ladies there were absolutely nice and professional especially with have my 2 year old daughter there bugging to paint her nails. They were the sweetest and I think that's why I would go back because the vibe from the salon. The lady that did my nails took about 2 hours and I paid 40 with a tip. I love the shape and style plus color and all but I agree with the girl that wrote they don't use enough acrylic. I haven't even had my nails on for a week and it looks like I had them on for a month. It frustrates me and makes me wanna rip them off now. For that reason Idk if I'll go back although it's a beautiful feel and look they're very nice but I just wasn't satisfied with my nails. They took a pic when I left and u can see the nail is like lifted making it look like a need a fill as well. I hope they put more training in. It's a beautiful place that needs to do beautiful nails as well.
