5	I have used Heavens Best EXCLUSIVELY for 2 years.  I own and operate Maid Brigade a professional House Cleaning Service, and this is the only Carpet cleaners I use and refer to my clients.  The owner is trustworhty and very hands on!!!Brandon Cross Maid Brigade
5	It's nice that their phone quotes are accurate and they don't bring the high pressure upsell tactics while they're in your house. They do what they say they're going to do and the results speak for themselves!
5	These guys are awesome!  They came out on short notice, were very friendly and thorough, had no problem with a large spill on my white carpet, and were gone in under 45 minutes.  They even gave me tips on keeping my carpet clean in between appointments!
5	Not only were Travis and Biff super friendly, but they did their best to accommodate my family. When I called to set up our appointment 11 o'clock was our only option, I asked them to please try and get here sooner since I have kids who get picked up at noon. Well, they were here at 10 and done by 11:30!!! The house smells fresh and clean and the carpet looks like new. I was very pleased, so much so that I already recommended them!!! P.S. They also went above and beyond and helped me load a HUGE TV set for donation into my car.... can't say enough good things! Call you won't be disappointed!!!
5	Darnell & Nick came by to clean and seal the grout downstairs and clean the carpet upstairs.  First, they were kind and professional. They gave me a fair quote and explained the process clearly.  Second, my carpets are scrubbed clean and my tile floor looks great I had no idea that cleaning the grout would make such a big difference, but it was worth every penny.  It took a little longer than I expected, but the results were worth it.  I highly recommend this company.
5	I made an appointment for 1015am..they came at 1015am...Not like those other guys that give you a 3-4 hour window.  Where I live, they do not allow hose cleaning, and since Heaven's Best only uses portable units to "buff" the carpet I didn't have any issues.  They also explained the cleaning process which helped me understand why the "other guys" that cleaned my carpets last time left them stain free for a week and then the stains reappeared.  Heaven's Best uses a buffer that deep cleans the top layers where the stains sit, where the hose cleaning would soak the carpet and not wash the stained areas properly.  The latter would cause possible mold and mildew smells, along with 24 hours of wet carpets.  I will definitely use these guys again, but with the great job they did, it probably won't be for quite some time.  I highly recommend!!
5	A few weeks ago I discovered a little doggie mistake under a large desk. Of course it had been hidden for weeks on beige carpet. We called Heavens Best Carpet Cleaning and were incredibly impressed with all their efforts to remove the stain. The truth is it didn't all come out, how could it, but the effort and true concern by this company was impressive. The remainder of the house looked the best it ever had. These guys are not miracle workers, but if your looking for a company that takes pride in their work and clearly care about satisfying clients. Call these guys they are the best at what they do!
5	Long story short, one of our dogs anxiety caused a huge mess in our office. With family coming in town for the weekend, we wanted the carpet looking good again. We called Heavens Best. We explained our situation and even though they were very busy for the week they managed to get someone out to our house. Travis came out and did an excellent job. You can't even tell where the dog urinated. Great service and wouldn't hesitate to use them again!
5	Very professional and nice guys . I love how they did their job.
5	When we bought our new home, we had Heaven's Best come out and give the carpets the once over. What a difference. After we've been in a while, I'll call them again and have them come out, and so should you.
5	I just used Heaven's Best Carpet Cleaning for my carpet and an area rug.  They were very professional and friendly.  My carpet and rug look beautiful.  They are coming back next week to clean my tile and grout!  I  highly recommend this company.
5	Darnell is probably the main reason why this business does well. He was extremely nice and knowledgeable with the service. Not only were they on time, they were early to the appointment.. When does that ever happen?? They came in, got the job done, and left. Just the way I wanted.
5	Amazing service!! James the manager was able to come to my house in a very short notice! Couldn't be any happier! Had a very tough ink stain and it's completely gone. Very happy customer. Would recommend this company to my friends.
5	Darnell did an amazing job!! I came home and found that all of the stains on my carpeting were gone, and the house smelled really clean. I would definitely use Heaven's Best Carpet Cleaning again. They were professional, efficient, and Darnell really seemed to enjoy his job. Thanks Darnell!!!
5	Happy Saturday! I cringed at the fact of spending my one day off waiting for our carpets to be cleaned! UNTIL I met Darnell & Harry! Best team ever! Both came in, introduced themselves & were so incredible. I could not have been more surprised at the magic they created in cleaning our carpets! I will never use any one other than Heavens Best! Great Job & Thank You!
2	I will agree with the others that Darnell is very nice and has a great demeanor.However, I am not able to recommend the service for carpet cleaning.  I hired Heaven's Best to clean carpet and tile for my home.  Tile JobThey did a good job with the tile.  Just make sure to feel the tile before they leave.  They did my bathrooms by hand and  there was a film left on them.  I let Darnell know and they wiped the floors down again to clear away the film.  The area in which they used the machine turned out good.  I keep my floors pretty clean and was hoping that they would get a few of the tough spots out.   They got most of it out however, note that some of the tough spots may get lightened and not removed.Carpet CleaningAs for the carpet cleaning I was rather disappointed.  The first time they came out we reviewed the area prior to cleaning and I was told that the spots on my carpet would be removed.  After they had completed the carpet there were still spots.  I was told that the carpet would look better once dry.  They had relayed that the carpet would be dry in about an hour.  Well, 2 days later...  I still had damp carpet.  I called Darnell to inform him that I was unhappy with the job due to the remaining spots and that my semi-dry carpet was now hard.  He offered to come back and clean the carpet again.  Upon their revisit I pointed out the spots that were still dark and Darnell said that he would clean the entire area again.  The spots were removed this time however, they did not redo the entire area.  They actually didn't touch 1 of the 2 bedrooms and the carpet is still hard in both the original and redone areas.  It is more than likely the solution they use.  I have a feeling that the first team used too much cleaning solution which left my carpet wet for 3 days and the 2nd visit did nothing to make the situation any better hence...  hard carpet.  If you're going to use Heaven's Best I would probably make sure that Darnell is the one doing the work and I would check everything before you let them leave.  I unfortunately am going to have to hire someone else to come and redo the carpets.  :(
5	After writing my initial review Bill the owner of Heaven's Best here in Vegas called me to discuss my service.  He offered to come back to my house to see the areas that they had cleaned and was committed to making things better or refund my money.Well, they came back today and I have to say that I am more than pleased.  We discussed the hard carpet, potential reasons why and how they felt they could best address the issue.  Result...  clean softer carpet.  It was also nice to receive a follow up call from Bill later this afternoon to ensure that the carpet was better than before.It's nice to see that Bill, Darnell & company care about making their customers happy.  I will be happy to recommend their services and look forward to calling upon them again!  You've definitely won me over as customer.Thank you for everything!!
5	We had several area rugs taken back to their shop for cleaning and they came out wonderful. Darnell,David and Dale were great. Very kind and considerate picking up and replacing the rugs. I would highly recommend them it was quick and affordable.
5	Darnell and Dale you guys rock!!! I am super happy with the work and you were both extremely professional. Thanks Heaven's best.
4	Bill Cleveland was great at solving my issues and following up to make sure I was satisfied with the service.
5	don and darnell just made my "white" carpet "whiter" than it has ever been! and its been about an hr and its dry! no wet socks syndrome! go with this company best in the vegas valley trust me i have had them all!
5	My new carpet cleaners! I am so impressed and happy w/ the job they did. No pungent, chemical odor! Yay!!!
5	I don't have much time to write reviews these days, but I definitely want to give credit to businesses that stand out from others.  Heavens Best did an amazing job cleaning my carpets, especially in areas where my dogs wanted to make it a challenge.  My carpets were dry in less than 1-1.5 hours (except for the stairs, that took longer, but not an issue at all).  The previous company I used had totally soaked my carpets and I had to wait a full day for it to dry.Pricing is upfront per room/area and you get what you pay for, which is awesome service and quality work.  I will definitely use Heavens Best Carpet Cleaning again.  Thank you so much!
5	I had Heaven's Best carpet cleaning came to my house this past week. They were amazing and professional. 3 gentlemen came to clean 2 rugs a couch and a lazy boy. Everything looks great and it smells wonderful! I recommend talking to Bill to get your house looking spectacular. They are punctual and are very affordable.
5	Heaven's Best was recommended to us by our realtor.  I called today and was able to get my carpet cleaned today.  Darnell was our guy.  He was nice, courteous, and informative.  I highly recommend Heaven's Best and Darnell.  We're leaving Las Vegas, but I have already looked the company up in our new location to be.  I will be using this company again for sure.
5	This is my second time using Heavens Best Carpet Cleaning. I have also referred them to my next door neighbor and my parents. They are quick, professional, priced well, and reliable. It's crazy how you get used to the gradual darkening color of your carpet and it isn't until after its cleaned that you realize how badly it needed it! Because my husband has allergies and my son is always playing on the ground, I have a standing yearly appointment to have it done. If you wait until the fluffy carpet has flattened out, it's past the point of no return. Look at it as you would the preventative maintenance you do for your car. This is the first time I had the sofa cleaned, however, and I can't believe I haven't had it done sooner!
1	I was really excited to have my hardwood floors cleaned. Darnell and two other guys came by and gave me a quote and it was very fair and I was excited to see my hardwood floors shine. I made the appointment and assumed Darnell would be doing the job but two other guys showed up which was fine by me as long as the job got done. When they were almost done I saw a huge scratch that they had made when they moved one of our chairs. They weren't going to fix it until I spoke up and mentioned it. Next the kitchen area that has the most traffic had some pretty bad spots that Darnell showed us would come up or at least be less noticeable which I was super excited about. When the guys were about done I looked in the kitchen and noticed none of the bad spots that Darnell had said he would spend extra time on were even the tiniest bit lighter. I asked the guys to go over it again and the spots came up so it seems like it was just pure laziness that they didn't want to put in the extra effort (it only took about 15 extra min of their time) If I wouldn't have asked those spots and the huge scuff mark from them would still be there. Once they left I started to notice corners and other parts of the floor have dust and haven't even been wiped down, I understand not being able to get the buffer in those spaces but not even wiping it?! The floors look decent now but I don't think I would be using them again unless it was guaranteed that Darnell would be doing the job. He was very detailed and you could tell really wanted to do a great job I can't say the same for the guys the showed up today.
5	Less than a day after I posted my review l received a phone call from the owner Bill wanting to know what happened and when they could come back to fix it. After finding out the previous owner had put wax or some other substance down that was basically trapping in the dirt the finally knew what was going wrong and how to fix it. They spent over 3 hours here today de waxing and getting up the tough spots. Darnell and his team even got a huge stain out of our carpets and cleaned our stairs for free. I am so impressed by the customer service of this company and how willing they are to do everything in their power to make it right when there is a compliant. That is how you do business people! I would recommend heavens best to any and everyone I know.
5	Needed some furniture cleaned and they were able to come quickly. Very professional and the pricing was good. Also had the grout and tile done which looks great.
5	Service was great. Tim & LP finished the job and our carpets were better now than before! I definitely recommend.
5	Want to give a giant thumbs up to Tim and Darnell for showing up early, moving all of my things to clean as much sq ft as possible and being quick and efficient. Very friendly and personable!!
5	Wow!  I have had some not great experiences with carpet cleaners in the past.  When Bill told me that the carpets were not going to be soaked and would be dry in an hour and cleaner than ever it was a little hard to believe.  That is exactly what happened.  The 15 year old carpets in my rental home are clean, fresh and were dry in a little over an hour.  The technicians were clean, respectful and made sure that I was happy.  And the price was great too!
5	We've hired Heavens Best 2x.  Both times we were completely satisfied.  Bill and his team are fast, thorough and professional.
