3	There are several Hickory Tavern locations in the Charlotte area, and this one is in the fast-growing Providence Road area.  This also means that it can be absolutely packed, and when there are a few college basketball games on, it's even more so.This is because the Tavern is not only a restaurant, it is a sports bar.  That makes it a little difficult to classify, but I'll do my best.First, you have a largish bar area.  This section alone is larger than many sports bars these days, and it looks even larger because it's open, rather than being cramped and confined.  While there did not seem to be any smokiness to the area, there could have been some.  It was definitely loud, as most any bar will be on this sort of night.Next, you have a dining section, which wouldn't be much different than any other family-style dining area, except for the fact that it was right next to the bar.  So if you take the family, you'll want to be aware of this.  It's not exactly set up for a quiet night out, even on the calmest of times, and this certainly wasn't that.The good news for older crowds (those without younger kids) is that if you're waiting for a table, you can wait in the bar section.  They also have these very long tables that run the length of the bar area, and you can even eat there if you don't mind the crowd.  We didn't really feel like waiting, and since the whole building had a sort of bar feel to it, felt like it really didn't matter.In the end, it didn't.  The only problem with this was getting the attention of a waitress.  Once we did, service went along fairly well, though getting refills was a bit slow.The food was good, and priced decently, but appetizers were expensive, as can be expected in most bars.  Wings especially were not cheap.  But it was all tasty.  I don't know that we'll be back, but it's certainly better than most bars, and definitely a leg up on most sports bars.
4	I've got a lot of fond memories from Hickory Tavern. It just so happens to be right around the corner from my house, so it's a nice spot to go later in the evening for a chill night.  With all of the TVs and sports paraphernalia it  seems like it'd be a great spot to watch a game, although I've never been during the day. They've got cheap beers and a really laid back and relaxing atmosphere, which I love.
3	Friendly staff, but entirely overpriced.  The tavern caters to a high class older crowd, and it is sort of a family hangout during the day.  It is a nice place to take your kids to after a soccer game (if you have the dough).  At night it turns into a somewhat younger crowd, it is half and half between older drunks and a college people.  The place rocks some good classic rock, and one of my best friends works here, Alexis.  She is an awesome waitress/bartender and you should give her your money.
4	I must admit that for awhile, I didn't see the appeal of Hickory Tavern.  Sure, it has TV but even disgusting Applebees has TV and the food was so-so for the price.  Then, things changed and the menu has improved and the prices have decreased so now I'm a fan.  Hickory Tavern is my kind of bar and grill.  If I want to grab a beer or more and watch the game, the bar is well lit, the music isn't too loud to talk, and the sports selection is plentiful.  The food is great, sized just right with something for everyone.  I typically go for their burgers which are delish.
3	The Fish Tacos are what brings me to Hickory Tavern for lunch. They are absolutely fantastic. However, the rest of the menu I haven't had much success. Nothing bad, just nothing that sticks out and says wow. The desserts are MASSIVE, and I would recommend sharing if you get one. The oreo cheesecake and the tiramisu cheesecakes are especially good.They do offer trivia on Wednesday nights where you can win gift certificates (and apply them to your bill that night). Again, 3 stars for having some good food, but I don't yearn to go there every week.
2	Good beer selection. Service sucks.
4	Nice atmosphere in the bar area.  I haven't really done sit down service in the restaurant part.  Nice place to have a beer and watch a game.  Decent food.  Usually mostly men in there.  Have outdoor seating also.  One of my favorite places.
3	Nice patio area.... when the weather is nice.  There was a decent crowd on the patio on a Monday night.  Absolutely dead inside though.Service was a bit confusing as we had 2 waitresses - but we were just there to drink and also eat a light dinner.I definitely recommend the Chicken Salad Plate....  good portioned salad and seasoned chicken salad also comes with a side fruit plate that was good.
2	Since I live in South Charlotte (not because I want to)  I have had to come here for a drink or two every now and then.  The patio is pretty nice, and decent beer specials.  I have never eaten here, but did steal a bit of nachos from a friend I was with-pretty standard.  The music is horrible, but most sport bars have that trend.  When I don't want to make the trip down to the Philosopher's stone I am forced to come here.  I've seen worse, I've seen better...all around....meh and generic
1	Stopped by tonight with a friend. We both ordered bottled beers. My bottle came with a "Best consumed before May 11, 2011". My friend's beer had a due date of November 8. I returned my beer and ordered a draft. The waiter did discount my order, but I was really disappointed in their quality control. Not sure if this was an isolated incident, but the whole experience left a bad taste.
3	I have never eaten a full meal at Hickory Tavern, but I have been in here several times with friends to grab a couple of appetizers and beverages.  The menu is typical bar food - not great but not bad either. I am always a fan of oysters and they offer them on the half shell.... yay!  They do have a nice patio that I like to enjoy when weather permits. Service on my visits has been hit or miss. I have been several times when it is really crowded and it can be a challenge to get served.  However, on visits when it was not so busy, the service was very good. In addition to all of the TVs for the sports fans, they also have live music on occasion.  The overall atmosphere is comfy and laid back but I think a little nicer than many sports bars.
5	Sports Bar atmosphere with delicious sandwiches,wings, burgers, appetizers, salads, shrimp, and drinks. Close to my home and 485. Have been here a few times and its always good . Reasonable prices and good service .
4	Good food, but the menu is getting a little stale, the prices however are rising.  They have recently bumped up their prices on menu items, and it just ruins the value equation of eating here.  I would recommend going on a day when they have specials (you can visit their website, or call in to find out what the specials are).  If you are a chicken person I highly recommend the California Chicken sandwich (I would leave off the mushrooms), and a baked potato.  The break gets a little soggy so you may have to "Fork n Knife" it but its only because the chicken is very juicy!  The baked potato is delicious and comes with a salted skin which goes great with a side of sour cream.  Beer/Alcohol can get pricey here if its not on special, but they do have a good selection.  They have TVs everywhere so we enjoy going when there is a game on, the atmosphere is great on these days.
4	I've been to a few Hickory Taverns around the Charlotte area and this one is by far the best.  The location is in the fast growing Ballantyne area and rests next to the Charlotte Golf Links course.  Perfect for playing 18 and strolling over to the bar.  The bar/patio/restaurant areas are large and loaded with places to sit for the busy times.  Personally, I prefer the bar area for everything and it has always worked out well.  We've eaten the wings, lobster roll, and the homemade chips and loved everything (Wings - nice and crispy with numerous sauce choices).  They do a very good job of using fresh bread and ingredients for their sandwhiches.  The best meal was the Chicken Avocado sandwich.  Very healthy and very flavorful.  The only reason that I held off on the 5th star was the beer selection.  I thought it was rather lacking on the draft choices.  Other than that, they have great daily drink specials and surprisingly delicious oyster days.  TVs and large projection screens on every corner and wall -- I cant ask for anything more than that.  Having said all that, you pretty much get what you see here.  Big Sports bar with quality service, food, and atmosphere. Enjoy!  -Ian M.
4	Grilled Talapia was delicious and lightly seasoned.My son ordered the wing meal and always enjoys the teriyaki flavor.Friendly service but forgetful. Overall good experience.
4	Nice place but expensive, nice tv's to see sports.
4	I love Hickory Tavern.  As a matter of fact, I've gone there the past 2 years on Mother's day.  There is something for everyone, and they give moms a rose :)  I love this place!  It's simple, fun, good, and worth it!
5	Love going to this place. Excellent burgers and wings. Make sure to get the wings charred. Service was great especially by Jordan and Kaitlin, they went above and beyond to make sure our drinks were filled and our food was good. Go here if your looking for great food, awesome atmosphere and great service. Will certainly try to go here every week if I could!
4	I haven't been to this Hickory Tavern in years.  We used to go hit buckets of balls next door and then swing over for some drinks and dinner.  The years have been fine to this location, it was just as I remembered.Located at the end of Rea Crossing shopping center just past the 485 exits on Providence Rd, if you are heading towards Waxhaw, it will be on your right.  If you are leaving the shopping center during peak drive times, or would rather not cross 4 lanes of Providence Rd, you can drive behind the gas station and hang a left, which will take you to a stoplight for safe crossing.I was greeted by the hostess and after asking not to sit at a high top (I realize I am alone and will take up a table probably meant for 4, but I typically have on a skirt and no one wants to see that while they are trying to eat) I got a little bit of an eye roll, but that's okay.  Some girls get mad at how pretty I am, so I am used to eye rolls (ha).  Hickory Tavern is FULL of large flat screen TV's and usually have whatever the prime viewing for the time is on a huge projection screen on a rear wall.  When I was in around 6 on a Thursday night, it was SportsCenter (da na na) so I could read the crawl along the bottom of the screen.  I was quickly greeted by my server, Katlyn, and she was fantastic - my drink was kept filled and she checked up on me periodically without helicoptering around me.  As I put in my Tip for this location, I believe she said on Thursdays that shrimp were $.60 and oysters were $.75, bit since I don't eat either, I wasn't exactly tuned in.  The table next to me got oysters and he commented that they were tasty.  The food:Turkey Club w/ Tavern chips ($9.50):  Turkey with melted cheese, bacon, lettuce and tomato, served warm.  The bread, if you are a Costco person, is one of their torta rolls that are deee-licious.  The sandwich was good, and I like that it was served warm, but it needed a little more flavor to it.  Maybe next time I will ask for a side of BBQ sauce or the like to punch it up a bit.  The house made chips were thick sliced potato chips, crispy, but not hard and served with a slightly spicy dipping sauce - they were good and not overly salty, which was perfect.  Key Lime Cheesecake ($6.95):  This tasted like another Queen City Pastry dessert and was delicious.  Served with several swirls of whipped cream, this light key lime cheesecake, on a graham cracker crust, with a thin layer of lime sauce on top, was the perfect somewhat light dessert the finish the meal.  Excellent service and the food was slightly above average for this type of restaurant.  As it is close to home, I shall return.
4	This 4 star rating is based solely on the charred wings!  I've never gotten anything else!  If you don't know about charred wings, they are hot wings that are cooked/fried, then placed on the grill AFTER being tossed in whatever sauce you want...all in order to give a delicious char on each wing.  I usually get the Tavern Chips to go with them.  Awesome!
4	Stopped here after dinner for desert. Had the brownie sundae. Brownie was warm and chocolate sauce was sweet but not syrupy. Waitress was courteous and efficient.
1	I am by far the biggest fan of Hickory Tavern's build your own salad. I literally could eat it every day. At this location,  however, simple instruction and ability to listen seem to be their biggest hurdle. I've called in to go orders, on multiple occasions, and they just can't seem to ever get it right. I don't know if it's the "builder" or the person taking the order.  The continued mistake has prevented me from calling these guys for the past couple of weeks but tonight I really wanted one of those salads and decided to give it a shot.  Friday night, super busy inside, go in, food is ready, get home, and BAM... It's wrong again. The roller coaster of emotion from excitement to disappointment to anger is the reason I'm writing today. $12.95 for a salad (with protein), when built by the customer, should be done correctly 100% of the time!
1	Food was really bad last night, Tues. 4-15-14   The Worst salmon sandwich ever!  2 of us had it and we both said it was the worst salmon we ever ate. No taste at all, seemed something was wrong with it or frozen for 10 yrs. I could not eat it all.   Mac and cheese,  yuk!  chicken fingers, yuk.  French fries not even good.  Five people and no one liked their food.  Small side salad came with a ton of bacon bits, eggs,etc. which was not wanted.  Someone had tuna and oysters, I could not even think about eating that.
4	They have my beer--Angry Orchard Hard Cider! and on special..  The chips and queso were crisp, perfectly salted, hot and delicious.  It was only two of us but they gave us a booth for ten...Tiffany was awesome and very accommodating.  Great place to sit and talk with an old friend..
4	I rate this place a solid four. It's a good sports bar. Lots of TVs, good beer selection,  full menu and good staff. Oddly the build your own salads are pretty good as well. Random.
1	So bad compelled me to download yelp app and write review. Went for lunch with family (wife and 3 young boys). We've learned to not be picky as our crew can be a little rambunctious. First off in an empty restaurant we were seated directly next to the kitchen in/out door. Next the waitress spilled water on my wife and table. Then when asked what the specials were I was told "um, not sure let me check". My food (turkey club) was eatable but my wife "salad" consisted of brown lettuce. The kicker is that my boys (2 and 4) didn't eat their hotdogs because they tasty "yucky". How can you mess up a hot dog????  Seems to be a good place to grab a beer and watch a game, just don't eat.
2	It's a hit or miss here depending upon what stuck up college kid you get serving you.
4	Had lunch here. Quesadilla for me and a burger for my husband. Waitress Danyelle was very friendly.  Food was good. We would definitely stop here again.
