5	Ask for Jonathon or his wife.  They are the owners and do an excellent job.
5	Great price, great service. The lady who cut my hair knew exactly what i was talking about even though i am horrible at explaining things. I got the exact haircut i was looking for. They give you a free soda with your haircut...SWEET lol. Its a nice mom and pop style barber shop which i love. This is definitely now my haircut place for phoenix..and its a really really good price... straight edge razor shaves too, those are awesome... I only got the haircut service, but i do believe they do full straight edge cuts, shampoo, and some other stuff. check their website out for all that they offer... Haircut is 14 dollars, 2 dollars off if it's your first time there.They also have a punch card which is cool when small mom and pop places do that... They accept card but its a 34 cent charge. so bring cash.
4	Good fades and edge ups but the last couple of times I've been here only one barber working on a Saturday so the wait has been very long! Not a very smart way to maximize your profits...customers come and go left and right.Update. I've returned to the shop to find that they've hired additional staff to handle customers. Hands down one of the best fades I've received here in the valley.
3	What in the world just happened to me!?!?!So this is about my 7-8 time coming in to get a haircut here and i have ALWAYS walked away happy with my haircut, and today wasn't different.I am very happy with my haircut, but the process that it took was highly uncomfortable and at one point i was dreading what would happen.So there was a new guy, or new to me (i have never seen him there before). he looked like the guy they call when you aren't willing to talk and they need more muscle to knock you around. Well i didn't want to judge a book by it's cover. In this situation if i did, i would have been right.I got man handled during my haircut. I mean i don't mind people turning my head the right direction, but he grasped my head to turn it. It wasn't too forceful but startled me at first. So i thought okay maybe he is just hands on person i can handle this. Well it didn't end while combing my hair to cut it he was throwing the comb down onto my hear and the teeth were just about stabbing me...definitely was wincing each time it came down on my ear. Then he used the brush to clean off hair. It was like i got in a fight with a horse tail...talk about getting smacked around a little. Then when cutting the top, he would grab my hair pretty roughly before taking a violent snip out of it... thankfully hair doesn't have any nerves in it...Well here comes the point where i was really concerned for my safety...they like to use a straight blade to shave your hairline to make it a sharp look... Well yeah the way he has been using the hair cutting tools needless to say i got nervous when he came at me with the straight blade. Well... when he was about to start and i was praying that he wouldn't hit any major artery, i was shocked to see that this was the most gentlest he could ever be... Sooo gentle to where i don't think he even shaved my neck and hairline. He ran the blade across but he didn't hold it correctly to actually shave anything... This was probably a good thing because i was so terrified.In short this guy was about the quick and dirty for cutting hair, but hey i am happy with what he did, not how he did it.
4	Jonathan is great. He is not much of a conversationalist but he'll do you right. Good haircut, warm shaving cream, hot towel on the fact, and a massage at the end. I had the other guy cut my hair once and the dude hacked me up. I saw him shave a guy once and dude looked like he just at a sloppy ketchup sandwich (bloody in the face). Waiting for Jonathan is definitely worth it.
