1	The pictures are much better than this place in person. I stayed there for a weekend and it cost roughly 10k. Nothing in the place works. Stereo is like 25 years old, bowling alley broken, freezers and fridge half assed and broken, hotter than shit in most of the house. The club room doesn't even have AC vents so its extremely hot! Smaller bedrooms are terrible. Tiny and old fashioned. All show no go!
4	A great place to rent for private parties.Each room has a theme and the whole place is more or less a giant lounge residing in a house.Out back, there's a lavish pool and a separate dance room with bowling alley.  Behind that, there's a VIP room with stripper pole and a separate bar and tons of flat screen TV's. The upstairs bedrooms are in dire need of a refresh...the walls look worn and the trim and moulding just looks slapped together...clearly a party house. Parking is a challenge because the local neighbors complain so much, the douche bag Nevada Police are on you like a fat kid on a cupcake, so if you're planning a party here, account for bussing in your guests...or else.
3	I am on the search for upcoming wedding venues that are not chapels or typical banquet spaces. In the wedding capital, it's harder to find that you think since everyone comes for the other route. This leads me to look at rental estates and this was the first house we toured. Some of the details - it's a 10 bedroom, 5.5 + bedroom house with a 2 detached casitas and a separate nightclub/bowling alley that's 11,000 sq ft. So one of the weird things is upstairs is a weird layout where there are a few bedrooms that were made from what used to be the master bedrooms sun deck and looked like a office space....so basically these 3 rooms have no hallway access. You get to it by going to one bedroom with a door to the other bedroom which has a door to the other bedroom. I get that it's probably a hard sell to rent such a huge space that cant sleep a lot of people, but it kinda sucks that you can either go to these rooms through one rooms doorway or through these double doors in the master bathroom. The place has a lot of character. I do like the space. Im sure a lot of people are familiar with the Artisan hotel and this has very much that feel about it with all the gold gilding and floor to ceiling painted walls. BUT it wasn't in nearly good condition as the pictures lead on. It's not a new home, this was built in the 80's so I didn't expect new, but clean. I saw a video tour of the home and it looked great when that owner had it so it seems since then it hasn't been maintained as the video was 3 years old. I do forgive some things as there was a large party the weekend and I was there 2 days after, but certain things were definitely not that way due to a party like chandeliers that just didn't work or the pond/fountain being green and dirty. It just got me concerned about how pristine they were gonna clean up from this party and ultimately how clean will it be for my wedding? I was quoted quite high if I did only 1 day, $3500 or if it was more days it would be $2900 per day. Reasonable if everything was in working order, clean and functional, but ultimately I decided it didn't work for what I wanted. To get everyone to have seating and comfy spaces to hang people would need to be really spread out. They do wedding packages as well if you are into a more all inclusive thing. Great party house, but maybe not the spot for my wedding. Onto the next venues....
