4	This is the best option for dining at the MGM in Las Vegas. The service is courteous and quick and they do a good job of keeping the busy place rolling along fairly smoothly. They give you a pager to call you when your table is ready so you can go out and earn your dinner money before you head to your table. The sushi here is better priced than the neighboring Shibuya and of somewhat lesser quality, but I still like it. Other items ordered off the menu were all worthwhile and probably a better bet than the sushi, depending on what you are in the mood for. My friend who has lived in Japan for two years was satisfied with the sushi, so that means good things I suppose. As I recall the sake and hamachi were particularly good. Warning - I was once eating some odd soup here when I saw a green bean that looked tasty. Upon taking a huge bite I realized that was no bean, it was a fking pepper and it kicked my ass. My eyes turned red and I felt like I needed to empty the contents of my stomach on the sushi bar. Rough! I guess I just wasn't paying attention but I got owned here. And I still come back. That's good.
4	I am attracted to chinese joints in casinos that are geared to the asian gamblers.  I've stayed here for years and always thought this place was part of the Grand Lux Cafe.  I don't know whether it is my ethnic loyalty or cultural confusion that makes me want to eat something asian when I am in Vegas, but it sure beats the hell out of a burger and fries.  1 star for having salty fish fried rice.Conceptually, it's weird to have a sushi joint w/ soup noodles.  I tried both and was satisfied.  Once we found this place, we ate here whenever we wanted to grab a quick bite.  I gulp when I see Pho for $16, but it's Vegas...  In review, great service. It's fast.  It's good.  It's damn expensive.  One complaint ~ Where is the keno lady?
2	Where can you get 20 dolla porridge and wish you were eating all you can eat king crab at Caesars??  here.  :(  what was I thinking?
4	Yes it's bloody expensive!  But... it's the casino and if you charge it to the room and lose enough money, the hotel will pick it up anyway.  Or... if the hotel doesn't, it means you didn't lose enough money which is a winning situation so what's 20 bucks for a plate of fried rice :DWe ate a lot here at our last trip to the MGM Grand - a couple weeks ago.  Why!?  'Coz it was one of the allocated restaurants in the mgm where they would pay for our meals (not the tip of course and we overlooked, the tax LOL).  Since we're not really buffet people and not about to stand in line for an hour to overeat instead of lose more money on electronic blackjack, we returned to the wok a lot.  I can safely say we've tried just about everything on their menu here lol.  It was sort of like eating buffet here for us - an order of nasi goreng, a noodle dish, a couple of rolls and some uni - welcome to Las Vegas :)  Almost no complaints about the food.  The Chinese food is almost excellent!  So is the sushi - I bravely ordered uni since the husband convinced me that they might actually have as good an uni as Shibuya.  Guess what!?  They did!!  I guess they all order from the same distributors :)  The firecracker shrimp is YUMZ!   DO NOT order the Hainanese chicken rice if you know what it is.  You'd be highly disappointed.  But everything else I loved or liked a lot.  Sammi Cheng had a concert while we were there so it was swamped with Asians more than usual.  They actually ran out of soy bean milk by day four  :(  I was so enjoying them too.
2	Ten in the morning, feeling crappy from the night before, went here for a quick brunch. Wasn't feeling too hungry so I ordered just a sashimi platter (I heart salmon) while my friends ordered their way more complicated to make asian cuisine entrees. Half an hour later, everyone else was done eating and there I was cursing the heavens for my ill fate. Not really, but I was a somewhat pissed. I mean, really, how hard is it to slice up some freakin salmon, right? I know for sure doesn't take half a freakin hour. Bah, so I called the waiter and had my order cancelled - he did apologize - then gave me a bowl of miso soup with rice. WTF. I thought that was pretty insulting so I got a little more pissed - who the hell eats rice with miso soup? I know I don't. Asked for our bill, two minutes later - guess what? Here comes the waiter with my freakin order - that I clearly asked to be freakin cancelled. AND I was gettin billed for it! Now at this time I just really honestly wanted to cuss him out but thankfully for him, I'm not that kind of person. Kept my cool instead. Then when I reminded him I had it cancelled - mf had the nerve to have an annoyed look in his face. I was about ready to explode but decided to just get up and leave. F*&(*@~!!!!I'd give it just one star but I went back the next day because again, we just wanted something quick, ordered some kind of noodle entree - that turned out okay, good portion - but I guess just right for what you're paying.Probably won't go back here though, mediocre food and bad service just really isn't my thing.
5	This is my favorite place to eat in the MGM as its cheap, tasty and always fast. The nasi goreng is amazing as it comes complete with chicken satay skewers and a cooling cucumber dip which you need as the rice is very spicy.The BBQ combination is also brill and the sushi is so fresh and tasty. Been here about six times and have never had bad service or a bad meal, maybe I'm easy to please but trust me go and give it ago..x
4	Another case of "I'd like to give it a 3.5."Spicy mess of noodles, cucumber salad and big cup of sake were all tasty, and my server was sweet and on the ball.  The vibe was mellow and no one seemed to care that I lingered by myself for an hour and a half with work papers spread across a table for four.I shelled out about twice as much as I'd expect to on home turf, ($15 for noodles!?) but y'know, it's Vegas, baby.The only disappointment was the promised "cascading waterfall and polished stone pond"--where were they?  I mean, where can a frigging waterfall hide?
3	I just have one word say about this place... HAM?My friends and I went for an 11:30pm dinner. Here was the dialogue with our server (she was uber-nice but ESL):Friend: Can you tell me what's in the Singapore Curry Rice Noodle dish?Server: Shwimp and Hahm.Friend: Ham?Server: Yes, Hahm.Friend: I'm sorry, did you say Ham?Server: Yes, Hahm.All this strange talk of ham snapped me out of my coma-like daydreaming state:Me: Did you say that this dish has ham in it?Server: Yes, Hahm!!Me: Wait, are you saying Ham like H-A-M?Server: Yah! Hahm! Like Pohrk!Me: Ah, ok... now I see.Does the Singapore Curry Rice Noodle dish (which could be mistaken for a vegetarian item) have shrimp and Logan's Farm Honey Baked Ham? Or is it shrimp and pieces of Hormel cold cuts? Perhaps it's simply shrimp and pork, which doesn't sound quite so odd. In any case, we decided to steer clear of the ham and got some sushi and pad thai. The sushi and pad thai were nothing to Yelp about but not bad. Perhaps we totally missed out on some spectacular meal by opting out of the Singapore Curry Rice Noodle. Maybe next time!
3	We grabbed a quick dinner here before going to see Ka.  At first, we were concerned about how long it would take because it took forever to get our drinks.  The service was definitely mediocre and it annoyed me that the managers would only observe the servers.  They did not come over and ask for our drink order when they saw our impatience growing.  Instead, they tracked down a server for us.  Kind of annoying.  For the extensive menu selection and variety of different cuisines, I was surprised at how good it was.  I mean, it was not divine, but good enough for a quick meal.  I had the Pho, which was average.  My Mom ordered a bunch of appetizers, including potstickers, spring rolls and lettuce wraps.  They were all quite good.  All in all, I would say this is a good spot to grab a quick meal if you happen to be at the MGM.
3	Pretty pricey Asian food if you ask me, but then again, it's Vegas baby! The food is alright. Don't get the pad thai because it tastes nothing like pad thai. I ordered the Nasi Goreng which is Indonesian fried rice with chicken satay. It was pretty delicious and unique. The chicken was sweet and the rice was spicy! Hot n spicy!! Me likes. Either way, the quality of Asian food sure beats the fast food chinese in the food court...
4	In San Francisco, this restaurant may be rated 2 stars because of price vs quality... but we're in Vegas afterall - so it is cheaper than the other restaurants.  We actually went here twice.  The first time, we were craving Chinese food and this place just happened to be around the corner.  Surprisingly, the food was pretty good!  We had the Singaporean noodles and the Yee-Mien.  We also ordered sushi - which was excellent!  We also ordered the overpriced sake, but that was great too.  Portions were a little on the thin side... but just enough carbs to last us through the night.After a crazy night in Vegas, we were looking for "hangover" food.  Anywhere that has noodle soup.  BINGO.  This place hit JUST the spot.  I had the beef noodle soup.  It was yummy.  My friend had the seafood soup.  Minus the MSG, it actually looks pretty healthy.  And that is why.... despite the overpriced Chinese food, this place for 4 stars!  It satisfied all our Chinese food cravings in Vegas!
5	this place is pretty pricey. sushi and miso soup are the best!!! yumm yumm yummm. my bf and i totally stuff'd ourselves with bomb a$$ sushi and was too full to eat the lo mein and pad thai.. we took the lo mein and pad thai back to our room...and  after a night of gambling and all the free drinks we got from the casino floor at mgm.. we had the noodles for left over and it was still yummyyy!!
4	My boyfriend and I wound up eating here since some of the other places seemed much too expensive. Don't get me wrong, it was over $60 for the two of us including tip, but it was pretty worth it. I had two excellent sushi rolls and my boyfriend had the kung pao chicken, which was also great. Service was a little off, although our server did seem kind of busy to her credit. I really enjoyed the atmosphere there. We sat in a kind of separate area where there was a large wall made of black stones with water running down. It was really beautiful. I'd recommend this if you want to eat in MGM Grand!
4	We passed by here so many times, but were intimidated to go in here expecting small portions and jacked up prices as with most restaurants in Vegas have.  But a group of us were starving and were running late for our flight out and needed to grab dinner real quick.  So Grand Wok it was.Decor is nice and very clean.  Turns out the portion sizes were generous.  The sushi was yummy and fresh and they offered a lot of variety.  My friend ordered a malaysian noodle plate and it was piled up high and very flavorful.  Service was great and very attentive.  The food came out pretty fast.Next time we come back to Vegas, we'll definitely consider coming to Grand Wok again.
3	the people who work here are all cantonese.  the food was like cheap chinese food / american chinese food.  and sushi.  when can you get sushi and chinese food in one place?  vegas i guess.i had the chicken lettuce wraps.  seafood tofu chowder (which is not really a chowder but just a soup).  scallop, mayo, tobiko sushi roll.  the food was not too bad.  the sushi was falling apart.  food here is of course overpriced.
2	One word of advice, avoid the chow mein. The beef not only tasted disgusting (very low quality), the noodles were overcooked and the entire dish had maybe 5 vegetables total. It was so unpalatable I ended up sending it back. The sushi here however, is pretty decent.
3	Extremely over priced for Chinese food.. not breaking any molds here at all. The water feature on the wall is pretty cool and the space is pleasant. Service was as good as you'd find at most Chinese restaurants, polite and courteous. I was craving tofu in a serious way but the only tofu they had on the menu was in a seafood soup. Disappointing but not unexpected. Note.. there is a cheapie Chinese place over in the food bar area.
4	There's nothing like wonton soup to cure my hang over.  Especially in vegas, I'm pretty much nursing a hangover everyday.  After a looong day of trade show booth duty, I welcomed this soupy, noodley, shrimpey and porkey goodness.  It wasn't too steep for a vegas restuarant.  I think it was like $11 for it. The other had sushi and nobody complained but then again, we were all hungry and hungover.  Gotta add that disclaimer. :)
2	I would have rather eaten at Panda Express. My food was some of the most bland, uninspired food I have eaten in a long time. My won ton soup was too salty for my liking and the sushi was falling apart. I wasn't all that impressed with my fella's barbecue combination dish, but it was better than mine. And, being that the restaurant is in a casino, everything was of course overpriced. The service was the only thing that saved this place from getting one star. Save your money and find some cheap hole in the wall Chinese restaurant off the strip.
3	Solid Asian restaurant in the MGM.  It's open late and has a decent sushi menu and very good mixed drinks.
3	This place is sanctuary late at night!  There aren't too many selections on the menu if you're going just for sushi and cocktails.  But the sushi I had was very tasty, if hastily made.  The rolls are pretty big, and one order was perfect for me at dinner.  The Feng Shui cocktail is out-of-this-world but sweet as liquid candy!  My boyfriend ordered a bowl with scallops and a variety of veggies, and he ate every last bite.  Definitely a great place to visit if you're hungry at the MGM after 10pm!
3	The salmon sashimi was fresh and pretty tasty. Chinese food is overpriced, but decent.
3	after eating bread and cheese for 3 days straight, i felt the need to eat something "asian" (as asian as it can get in a vegas hotel!).  we came here on new yrs eve after watching KA, and it was crowded!  we were able to snag seats at the bar immediately tho.  i had the tom yum noodle soup w/ 3 gigantic shrimps, and the bf got singaporean curry rice noodles.  both were tasty and hit the spot.
4	I was hungry at 2 am and wandering around MGM thinking I'd have to settle for the 24 hr cafe, when I saw that the Grand Wok and Sushi Bar was still open. Since I didn't really feel like diner food I was really happy! I sat at the Sushi Bar, which was Wheelchair accessible. This is a BIG PLUS for me because they usually aren't. I ordered several types of Sushi and a Sake. I had Salmon, Unagi, Hamachi and Garlic Tuna. They all were fresh and delicious. The Tuna was seared and had just a touch of Garlic. The Sake was unfiltered and tasted wonderfully sweet, but was a tad expensive.  Overall, I was quite impressed with the Sushi, especially for a place that doesn't really specialize in it.
4	Another anniversary June '08...we planned on going back to Shibuya for dinner. After the whole day of shopping and walking...we decided to just eat at a somewhat decent place in MGM grand then off to snoozing!There we found The Grand Wok & Sushi Bar.What we like about it is a somewhat "fine dining" feel yet has a casual vibe. We ordered sushi...of course. Great sushi! Fresh-which is good! :) I love that they just dont offer Japanese food. They offer Chinese, Korean, Indonesian...etc fare.I also recommend the Honey Glazed BBQ Pork-Yum! 1 thing that really bothered me and the bf (days after we dined here)...Sake. So we ordered sparkling sake (Hou Hou Shu) really refreshing and ultimately became my fave. For about 300ML, it was $30 a bottle. We just decided to splurge since it was our anniversary and all. A few weeks after, we went to True Sake in SF, CA...found the same bottle, same size for $14. dannnnnnnm. Well, it was Vegas after all. LOL.
4	The sushi was great and the service was better. I'm not sure if it's because the restaurant wasn't busy, but our rolls came with more pieces than is typical.I hope to never be in Vegas again, but if I am, I'd eat here again.
3	I might give The Grand Wok another shot, but this visit to the sushi bar was just ok.  We only ordered two very ordinary rolls and one bowl of soup, drank water, and got nicked for $38 with tip.  Charge it to the room, I say!
4	So I am yelping this place because my boyfriend really wanted to read what I have to say about it.  Disclaimer: I've actually been here only once and this was almost a year ago on my last trip to Vegas so this review may not reflect the quality of the food right now.Anyway, my boyfriend and I had stayed at the MGM and got a complimentary $25 dining coupon.  Of course, I went on Yelp to see which restaurant was even worth trying.  Since we used the coupon for lunch, our choices were limited and Grand Wok happened to be the only place that was open for lunch and had decent reviews.  More than a few people had recommended the Nasi Goreng (Indonesian Spiced Fried Rice with Chicken Satay) so of course we ordered that.  We also ordered a Spider Roll and the Rock and Roll.The sushi rolls were really mediocre and definitely not worth the price they charge but whatever, it's Vegas.  The main star of our dining experience was the Nasi Goreng.  Even though people said it was good, I didn't expect too much from it.  But literally, my reaction when I first bit into the chicken skewer was "OOOOHH MY GOD!"  Yup, it was that damn good.  If I could base my rating of Grand Wok on this dish alone, I would give it 6 stars!  The next time we go back to Vegas, we're definitely gonna come here again.  My boyfriend can order whatever he wants but I'm gonna order one dish of Nasi Goreng just for myself ;)
4	I came to Vegas and stayed at the Tropicana as it was close to where I needed to go for a work convention.  During my time off though, I hung out a lot at the MGM Grand gambling, drinking and just having plain old fun.  Well I passed by this place several times and I was curious about the place.  One night, we were craving Asian and there was a Japanese restaurant in the Tropicana, but there was NO one in there.  We ran away as fast as we could.  NOT a good sign when a place looks empty.  Because I saw this place so much, I opted to go here.We were promptly seated at the bar and I got a rainbow roll that was delicious.  It was nice to sit at the bar and watch everything get made.  Seriously, there was a waitress named Min who took care of the big tables.  For such a tiny woman, she was carrying HUGE trays of food.  We renamed her Max for all her strength and efficiency! Color me impressed! Service was great, everyone was really nice and also have the Lobster and Papaya salad! It's a tiny bit bland, but still nice and refreshing to have with the roll!It's a great casual place that's not too expensive.  And my lucky machines were right outside this place so I can't complain.  Enjoy!
3	My husband and I ate a light lunch here since we arrived before check in time @ the MGM Grand. We ordered the Shrimp Pad Thai noodles ($14.75) and Spicy Tuna roll ($8.95). The food was tasty but pricey for the quantity that you get. Good thing I wasn't too hungry or I would have ordered another roll to fill myself up.All in all, it is a good place to go to if you are craving asian food and just wanted to stay in the vicinity of the hotel.
1	NASTY!!!  That's all I am going to say.  I should have listened and never go to a place that as "wok" in their name.Worst food I have ever had.
1	The service is unbelievably slow and the food is way overpriced for mediocre food. Service: I sit down. Server asks what I'd like to drink, I say water and she quickly runs away even though I already know what I want to order. Water takes 15 minutes to arrive (delivered by a runner). Waitress takes another 10 minutes after water is delivered to come back to take my order even though the restaurant is more than half empty and I try to give her a visual que by closing my menu and placing it way on the other side of the table. Food takes an unbelievable 25 minutes to arrive and is disappointing (see below).I ordered the Tom Yum Noodle Soup with Shrimp, which is a dish I've had in several Thai and asian fusion restaurants across the country. It's sort of the Thai version of pho. The broth barely had any taste in spite of the fact it's marked on the menu as spicy. And lacked the depth of flavor of citrus, lemongrass and chilis that Tom Yum normally has. Really it tasted like water downed chicken broth with a hint of lemongrass flavor. I had to ask for some chili paste to spice it up to an acceptable level. The shrimp tasted like it had been cooked separately and added as a garnish after the dish was plated. It hadn't even been salted and lacked any hint of taste.For $14 I expected the Tom Yum to be at least as good as if not twice as good as the versions I've had in the past for $6-$7.
3	Really not a bad restaurant.  We had an extremely late lunch at 3:00 PM here on a Friday and it was hardly crowded.  Each dish averages about $15.  My sisters and I ordered the spicy tuna roll as an appetizer.  For the main course, we ordered the duck, lobster, and shrimp fried rice, beef chow fun with no bean sprouts, and the Singapore curry rice noodles.  The spicy tuna was average tasting but I'd definitely skip the Singapore noodles next time.  That was very bland.  The chow fun and fried rice was excellent though and portions are nice.  Service was good as well.  I'm not sure I'd come back since there are so many places to eat in Vegas that are excellent for the same price but if I'm in the area or staying at this hotel, I just might if I'm in the mood for Chinese.
3	hm....well first off it looked really nice from the outside and there were not that many big tables. So if you are planning to eat with about 8 people, you are going to be waiting for one of two tables. There were many small tables for two people so the wait would probably be short. My group waited around and hour and 20 mins to get a table because the bastards that were hogging the tables were getting multiple rounds of drinks and talked until their damn lips fell off. So since there were slot machines near by, i was burning more money in my wallet while i waited. When we finally got in there, we were pretty disappointed because the person said 30 mins, but you can't blame the hostess, blame the stupid people at the table. But in return for our long wait the service was pretty good. The manager seated us personally and got us our drinks and stuff. From working in a restaurant i could tell she was totally kissing ass, but she was doing a good at it. I got myself a nice Captain and coke and my friend got a red orchid drink that was fruity. All of us (8) order one plate and we all shared. We thought that the plates would be a good size....but there were small! I ordered the Mongolian Beef and it was like $17. For $17 you should get a good amount of beef, but i got like 12 pieces. hm... Well i guess it's in the MGM grand so they think they are all top of the line cuisine. EH. Some of the dishes that were chosen were good, some were okay. This Asian fusion thing was not the best i have had, but food is food and i was hungry at the time. Then my friend's mother told the manager that we were celebrating me, and my two friend's birthday so we got dessert on the house. Woohoo! Everyone else got a fortune cookie. I got some chocolate moose thing in a martini glass that was good. One of my friends got a plate of strawberry cheesecake, and the other got 3 little mounts of regular cheesecake. Mine was the best so i shared with everyone and it was the first one finished. After a couple of drinks we had a show to go to so we paid the ridiculous bill amount and left semi-satisfied. Next time i'm hitting the buffet.
4	My chicken lettuce wraps were very tasty, but service was kind of blah....our waitress was very busy and we constantly had to flag her down for one thing or another...my friend had some tuna sushi which she said was pretty good as well....for the price, it's a little more upscale than the food court, but not quite 'fine' dining, so my wallet was happy and my tummy satisfied, so I really can't complain too much!
5	This is the first restaurant we hit up when we got to Vegas... and the last one right before we left!First thing that caught my eye - JELLYFISH. I don't know, they just have these neon light jellyfish hanging up. I liked it ;)We had excellent service both times we went there. I got some crazy fried rice and my friend got pad thai... both were sooo goood! I made a mistake though... normally I don't eat red meat. I went to Vegas with the mindframe of: "FUCK IT! I'M IN VEGAS I'LL DO/EAT/DRINK WHATEVER I WANT!!" Immediate mistake. My fried rice had pork in it and I regretted it all day. (read my Buffet at the Wynn review if you want to find out what happened.. dundundun...)I got some sushi right before we left our hotel and it was really tasty as well.. their rolls come with so many pieces, and the price wasn't too bad either.OK. I saved the best aspect for last. I cannot remember the name of the drink for the life of me, but it had lychee in it and it BLEW my freakin mind. Best cocktail I've ever had. Got a good buzz off of that little drink too - which rarely happens. "Grand Wok - where if you have enough of the $12 lychee cocktails, your wok-ing ability will be out the door!"
2	I'm back in Vegas this time with the hubby and needed a quick fix dinner and we wanted Chinese food before heading back to the airport to fly back to the bay area.  Since I've been here before, I thought what the heck, I know it's decent.  This time however, the food was lacking big time in flavor.  Chow fun was not good, the won ton noodle soup was all just broth and no flavor.  Even the poor little dumplings didn't taste good.  We also order the miniature spring rolls.  When I say miniature, I'm not kidding.  Check out the pictures.  I won't be coming back for a third time.
2	After meeting up with  the drunk fellas they decided to eat here. Ended up being a bad call. First off, the hostess Angie has stank attitude and repeatedly tells us "your entire party has to be here for you to be seated". It's either 6 or 7 or 8 so just find a big enough table and there won't be any trouble. After her giving us a hard time we storm off and realize it would be too far to walk back to the row of restaurants on the other side. We got seated in the small room in the middle along with 2 other parties. Everybody knows when you're on that drank you get loud but the server Min handled it pretty well.We ordered edamame, orange chicken, kung pao chicken, beef tenderloin, mongolian beef, chicken lo mein, and beef lo mein. The order of edamame was too hella small for 7 grown men. The dishes were so so. The beef tenderloin was the best of all. The chicken dishes seemed lacking something. The server forgot to put in the order for the beef lo mein so that was on the house. This place pretty much sucked.
4	I'm surprised at some of the reviews for this place. It wasn't spectacular, but I thought it was really decent for the price. We were on a budget for food and it was hard to find somewhere for dinner that was a little nicer, but only about $50 for two people. We ordered the steamed potstickers which were fine. The combination fried rice and the red curry coconut chicken were both really good. Now, I am not rating these on any kind of 'authenticity' scale which I am skeptical of anyway. I thought they had full flavors, not greasy, and were very nicely portioned. The atmosphere here was fun, but not as themed as many of the other places in the MGM. I wish it had been a little less crowded, but they have the tables jammed in here. Our server was a little clumsy, but very attentive and very pleasant.
4	This place is a really amazing value for where it is on the strip.  The food is consistently good and you won't break the bank going here.  I highly recommend the mongolian beef.  It has the perfect texture that you look for when you think "man, I really want to go for some mongolian beef now."  Their sushi is adequate.  I'd say forego the sushi for their hot items(not to say the sushi is bad...its just that the hot items are better).
5	What?!?! No black cloth napkins???How can you serve a dinner only menu but not have black napkins for those of us who hide that extra pudginess everyone gets during vaca, by wearing black as a uniform.. Down to the black fishnets later at the Hard Rock - I jest!!! Everybody knows it's all about the CFM boots! But the caveat is that you have to find a babysitter for the kiddo beforehand - c'mon people catch up here. ;)Anyways, aside from that - this place still gets 5 stars! Why? Because on our first night in town with the baby, we got a craving for Chinese food. Strolled down Restaurant Row, and here we are. Hmmmm, dressed up Asian Fusion, with a great selection of all regions of Asia (well, except for the Philippines.... I suppose we are PI after all). When looking in the windows, we saw a family with 4 little ones under the age of 7 - OK this is OUR place. Great food, doesn't mind the kiddo making a mess, and even folded up the stroller for us when we walked in. The design and layout of the regular restaurant was very nice. WE never really sit at the Sushi Bar, unless it's date night. Doesn't seem fair to let the kiddo take up a stool where somebody could order their fix of unagi and toro, etc.Anyways - the quality of service - SUPERB. From the hostess, Host, Manager, and of course waitress. We ordered 3 rolls to split between us and they were so tasty! I'll post a picture, and edit with names. Best part - they serve ORION. Finally - a place that understands it's not always about Asahi or Sapporo, etc. The evening ended with the waitress talking to Rachael in Chinese and her actually cracking a smile at a stranger. Now that is the magic touch. :)But I think the best part of the experience, is that we didn't truly realize or appreciate it until after we left, but the beautiful glass walls that make the restaurant front, also serve as noise proofing for the casino traffic right outside. Now that's classy ;)
1	Pros: NoneCons: Food, PriceOverall: Do yourself a favor - use the MGM Grand's Casino Entrance/Exit, turn right, and take the 3 minute walk to Panda Express.My fam and I were craving some Chinese food so we went here at the recommendation of my cousin who frequents Vegas and says this is the closest Chinese restaurant and pretty good (we were staying at the MGM anyway)Wow, was he wrong! First off, I don't eat seafood, so I can't comment on that - which dominates a lot of their menu items.  But here's what we did haveMongolian Beef - This was the only good dish I sampled. However, this is NOT mongolian beef. They're like mini steaks. It tasted good, like duck actually, and it was very tender. However, it was nowhere near Mongolian beef. I did like the sauce that came with it since it was infused with a slight hint of habanero. But this was not Mongolian beef in the slightest."Chow fun" (Beef rice noodle with soy sauce) - they weren't kidding. It was just that. No other real flavorings, just soy sauce. No attempt at making a delicious sauce. Just take some kikoman or something and pour it over noodles, fry it for 5 seconds and serve. Wow. bad.Combination Fried Rice - What the hell is with all these beans? There was like no meat in my dish. Who does this? Really????Honey Walnut Shrimp - My cousin's favorite dish. He enjoyed it. I enjoyed the walnut.Additionally - no free refills on soda. I mean, I'd expect that at a Pho restaurant, but not a crappy expensive Chinese restaurant. (I guess it's not really Chinese, but "Asian Fusion" - Asian fused with crap)For those that enjoy Chinese food, you know it's about the large, family-sized portions. I didn't expect much of that here, but for the price they make you pay, they surely don't delivery in either quality or quantity.Overall this place sucks, and it left such a bad memory in my head, that I went to Panda Express the morning after and had a much more satisfying meal for less. Do yourself a favor - use the MGM Grand's Casino Entrance/Exit, turn right, and take the 3 minute walk to Panda Express.
5	Definitely been one of my favs for years. This time tried the BBQ Pork appetizer. OMG!!! Are you kidding me!! Melt in your mouth. and it's affordable. Thx Vegas for making my tumultuous week.
2	The Kobe Short Ribs I ordered, an excellent idea, fell short on execution.  They overcooked the meat somewhat, but the vegetables, crispy noodles, and soy based sauce all melded well together. The place looked very nice, and the host, maybe manager did check to see how everything was.  I didn't have time to go into detail and wait for any replacement, cause I had to get to a show, so I said it was good, and for the record, it was almost, very good.
3	I didn't order the sushi here, so I can't comment on that, but the Chinese food here is pretty decent. Not great, but decent. The wonton soup was all right, the soup base was kind of bland compared to what I expect, and the Orange chicken was disappointing. What I thought was really good, though was the combination fried rice. It was more of a Japanese style fried rice, which is has a lighter, almost crispier rice texture, but this one didn't contain bonito flakes. Like many restaurants on the strip, I wouldn't make a special effort to eat here, but it's good enough to eat at if I'm already at that hotel/casino.
2	It saddens me to write this review.Mostly because I use to LOVE this place.Many of my best night in Vegas began here, no matter where on the strip I was staying I would go to MGM for sushi. However this last visit was a disappointment.The staff was slow and seemed confused. They seated us with only one menu, which I still cannot figure out.Many times my water glass was empty and I had to ask for a refill. Our food took over 45 minutes to come out, while other groups who were seated after us had already eaten and were signing their checks. Usually we get Orange chicken and sushi but this time we went for more Chinese food, big mistake. The portion of the Orange Chicken seemed to have been cut in half while the price increased, since July. The chicken was okay but it use to be better. The curry rice noodles were more bland than curry. The shrimp in with the rice noodles were not marinated and had no flavor.  At least my favorite bottle of sake is still worth the money, however the price of that has almost doubled in the last year. All in all pretty disappointing meal for $100. I am not sure what happened to this place but it seems to have gone down hill at warp speed. Not sure if I will be eating here ever again.
5	Everytime and friend of mines comes to town we always come to eat here because the staff is amazing(especially the manager) and the rolls are awesome!  Last time we were here the manager allowed us to be seated, even though it was close to closing, and gave us free desert.  She is an amazing person...MmmmMMmmm, it's pricey but worth it.
4	I have to agree with Steve L in that the Mongolian beef I had was not what I usually get with Mongolian beef.  It WAS really good, though, so I can forgive them the fact that it isn't really Mongolian beef.  (Not even remotely spicy at all).  My sister got the chicken with the noodles... I can't remember what that is called.  She liked it a lot.  I took a bite of chicken and did not enjoy it, but it wasn't my meal.  It seemed rather reasonably priced to me, probably roughly what I would spend per person at a place like PF Changs, but for better food in my opinion.  It is entirely possible I didn't notice, but I think they did not charge us for refills.  I also agree with Doreen B.  It is nice that the restaurant is really rather quiet despite facing into the casino.  I also liked that it is a no-smoking restaurant.
5	Love this place. I just got back from Vegas and was at the MGM looking for a casual place to dine. My wife wanted sushi so we went to the Grand Wok. The food and service was excellent. The best Mongolian beef I've ever had. It was tender and cooked to perfection. The sushi was also a blast. Definitely check this place out. The prices are modest.
1	jOined yelp just because of this fckn restaurant...usually i'm not hard to disappoint coz i feel like every place should all be given a chance; well, this place SUCKS!!! my cousin visited me from NJ and i was looking for a place to take her to dinner; so i went on yelp for some suggestions...there was some bad reviews about this place, but i still tried it anyway...i should have listen! argh im so fckn mad!!! wtf was i thinkin?! everything was like $15-$25 for a little bit of food...i'm never one to complain but damn, MGM shouldn't even let that place be in there...im more pissed than disappointed. save your money people, go to I Love Sushi or Sushimon in Henderson, tastes so much better for the1/3 of price.pros: *the furniture was nice*waiter was nicecons:*curry chicken didn't even taste like curry & it was so salty*too expensive for little portion of food*the appetizer was a joke!*my red dragon sushi roll was soggy
2	Appetizer: Viet Summer rolls - small and flavorless. Peanut dipping sauce was no bueno. Sushi: Sea Dragon Roll - Shrimp tempura, Eel, Roasted Garlic with spicy masago and Eel sauce...yeah it was ok at best. The rice was too sticky and really all I tasted was a lot of EelMain Dish: Honey Walnut Shrimp- Pretty darn good...shrimp were large and full of flavor. Just the right comonation of salty and sweet. The walnuts were perfect. Just wish this dish didn't cost $27Side: Abalone Congee- Had high hopes....really bland. No flavor at all. big disappointment! Jasmine Dusted Chicken - yeah this dish sounds good. However....what a wasted $22. The chicken was chewy and way over cooked. After a couple bites I pushed it aside. The green beans were good....but I wasn't pleased with paying $22 for green beans. Sevice- Had to keep waving down the waiters. They would drop off food or drinks and not return for a minimum of 15 minutes. Sorry....but I could have sworn someone told me this was a fine dining establishment....meaning, I shouldn't be getting Denny's quality service....thanks. About $125 after tip for 3 people and no one was really happy when we walked out. Not my idea of a good time. Maybe we should have gone to the buffet.
3	hainanese chicken rice - pretty damn good. chicken was moist, good dipping sauces, the rice was flavorful, soup is good. $24duck, shrimp rice rice - not bad, but $16 bucks for average fried rice?food was good, but if you can get to spring mountain rd, you'll get three good asian meals for the price of one meal at grand wok.
3	This is a pretty place, with lots of glass and light wood.  Because it's such a large, open setting though, it's actually extremely loud.  (No, not because of the casino all around it!)  The large, bustling, open kitchen is a lot of fun to watch.  (I was intrigued by the significant number of older -- past 55 years old, at least -- sous chefs.  They were definitely the largest demographic in the kitchen, which seemed unique.)  The staff was very friendly, patient, and accommodating.  The food was very good and the menu had a huge variety.  Aside frmo the sushi, most of the selection was based on standard US Asian restaurant fare, but with unique takes on things, like the lobster ramen.
3	During a busy conference night at the hotel with no reservations we were able to walk right in and get a table. Our small group decided to share Sushi. The Sashimi was fresh (Yellowtail, tuna & salmon) but not very original in presentation or added flavors/sauces. We ordered a bunch of various rolls and all were solid and good to eat, but the trend with this restaurant was everything seemed very safe. As if we had eaten these dishes before at other restaurants. So if you are in the MGM with no reservations and you want a safe quality meal - you can't go wrong with The Grand Wok Sushi.
4	You changed my whole lifeDon't know what your doing to me with your loveI'm feeling all super human, you did this to meA super human heart beats in me...at GRAND WOK SUSHI BAR! - Chris Brown (superhuman)Warning: short review ahead! The chinese food is authentic here - ordered the garlic fried rice (garlic wasn't overpowering, gave it a good kick of flavor) the lobster e-mein (actually taste better here than at normal seafood restaurants!) the won-ton soup (i kinda liked the noodles even though the texture was more stiff than usual) and topped it off with a las vegas roll (i think fried yellowtail was the standout here - trying to remember but can't lol...either way it was alright)Food: 4.5 stars --- Service: 5 stars --- Atmosphere: 4.5 stars --- Price(value): 3.5 stars
1	Do not go here!!  Don't know what happened or why, but the service we got was horrendous, as was most of the food we ordered.  We started out with a sushi appetizer, the Hola roll, with salmon, tuna, spicy tuna and yellowtail.  It was the only good thing about the meal.  And it was the only order which came on time.  Then the waitress returned to take our orders.  We waited about 30 minutes, and then we flagged the waitress to ask for the food to be brought over, and she said it would be ready in 45 minutes.  We told her that was going to be too late, and soon  food was brought to the table.  However, things went from bad to worse.  Several guests did not receive any food, yet everyone got checks!  And an 18% gratuity was added on to the bill.  Of the food that did arrive, the stir fried beef was raw inside, not medium rare, RAW!  And the Dragon roll which was supposed to have spicy masago,had no masago, and the shrimp tempura tasted about a week old.  It was dry and the eel was just average.  It just wasn't worth the outing.
3	Just OK.I've been coming here for a few years now because it's so convenient.  Staying at the MGM Grand it is way too easy to just hop in here for a quick bite -- especially when you don't want to be pulled away from the craps or pai gow tables for too long.It's really not bad here, but nothing really to write home about.  It's a combination Chinese and Japanese restaurant which means they serve everything from combination fried rice and wonton soup to premium sushi cut rolls and sake.The food here is just average though.  Everything across the board is average.  The fried rice is average.  The rolls are average.  The Hainan chicken is average.  The service is average.  They don't staff very well here and don't be surprised if it takes 10-15 minutes just for them to come take your order.  Not to mention trying to get your food.  Don't come here if you're looking to get a quick bite -- happen not gonna.
5	Great food.  Eel was excellent as was the aloha roll.
5	Had dinner here Friday night.  The sushi rolls were excellent.  Also had the Uni Sashimi, best I've ever tasted.Highly recommended.
5	Enjoyed a great meal at The Grand Wok & Sushi Bar while staying at the MGM Grand.  Our server Annie was awesome!  To enjoy a great vegan meal, we had the pad thai w/o fish sauce and egg, avocado sushi rolls and per Annie's suggestion, a great spicy fried tofu dish.  Excellent food and wonderful service.  Would go back again for the exact same meal!
3	Three stars because this place is overpriced, otherwise it's all good. Any "gourmet" chinese food usually indicates a red flag in my head because chinese food wasn't meant to be gourmet. However, this place was full of Asian people and that's always a good sign.I ordered the appetizer trio, pan fried seabass and beef tenderloin with asparagus (see photos). I enjoyed everything and walked away satisfied. Dining here was a good alternative to our usual round of buffets and finer dining establishments (especially when you're craving chinese food).
4	Service here is great and some items are really delicious...but I still think this is a pretty pricey joint for chinese food.  I would give it 3 stars for the value/price and some not so great menu items, but I'm giving it 4 stars because I ate here twice in 2 days and I always left happy.The Dried Scallop and Duck "E" mein noodles are sooooo good.  It's a must try.  DO NOT get the pork belly.  It is NOT worth $9.  You get two buns stuffed with flavorless bbq pork.The Combination fried rice is really dry.The Vegas roll is ok...The red bean soup for dessert is good.
3	Some of the dishes here are not authentic and bland. It's as if they are scared to shock the white people's  palate with some real asian spice/flavor.Me and my bf/family always come here whenever we go to Vegas since it's convenient & cures your asian food craving, therefore i've tried quite a few dishes here. As with the sushi area, i only tried their spicy tuna handroll which is your standard handroll so not much to talk about.I don't remember everything i get but here are some dishes that i'd like to talk about that you should not getTom yum koong soup. It is nothing like the ones you get at the thai restaurants. The toppings are sure plentiful with fat shrimp but the broth itself is very bland with only a hint of lemongrass flavor and no spice to it. It also comes with noodles. I don't know why my friend always order like 3 of these at a time!! Vietnamese Spring Roll : I wanted something light and fresh so i ordered this and these are not the original viet fat spring rolls.There was like 6 pieces to the order and each piece is the size/diameter is the size of your finger....maybe a fat FINGER! i was basically eating rice paper.... what else.. what else... fried rice and pad thai is pretty standard... malaysian stirfried noodle tasted exactly like pad thai other than the fact that the malay noodles were round/thick.... The food is all pretty average and will get you by with your asian food craving other than the dishes i mentioned above.
3	3* food. 4* fun.After a long afternoon walking the strip, bearing the July heat, Sarah E. and I decided on a clean and refreshing sushi dinner for the night, especially after doing well and walking away with a little extra cash from a fun run at Pai Gow Poker.Sushi might not be the first thing to come to mind in the middle of the desert, but its Vegas.We stepped into Grand Wok & Sushi Bar rather than seek out the better-rated Shibuya (also located somewhere in MGM). The place was busy with people, though being a Tuesday evening, it seemed like everything was winding down a little early.The host was congenial, seating us at the [sushi] bar with a smile. While one member of the waitstaff brought by hot hand towels, our friendly waitress eagerly awaited our orders. First order of business, as ever; sake and beer.Browsing the menu, we ordered the Sea Dragon, Negihama, and Aloha rolls [ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ntfDRwVlUb3nmWdMdPjq0Q?select=w-AVf1Ie6e7VzXxR1KQtzw ] to accompany our sake/beer/sake/beer. The sushi itself isn't particularly rave worthy, but its decent in quality and quantity. The Aloha roll (Tuna, Yellowtail, Salmon - over spicy Tuna) satisfies, the Negihama (Yellowtail over scallion) is simple and clean, while the Sea Dragon dances on the tastebuds with both garlicky kick and sweet sauce.On food alone, Grand Wok/Sushi is okay, but the treat of the evening was sitting at the bar and watching the mastery of sushi-preparer Yoshi [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ntfDRwVlUb3nmWdMdPjq0Q?select=lidb5EFyc-cEwfsK-kq-hw ]; we sat there, watching in admiration, as he prepared order after order of sushi and sashimi. At the end of the evening, as Yoshi was preparing and order of glistening, fatty toro, he noticed our awe (drooly want!) and treated us to a couple of melt-in-your-mouth slices.Ending the evening on a high note and an unexpected morsel of fatty tuna goodness? Fourth star.________________________________________If you walk away from a table even, consider it a win.We walked away up...
2	We've eaten at the Grand Wok about four times.  This last trip to Vegas we went for dinner.  We weren't impressed with our choices.  Don't order the Orange Chicken!    The Spicy Tuna Roll was good.   Service can definitely be improved.   The place is pretty pricey.  Stick to sushi dishes and you'll be ok.
2	This was the 1st place to grab a bite when we got to Vegas.  We were planning a big dinner so just wanted a snack.  That's certainly what we got - not very large sushi rolls for $17.50 but at least we didn't overeat.  This is the problem I have....the sushi chefs were making different size sushi.  Eating at the bar, we observed the same seadragon roll that we ordered in a much larger size!  (fatter more fillings)  The roll was tasty but the real disappointment was the soft shell crab. It was burned and cold - probably had been prepared several hours earlier.  Have had much better in the burbs of San Diego.  Drinks are overpriced, but that's the norm at the casinos on the strip.  Service was really poor.  Compare this to the new Sea at Bally's and you are definitely better off at Sea.
4	I had a great meal here for my niece's birthday.  Loved the orange chicken, garlicky pot stickers, and lettuce wraps.  I've had much better beef low main though.  This place is a little pricey, but then again it is an upscale "strip" restaurant with nice decor and a cool open kitchen.  Will definitely eat here again.
1	I only ended up going here because I was in the mood for sushi at 12am on a Friday night, and this happened to be one of the few places open.  Little did I know that the sushi would be pretty damn expensive.  I mean, sure it was okay, but to double the price of sushi compared to other places?  That's just not cool.I should've held my appetite and gone somewhere else, personally.
5	This restaurant was a pleasant surprise.   Most of the time I find that the food places in casino's tend to be over priced and low on quality.   I had there dinner special that included a appetizer and entree.   The appetizer had Miso Soup, Vietnamese Summer Rolls with Shrimp and Cucumber Salad with Sesame Dressing.   The appetizer was good but nothing spectacular.   Then I ordered the Beef Tenderloin and Asparagus inBlack Pepper Sauce and this was one of the most delicious entree I had on my whole trip.   The beef was so tender and the flavor was outstanding.   It was not spicy or overly hot and the pepper sauce was good.  I eat a lot of chinese food and it was one of the best dishes I have ever had at a chinese restaurant.   My wife got the garlic shrimp fried rice and it was equally as good.   Next time I go we will get just rice and beef dishes.   Also the service was very good and the waitress was extremely nice.   Overall it was a excellent experience.
3	Dude, totally didn't realize how many lesboz are in Vegas. But they're like the totally stereotypical mullet-wearing, jean vest with ripped sleeves wearing, big arms type of galz. You know, have you seen that movie Monster with Christina Ricci and Charlize Theron? Well, that type.Am I seriously the only hot one? Hehe jk.Sushi's alright. But who pays $15-17 for a roll of fish?For that money, you can go to Oakland and get yourself someVVVVV
2	Don't go here. The food came out cold and was way overpriced. Cheaper and tastier meals are everywhere in Vegas, so don't give this place another thought. I would suggest going to Panda Express for a more authentic experience. Yes, Panda Express = More Authentic Experience.For a city filled with Asian gamblers, it was odd to see no other Asian person dinning at an Asian restaurant (always a big negative in my book). Maybe their frequent game play has given then enough comps to dine elsewhere, so I'll give this place the benefit of the doubt as far a demographically biased portion of my rating goes.I ordered the prix fixe menu where the main course was braised sea bass. The sea bass was more boiled than braised. It was texturally unappealing and had no flavor. The greens that accompanied it were overcooked and essentially dead. I really should have just gone to the food court....
4	I was craving some Asian food in between my poker playing at the MGM, so I walked into the Grand Wok a little before noon.  This was the swankiest Asian place I've ever eaten at, although considering I was in Vegas, it was probably about par.  Service was excellent.  I ordered some salt and pepper calamari to start.  The strong garlic flavor was welcome, but they must've used some frozen squid, because it was kind of chewy.  More importantly, where were my tentacles?!  The plate was filled with little rings, not one tentacle in sight.  boo.  The second dish I ordered was quite enjoyable.  I had the dried scallop, duck, and seafood e-mein.  All of the seafood (shrimp and scallops) were cooked perfectly, not overdone at all.  This was exactly what my stomach was craving.  After filling up with the yummy noodles, I was satisfied and had the energy to go attack the tables again.
1	Why did we even come here?? I must defend myself. It was at the MGM where we were staying and we were too lazy to leave the hotel. I must say...take your $$$ elsewhere. The service was slow and the food lacked flavor. I think my curry dish was nearly $30 and tasted like it came from a frozen bag from the grocery store. I'm not being harsh...I'm being honest! I also ordered a few sushi rolls and they were a joke. The raw fish looked sketchy and wouldn't even hold together on the plate. Ohh...and to top it off, my sister's noodle dish had a strand of hair in it. All in all... "EEEk! Methinks not" is an understatement.
1	The food was mediocre and expensive for what it is.  The pad thai barely resembled the pad thai that I know and love, and the sushi was average at best.  The service was horrendous.  We saw several tables around us receive their food before us, even though we were sat down well before them.
3	I should say 1 for service and 4 for food. Waitress was practically running around yet managed to avoid us for 10 minutes even though we were the biggest party in the room. Slow to take our order, even our drink order then she missed my fiance completely in taking his order. We wanted to share an appetizer but all she cared about was having our bill be together. After her taking care of a table full of women, I had to track her down so my fiance could even order food. Food came out fairly quickly for 9 people. Food was delicious but I agree that the calamari texture was more like rubber. Sushi was amazing. When it came time to pay, she handed out the bills quickly but took forever to pick them back up and to top it all off she forgot to pick up 2 bills for people in our group. Service sucks, food is great. So, I guess this is a "Pick your battle" place.
4	Dangerously expensive but OMG SO gooooood!  Their calamari is sweet and spicy and crunchy.  The sushi is just how you would want your sushi to taste and you get a good portion!  My boyfriend and I were staying the night in the hotel and stopped here for some sushi and spent like $80!!!  On two drinks, two orders of sushi, and a calamari appetizer.  So, it's a bit pricy but delicious if you're in Sin City and want to treat yourself to some good sushi.
4	Went to a business lunch here and it was good. Everyone seemed to order different things and we all finished our meals.  It's a little pricey for what you get but overall it was good.  The food tasted very clean and the service was just a little slow.  It seemed really clean and the atmosphere was nice.
1	ZERO!!!Came here at 9:40pm. The gal told me they were taking to go orders only but she they supposedly close at 10pm. Really? I wont be back. There's too many restaurants to choose from around here...
4	Rolls are on point. Red dragon roll is the ish. Sit at the sushi bar and let Tomo the sushi chef be your guide. He will not lead you astray. Only 4 stars because it's a bit more pricey than what I'm used to, despite the $$ rating. But still... Yum.
1	Over priced beer. Second rate food. Beer came after my appetiZer and main dish were delivered = poor service. What's to like? I'd go hungry before eating here again.
2	Well below average especially for the price. Maybe I'm spoiled in San Diego but this place was mediocre at best.
3	Okay food.  The reason this didn't get lower rating cause of location and casual atompshere.  I think a good place to hang with friends for a quick dinner before heading out.  Sushi was okay...not the best tasting.  Little over price but what isn't on the Strip.  If you're staying at the MGM and need Asian food...better to go to PEARL.
4	The prices are cheaper than anything else in the MGM Grand, but everything else is super expensive. I think this could have also passed if it were near some touristy area in nyc, but at least the food wasn't terrible. I did come here multiple times to get a quick bite of noodle soupy stuff before some shows and they were extremely nice. If you're in the MGM Grand and you don't have a car, I think this place is a safe bet.
2	If I could use the work "YUCK" to tell how back the food is here I would but simply don't it would do justice. Unfortunately we were in between lunch and dinner hours and most places I wanted to go to were closed. This was open but not too full. The service was somewhat slow and everyone seemed to be waiting while the staff cleaned. We ordered a handful of rolls and seafood fried rice. The sushi rice was pretty old. It was gummy and just didn't taste right. I felt very Gordon Ramsay ish after the first bite. I started ripping apart the dragon roll looking for something good. The fish was ok. Nothing special but nothing terrible. However I'd like to harp on the rice again. It was bad. I think had I ordered sashimi I'd have been fine. The fried rice wasn't too different from what you would get a "Panda...insert name" in a mall. It was greasy with very little seafood and what appeared to be frozen vegetables. I really should have just had drinks and waited for a place to open up. Oh well, I can say I was here.
2	I'm no sushi expert... well maybe...What I ate:Sake (salmon) nigiri 2 piece $8:50Alaskan Roll $13.00Cost:  Son Of A B*&$#!!! Expensive for no reason, except its in MGMQuality:  I could've bought some damn salmon from a store and made it myself and would be good as what I ate today.  Though, I might not prepare it right get myself food poison, but taste would be the same or better.Atmosphere is ok, somewhat contemporary.  I don't really care for this place and probably not... wait... I will definitely not go back there.I'm speechless for the how much i paid for the food that was... sub par.I was hoping for i would get really good sushi and some fire works for what i paid for.  AND their fatty tuna (toro) is $38.00 for two peices... overpriced?  overpriced is understatement.
5	This place was HELLA good why are people hating? The flat noodles we had were SUPER GOOD, the fish for sushi was ON POINT, & the sake was DELISH!
4	Las Vegas has some great dining, and it just keeps getting better. No matter where you stay, you are surrounded by the next venture created by that celebrity chef that you might see on TV, or by some kitschy type of eatery that lures you in, and in some cases, will disappoint you.I'm staying at the MGM Grand, and I'm surrounded by some FANTASTIC restaurants, Craftsteak by Tom Collichio, Joel Robuchon, and Seablue by Michael Mina. Sometimes, some of the OTHER great restaurants are often overshadowed by the great names. Last night I decided to take a chance on something new, and less "popular" if you will. I went to The Grand Wok & Sushi Bar.Outside, all you see is giant glass windows with a lot of tables. The inside has a really cool, contemporary design, paired with a great lively energy. This place is energetic, yet not too loud, which is a huge pet peeve of mine. The servers are very attentive, friendly, and fast. I mean really really fast.Our menu consisted of miso soup to start, followed by a red dragon roll and beef lo mein, and finished with the honey walnut shrimp. Of course we had an ice cold Kirin to wash it all down.Their miso soup was really good. In fact, it actually stood out to me from the rest that I've had. Usually, miso soup is just a salty broth with some tofu and seaweed. You know, that one thing that helps curb your monstrous appetite during that lengthy period from when you order the sushi until it hits your table. The miso at Grand Wok was really hearty, and lacked the massive salt infusion. The seaweed was of the highest quality, not paper thin, but had good substance.The red dragon roll was insanely good. I mean, how can you go wrong with tempura shrimp, spicy tuna, spicy masago, and eel sauce? The texture and the finish of eel sauce is what made this sushi amazing.The beef lo mein was another winner. Perfectly cooked spaghetti noodles with just the right balance of crisp veggies. The beef itself was a bit thicker than you would usually get for this dish. I liked very much.And now onto the winner of the evening, the honey walnut shrimp. OMG, this is a great dish. It's sweet, sour, crispy, and soft. This dish makes you want to abandon everything you're doing and become a Chinese chef so you can spend years on end perfecting this dish as they have. The shrimp were huge, and evenly coated with the honey sauce, served over a bed of microgreens and crisp, sweet roasted walnuts. When this hit my tongue, I just wanted to shove the entire dish in my mouth and chew for hours. Amazing!My conclusion of the evening is that sometimes when you're in Las Vegas, you may just have to take that chance and choose one of the less-popular joints. You never know, you may stumble upon that hidden gem.http://www.pleaseaddbacon.com/2011/05/the-grand-wok-las-vegas-review/
1	I'll never eat here again.  The sushi was cold, the rolls didn't taste good and the service sucked.  I ordered 4 different rolls, ate only one of each, told the server I didn't like any of them, and she just laughed - but would not take them off the bill despite me not eating anything further.  Also extremely over-priced.  There are plenty of great places to eat sushi in Vegas - this is NOT one of them.
3	Typical for an Asian restaurant in Las Vegas, mediocre and expensive.The pad thai was a little too greasy and not too much flavor in my opinion.  The Mandarin Beef Noodle Soup was not spicy at all and the beef was not that great.
2	Gotta give this one just two stars. I had the sushi and was pretty unimpressed. It was just passable. Ok, but nothing great. The tuna was SO not spicy, just somewhat bland and dry. And the salmon nigri didn't taste too fresh. In addition, the service was pretty unattentive and slow, and they put the check down before asking us if we needed anything else. I always feel like they want you out of there when they do that, but that's ok. I gladly left. And I won't be back. I was happier with Todai at the Puente Hills mall back in So. Cal.
5	Pad Thai!!!!!!!  Excellent service, wonderfully delicious food, and beautiful decor!  Green tea ice cream was a great finish to a fab meal!  I can't wait to get back!  Worth every penny!  $80 for 2 included fresh sushi, pad Thai, seafood clay pot, and dessert for 2 with tip!
3	Trying to find decent priced food in Vegas on the strip, is not easy. The grand wok however, happily satisfied our cravings and our budget this weekend. We ordered pad thai, and two different sushi rolls, split between two people and still had left overs, so sharing is perfect and wont break the bank either! I give it 3 stars, because the service was just okay, we had to track our waiter down a few times, because I didnt have a napkin, we needed water... normal stuff. The food however is worth stopping by.
3	Has always been my favorite place to go every time we go to vegas.  The green bean dish, jumbo garlic prawns, and especially the roast duck is my biggest favorite.  The roast duck was always moist and glazing.  However, this trip, it was a disappointment, roast duck was dry and super salty and the green beans too chewy - hence the 3 stars. However, I will still come back to this place when I visit again.
4	Located in the MGM near the cafe. My friends and I came here after just missing 'Wichcraft. First glance at the menu would have you reeling at the prices they charge for Chinese food and make most people go down to Chinatown. Instead of changing venues, we decided on this idea of portion control. Letting the prices persuade us to eat a smaller meal and do another meal later on. We started with the Aloha Roll ($14.95). It consists of a spicy tuna center wrapped with yellow tail, salmon, and tuna. The roll was delicious, but not something you couldn't get at any other sushi joint in Las Vegas. That was ok, because the next two dishes were both delicious. The macadamia nut beef strips over noodles ($19.95) was something new that none of us have ever seen before. The meat was so tender and moist. The nuts gave a good contrasting texture to an otherwise singular dish. Then the eggplant in Szechuan sauce ($9.95) was everyone's favorite dish. The sauce was the stand out ingredient. You could toss anything in it and I would probably eat it. The portions are nothing compared to what you would get in Chinatown, but if you have a craving for Chinese on the strip, this is probably the more reasonable of choices.
4	We came to the Grand Wok for dinner before hitting the clubs at my bachelorette party. We had a party of 6 with no reservation (they only take reservations for very large parties) and got a table right away. The place has a great atmosphere, and was a little quiet when we were there, which was nice b/c we could actually all have a conversation. We each ordered different sushi rolls, which we all pretty average price wise. Most rolls ran around $12-$18 which was great for the size of the rolls and the ingredients. I had the Red Dragon roll and it was sooo yummy! Actually all of the rolls were great and everyone in our party was super happy with what they ordered. We also shared an order of Orange Chicken, which didn't come with rice (weird) and was tasty but had a different texture than Orange Chicken i've had before... a little weird, but not bad. We also ordered the Combination Fried Rice which had all kinds of goodies in it like lobster, shrimp, pork, chicken... basically all the meats you can think of... it was super tasty but it was way over priced, $18 for a plate of rice that might not even fill up one person :( Or bill for 6 came to around $170 which is pretty great for sushi on the strip! Service was prompt and the food was delish! I would recommend it to anyone looking for a great place to grab sushi w/ out breaking the bank!
3	Food was fine...not great.  Avoid the pad Thai as it was flavorless. Sweet and sour chicken was good. Sushi was fine. With all the other options in Vegas, I wouldn't need to return to this place.
5	Have enjoyed this place 3 times. Everything me and party had each time was great!Sort of an Americanized Asian joint. If you ask me, I prefer it. It's clean!It's Vegas, so the prices are very fitting. Service was a bit slow, being a Sat nite that we came.Think of this place as a PF Chang's with more flavor to the food.
4	Definitely an upgrade from PF Changs! I had the orange chicken in some sherry sauce and it was fabulous. The wife had the Nasi Goreng and said it was better than at several Indonesian restaurants we've tried. I ordered a Tsing Tao beer and got a $12 giant size one that I couldn't finish. Service was excellent.
1	Went here with two friends over the weekend because I was craving sushi...what a DISAPOINTMENT!!!!YUCKK TO EVERYTHING WE TRIED!!!I cannot understand how there were only 3-4 other tables full in this place and the service was still slow.We sat at our table and opened the little jar and the soy sauce was completely empty,our waiter swapped it with another table and didn't say sorry or anything.OK!We ordered 3 rolls and one pad thai sprimp:Sushi rolls:The rice was soooo dry and disgusting I wish I would have just ate at McDonalds no joke!!!The tempura shrimp in each roll was so hard and not crispy like how it should be you could taste that it was either made yesturday or at 5am today Blaahhh so gross!!Will NEVER return or recommend to others in vegas!
4	We got the mongolian beef and panfried flat noodle dishes and they were great. If you're looking for some chinese food and don't want to spend all that much this is a great spot. We didn't get a chance to try their sushi but I would definitely come back again.Although its in the MGM and you expect it to be expensive, I didnt think it was that bad and the portions were very big. The service was really friendly and seated us quickly.
2	Caterpillar roll BBQ eel and Hass avocado, honey walnut shrimp and combination fried rice, Vietnamese shrimp pho.  Pricey for so so food.  Suggest going to Sushi Fever or Sushi Tower and Steakhouse.
1	The waiter here sucks can't even understand her, my order came in wrong , they charge for extra lettuce.  It took forever for them to take our orders it was a slow night and service stinks here.   The menu has changed Horrible service
5	We actually ate here twice during our stay.  It was awesome both times.  The sushi is really fresh and the service is great.  I highly recommend :)
2	The Tom Yum noodle was pretty good and flavorful. Everything is over priced. I asked for some extra lettuce leaves for the Lettuce Wrap appetizer just so that I can finish all the fillings that came with it. Found out later that I got charged $1 for four tiny leaves. Oh well, this is to be expected for the restaurants in the big hotel anyway.
3	Decent but inconsistent. I have been here a few times and some dishes are good and some not so much.  Of course it is over-priced but it's vegas.We had the lychee martini and it was way too strong and had to get ice to drink it.  The pepper beef was VERY spicy and very tasty.Sushi was good too.  Not a bad place if you want something fairly quick but not fast food and you don't want to spend $100 per person.
2	I was a little dissapointed with this place. I had sushi and it didn't really have a whole lot of flavor. My friends tried some other dishes and weren't really impressed. The one thing that we (the whole table) enjoyed was the Salt and Pepper Calimari. Probably the best I have ever had. For the price the quality of food could/should have been better.
1	WORST RESTURANT I WENT ON MY WHOLE TRIP! I wanted so badly to have a serious chat with the manager at the end of my meal but didn't see the point like it would change anything.. so here's the scoop on this waaaay overpriced dollar strip mall Chinese food spot. I had the black pepper beef, my girl had the pad thai, we both had a diet coke... total bill including tip.. $80. The black pepper beef tasted good, but there were huge (steak fry size) chunks of chewy beef and ton of pea pods. The beef was tough and chewy too bite through, and no knife was provided to cut it... so im sitting there chewing like cow to eat this huge hunk of meat that I can't bite through. Portion size wouldn't fill a panda express two item combo Styrofoam box but the price was large enough to buy 4 of them. Her pad thai was soggy and flavorless. I live minutes from north Hollywood where there's a Thai restaurant ever half mile. The waiter did do a good job and kept the drinks full and was nice, not his fault the food was crap. Oh, and in this fancy upscale overpriced restaurant the lady sitting next to us was straight blowing her nose like she had the flu every 15 minutes.. Disgusting, and not very classy.IN MY OPINION: A complete waste of money! Do not go here! Spend half as much for twice as much food at pf changs or something.. grand wok is hella wacked!
4	Pros:Vegetarian friendlyGood selection of sakeGreat ambienceQuality non greasy foodPrompt serviceFair pricingNeutral:If you are seated at the sushi bar, it can get noisyCould have waiting time
2	I thought that it was pretty good, but it was really expensive for the portions sizes that you got.I got some of the generic sushi varieties because I didn't want to chance it before seeing a show, and I would have to say that I could have gotten the same (if not better) at a hole in the wall joint off the strip.  It was average and the only difference was the plate it was served on.I do not think that I will be going again unless it is for entertainment purposes on the strip.
2	My friend and I came here last Saturday, 2/18/2012, for a late night snack because we were waiting for taxi traffic to die down after a show at the MGM Grand and I was craving soup. The place was very clean, but the thing I liked the most was being able to people watch through the large windowed walls. Both the hostess and server were both really friendly. Our server was a sweet older Asian lady that made me enjoy my time there, but she was a bit hard to understand at times.The steamed pork dumplings were soft and had a sweet flavor to it rather than savory. The Aloha roll was okay. The spicy tuna had a nice kick to it, but the quality of sushi was just okay. There were too many sesame seeds on the roll that it overpowered the other flavors. The wonton soup was half egg noodles and the other half was wontons, which was to my surprise. I really liked the fact that there were so many wontons which tasted okay. The broth had a light flavor to it and was just okay. Their chili garlic sauce that I added had a really spicy with a nice garlic aftertaste. On a side note, the silly thing I liked here was the double sided chopsticks.Overall, the server was nice and attentive. The food was just okay: the portions were okay and it had flavor but just nothing to brag about. Although I would not recommend the sushi at all. Please keep in mind you're paying more for the convenience fee of having Americanized Asian food right on the strip. So this was fast, convenient, helped kill time, and was actually better than I was expecting. However, I don't think I would come here again.
4	We went here last minute before a concert at the Arena and the whole place was packed with people.  We waited only 20  minutes with no reservation and were a party of 2 seated overlooking the casino floor.  We were packed in there and were really close to the tables next to us, but used it as an opportunity to talk to new people and compare what they ordered and how they liked it.  Everyone was friendly.Service was fast and the drinks were always refilled even though the place was completely full.  Our waitress was great.  We had the dim sum and the some sushi and loved all of it.  It was fresh and fast.  We had the Philadelphia Roll and the Sea Dragon roll.  It was just the right amount for 2 people and we were not disappointed.  We both agreed we would go back.  It cost around $35 each with drinks, but found that price to be comparable to other restaurants.On a side note, the Shibuya was empty and yet they told us it would be a 45 minute wait to sit at the bar.  I'm so glad they turned us away because I think we had a better meal and experience at The Grand Wok.
1	Poor customer service. Big plates, small portions.Texture of the beef didn't seem right - it was like chewing fake meat.Pork tasted like duck.Worst experience was seeing a piece of foil in our beef platter. We should've walked around MGM more.
1	WORST resturant i went on my whole trip!!!!!!!!! Poor customer service, after having an appetizer my roll never came and I had to tell my waitress who told me I should have reminded her my roll never came...the roll it looked all dried out and dull, and it had this really awful smell. Kind of like when you use way too much detergent in washing your tupperware, put your food in the tupperware, and then your food ends up smelling like a mix of plastic tupperware and detergent. The waitress was a hostile listener. She never came to check on us. Every time we asked her for something she totally looked frustrated.This place is a pass. I will never, never return.
3	A solid average Asian food place.   We got some beef fried rice and Tom Yum soup and it was all pretty standard fare.   Would never go out of our way to eat here but if happened to be right there at the MGM and craved Chinese food, might give it another try.
3	One of my fave places to eat because i know its always good. The sushi rolls are always good and fresh. Decently priced for a hotel. I got the fried rice as well but that was only ok. Their duck was good but nothing id get again since i can get it anywhere in chinatown for a lot cheaper. My go to place when i want to eat and am craving Asian food without leaving the hotel.
4	The service was great! The food was good, but not great.
4	This review is based on the only 2 items I've tried from this restaurant.My husband and I got a take out order of Char Siu Bao (bbq pork bun) and vegetable fried rice. The Char Siu Bao was very very good! I haven't got such a good one in a very long time! The bun was soft and warm. The char siu (bbq pork) and the sauce inside was good. It was as good as what I used to have when I was a child in HK. The fried rice was good too. It didn't come out greasy at the bottom, and the rice was in good texture. It was jasmine rice too. The rice wasn't too hard or too soft. It's way better than what I get in Honolulu. I normally don't eat much fried rice (because most places don't make a good one), but this fried rice was just so good that I can break my rule and eat more fried rice. I know the price is expensive at this place if you compare to the price in China Town. But good Chinese food does worth more money. Not all Chinese food has to be cheap and not all cheap Chinese food can give you satisfaction. I don't mind to pay the price at Grand Wok to have such a good Char Siu Bao and fried rice. I am not eating there every day anyway. I only do it once in a while and it's worth to pay more to have a higher quality of taste.
3	This place is nothing special but got a bite to eat here, last minute before heading to a show. The service was fine, atmosphere was ok and the food was good.  I think my bill was around $20. Not bad for Vegas.
4	After trying this place for a second time during lunch, I found the food to be considerably better. I didn't order the sushi rolls and instead ordered Kung Pao Chicken and was pleasantly pleased.
2	Easily, among the worst sushi I've ever had at a restaurant. Sushi was dry and bland. The Mongolian Beef was decent, but nothing to write home about. I expect to pay a little more at the big name Vegas casinos, but  I also expect the food to be pretty good and The Grand Wok didn't make the cut for me. The waiter was attentive, friendly, and probably the only thing keeping me from giving this place one star. Overall, if your total bill is going to be $80 for a relativity  small lunch and two beers, your going to have to do better than that.
5	Huge selection and excellent sushi. I highly recommend the garlic shrimp sashimi!  Well worth the price.
4	I have stayed at the MGM several times and this was the first time I checked this place out.  The sushi was delicious and the service was just as good.Highly recommend this place!
4	About what you'd pay for sushi at most big cities across the map; 15 sushi rolls to choose from & then an even bigger selection of your normal Asian fusion fare. We only got sushi but the meals served all around us really looked good.  Best sushi roll for us was the Dragon roll with BBQ eel...completely and unexpectedly amazing.  The Crunchy roll was also excellent.  Drinks were of course your $10 minimum so we only got two.  Total bill for two drinks, 3 sushi rolls and a cucumber salad to start (also very good) was about $40 a person. Again, decent price for Vegas compared to all the either super pricey places to eat at.  I'd go back.
4	The price is a bit high for what you get, but the tastes of the Chinese noodles were right on. Also tried the sea dragon roll which was pretty good, still a tad overpriced. If you are not willing to get out and drive to china town (rather close to the strip actually) then this is a pretty good place to get some authentic good Chinese food and sushi. It was also a nice view in the back overlooking the casino floor.
3	Duck n beef soy noodle. tasty
5	One of the best chinese food on Vegas strip! great quality! I never tried the Japanese dishes but I am sure they are just as good as the Chinese. Try this place and you will like it!
1	I got food poisoning here last week ... and the MGM has been less than helpful in recovering the costs of having to change my travel plans, etc.  I have never been so sick.
5	In the MGM early to see the KA show, we wanted to get some Vegas sushi and stopped here.  Here's how we did....We pulled in about 1 hour before the show started.  I told the server that we only had 40 minutes and that we were seeing the show.  She said no problem and that she'd put a rush order on the food.  I ordered 2 California hand rolls and the combo fried rice.  MDC ordered a salad.  The place was PACKED.  The hostess was nice, the servers were nice, shit...even the customers were nice.  This place had an amazing vibe.  About 5 minutes after we placed our order the hand rolls came out.  Now that's a rush order!  They were so tasty!  Less than 5 minutes?  That's rush service.  Less than 5 minutes after that the fried rice and the salad came out.  I loved the plates.  I forget what they looked like but I remember having a conversation about how much I liked them.  The fried rice had lobster, shrimp, chicken and even had some duck.  I love fried rice and this was superb.  MDC devoured her salad and even snuck a bite of my Cali-Cone.  Although we rushed, teh service was nice and food was good.  I loved my half hour here.Will I again?  I would say yes but there are so many options that we will probably never be back.  Toots!
1	Terrible food and service. Every dish was disgusting and the staff ignored us continuously.
5	Super friendly and attentive service. And the meal was so awesome. Everything we ordered was fresh and wonderful. DO NOT MISS!
4	I wasn't so keen on trying this place, as sushi seems to be everywhereee, but parents decided to press on and try it. There was a wait, even at 8:30/9 pm, a mere hour before closing time! We had to wait about 20-30 minutes D:  But, good thing - they give you a buzzer that allows at least, for you (those over 21) to go sit at a nearby slot machine while you wait. It was busy, and our waitress was so rarely seen. We had to constantly keep an eye out for her, because she was MIA a lot. This restaurant is posh, and nice. Dark interior, with bamboo pillars. I liked it! It was a nice atmosphere for a reasonably-priced-for-vegas restaurant. We got the hainam chicken with rice, a shrimp tempura roll, a spicy cali roll, and tuna shashimi. Damn, that was expensive! $13 for two pieces of raw tuna on rice !! Wow. My dad didn't like it much, but then again, he is spoiled ;P The rice for the chicken was soggy, which was weird. There were all kinds of sauces on the side, which were all yummy. It also came with a small bowl of some sort of broth that was tasty. Our sushi rolls were about $11-13 each but they came in at least 6 - 8 pieces. They were delicious! I'm very picky with sushi, but these were, without a doubt, perfect! The rice had a great texture, and they were very flavorful. We did have to order more food, though, as it wasn't enough. We got the wok fried noodles with udon and XO sauce. It had a kick to it with its spice, and the udon noodles gave it a tweak to normal wok fried noodles. It was deliciously unique, having firm yet still soft udon noodles! They had lots of bite to it. Overall, yummy! It's a bit pricey, but what can you expect from a restaurant inside a casino? If you want cheaper(ish) asian food, go to spring mountain road in chinatown (it's not that far!).However, this place is worth it. Definitely coming again when I'm in Vegas, and craving sushi.
3	This restaurant is generally good service and flavorful food.  At times, the service can be a little slow or mechanical.The last meal that I had was flavorful and delicious.  We started off with the shrimp dumplings with bamboo shoots.  The dumplings were very pretty to look at.  There were four dumplings to the order and the plate was oversized, making them seem smaller.  They were served hot and were tasty.  The waitress commented that she liked the hot sauce so she brought it out and put it near my non gringo friend.  I moved it over to my side, and true to form, it was delicious.  My friend burnt his tongue on the spiciness of it when he tried a little.We also had the shrimp fried rice and the beef with broccoli.  The fried rice was average, and the shrimp were plump and moist.  A little more ginger would have gone a long way.  The garlic shaved over the top was delicious. And appreciated.The beef was tender.  Melt in your mouth tender.  I don't know how they make meat that tender, but a friend of mine said it was corn starch.  If it is, you may want to invest in corn starch futures when I start cooking.  The sauce was comforting.  It imparting a delicious flavor to it.  Not too salty.  The broccoli was Chinese broccoli.  It was leafier than what I have typically had, but it was flavorful, and I am sure it was better than regular American broccoli.Did I mention that I ordered dessert?  We had the sorbet trio.  A scoop of coconut sorbet, a scoop of raspberrysorbet, and a scoop of mango sorbet.  Or at least on the night I went.  The coconut tasted like coconut, the mango tasted like mango (and had a piece or two of dried mango and some pineapple on top), and the snozzberry definitely did not taste like snozzberry.  Actually, the raspberry sorbet had a very flowery flavor.  It tasted like perfume.  Or Bigelow tea.  So, I asked our server, "Hey.  What makes this taste like perfume?  Or Bigelow tea?"  She responded that the chef used rose water when making the raspberry sorbet.  It immediately became more palatable to me.  Pricy, but you are on the Strip.
4	I'm always nervous to try a new sushi place, but I must say, I was pleasantly surprised with this one. I ordered a hot noodle dish which was delicious, as was our sushi appetizer. It does get crowded and noisy, but food came out within 10 min of ordering. Waitress was very helpful in choosing a delicious light sake from their extensive sake menu.  Would return again, good food for the $.
3	I'd return to the Great Wok. We tried many plates:Appetizers:- Kim Chi $8 - delicious, but insanely overpriced- Edamame $8 - insanely overpriced, normal edamame- Pot stickers $12 - insanely overpriced, but delicious- Lettuce Chicken Wraps $13 - deliciousMeal:- Chicken was good- The steak/meat was the best by far - insanely tender- Walnut Prawns - big fan, we loved theseOverall, $180 for 4 people. The food was quite delicious I must say. I'd definitely return to this place. It's a bit pricey for lunch, but overall decent Asian cuisine in Vegas.
5	The service and food quality will bring us back. Are the employees busy? YES-Prices a little steep? YES....you are at the Las Vegas Nevada MGM Grand Hotel on the Strip so  what do you expect.....order ahead take out is best and hit that fried Chilean sea bass
4	Service was quick.Calamari was really good, but got salty towards the end.But the Aloha & Sea dragon roll were amazing :D
5	We ate here TWICE in the week we were in Vegas. The Sushi is HUGE and the other noodle dishes would feed two. The wife and I ordered a couple Sushi rolls and one regular entree and we were stuffed! Appetizers were a little pricey so we stayed away from those. Service was PERFECT! Red Dragon Roll and Crunchy Rolls were AMAZING!If you like Sushi and Noodle dishes this is the place to go in Vegas!!!
3	Good service & good food.  The only reason why i didn't give them a higher rating because of the prices.  Wish it was more affordable.
4	After me and my friends decided to stay inside MGM grand for dinner, we passed by this restaurant and thought and we are going to try it.  This restaurant is a fusion of chinese, indonesian, japanese, singaporean food.  I ordered the hainanese chicken rice for my dinner and my friends ordered indonesian friend rice and sushi.  I LOVE the indonesian friend rice here because it brings back my memory when i still living back in indonesia. The taste is exactly or similar to the taste back home.  i also love the hainanese chicken rice although it tastes a little bit different from what i had before.  The hainanese chicken rice came in a plate filled with soup, chicken, garlic rice, soycause, and hot chili.  i think the chicken could have been tastier and more flavor.  Overall, the experience was really good.
4	I found this place while searching for sushi venues in Vegas as we are both sushi fans and definitely wanted to get some sushi dining in during our stay.  This was probably one of our most favorite dining experiences of the trip.  It had such a nice, warm atmosphere that created a wonderfully romantic dining experience.I notice a lot of commentary about the prices, but it is Vegas, and this is in one of the main hotels on the Strip (although I thought the MGM Grand seemed a bit run down at the time).  At any rate - the service seemed fine, and our server was super sweet and cordial.  The food came out as planned with exception to one roll, which was missed.  I don't recall everything we ordered but can guarantee a philly roll was involved if it was on the menu.Overall - the food tasted great and service was excellent.  We really enjoyed our dinner and was probably one of the most memorable of the trip.  Will definitely return if we ever go back to Vegas in the near future.
4	Rock Shrimp Pad Thai was soo good! I'm always worried I"ll get gypped on shrimp but they were good size and plenty enough for the large plate of noodles! Service was good and I think prices were reasonable for Vegas. $20 for a large shrimp pad thai, when it's normally a minimum of $16 and not the same quality shrimp. Went on a Friday night around 8:30 not too bad of a wait, and were able to get a party of 12 out within a little over an hour. I will definitely go back when I hit Vegas in the summer.
4	Came here for Valentines day dinner, the spicy California sushi roll  was delicious and not too spicy for me. The steamed pot stickers are perfection.  We also had the garlic fried rice.  I wasn't a big fan of the rice but the shrimp that came with the rice was full of flavor and cooked perfectly.  Service was quick and waiters are very friendly.  For being inside a Vegas casino the restaurant was reasonably priced.   They are located in the MGM Grand Casino and since we were going to the KA Cirque du Soleil show that evening, this is the perfect location only steps from the theater.  We will definitely go there again.
1	I can't speak for their cooked menu but the sushi is a disgrace here. I tried the most expensive roll - Las Vegas Roll for $18. It had no Nigiri and was full of imitation crab meat and what tasted like canned tuna.  My only mistake was finishing the roll instead of sending it back and walking away.  Manager offered no refund after I complained.  I'm literally astonished that they present this as upscale Sushi.
3	We had just finished some golf and a sushi lunch was on the line.  We had the calamari, garlic shrimp fried rice and pork bao which were all good.  The sushi was average: salmon, yellowtail and tuna all lacked flavor and freshness.  I would not get the sushi but the chinese food was good.      With a couple of bottles of sake it turned out to be quite the pricey meal.
2	I won't give it a 1 because the food was edible however it was VERY tasteless/bland and over priced. We paid $100 for a sushi roll, 1 noodle dish and a poultry dish with steamed rice and 2 sodas. NEVER AGAIN.
4	One word to describe what this place made me feel: Happy. I felt happy draining out the bowl of miso soup they served me. Lots of fun stuff in it, and definitely very tasty. I wanted more. I was happy getting my plate of Red Dragon and Sea Dragon rolls. Crunchy, yummy goodness! I also tried their Las Vegas roll. I was on the edge of food coma. The hot tea was the bomb. It washed away all the uneasiness in my mouth and palate. It's a sushi joint that really got me hooked. My husband and I went back for more fusion, and we tried their combination fried rice as well as spicy orange chicken. Of course, we again had their hot tea. Great tasting, energy booster! Why is this place too far from home? I want more of it. Maybe, during my next trip to Vegas. P.S. Why less one star? Because it's too expensive. I need to win one of the slot machines first. Well, it's Vegas...
4	Went for a quick bite and beer.  We ordered the pork pot stickers and the Rainbow roll. Pot stickers were yummy, but they served 5 instead of 6 so they could be shared equally. The rainbow roll had Atlantic salmon, avocado and cream cheese (my date's favorite ingredients and it was very fresh and the rice was perfect.  The wasabi   and ginger were also very fresh. The waiter was extremely attentive without being bothersome. Decor was very nice.
2	I'd avoid the place unless you're strictly looking for sushi.  They have a nice staff and an authentic wok grill, but they come short o delivering flavor.  The sushi is great, which can only afford them a few breaks since they prepare it, but nature made the flavor.  The Lo Mein is dismal.  Greasy, fatty, broken noodles, generally in appealing.  I made it through 3 sticks full and gave up -  even after adding bowl of sriracha.  MGM needs to re-evaluate of they want this place tied to their name or just trim it to what they're good at -- sushi; lose the wok.I actually tried this place twice, both at corporate events where a few of set aside some time to have some private dinner.  BOTH experiences were practically identical.  Good sushi, very poor entrees.  Teh Lettuce wraps were pretty good; but i wouldn't Recommend going much above the Sushi and Apps.
1	Worst service ever. Started off with apps quickly and then the food didn't arrive for over an hour with no apologies and the hot dishes were cold. We watched them sit under the hot lamps for 20 minutes and asked what the status was Don't bother with this place.
3	This review is long overdue, so I'm glad I took notes. My husband (who was only my boyfriend at the time) and I went here while we were in Las Vegas last December. I was in the mood for sushi and he wanted Chinese, so it was the perfect choice. I ordered the Spicy Tuna roll and the Crunchy roll. Both were good, but the Crunchy roll was better. My husband ordered the Orange Chicken and I was pleasantly surprised by it. I'm not one to order it as my entree, but I'm always willing to give it a try. Their version of this dish isn't breaded, which I love. It's flavorful and the serving was quite generous. I would recommend this dish here. As far as sushi is concerned, there are many other places you can go for better sushi.
2	Very overpriced Asian food at the MGM Grand on the Strip. Worse, the quality of the food was entirely average. By my standards, a disappointment. If I'm going to pay double what the food is worth, it should be at least as good as most restaurants of the same type, not inferior.
3	We came to lunch here twice.The first time, we ordered the fried rice, eggplant and chinese roast pork (char siew). The egg plant was very well done, we absolutely loved it. The fried rice was too dry, it might be because they were not using the right grains. The roast pork was pretty average and too dry. We told the waiter we were in a rush and asked about the waiting time for the food. He assured us that the food would come very fast, and so we decided to order Chinese food instead of some simple sushi rolls. We waited about 15min for the food, which really felt like forever, but I guess is a rather reasonable time :SThe second time, we ordered the fried calamari, hainanese chicken rice, and steamed sea bass. The fried calamari was very well done. The batter was tasty and the calamari chewy and soft. The sea bass was just slightly overcooked in my opinion, but this could be my personal preference. The hainanese chicken rice was disappointing for me. Being a Singaporean tasting this Singaporean dish, I had high expectations for it. The chicken, sauces and soup were ok, but the rice was wrong :( The real chicken rice served rice cooked with chicken oil and pandan leaves. This one replaced it with coconut milk rice instead. I guess it could still work, but I'm not a fan of coconut milk rice at all, so I didnt quite enjoy it :( If you're interested in overpriced but decently ok Chinese food, this could be the place for you.
3	Solid variety of options, on the pricey side. We had sushi, chicken lettuce wraps, and a shrimp noodle dish. The food was good, but not quite authentic the way pan-asian places often are.
2	We understood that this was a casual place but honestly thought the food was going to be better. My two girlfriends and I decided to stop in for a late night bite before we headed to Hakkasan.My friends and I can say that we've had our fair share of sushi in Chicago, and at times are probably spoiled by the quality we receive there. However sushi at Grand Wok & Sushi Bar at the MGM was very difficult to enjoy. Most of the rolls we ordered were not flavorful and bland. Unsure if it was the type of fish they were using or the ingredients. Out of the 3 rolls we ordered only 1 was halfway palatable. Honestly, out of all we ordered the one thing that was worth our effort to eat was the Kung Pao Chicken. Very Delicious. If you go to The Grand Wok & Sushi Bar keep in mind that it is a quick place to grab a bite. Stay away from the sushi and stick with the chicken or beef bowls.
5	The best! Both food and service were wonderful.
3	The sushi was great and the other dishes at the table were also very good. The Shrimp Pad Thai however lacked any flavor at all.
3	Had dinner here and the service was really quick. Started with the lettuce cups and of course they don't give you enough lettuce, but it was very good. Moved onto the seafood noodle dish which was a hit, then Mongolian beef. The beef was super tender and well seasoned.  The Hainese chicken rice sucked and that's why they lost another star. Didn't try the sushi or the Thai food, but would def come back.
2	I got the Beef Ramen to go. The wait wasn't too long and the restaurant did seem too packed for a Sunday morning. But the ramen was really bland. I didn't really like much about it other than it was hot and I was in need of some comforting soup. It was however, definitely pricey; I believe my total for my to-go ramen was $18.WTH? I was completely disappointed with the lack of quality since the rolls that they were making while I was waiting for my food, looked SO GOOD! Maybe I should have ordered a roll instead. The restaurant however is roomy and clean. It would be unfair to rate them one star since the only thing I tried was the ramen. But I wasn't too impressed in their service either.
4	great vibe here!Food: 4 starsService: 4 starsLychee martini to start off our night-- good choice! refreshing and strong martini, good amount of sweet.We got some sashimi, a chicken lettuce wrap (so good) and a roll (alaskan?). Bf also got a miso soup. I didn't note down the prices since I wasn't the one paying :P but everything was well done. Chicken lettuce wrap had hot filling fresh off the wok and not too salty at all. Sashimi came in large, juicy and fresh pieces, I was definitely satisfied. The roll was mediocre but put together pretty well. Finished dinner with a mochi dessert. The fresh fruits were great, mochi ice cream was just ok. Overall, I say this is one of the best 'expensive-chinese' foods in vegas.
4	My gf LOVES this place and insisted we go here for the Asian dishes. It actually was really good! Since we were staying at the MGM, we were super lazy to go anywhere for food, so just went downstairs and this place was here. She went here often with her family and said it was good, so we decided to go here! Like all restaurants in Vegas any Asian restaurant will price up their asian dishes. Since I am Asian, I know that these noodle dishes should be a lot cheaper, especially because it is so easy to make....BUT the quality is actually a lot better considering you're paying double the amount. We went with the: Dragon Roll: Yes this Asian place not only offers a bunch of noodle dishes, but sushi as well! The rolls were so thick! I like it like that and I love when the unagi pieces are thick too so you can actually taste the eel. The ingredients on this roll were so packed that it tastes so delish with the Teriyaki sauce. Beef Rice Noodle: Basically Beef Chow Fun. Yes it was oily, but it tastes so awesome! Loved the soy sauce flavor all over it and the fresh cut beef. Good place to eat at !
4	We ate here after seeing Ka and had a great meal! The fried rice was wonderful and we also had some great sushi here. The price was great too for the amount of food we got! We will definitely come back if we stay at MGM again.
2	OK, so I didn't die from food poison so that's a win, I'm putting 2 stars because the price was pretty insane for what you get. $12 for a california / salmon avocado role-- are you kidding me?!Maybe the other fusion dishes are a better deal but I was dying for sushi and it was the closest place that was actually open.Ok, so back to the price, I suppose that price is fair, we're in a desert.Let's say I'm just to used to west coast pricing and sure, the fish is from extremely far away, that is NO excuse for $8 edamame! EIGHT DOLLARS. We're already helping them churn a profit on drinks, marking up edamame like that is insane, all one has to do for 'perfect edamame' is boil little pods or even microwave them in hot water! There is zero culinary skill required to make edamame. Sorry for the rant, it's actually quite funny. That is double the price of the most expensive, 5 star restaurant I've been to. Heck, in some places it's free. Then I went to the NY NY Hotel the next day, also expensive but during lunch hours you can get buy 2 get 1 free roles. Still high and a bit small but I was definitely satisfied after gorging myself on all of that. Pros that make it 2 stars:Open all dayWait staff was nice, if you like nice asian people they have that hereThe ginger was just rightOther things to note: I'm from the pacific northwest / west coast, you probably can't beat that sushi but if you are too you should consider this review. If not, feel free to ignore it and check out the other ones.
3	The summer rolls were average the vegetable dumplings were incredible.  The braised eggplant was very good and the chicken lo mein was extremely tasteless. We ordered the three sorbet trio  the coconut was incredible the raspberry was very good and the pineapple was disappointing. it was like a solid ball ice
2	I seriously think they generate the prices here by rolling a pair of dice and simply marking down the resulting numbers.A couple of gems from our recent trip included four steamed shrimp dumplings for $15 and a chicken and salted fish fried rice for $24.  Take a moment and let those numbers sink in. Then check the website of the MGM where this is listed as one of the quick casual eateries in the hotel.  There's nary a beer under $12, so an app, beer and entree of modest composition will put you over $50 before tax and tip.  Please don't misjudge me either, I love Vegas.  I know I'm a sucker for eating on the strip, and I'm going to be gouged like crazy. Over the years I've spent daft money in places like Picasso, CUT and others, but at these prices, one may as well just hit up one of the casinos fancier fine dining restaurants, as it is not priced as the casual restaurant it alludes to be.
3	Over-priced mediocre chinese food! What do you expect for a restaurant in a hotel?Drive across the freeway to chinatown and get 10X better chinese food for half the price! We ordered fried rice, beef soy-sauce noodles and green beans for about $20 each and each plate came out half full. Each dish was mediocre as well as they all lacked flavor, at least put some salt in it?
5	Amazing service out waiter wad great but besides the service our food was five star top notch amazing I had the red dragon the sea dragon and the dragon rolls and they were some of the best sushi I have ever had in my life and that's saying slit because I am a sushi fanatic my boyfriend had the peppered beef with snow peas and the meat was so tender and juicy you almost didn't need to chew it... melt in your mouth doesn't even come close to how good it wasIt is a must go to and we will be back for sure
5	We came here questioning ourselves because of the reviews. We arrived and promptly were seated. Service was great. Ordered Kung pao chicken and two sushi rolls. Everything was delicious. Many complain about the price but HELLO you are in Las Vegas you should expect to pay a bit more!
4	People here have bitched about the price, but c'mon folks:  a sushi restaurant on the Strip?  Expect to pay higher prices.After day two of a financial software conference, I wanted comfort food:  sushi and/or rice noodles.  And comfort food is what I got:  Aloha Roll, Rainbow Roll, and Singapore Curry with Shrimp, BBQ Pork, and Rice Noodles. The rolls were served fast -- and flawlessly.  The Singapore Noodles weren't the best I've had, but they served the purpose.On a final note, this restaurant is located inside the casino, not on or near the promenade where most of the other restaurants and bars at the MGM Grand are located.  As such, it might be difficult to find at first.
3	After the five hour flight from New York we were STARVING! The gentleman that checked us in suggested The Grand Wok. So we dropped our bags in our room and rushed back down. It was a casual clean decor. The tables were kind of close for my comfort level. We heard all about the girls next to us "Stupid boyfriends" but we were so hungry we didn't care. We started with the salt and pepper squid, one of our favorite things to get when we go our for Chinese in Flushing back home. It did not disappoint it was cooked perfectly tender and the fried garlic and diced chili toppings were just like corner 28 on Main Street. Chris ordered the roasted duck with peanut sauce. The skin had a great glaze to it, although it could have been a little crispier. The meat was excellently tender. I order two rolls that came out about twenty minutes after Chris' food. The waitress told us the sushi table was backed up. They should ave held off on his food so we could eat at the same time. We ended up sitting at lunch for almost two hours. Their was too much rice on the rolls for my taste. The fish was super fresh tasting but my avocado was a little too brown.  All in all everything was pretty good but we would not go back. There are far too many places on the strip to go back to one to eat separately.
3	We wanted some Asian fusion while we were at the MGM and we remembered that we had a good meal here the last time we came. However this time things were different. Things have changed. We ordered the Orange chicken and the food was pretty good. The service however was horrible. The waitress brought out the wrong sushi roll. We almost finished eating and when we inquired about the sushi roll at the end of our meal they finally brought it out. The roll was not fresh either. The extra rice came at the end of our meal as well.
5	This is like Chinese food on crack. So good. Or maybe I'm just hungry. Whatever the case is, here's what I base my 5 stars rating on:- eggplant garlic dish- pork belly (on chef's recommendation list)- beef with bell peppers - tofu with mushroomYum! Too bad the second time I came back for dinner this place was closed :(Price is expensive in real-life terms but affordable in crazy-christmas-in-vegas terms if you get what I mean ha ha
1	First off the casino had a horrible chemical smell. I'm not sure if they were doing construction or if it always smells like the inside of a cleaning bottle. When the sushi arrived it looked a bit lacking. I hoped the taste would make up for the size, instead of even sub par sushi it tasted like a can of tuna. Bad buffet sushi is so much better then what was made here. I'll never be coming back, and likely being staying clear of the MGM all together after this.After two rolls we decide to give the Chinese food a try, as we were still starving. The veggie dumpling were good but took over 30 minutes to a arrive (they forgot them), and the Malaysian noodles were good. Nothing great and overpriced for the each.Sushi 1 star; Chinese 3 star; Service 2 star; Smell 0 star.
3	The shrimp here especially in the pad Thai is to die for. The sushi was not bad at all and everyone looked to be OKAY with their food. Nothing amazing here just mediocre. I think the shrimp and sushi are the reasons I would come back except the sushi is a bit much but that's to be expected since this is off the strip and it's Vegas so not surprised that things are totally over priced.  Now the service on the other hand was terribly poor. The waitress that helped us to say the least barely came to check on our table so I have no idea if she was swerving too large of an are or if it was just understaffed. But who knows she could have just been slow as hell since she was a bit older. Do I see myself coming back to this location when I go to vegas again? I highly doubt it. Unless I am lazy and can't think of anywhere else to go.
1	I would have give 0 stars if Yelp allows me.THIS IS INDEED A SHITTY PLACE.We ordered 2 noodle soups, which by the way is by far the easiest thing on a menu that ppl can possibly order - and they came in about 30 minutes. The noodles are both horrible. You can definitely tell they just put the frozen noodle in the soup without any effort to make it as a presentable dish. When it served, it still like half-cooked instant noodle. It is shocking to us that how a chef can mess up with such a simple dish....And it is also very pricy, we paid over 50 bucks for 2 bowls of crap. Would never ever go back there again.The place right next to it, called "Avenue Cafe" was ok, we went there on the following day of our trip, although the waiting time was a bit long, but the food was decent.
5	Impeccable service, delicious food but serving size was not enough for the price. I definitely will return since MGM seems to be a lucky spot for my hubby, this dinner was on MGM, moments before we dined my husband won a hundred bucks out of his twenty dollar bill from the slots. Luck be my man that night.
5	for 1 person,ordered Sea Dragon, two pieces of yellowtail and a cup of 4oz sake. later on, added Las Vegas rolls.very good meal!
4	If you're in the casino looking for a dinner joint, this one's a good stop.Went here with family during a vacation. Food was great (try the shrimp!), decor was solid, service was quick.Prices were about what you'd expect for a casino restaurant in Vegas.One complaint: the staff seemed a little posses off at us for not being huge spenders. We still enjoyed our meal, but a little less sneering would have been nice.
1	After being glued to the blackjack table for 6 hours, my friend and I decided that we needed to fuel our system before we continued on our money making spree.We couldn't really decide what we wanted yet so we were asking the waitress questions. We were going to share and so I asked the waitress how big the serving for fried rice is. She said it's a serving for 1 person only and did the a small bowl sign.We ended up ordering a fried rice, a noodle soup and a roll.First off, the fried rice was not a serving size, it could have served 3 or more people. Second, the roll said it had tempura which was nowhere to be found. An ant would not even be able to find it.Third, the food was just watevers. I've worked in many sushi restaurants and to pay triple the price for something that doesn't even taste half as good is pretty saddening. Never coming back here again.Lastly, the waitress didn't even check on us once. It seemed like she doesn't know her portions very well. I am a waitress myself so I would understand if it was busy but seriously... Crickets....Just a warning, expect to pay a lot for something that's not very good!!
4	This was a great place to stop and eat dinner. We stopped here on a Saturday night, busy but not busy enough for a wait last which is great! The restaurant itself isn't that big which gave it a much more intimate feel. There was also a little room in the middle for reserved tables or VIPs? The servers and hostess were all really nice and very attentive to our needs. The decor inside was really nice and clean. The menu wasn't too big but that is because the portions are big and pricey. They took our orders and drink orders. Our appetizers came out before our drinks which was weird. The appetizers were really good. Once our drinks came out , the order of green tea also came out - which was yummy! As far as the food, large portions again, but so very good. If you are coming in with a group, make sure you order a little bit of everything as there will be plenty to go around. Pineapple chicken was really yummy and the rice was also really good. NOTE: if you are allergic to seafood make sure to review menu details, some dinners have stuff made out of oyster sauce, fish or shrimp - so be careful!
4	Nothing like craving Sushi at 1am in vegas. The atmosphere is great. For that time of the day there were a few tables occupied, but wasn't loud. Wait staff was friendly and attentive. We had a spicy california roll, shushimi, and a spicy crab roll and dumplings. Also had some miso soup and tea to go with it.
3	Pretty good Chinese food, more affordable than the other restaurants at MGM. I had wok fried noodles with beef and the shrimp tempura roll. Both were decent. My boyfriend had the Orange Chicken, which was more like sweet and sour chicken, but it was still pretty good.
2	Stopped here because the 2 females of the group wanted Asian food, and that pretty much means my opinion (1 male) does not matter.  MGM Grand, Asian food...what can go wrong?  Well...nothing really went wrong, but then again nothing really went right.  The prices were a little steep for what you are getting.  I think this is more indicative of being located in MGM Grand.  The selection was the usual Asian cuisine. I even saw some older Asian guy eating a boatload of noodles in this small glass concealed room in the middle of the restaurant as though he were some type of exhibit.  Maybe MGM Grand got rid of the Lion Exhibit and replaced it with this dude....the "Asian eating a boatload of noodles exhibit."  Anyway....the food was ok, the prices were high.  However, that is not the reason to not come here totally.  The reason you shouldn't come here is because the freaking bathroom does not exist!  You have to walk past the craps tables (ironic enough) to find the bathroom.  So...let me understand this.  I have a mouth full of noodles and I must travel many moons in order to relieve my noodle?  Nah...Find another place.
5	I loved the food, service, and the overall environment. Must try the kung pao it's to die for! Will definitely come back!
5	Great fresh sushi better than nobu. Service ok. Sushi chef awesome, I couldn't decide which sushi I wanted and was too full to get two more orders so he suggested that he give me one of each.  Awesome! Casual atmosphere so you don't have to worry about dressing up if you are just out to gamble.  My husband and I met some really nice people at the sushi bar.  I would definitely go back.
3	This is an expensive upscale restaurant. We came here because it was convenient but if we had a choice we would have eaten outside of the hotel.  The entrees were above acceptable. The combo fried rice was not fried under high enough heat to give it a good fried rice taste and it was a bit too oily.  The roasted BBQ duck and pork were bland and too fatty. The shrimp pad Thai noodle was a bit salty but not sweet, unlike traditional Thai dishes. The beef flat noodle was perfectly done. The spider roll was harder than normal. I believe the soft shell crab was deep fried too long. I am given this place three stars because it was clean, had a good ambience and comfortable seating. Otherwise I would have given this place a two star.
3	Service is friendly. Food is good, not great. Compared to resort pricing at the other restaurants in the MGM Grand, this is affordable. They don't take reservations so you may have to sit outside by the fountain and slot machines for a while before you can eat.
5	Excellent stop for one of the best sushi lunches ive had... Excellent atmosphere, service was impeccable, superb menu selection of sushi, sashimi, appetizers, traditional asian courses, very good beer and wine selection (24 oz tsing tao mmm).  They even had a 2 piece sashimi blue fin tuna for $38.00.  I would def return.
4	Food was good.  Prices were a bit better than most of the restaurants at the MGM.  Service was excellent.  Got there pretty late and sat right away.
3	Not too bad, but not exceptional. My wife had the shrimp dumplings and I had the potstickers. Pretty good for small plates. I had a couple rolls that were described as tempura battered, but neither were. Both had tempura shrimp which was tough and dry. The other fish quality was good. My wife had the sashimi and seaweed salad, which she said was very fresh and tasty. I would think a place that specializes in sushi would have decent rolls, but I was disappointed. It helped that we had a $50 food voucher from the hotel, otherwise I would have been more bummed. There are probably plenty of other, better Japanese places in LV.
3	Took my parents here since it was conveniently located in the MGM casino floor. Had the lettuce wraps which were tasty but had more carrots and nuts than chicken. Portion was a decent size.We shared the chicken lo mien and the Mongolian beef. The lo mien was really good. The Mongolian beef needed more seasoning. All and all it meet our expectations. The service could have been better. Spent most of my time trying to flag a waitress to get our bill. Also our waitress forgot to tell us she was leaving. She never came back after serving our food. Taking a star away for that reason.3 Bams out of 5 Bams
1	We decided to give this place a try. We just checked in and wanted something to eat in our hotel. This place is suppose to be chinese/vietnamese restaurant. I would not recomment this place nor ever come back. We ordered the honey glazed barbecue pork, hanam chicken rice and shrimp pad thai. The shrimp pad thai ($20) was not bad. It was a good portion. The barbecue pork ($17) was okay but the portion was small. I dont see how one person can order this and feel full. The hanamiese chicken rice ($23) was bland and just not worth the price. It was small chicken pieces on bone. It basically was chicken scrap which comes with water down soup and sauce. We also ordered sake. I thought it would come in a sake bottle with two glass. Nope! My sake came in a wine glass..... IN A WINE GLASS! This place sells itself as a "fine dining" with the ambience and over priced menu however they dont even know simple glassware rules. Its ridiculous. Our waitress didnt explain anything on the menu and she never came back to check up on us. To be honest we paid total $100 for the food ($87.56) & tip ($13) and we left hungry. We will probably go get food later on tonight....
3	I've been here the last couple of times I was in Las Vegas...The menu is okay. I definitely wish there was more sushi options, but I've ordered some of the entrees and they are pretty good as well. Def try the Fried rice!The service here has been kind of Mehh though, everytime I've been here (a year between the times) I think we usually just end up here because they are open later then most of the other places around the hotel.
3	Love the location and decor of this restaurant. However, the food was just alright; service was a bit slow (it wasn't busy at the time). Prices are just what you'd expect at a resort-casino; in other words, pretty expensive for what you get. Food's a cross of Chinese, Japanese, Thai, Korean, Singapore and Vietnamese cuisines.We ordered 3 sushi rolls (nevada, aloha, & negihama) and a Singaporean rice dish for a quick lunch before we head home. Everything tasted decent... nothing special. If you're staying at MGM and happen to crave Asian food, this is probably the best choice you have. Otherwise, it's not worth a special trip out of your way to dine here.
1	Overpriced. It's in MGM, so of course it should be fancy and more expensive than everything else. But they try so hard to "look" fancy and upscale without having value to it.Go there if you don't mind paying double for just fancy American-Asian food. Don't go there if you're looking for authentic Asian food.
4	I'm not sure why the ratings are so low for this place. Maybe because it's near all these fancy schmancy places in the MGM. Maybe it's that strip mall-sounding name. But the food is actually really good. Just don't come for the sushi. It's more of a Chinese place and the rolls are very sloppy. Otherwise I totally recommend it!
3	dining experience was OK.First off the seating area is not roomy feels like your up in everybody's business on the table for 2. Service was good except for waiting at least 20-30 mins to get a glass of water. The food was tasty had kung pao chicken plate with a couple of rolls. Overall good experience just felt really uncomfortable  with the super tight seating space from table to table.
3	The food is nothing special to talk about. Came to dine here while staying in Vegas. The service is fast and the staff is friendly. The prices are fair compaired to other restaurants in Vegas.
2	This review is based on the food we ordered. I will start with the worst. The pad thai was so terrible. I couldn't believe the noodles they used. I don't know what it was but that was not pad thai. Flavors were flat and oh man, the noodles blah. The pho was pretty bad as well. Both the noodles and flavors were not good. The hole in the wall places are sooooooo much better. I can't believe we paid double the price for it. The orange chicken was not bad but not great. It's not bready. The flavor was good but nothing special. The roll was pretty good. I forgot which one we got but I guess the "and sushi bar" may potentially have some merit. As an Asian person, it was like someone who knew very little about Asian food made the food. It was pricey for no reason except that it's Vegas. The service wasn't bad, they are smiley and try to be attentive even though they were a little slow. Would never go here again.
1	Worst food poisoning of my life by far. I did not have any alcohol in my system so that is not an excuse. I am vegetarian and ordered the Vegetable Fried Rice and asked the served when ordering whether or not the dish was fully vegetarian and she said yes. My boyfriend had a little of my vegetable fried rice and he is not vegetarian at all. 30 minutes after the meal he threw up. 20 minutes after him, I threw up 13 times within 2 hours IN PUBLIC!! Most horrific experience. I still can't eat anything but saltines.
3	Came here tonight while on a vegas trip with the boyfriend and some friends. We wanted some sushi at somewhere that was reasonably affordable and could also use our MLife card so we came here.It was a bit hard to find in the casino but we eventually got to it. It is beautifully decorated, clean, and has a nice relaxing ambiance. Our server was polite, prompt and eager to please. She made several suggestions for us and we were checked on by her and other employees there. Our drinks were always full so they earned points there.We ordered miso soup and four sushi rolls (spicy tuna, las vegas, dragon roll and the aloha roll). The miso soup was delicious. It was fresh and full of flavor. The sushi rolls were just ok. I was hoping to walk away with an overall great experience but I just could not get into the rolls. I have had much worse sushi before, but I was hoping for a bit more for Las Vegas dining. Next time, I will take a friends suggestion and try some off-the-strip sushi locations.
2	Happy to find a sushi bar that was not so pricey! Amy our waitress was very kind and friendly. Started with the Calamari which was very salty but I was starving so I dealt with it.   Ordered the Red Dragon roll. It was delicious. Our main course was the Kung Pao chicken which I did not like all. The chicken was rubbery and was drowning in sauce. Overall the roll was the best. If your craving sushi this is a good place to hit. The Chinese food is not worth the price.
4	I was super nervous to eat here because of the reviews with food poisoning but I am happy to say no one out my group of 10 got sick. We were told there would be a half hour wait but it ended up only being 10 minutes and we had a great table set up for us. Edamame and calamari were delicious. My husband and I split the Vegas roll and he ordered a dragon roll. Both were delicious! We also split an order of the chicken fried rice and it was very different than any fried rice I've had before, very clean tasting, not greasy at all! We enjoyed our dinner there and would recommend it for sure!
2	Service is the only compliment I can attribute to this place.  The food is at best marginal.  If yoj want real chinese food, its not here.  There bbq meats are not tasty unless you just like soy sauce spill on meats.
4	Comfort food. I love it! Wonton soup is very tasty. Mongolian beef highly recommended the beef is very tender.
3	Food was very good.  The service was very poor. Had to flag down the waitress every time we wanted something.
4	I've eaten here twice since being in town.  I loved the summer rolls and the Philadelphia rolls.  My husband had the spicy California rolls but didn't like them.  I would eat here again.  I liked the waiters and the atmosphere.  The place seemed clean and well maintained.  I would recommend this place to others.
3	My wife really enjoyed the beef noodle soup. I ordered the wok fried noodle with chicken though I must say that after we left the restaurant I had to get a salad as I was still hungry.
3	It is located inside MGM. One of my friend took me out to dinner here. I like the decor of this restaurant. However, the food was just ok. Prices are just what you'd expect at the Strip; i.e. pretty expensive for what you get. The food is a mixture of Chinese, Singapore, Japanese, Korean, Thai, and Vietnamese cuisines.
5	Lettuce wrap, steamed chicken, house fried noodle on point!!  We order all the sushi and it was all good!  Maybe cause MGM comped the meal it taste Bomb!Will come back comp or no comped..
4	The service here is friendly and efficient, the food fresh with a number of vegetarian options and the prices very reasonable. The $9 glass of sauvignon Blanc was very good.
3	The Grand Wok which is located inside the MGM casino & hotel is a pretty decent sushi restaurant. The sushi was fresh and tasteful. The overall service was on task but the friendliness did not seem to show from the staff. The price is good for what you're getting but I would suggest looking at other places if you're specifically wanting sushi. Overall I would try them again.
5	I don't know if I've ever had a better dining experience in my life. I absolutely love this place. I was scared as I wandered up to the hostess stand and asked the woman if they had anything gluten free. Asian food is scary for people like me who have to eat gluten free, but the Grand Wok was the only place open. To my surprise, the hostess whipped out a gluten free menu that had SOOO many options. I mean, Grand Wok seriously gave PF Changs a run for their money. When we were seated, our waiter, Leo, was super attentive and double checked to make sure that the sweet and sour chicken truly was gluten free. He kept out waters filled, brought our food out less than ten minutes after we ordered, and overall just took this place from a slightly pricey Asian restaurant to a place I really want to come back to. Leo, you're awesome. Keep doing what you're doing. This place is definitely going to be a must-stop next time I'm in Vegas.
2	One of your run of the mill typical casino restaurants. The food was average. Prices were pretty expensive for the quantity. Sushi was pretty fresh, but the pieces were kind of small for the price (we had the Rainbow roll and a California roll, nothing too extravagant.) Orange chicken had a great flavor, but its consistency was a bit weird. However, my biggest gripe was with the service. Our server was nice (enough), but was always MIA. We never had refills of water and had to wait over 10 mins for her to come back to the table so we could request the check. With the exception of her greeting us and bringing out our food, we never saw her. No  checking up on us to see if we needed anything else, no refilling our drinks....nothing. So very disappointed.
2	Really not impressed here. Server Lai-hai was uneducated on the menu, unpleasant and acted like having us there was an inconvenience. She never came back after we received our food. We are staying here in the hotel. This would be a four star review but crap ruined that.
3	Food and service were okay. Among the dishes I ate were sweet & sour soup and tofu with baby bok choy.The decor seemed fancy. I liked the jellyfish lights near the entrance and the wood-covered menus.
2	Really not impressed here. Server Lai-hai was uneducated on the menu, unpleasant and acted like having us there was an inconvenience. She never came back after we received our food. We are staying here in the hotel. This would be a four star review but crap ruined that.Ps talked to the manager after "we are one of the highest reviewed Asian restaurants on the strip" yeah with a 3 star average with 300+ reviews ;) Tony Diaz. He was argumentative and unhelpful.
4	Last day of my trip in Vegas and this place was a nice place to end it. Ordered the salt and pepper tofu because of another person on Yelp who ordered it and said it was delicious. I only had the photo of it and the waitress knew exactly what it was. Thumbs up.It was spicy, but it was the good kind of spicy. From what I remember it was approximately ~$17. Not bad considering the portion was huge. Would come here again!
3	It's a nice restaurant located in the MGM Grand Hotel.Nice wooden walk way on the side to get into the restaurant. Plenty of tables for small and large groups. Their menu books seem to be made of wooden cutting boards.The waitress is friendly and greets you with all smilesFOOD:Pork Udon Noodles $21This is pretty good. Portion size is a bit bigger than other restaurants. Noodles are flavored well. Good portion of meats and vegetables.BBQ Combo Plate $27(BBQ Pork, BBQ Duck and White or Brown Rice)The BBQ pork was not too sweet but it was dry. The BBQ duck was really good, not too greasy but just enough to still be juicy. It was also nice that the meats were laid on top of a bed of peanuts. The peanuts gave it a slight contrasting taste. The dipping sauce on the side was a very light flavor. Tasted kind of like watered down peanut butter and sweet/sour sauce but still has a gelatinous texture. The brown rice was ok as well. I've definitely had better brown rice.Red Dragon Roll $18$20 for a sushi roll is extremely expensive and the worst part was that it was just OK. Definitely nothing special about this roll. Cold rice with raw fish and minimal ingredients. Overall they have their good and their bad.
5	I didn't order sushi so I can't speak for it. But the Chinese food is soooo good! We ordered beef noodle soup, ma po tofu and vegetable. All of then are excellent and the service was good as well.
