4	Freshly opened on Queensferry Street, Quattrozero is a diner-style Italian, offering an excellent range of dishes. One that's likely to prove popular is their "pizza by the metre", which sounds like it will provide excellent sharing (or lone gluttony) opportunities. I ate a really good goat's cheese salad, then a flavour-packed plate of ravioli. The service was extremely quick and friendly, too. I was impressed, and look forward to my next visit.Overall, we said: "Quattrozero is ploughing a fruitful furrow. It's somewhat reminiscent of Taste of Italy, in that it provides excellent value, lots of flavour, and really smart dishes. I look forward to coming back, soon, and playing with their lengthy pizzas."
3	Straightforward Italian fast food, efficiently served on New Years Eve
3	I've been here before and again it was using a living social voucher.  The experience them was slightly better as I think it was quieter compared to the most recent visit.I think I remember now having the same dishes on both visits -  The pizza was ok - Milano Salami and gorzonzola cheese.  sometimes i feel it just nice a touch more for the bottom of the base as you sit it on a plate and it becomes slightly soggy and hard to cut - on that note a PIZZA KNIFE should be delivered!  Any how the arranchi meatballs were ok - I've had better last time and many other times, especially since I go to Rome many once or twice a year to get fed up on authentic cuisine. The service was good, and the wait was never long between meals.  mum enjoyed here Bruscetta and risotto, so that's something.
4	Great value for money. Great staff. Great interior design. I'm a fan of this place and highly recommend the burgers!http://smgdesigns.co.uk
4	This wee restaurant is tucked in between lots of other Italian places to eat. From the outside it doesn't look like much, seems to look like more of a takeaway but in reality it has a nice comfortable seating area. The kitchen is open faced and it has a wood burning oven where all the baked food is cooked.I was well impressed with the menu and prices. For three of us eating two courses and a childs meal we spent around 12 pounds! Really quite pleased with the quality of the food and the waiter was very accommodating and helpful.I had the polenta chips which were rich and nice, the sauce they were served with was really spicy so I had to return it but got another sauce with a wee bit of spice which was perfect. I also had the margarita pizza which was really nice. The cheese was tasty as was the sauce. The base of the pizza was perfect and it was cooked to perfection. My partner had the steak sandwich which had a honey mustard sauce and some veg, It was really tasty. He started with the cauliflower soup which was very savory and warm, perfect for the rainy afternoon.Overall very happy with this place and wouldn't hesitate in going back. The prices are extremely affordable and the quality is top notch!
1	Working close by, I thought to give a try this Italian place today. Being a member of the Gourmet society club I made the call for a booking at 13:00 mentioning my membership and the happy lady on the phone made a note of our reservation. When we arrived at 13:10, the place was almost packed. It took them around 5 minutes to show some attention to us and take us to our table, which wasn't 100% clean (breadcrumbs, signs of pepper stuck on the wooden surface). We never felt welcome - there wasn't even a smile, some courtesy, not even a simple apology when two salads and a calamari starter took roughly 25 mins to arrive. When we asked for the bill and mentioned the Gourmet society card, the abrupt mature waiter said that it can't be used during lunch time, with me adding that when I made the phone booking, I wasn't informed of that term. The waiter turned with a silent strict look to the lady behind the bar that was speechless (and must have taken the reservation), and after thinking about it for a few seconds, he finally said ok. Food wise, my Goat's cheese salad was ok, but I think iceberg lettuce is not the best choice for it. My friend wasn't that happy with her Caesar salad (tasteless lettuce), and she even said that the crouton felt plain. Walking out we saw two ladies looking desperately towards the inner of the restaurant waiting to be served soon, but that might take a while, I think. Obviously, we are not going back...
