5	Wonderful food.  We have been eating lunch there for the last couple visits to Madison.  All items we have tried have never failed to please us.  We love sitting outdoors and taking in all the action from State St.  I have walked inside to look around and it looks nice, it's clean and plenty of seating.  You will enjoy the food.  Oh, did I mention garlic bread... WOW!  If you're in town and want some Italian, you have to try them.
5	Worth 5 stars for the garlic bread alone, but there's oh so much more.I stepped into Gino's with a friend and was immediately transported to every little Italian joint at which I dined growing up in New York.  Dim lighting, dark wood, and oh... that smell!!!  With apologies to Field of Dreams... Is this heaven?  No... it's Gino's.In addition to the wonderful toastygreasyfluffygarlicky garlic bread, the house dressing is great - if you love marinated vegetables as much as I do (and I'm a HUGE fan), it's a can't-miss.  My tortellini bolognese was tasty and plentiful (after the salad and all the bread, I had enough left over for two more meals), and our server was a gem.
4	i really loved it here.my friends an i brought it back to our days in firenze, sitting outdoors while enjoying some good eats and each others' company. shared some chianti, bruschetta, garlic bread, pasta and their deluxe stuffed pizza.that pizza is insane! just imagine a chicago deep dish, but deeper (check out the pic on their website). now it does take awhile for them to make it, but it's worth the wait. and plus, you have other foods and wine to keep you occupied. very tasty pizza, and you can bet we had leftovers that were eaten later that night.i would suggest that you sit outside on their patio and get some people watching on state street done while enjoying a nice meal.
4	Great stuffed pizza, so good, you may cry tears of joy.  Service is AOK.  The atmosphere is nice, 99% of the time.  I say this because the last time we went we sat at an indoor table close to the bar area.  About half way into our meal a homeless man walked in and started screaming at the owner, who happened to be sitting at the bar by himself eating a salad.  He immediately got up and went behind the bar.  The homeless man sat down at the bar and began eating fistfuls of the salad and smearing his messy hands all over the bar top.  The owner quietly asked him to leave several times, but this guy was on a mission.  A mission to spread the word that the owner of Gino's had gone "shoppin' at Macy's in Minnesota!!!!!"  He screamed it over and over again, and when the owner dude grabbed homeless dudes arm in an effort to usher him out the door things escalated.The homeless guy screamed, "don't touch me man!!  You been shoppin' at Macy's in Minnesota!!!"  This must mean that shopping at Macy's in Minnesota has big time cooties, but I don't know for sure.  That's when the owner informed him that he was going to call the police.  With that homeless man came over to our table, and without saying a word, leaned over dangerously close to our beloved pizza pie and stared omniously at it.  (He may have been receiving an intergalactic message.)  My dining partner and myself sat there silently shocked like we were watching a movie we weren't a part of.  Moments later I heard the owner say, "please don't bother my customers."  To my surprise, homeless man decided not to help himself to our pizza, and cut short his transmission to the mother ship.  He instead headed back out to the bar area.  Just then a thoroughly bored looking copper showed up and escorted homeless man out.  My dining companion looked at me and said, "I told you we shouldn't have sat up front".  The food here is awesome.  Just don't sit up front, unless you be shoppin' at Macy's in Minnesota YO!!
2	Considering the restaurant's pricey nature and my love of Italian food, I thought Gino's would be a great place for my birthday dinner. I was wrong.I went with my wife and two of our friends. As you'd expect at a place that charges $15 a plate, we were seated, the waitress (who I doubt was older than 19) took our beverage orders, then came back after a bit to take our entree orders. We all ordered the lasagna (which the menu claims is the best in Madison), except for my one friend who ordered some kind of ravioli.Then he tried to question the waitress on their wine selection. She rattled off their prices so fast he hadn't even finished asking yet, but when he wanted details (what wines do they have? what would go well with his order? do dry wines go well with tomato sauces?) her expression was absolutely vacant, and she quickly agreed to anything he suggested (um, uh, yes, of course whatever you just said will go great with your order!), obviously in a hurry to get his order and get gone.She brought us our drinks, then brought out a bowl of small but tasty pieces of garlic bread, then our salads (included with the entrees), and finally the appetizer I'd ordered, mozzarella sticks. The salad was decent -- essentially just lettuce, but a few shreds of cabbage and other greens kept it from being as dull as the usual side salad most places will give you -- and the garlic bread and mozzarella sticks were very good. She did get one of our salad dressings wrong, but that was quickly remedied. Finally, our meals came. The portions of lasagna were a little smaller than I'd expected for the price, but since we'd already filled up on appetizers, I didn't mind too much. Besides, that turned out to be the least of my complaints about Gino's lasagna.Let's start off with the presentation. Now, I'm not picky: I certainly wasn't expecting it to come with a little bow or anything, but they served it sitting in a lake of red sauce that completely covered the plate. I speared every bite oh-so-carefully on my fork, afraid if a bit of food broke off and landed on my plate it would splatter all over my shirt. Considering how hard tomato stains are to get out, I wasn't too happy about that possibility.Then there was the flavor. Really good lasagna is a delicate balance of meat, tomato, ricotta and even noodle. Gino's lasagna, on the other hand, was slathered in so much tomato sauce that it drowned out any other flavor -- except the salt, which had been applied in such copious amounts that it battled the tomato for supremacy. Frankly, the overall quality of the sauce reminded me of something you'd get out of a Chef Boyardee can.I will note that, while the three of us who ordered the lasagna were less than impressed, our other friend enjoyed his ravioli and wine.
5	Now THAT is a freakin pizza. Far and away, the best pizza I've ever had. Ever. The crust is fully stuffed and just over three inches high. We were told, when doing research on Chicago, that when it comes to pizza.. screw Chicago.. Uno, apparently, has gone downhill since they became a larger chain. (We have an Uno near us in Connecticut, for instance.) "Go to Madison," we were told.For over 40 years Gino's in Madison has been cranking out these monsterously delicious pies. Since we decided against stopping in Chicago on the trip (due to a lack of hotel rooms) we dove into this Gino's when we found it. I will never regret it and always want to make a trip back.
4	Haven't had the pizza yet, but apparently I need to.  Gino's serves up some pretty good Italian fare, and while their service is a bit slow its made up for by the god ambiance and decent drinks.  A nice state street interpretation of Italian.
3	For its price and for what it is (a casual Italian restaurant), it's pretty good.Not too expensive (I don't know what other people think, but I'm from LA and $10-$15 a plate is a pretty good deal) and the pizza is not exceptional but definitely tasty. Also their take on bruschetta is interesting (a good amount of green onions) and I think it works well.Don't expect a breathtaking experience or anything, but do expect pretty good food.Also, eating outside is pleasant.
2	Ever since I moved to Madison from NYC I've been craving a good plate of baked ziti. It seems like many Italian restaurants here don't make baked ziti at all and stick to the traditional pasta dishes. I was excited when I saw baked ziti on Gino's menu. I ordered it for take out for $8.75. I was disappointed when I opened my container-- the pasta was smothered in plain spaghetti sauce and topped with a layer of melted Mozzarella. No ricotta and too sparse a layer of cheese. The garlic bread was soggy with butter and tasteless. In Brooklyn, I can get a huge serving of baked ziti for $7.50 packed with cheese and ricotta and half a loaf of toasted French bread. Maybe its not meant to be in Madison. Anyway, the pizza and the rest of the menu may be delicious but I won't be sampling any time soon.I only ordered take out so I have no idea what the restaurant service and food quality is like when dining in. The seating area looked decent with booths and slightly dim lighting.
3	When you're nostalgic for Italy and Za's crappy excuse for Italian food won't cut it, Gino's is a pretty decent stop for it.I was here today (and I've been here a few times before this) and generally, here's the reasons where Gino's stops short of getting five stars:- The lighting is awful. It is very difficult sometimes to see what the menu says if you're in a farther part of the restaurant or if its later at night. I know what they're trying to go for here, but it's not really working and if they raised the lights a little bit--it'd go a long way.- The service is so-so; the times I've been here, my waitresses have been pretty inattentive and slow about coming and going to the table. I'm not sure if this is because they're pre-occupied with something else, they don't want to interrupt the conversation at the table, or what, but it's actually quite annoying when you're ready for the check and you have to wait 40 minutes for it. When they're there, they're good about some things (like making sure food allergies can be met), but the slowness is very annoying.- I've had the margarita pizza, tortellini in alfredo sauce, and chicken caesar salad among a few things and while they're good--I could find just as good elsewhere and for cheaper. The prices aren't bad because of the portion--they're bad because it's generally flavoring and food you can find anywhere else in Madison, but better.I do like Gino's and it is a pretty solid joint; it's not bad for what it has, I just know there's better. But sometimes, better is just too far from my apartment ...
5	Best fettucine alfredo in town! I've been going to Gino's for years and it is always consistently good. I've never been with anyone who is disappointed with their visit to Gino's and we all order different items. The staff is super friendly and the setting is intimate. Love it!
5	As I'm paging through my Yelp reviews, I realized that I hadn't put in a review for Gino's.  I was a little shocked because Gino's is by far one of my absolute favorite restaurants.First off, the owners and employees of Gino's couldn't be any friendlier.  I've been here probably a good 10-15 different times over the years and I'm always treated with fantastic service.  Heck one time they misheard me and made the wrong pizza and they were immediately apologetic, made a new one on the spot, and discounted my bill.  But it's the small things, always carrying a genuine smile, promptly getting to refills, good casual conversation, that Gino's has always excelled at.And the food.  Holy Cow the food.  It is heaven on a plate.  You can order pretty much anything on that menu and you will be more than satisfied, but there are certainly ones that shine above the rest.  For starters, I would absolutely order Garlic Bread or Garlic Cheese Bread (the latter is worth it).  Both are easily the best Garlic Bread I've ever eaten in my life.  As for a main course, they're homemade lasagna is plentiful and scrumptious, the ravioli is a nice lighter meal, the Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken and broccoli is gratifying, and their deep dish pizza is easily on par with some of the best Chicago joints. Prices are pretty good considering the quality and quantity of food you get.  Generally main dishes range from $7-15, and appetizers are $3-10.  If they don't bring marinara sauce with your garlic bread, be sure to ask for it as it's also one of the best items in the restaurant.The mood is great too, cosy booths, low lighting, and sequestered nicely despite being on state street.A MUST for any Italian lover in Madison.
2	My wife and I went to Gino's a few nights ago and we both decided it would be our last time.  Gino's gives you filling meal, mostly thanks to the big hunk of (admittedly very tasty) garlic bread and soup or salad that you get with any entree.  But the flavor is completely lacking and the execution is lazy-- I'm no great chef,  but I can make a much better chicken marsala than theirs and the sausage in my wife's pasta was mushy and clearly intended as a pizza topping.  When the waiter came to ask how everything was I gave a very deadpan "Ok," waiting for him to ask "Just ok?" or something like that.  Didn't happen.It's amazing how poor the restaurants on state street can be.
4	I started out thinking of eating inside (why would you, though, with all the people watching on State St).  The booth was pretty tight so I asked to move outside.  My server was very friendly - as was everyone else that worked there.  As they passed by, they flashed big smiles.  I'm from New England and I'm not used to that.  It was great!I got a pizza that was pretty good, but I enjoyed the atmosphere the best.
1	I wish there was a way to give less than a 1 star review.  Last Friday night's dinner was arguably one of the top three worst things I've ever put into my mouth.First of all, the menu online is totally different from the actual menu in the restaurant.  We went in ready to order take-out based on the online menu and then had to sit down with the "real" menu to figure it out.I ordered an eggplant parmesan sandwich.  My husband ordered an Italian sausage sub.  We also ordered an appetizer of stuffed artichoke hearts.Here's the breakdown:  the eggplant parmesan on the sandwich was not parmesan'd.  It was four slices - very thin slices- of eggplant that looked like they had been broiled to death.  They were actually black.  There was no sauce on the sandwich.  The eggplant was not breaded or fried.  Wtf.The Italian sub consisted of one Italian sausage, very little sauce, one onion strip and one green pepper strip.  I kid you not.  It was almost hilarious.  No cheese.The stuffed artichoke hearts...  madone.  They looked (and tasted) like they were stuffed with Stouffer's breadcrumb stuffing.  They were so salty that they were inedible.  The artichoke hearts themselves tasted like they came straight out of a jar of marinated artichoke - vinegary.  The sauce was passable but why bother?The pity is that the girl who helped us was great; so friendly and helpful.  She said the owner still comes in every morning and cooks so we were pretty excited.  It's hard to find good Italian food in Madison.  Well this didn't come close.  Now in order to get my eggplant parm fix, I have to just kill two days to make it myself.  So disappointing.Gino...  clearly whoever you have in the kitchen is killing your business.  It would take a total overhaul to get me back into this restaurant.  Wondering why we didn't just go to the more upscale Italian joint directly across the street...
4	Pretty legit Chicago style pizza in Madison. Affordable and the waitress kept the beer flowing through the duration of the 45 minute wait. It's a cozy place and they make a mean Brandy Old Fashioned.
2	Do NOT buy the house red wine. The bartender took our order and disappeared and came back with the wine. It was worse than Franzia out of the box!The meatballs are pretty good...
4	I don't know if it's just me, but we thoroughly enjoyed the experience. We wanted a place that would seat six (two children) on a Friday evening, and as early as we were out, it was no problem. Our waitress was fantastic from the start. I didn't quiz her knowledge on the wines (just asked for a list, which she happily offered to retrieve for me) because if I was *that* picky I'd ask for a sommelier (or at least dine at a place with one on staff). Food was good - not mind-blowingly fantastic, but very decent. They made the sauces interesting and the veggies were fresh. Unfortunately, they didn't have single pizza slices, but our waitress told us they'd happily make any pasta dish into a kids size. They offered two kinds of bread -- plain French of "garlic Italian." Yes, it's greasy, yes, it's brown, yes it's delicious!In the end, the waitstaff and atmosphere made this a place I'd go back to in a heartbeat. The price was decent for the amount of food (every portion was huge -- two times as much as we'd eat).
3	We were walking down State street and decided to get lunch at Gino's. We sat outside which was great with this early warm spring weather. They were busy so it took a while to get our drinks and our food. I liked the eggplant sandwich and salad. The kids really liked the pizza. My husband was unimpressed with the lasagna, but you can't please them all. The garlic bread was tasty. I like the atmosphere inside as well. They were a bit understaffed it seemed because it took a really long time for our food.
5	Had dinner last night.  My husband had the deluxe pizza and I had the ravioli.  It was excellent.  Mary Lou was a great waitress too.
3	The lasagna with alfredo & marinara mix sauce was great!  The bruschetta was fresh.  If you like Chicago Pizza, don't go here for it.  Go for the rest of the italian stuff.  Including the Garlic salad dressing...yum!  Tiramisu was alright as well!
1	I have been going to Gino's on state street  for more than twenty years.  I can tell you that at this point in time I will never go back. I called in an order to be picked up and I asked to substitute a few pieces of garlic bread in place of the French fries that came with the sandwich I ordered.  I could not believe that they flat out refused to do that for me.  They would take the fries off of the order since I didn't want them, but wouldn't give me a few pieces of garlic bread in its place. But they would still be charging me for the fries. I have to go back and remind you that I have patronized Gino's for over twenty years. The person that I talked to was Jennifer. If she worked for me she would no longer have a job. So we went back and forth with Jennifer regarding this issue and how petty this was regarding my request as I was also going to order about $40.00 worth of food to go. She said it was there policy of NO Substitutions!  I cannot believe that they would treat me like that over such a small request. I also cannot believe that they would let a $40.00 takeout order walk out over something so petty. I have found over the last two years the food quality and menu choices were going down. I still went back. But after this, I will never go back. There are plenty of other restaurants  I can go and patronize.
4	Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.  Food was very good also.
4	Went here a while back for dinner with a bunch of co-workers. We're from San Francisco, and yes, we're food snobs*.Not one of us had a disappointing dish! The only thing that puzzled us, were the huge sized servings, that's not a complaint, however! :)The bread was good, the pasta was fresh and I think (IMHO) my Eggplant Parmigiana (which is and Should be sauteed and topped with melted cheese, not breaded in Kraft shaky cheese -_-) was one of the best I've ever had. Sorry, mom, grandma..Eggplant Parmigiana was perfectly cooked, nice slices, creamy on the inside with just a wee bit of crunch on the outside and delicious cheese topping as is most appropriate. Our waiter was a really nice and helpful guy, made it a fun night out while away from our homes.On my next trip back I'll definitely hit Gino's!*Most of the group were food snobs, the others are just freaking nice people.
3	Gino's is the only restaurant in Madison that serves an authentic Chicago-style deep dish pizza. Because if Uno's counts as Chicago style, then Taco Bell must be traditional Mexican cuisine. This is a significant achievement in Wisconsin, or really anywhere outside of Chicagoland.It's not as good as your average Chicago-style...but at least it is proper Chicago-style. Thick crust, thick and gooey mozzarella, tomato sauce on top, meat and veggies on the inside. At no less than 2 inches thick, two slices are a large and filling meal. To a homesick Illinoisan, it's an acceptable stand-in.I think that their tomato sauce's spices could use a little work, and I've always gotten pizzas that felt like they were in the oven just a couple minutes too long. The crust is a little grainy, and lacks the subtle pillow-like quality found inside a great Chicago crust. Gino's has gotten the cheese right, though, and they understand that a Chicago-style can and should be stuffed with veggies. They've honored my requests to stuff it with spinach and mushroom before, which would indicate that they aren't pre-made. It's a little weird they don't offer a spinach-stuffed pizza, but some places have the nerve to write Chicago all over their menu and not even keep spinach in their kitchen.Which, by the way, Gino's does not. The Chicago-style is humbly hidden under "stuffed pizzas" on the Gino's menu. No mention of our fine city can be found anywhere on Gino's menu, website, or advertising.You cheeseheads should consider yourselves in a debt of gratitude. We've provided you with the blueprint for the closest taste to heaven you'll ever find on a pizza. I hope one of you gets the bright idea to put all that good cheese to proper use, using Gino's commitment as a guiding principle. Legit Chicago pizza is a very rare find outside of Chicagoland. Most Americans unfamiliar with the area will never know what it is actually like to bite into the heavy crust of the finest style of pizza in the world.
1	Really disappointing food. The service was slow but polite. It seemed very inefficient to have four different servers attending to the same small area - but even worse was that only the one assigned to us would actually acknowledge us, so we ended up waiting for every little thing. For the food, my companion had chicken parm, which was ok but not flavorful at all. It didn't even come with pasta. I had a Greek salad that was barely edible - overcooked, dry chicken, wilting lettuce, and huge chunks of unripe tomato and cucumber and onion. All the veggies were in enormous pieces that had to be cut several times to fit inside a mouth. The 'Italian' dressing was just a plastic cup of oil with some giardiniera in it. We only drank water, but the meal still cost $35. Ridiculous for a basic chicken dish and an old salad. Will not go back.
3	Great place for a pie on the strip in downtown Madison. Esp love the outdoor seating on a warm night.
4	Gino's is one of my favorite Madison restaurants and not only because I was the first waitress hired in summer of 1967 at the "new" location!  Saturday night while visiting from Milwaukee, we enjoyed a small deluxe pizza and the Greek salad.  The pizza crust was just the right thickness and the fresh and delicious ingredients went all the way to the edge unlike other places that leave large amounts of empty crust.  Gino has always made his own Italian dressing from scratch and it includes lots of diced vegetables like celery, carrots, broccoli and chickpeas.  This dressing complemented the Greek salad very well.  My friend and I love anchovies and, even though they are not on the menu, the waiter was able to put excellent-quality anchovies on bot the salad and the pizza.
4	Nice dark atmosphere, fast friendly service, and good tasting, good size potions all at a low price.
2	I feel bad giving a bad review as Gino's used to be so good.  Our last visit, which was our first one in many years was just not good.  The service was slow, slow, slow.  The old fashions were terrible, no fruit or anything, and my spaghetti and meatballs were worse than the place in the mall.  The meatballs were super oily and had little flavor, and the spaghetti had hardly any marinara sauce on it at all.  Very strange.  I like the old school Italian atmosphere, but for the price (which is a little high considering) and the inconvenience of no parking I would not go back :-(  Sorry.
3	Great pizza.  Bad waitress. Enjoyed a Monday afternoon labor day visit.  Adequately staffed but we weren't well served.  Had to ask for refills on soda (rather than being offered).  Wife had to order her side salad 3 times to get served.  Our deluxe thin crust pizza was very good, as was the spinach-mushroom-potato soup. But given the service, this review goes to 3 stars
5	Great stuffed pizza, feels like you are in Chicago!  Excellent jukebox with alternative tunes, Neil Young, Bob Marley, r.e.m. and many others.
1	Gino's is closing their doors later this month. If you are thinking about dining here before they close for nostalgic purposes... DON'T!!!  They should have closed their doors on a good note instead of staying open with minimal staff and stale ingredients. I got tortellini with Alfredo sauce and the sauce was SO watery! It was literally dripping off the noodles. What's worse is that the sauce was way too salty and almost inedible.My mother-in-law got the chicken parm. Oddly, it didn't come with noodles.. It was just a sad piece of chicken on a plate. It was obviously frozen and reheated because you couldn't cut it (sort of like an overcooked Lean Cuisine). We ordered a pizza to take home with us (before we ate our meals and realized how bad everything was) and the pizza wasn't much better than everything else. The toppings were tasty, but the bottom crust was really tough to bite through. I'm guessing it was frozen at some point, like the chicken parm.I'm sad this place is going out in such a bad note. I remember really enjoying it back in the day.
4	Oh Gino! Why did you leave me!I was only able to experience your lovely pizza once, but oh how I miss you.I deeply miss the excessive heap of crust, the copious amount of cheese, and the tremendous layer of tomato sauce, which you so wonderfully crafted. Deep dish pizza is now a pastime in Madison, something on which I nostalgically reflect. The Chicagoan in me deliciously craves this concoction that is currently nonexistent in this here county, much to my chagrin. Please come back.
5	Gino's will hold a special place in my heart for as long as I live.  My parents and in-laws shared stories of dining at this establishment for a long time.  It was a weekly stop for my wife and I while it was open.  Because of this, we had our wedding rehearsal dinner upstairs.  No one was disappointed.  I will never appreciate another lasagna.Now that we have a son, I am missing Gino's magic even more.  Though I know that it is nearly impossible, I hope that Gino can carry on his tradition somehow.  Someway.
