4	I want to complain, but I can't. Sure, it's not the fastest in the world but these are complicated transactions that take a while to process. The clerk who helped me was polite, knowledgeable and very friendly. I can't blame her for the $446 to transfer two cars to North Carolina.I was here about an hour, including the wait and my time at the counter.Tip: They only accept cash or checks. No credit cards. There is an ATM in the corner with a $200 per transaction limit and $3 fee.
3	I hate doing business here, but I can agree with Bruce K. that this place is as efficient as it can get. Be prepared to wait for an hour and you won't get antsy. And remember to bring CASH or CHECK. Also, if possible, get all of your documents together the first time, or get ready to go through the line twice like I did :'(
4	Nobody likes to go to the DMV. So let's put that part behind us and focus on the experiences other than that we are standing at the DMV. I thought they opened at 8, but I was wrong they open at 9. When I got there at 8:20 people were already in line, so I got out of my car and queued up with the rest of the around 10 people already there. I fortunately had my Kindle, so all was good. I was entertained. When the doors opened up promptly at 9 am. They shuffled everyone inside. There is one line for license plate renewal, and returns and replacements. Another line for transferring a title, or changing a name on the title or address. All I needed to do was return an old license plate, but you must stand in line and wait to hand it over and get your receipt. After around 10 minutes of telling people where to go in the main line standing area, a woman who worked there went behind the desk and called over "anyone just surrendering a license plate". Score! No more waiting. About 4 of us went over and handed her our plates. A couple minutes later she came back, handed us our receipts and we were out. If I knew it would be that easy, I might have gotten there at 9. However, I'm not sure if they do this all the time. **Also they DO accept credit cards now. Visa and Mastercard. ONLY credit, NO debit.
1	Showed up at 9am on a Tuesday ready to spend an hour to two hours to get my license address changed from PA to my new address in Charlotte. Did not even get into the building until 10:30am. Spent an hour and half outside. Got inside and spent another 2 hours waiting for my number. Long story short, take the day off. Thank you NCDMV for living up to the low expectations put on the DMV.
