5	I was here last night for cocktails. This might be my new favorite place in Madison to meet friends for drinks. The cocktail list has some twists on old classics as well as some original drinks. The bartender let us try a new drink that was based around lingonberry jam and gin. Awesome! The ambience is pretty intimate, with dark wood and small details. I can't wait to return here for lunch or dinner!
3	Taking over the spot that was formerly the Mercury Lounge (before the adjacent apartment building went up in flames), Veritas is a warm and cozy restaurant.  They did a good job with the remodel-dark wood, an inviting bar that runs along the left hand side of the room (as you enter the restaurant) and soft lighting.  Coming in on a Wednesday night, we were seated by the window overlooking the street.  Definitely prime seats but we didn't feel too lucky as we could have sat at any one of the tables-we were the only ones there.. The menu at Veritas is limited with 3-4 appetizers and the same number for entrees with a few desserts.  I went with the posole while my dinner date went with the Market Fish (which was salmon that night).  The soup had a bright, nicely acidic broth studded with nice chunks of roasted pork and hominy.  It was solid but I thought it was odd that it was served with some wedges of pita along side of it. Do I dunk? Do I tear it up and put it into the soup? Was it part of some sort of sociological study by the kitchen to see what diners would do with it?  We will probably never know the answer  as the carb freak in me simply made me scarf them down.My friends entree was two well sized portions of salmon served over a bed of cilantro rice.  Served medium rare, the salmon was well prepared with a good sear on the outside.  Just like the soup, the rice has a nice acidity to balance the richness of the fish.I feel both dishes were well executed but as we left, I began to think about why we were the only ones that were dining there.  Walking along the square, the other restaurants were bustling and packed.  Yes, I know Veritas is new to the scene but Madison is pretty well connected and word spreads quickly. I think the issue is more around the price points that the restaurant offers it food at.  The posolo was $18 while my friends salmon was $23.  I feel this is probably $5-$7 dollars too much for what the entrees were.  $18 for a well executed soup doesn't bring back repeat customers.  Even if it is accompanied with pita triangles that causes diner confusion.I would perhaps come back for a happy hour drink but there are way too many other options on the square to warrant me coming back for dinner.
4	Went here for lunch one day. The menu is a bit too small. Nothing sounded overly appetizing from the menu, but what I did have was quite good. Some kind of grilled cheese. The food definitely isn't bad, it's just limited. I definitely would come back here for drinks, though. The drink menu and bar area looked really neat and it would be a great place to meet up with friends for drinks.
1	Go to Veritas if you like toasted white wonderbread and dry salty balls of meat. The microwaved French fries were amazing. If you're not into any of that, they have TWO other entree options, so don't worry!They haven't yet learned how to run a credit card so expect a call asking you to stop back in.
1	Stopped in last Saturday after a show at the Bartell. It was eerily quiet for a Saturday night,  no patrons and also no music. Ordered a draft of Hopalicious and watching the clueless bartender attempt to pour it was my biggest laugh of the evening, and I had just attended a Comedy! Dinner menu looked overpriced, $6 for fried potatoes,  Really?
1	This place was kind of cool when it opened, but the staff has changed almost completely. The food and service has gone down in quality. I don't know what happened, but I don't know if I'll be going back here.
2	The bartender was a very good worker and server. Unfortunately, everything else was mediocre. Not bad, just nowhere near good. For a happy hour that offered not much of anything happy ($1 off on drinks only, no break even on appetizers), and as average at best as it is, I am now not surprised. The manager was full of anxiety, endlessly watching over his staff, obviously uncertain as to how the place is doing. Well, not well. I will certainly not return. I wonder why I waste the money I do, when I should know better, but their advertising, their marketing suggest something they are not. Ah, well, way too often this turns out to be the outcome.
1	Closed!!  Now home to Sol's on the Square
