5	My father had trouble fixing the car and needed parts and actually got them delivered. How cool is that? Staff went out of their way to help out. Thank you O'Reilly auto parts!
4	There are several auto parts stores in the Southeast part of Henderson. O'Reilly keeps getting my business for a couple of reasons. Here's a Pros and Cons list to help you decide if you want to stop here. Pros: Free testing. If your check engine light is on you can walk in, leave your drivers license with the counterperson and they'll let you take an OBD-II hand held code reader out to your car. This lets you read your vehicle's trouble codes so you know if you have a minor issue or a major one. Battery Testing: Vegas in the summer is brutal on car batteries. O'Reilly like many places has a portable battery tester. Tell them you want your battery checked and they'll test it right in your car. If you need a replacement battery and you buy it from them they will install it for you. They can also test alternators, starters, and several different types of electronic modules and other parts too. Parts & Selection: I prefer Wix filters after living in the midwest and using them with farm equipment. They carry most of the major national manufacturers of auto parts so if you've had bad experiences with parts from Napa or Autozone, you may want to look at the products O'Reilly carries. Special Orders: Usually same day, or sometimes overnight. They have no problem getting stuff in most of the time. Service: At the time I'm writing this monsoon season is approaching. If you need new wiper blades and you buy them here they will install them for you. I already mentioned the in-car battery testing. And when you ask them to install or test you won't get an attitude either! Open Early and Late: 7:30 to 10:00 pm Mon - Sat, 8 am to 9 pm Sundays. Those early and late hours can be very helpful when your car has a problem at the worst possible times. Cons: Parking. If the shopping center is busy parking can be a slight pain to get in and out of. Pricing: Want 5 qts of Mobil 1 motor oil? You can pay $27 at WalMart, or $37 here. A bottle of Lucas Fuel Injector cleaner: $9.99 at WalMart, $11.99 here. You can find some things cheaper at WalMart, or if you can wait and ship it in Amazon can beat them on price. But if you need it now and don't want to deal with WalMart you'll pay a slight premium for it. On weekends they can be slightly understaffed which means you may have to cool your heels while waiting in line to check out. But if you don't mind that O'Reilly should be on your list of places to check out if you need auto parts, car care supplies, etc. Disclaimer: Many, MANY years ago I used to work for O'Reilly back when they had less than 100 stores. But that was then...today it's about do they have what I want, and at a reasonable price? I don't like being ignored or insulted at Pep Boys, and sometimes Autozone doesn't have what I want. If I want a full line auto parts store...this is where I go.
5	When I got my car serviced at the dealership a few days back, they recommended replacing the battery soon. Sure enough it was starting up a little slow, so I wanted to go in and see if it would be wise to get it replaced then and there, upon my visit to O'Reilly.The guy waiting on me was quickly and easily able to check the condition of the battery for me, and recommended replacing it. He told me that I could probably get some more time out of the one that was in there, but I also explained my situation that I have to drive to and from the other end of town for work on a regular basis. I asked if they had someone there that could install the battery if I bought one, and they said they could do it, no problem.They even checked me in their system (I had bought my last batter there), and were able to save me a TON of money on the new battery based on this. That alone was a huge plus for me.The employee helping me almost immediately got out there and began removing the old battery and installing the new one. I think from the time I arrived at O'Reilly to the time they had the new one in and ready to go, the whole process only took about 15 minutes or so - THIS is the way to take care of your customers.I will definitely return based on this solid experience. Highly recommended.
5	This review is long overdue!My mom, sister, and I were in town because of Ironman and my sister's car had a flat tire. Tyler was awesome and willing to help change over to the spare. Tyler was our hero, nicest guy ever. You don't get outstanding service from alot of people anymore- but he was our hero of the day and one of the most patient people. We were so thankful for him to help us out that day. THANK YOU :)
