5	Best Dentist in Vegas - Really listens to what you want and has a great cosmetic eye!  Also that staff is amazing!
5	Amazing staff and Dr. Lobato is just an outstanding dentist.  He truly cares about his patients and what I like is that HE personally reaches out to check on his patients after he does a procedure just to make sure they are okay. I've been to many dentists throughout my life and hands down... he is the best. If I could rate him a 10... I definitely would. Mindy is awesome and cares for his just as much... in fact, she just called to check in on me while posting this review.Awesome dentist... awesome staff. What more needs to be said.
5	Dr Lobato and his staff get a solid five star from this satisfied customer. In pain and in need I found myself in his office and received excellent care. Gentle expertise was in full effect. Don't know what the rest of you are used to from your dental pros but this was a pleasant surprise for me. Excellent dentist and demeanor.
5	I found this dr from checking out Yelp reviews... Even with the great reviews, I was still hesitant. I have not found a great dentist like this in maybe 15 years. It was easy to find, great reserved parking for convenience, beautiful office and super friendly staff. The doctor was incredible. I came in for a cracked tooth and he took the time to get me in and treated quickly. The tooth needed more work than we initially thought and he made sure it was perfect. His passion for dentistry, his staff and his patients was pleasure to witness. It's nice to find a dentist that you don't dread going to. It sounds silly but I'm looking forward to my next visit.
5	I've been going to Dr. Lobato for years.  I changed dentists for a brief time when my office location moved to the opposite side of town and never had the postive experience I had at Dr. Lobato's.  He is an effective doctor and makes a visit to the dentist a pleasurable experience, ESPECIALLY for going to the dentist.  His office and staff are friendly and most important, timely.  The longest I have ever had to wait is less than 10 minutes and I have never had to return to have any work revisited or corrected.  I'll be a customer and patient for life.  Craig Tomlinson
