4	Always good food & friendly service
3	This is a very busy Chick-fil-a location.  The staff was very friendly... seemed really young for some reason.  I think the boy taking my order was about 9 or 10 years old.... it was a little weird, but I think I'm just getting old.This location also lets your order and gives you a number to put on your table so they bring out the food when it's ready (instead of the usual wait for it to be ready and take it to your own table).  Some of the staff even walks by and takes up people's trays so you don't have to throw away your own trash.Stonecrest is not my favorite parking area layout... some of the intersections are "close your eyes and go" intersections.  In theory the traffic flow looks well planned, but doesn't work with a lot of volume.
3	Busiest Chick Fil A in Charlotte? Maybe, but Beckie and her staff do a great job ushering everyone through with a smile and good service. Food is good, just like every other Chick Fil A and this location does a lot of the CHick Fil A promotion specials (i.e. free fry day, free spicy chicken biscuit, etc).
4	Stonecrest Chick-Fil-A is my favorite by far.  They do a phenomenal business and are very well organized.  They hire young folks and train them well.  When busy, they bring the food to your table and are constantly circulating asking if there's anything you need including re-filling beverages.  Everyone seems to have a great attitude which is hard to find in the service industry!  This particular location also seems to have a lot of special events (free breakfasts, buy a combo-get a kid's meal free, etc).  If you live in the area, be sure to sign up for their text updates so you can stay up to date with their offerings!  I wish I owned this place....CASH COW!  Did I say cow?!?  Eat more chicken...
4	Meeting a friend for lunch, we had a little miscommunication. He went to the wrong one, so I got to see two CFA's for lunch in one day. Like the other, this one was very busy at lunch time. I guess people are thinking that chicken is healthier than the other options in this shopping plaza?Large seating area, they have a couple of staff wandering around to improve things. The drink lady is a nice touch and she's super friendly. She even refilled the drink I'd brought from the other CFA, though that's probably not the usual deal.My friend and I took up the table for a good hour and no one troubled us at all!
4	No matter what time of day, the drive-thru is always full, which is always a good sign.  I'm rarely dissappointed & my son loves the play area. I wish their milkshakes weren't so good, as I'm addicted to the strawberry shake!
5	What's not to love about Chick Fil A?!! Every time I visit this location it's a pleasant experience.My food is always hot and prepared as I order it. Any request, they reply with "my pleasure" and even walk the food to you from behind the counter. This location offers some of the best customer service I've experience from a "fast food" joint in a long time. And that's why I feel it more than deserves the 5 star rating.
3	The Chick-Fil-A demonstrates, perhaps more than almost any other fast food joint, how one location can be completely different than another. Sure, the menu offers the same food as the other. But the service can vary completely from one to the next.At this particular location, they are almost always slammed. That is unfortunate because they are right at the front of Stonecrest, so it can make getting into or out of the shopping center a challenge.But even in that mad scramble, the service is solid. As has been mentioned, if the food from the kitchen comes out slowly, they will go that extra mile (or at least a couple of feet) and bring it out to your table. How do they know what table you choose? No idea. But they seem to do it, and it gives them that extra special touch.
4	As I have never actually been inside of this location, I can only attest to the drive-thru service.  One of only 2 drive-thru food joints at Stonecrest, this Chick Fil A is ALWAYS slammed.  It is not unusual for the line to be completely wrapped around the building, but fear not - they are efficient at the Chick and you will have waffle fries in hand and be on your way to battle through traffic to get into or out of Stonecrest.  This is located as soon as you turn into Stonecrest, yards from the stoplight, so getting in and out of the restaurants parking lot can be a bit of a test of patience and your horn blowing skills.  Circle all the way around the building to get into the drive-thru line.  On pretty days, they will have some poor employee, that I assume draws the short straw, outside walking up to your car window to take your order remotely.  I don't know if this is designed to make the line seem like it moves faster, or some sort of customer service "above and beyond" measure.   Talk into a box, talk into a human - whatevs... I just want a fried chicken sammich.  I am a #1 girl - original sandwich, waffle fries and a drink (fried chicken breast on a buttered bun with pickles).  You can substitute other sides for an upcharge.  Every once in a while, if I am feeling particularly fat, I will get their grilled sandwich - very good for a fast food joint.  Other days when I am feeling the  homicidal rage of a full day at work, I get a brownie.  A delicious, frosted, nut-covered brownie.  Sometimes I get the meal with the cole slaw - their cole slaw is sweet and delicious, but it is the kind of slaw that is pulverized into tiny pieces - I usually like mine with bigger pieces, but theirs is very good.  The milk shakes are delicious - in the summer months they have peach which is creamy and yum.  I have also had the banana pudding milkshake, and while the shake was delicious, I could have done without the nilla waver shavings in it (I still drank it all).Their light lemonade is cool and refreshing. Chick also has some of the best sweet tea (sweet without being syrupy).  Their breakfast biscuits are a little too crumbly (they are hard to eat in the car and I end up with biscuit crumbs in my bra), but buttery and good.  The food is consistent and the employees are always friendly.  Great place for a quick sandwich.
5	This is one of the best run, and probably busiest, franchises. Highly recommend!
5	It's CHIC Fil A...need I say more?  Great food and good prices...all served with a smile and its my pleasure!
3	Was there today at 6:15 really not crowded but fries were just warm. Also most of the tables were dirty.Lots of finger prints all over the glass. Very unusual thus disappointed !
1	Visited this location a few weeks ago only to receive a completely wrong order. And, whatever it was that I received was not even edible - I took one bite and threw away. And, as you know Chick-fil-A is not cheap, so I spent $7 on nothing! I immediately sent an email and still haven't heard anything from them. Way to go on the customer service! Even McDonalds responds!! NEVER GOING TO ANOTHER CHICK-FIL-A!
5	If you've been to a chic filet then know what you are getting here. This is a great place to take small kids for lunch or dinner. They love the food and the indoor playground. Staff is super friendly and it's clean. Recommend as we go there once per week.
4	Since there's few affordable places for breakfast in the area I hit this location more often then I should.  As other reviews have said this place is usually busy in the mornings but wait times are never very long, the staff are friendly and prices aren't much higher than what I think the food is worth.I almost always get the three count chicken minis, these things are some of the best breakfast food items I've ever had anywhere.  The oatmeal is also pretty good with all the extras dumped in, not a big fan of egg & cheese on a biscuit so I can't say anything about those.This place is pretty good for a quick breakfast that you won't hate yourself for eating.
