2	The Kelly Strayhorn is a good idea which is poorly executed.  The facility has problems:  the stairs on the house are too narrow causing trips, the bathrooms don't really have the capacity for over 300 patrons, etc.Beyond the facility you get to the actual 'poorly executed' idea.  The staff is extremely un-knowledgeable about the subjects they are producing.  For instance none of the programmers on staff have any training in performing arts, they are all visual arts people playing at another field.  As a result they don't even know what they are really producing and any experienced person in the field can tell.  The sad part about this is they REALLY try.  They throw staff and new ideas at every opportunity.  Don't expect great performances here, expect a talked up mediocre performance.  Audience follows content and they don't have content or the staff that is knowledgeable enough to know better.  Check back in in a couple of years.  This apple is too green to eat much less pay for.
4	I know I say this a lot, but we really are so lucky to have such beautiful old theaters here in the Burgh. Some may not be used as much as others, but I sure appreciate them. I attended an event here for the first time and was amazed by what good shape the theater was in. I loved the bright red chairs and classic feel. Mind you, I really know nothing of what this theater used to be used for... Although I can imagine very glamorous old movies like Singin' In The Rain (maybe this movie was not so much glamorous, but the namesake says as much). I was surprised by how comfortable it was. The seats are comfy and the leg room is decent. I can imagine by looking around that most seats are decent for viewing a show. They do offer many different events here throughout the year, which is great because it would be a sad fact if this theater wasn't used.I honestly want to look for things put on here now because I like the theater so much. Support your local theater, it really makes the city vibrant, I promise!
5	Named for Pittsburgh greats, Gene Kelly and Billy Strayhorn, this historic theater is a real gem.  Originally the Regent, built in 1914, the building was renovated in 2000 as a performing arts center for theater, dance, music and film.  I have been to several fundraisers hosted by the Kelly Strayhorn, and they have always been first rate.  Also, I recently attended the Kelly Strayhorn's own fundraiser, Full Bloom, which was lots of fun.  As a venue, this place is definitely worth your attention, and the staff seems to bend over backward to make sure events go off without a hitch.
