3	Good jukebox selection, but the tables here have seen better days.
2	The last time I went to the Cue Club, it was obvious it'd seen better days.  Located in the corner of Commercial Center on Sahara, it's not in the best of areas to begin with.  Then you let a bunch of hormone driven kids in there, and it can get kinda hairy.  I learned from personal experience that they WILL kick people out who do things like launch pool cues, flick cigarettes onto other people's tables, and do running back flips of the walls.  Of course, he was with my group.  Humiliating.The tables aren't great and they're too crowded.  Basically, there are a bunch of other nicer, safer, more fun places to go shoot a few racks in town.
4	I like it.  They have a great sushi restaurant in the same lot.03.31.08 UpdateThey revamped the place..New paint..More of a club feel, table time was 10.50 an hour (I think), lots of plasmas.. but they got rid of the action table with cameras set up around it..  a dying era I guess :(
3	Que Club is located in Commercial Center near Maryland and Sahara.  Commercial Center isn't the nicest area that you'll probably see, but it has gotten slightly better than what it used to be.  There's plenty of tables located inside Que Club.  A couple arcade games located near the front, and they have regulation tables, smaller tables and the extra large tables.  They also have a glow in the dark table for those who want that cosmic pool table feeling.  Prices are decent.  There's also plenty of asian food to eat around the area.
3	I hang out at Cue Club all the time.  True, I don't come here nearly as often as I used to (try five times a week), but I still swing by once or twice a week or AT LEAST once every two weeks.  I gotta see my peeps, yo.It is in a kind of ick place, but it's really not that bad. Get out of your car, walk to the entrance, good job.  If you show up in the middle of the day, you don't have to have an ID on you to get in...but someone needs one in exchange for the table balls.Now, the tables are pretty much crap.  Warped, dirty, torn felt, cues with splintered shafts, etc etc.  But if you just want to play some chill pool and hang out with your friends in a pool hall...they serve their purpose.  While many of you may have seen my exceptional pool skills on ESPN, no one who frequents this place watches it so I can easily play in peace without being mobbed by a gaggle of groupies.  Pros:Touch my TunesFull barPac ManBig enough to avoid carcinogenic haze if you so choseAWESOME staff members--we even talk in other public places and know each other by name$1.00 quarter tablesThe regular snooker guys are hilarious Curfew--18+ only after 9 pm means no teeny bops loitering/making outCons:Ghettosville, NVSmoking is allowed (see above)Tables are basically crapNeed an ID to get in after curfew
3	Big divey billiard club located in a mostly Asian shopping center (but it's called French Quarter Square?) with plenty of tables to get your pool cue fix on. That's not the reason I went here, though. I went here because it's one of the few bars in Vegas offering local brand Tenaya Creek and beer snob that I am, I had to check it out. Bartender must have been a bit of a screw job because she poured me a Newcastle instead and the realized her mistake and poured me the Tenaya. So did she give me the Newcastle since it was her screw up? Nope. She just let it sit. What? Just going to hold it on until someone orders one? It's just sitting there! Bad service. However, the Tenaya Creek I had was the Hefeweizen and that excellent. In fact, probably the best beer I had all trip. And $3.75 to boot. So it didn't take a huge bite out of my wallet. Just wonder if anyone got that Newcastle.....
3	Was out in Vegas during May-09 for the annual 8-ball BCA tourney...team did not fair so well.  I had heard a few people talk of this place and decided to check it.  Had a cab drop us off in the mid-afternoon, beers were nicely priced.   The tables seemed to be in good condition, but the floor was unlevel in several areas...not ideal.  Bartender lady was kinda reserved...did not say much - but we were strangers, so no big deal.We actually ended up going back the next night too, but when walking to a friends vehicle were were approached by several beggars looking for handouts...we declined and headed on our way.  I will probably look for another place next time...just for comparison purposes.
5	From the source: So reading these reviews, I see some outdated and inaccurate information. So let's give you the scoop from the source. One of the bartenders. As for being crowded; we have 15,000 sq ft. Even on a packed night, there's plenty of room. We have 16 bar sized (7 foot) tables, 12 nine foot Gold Crown regulation tables, 7 more nine foot tables (looser pockets for those that aren't quite pro), a snooker table, and billiards! We also have a full bar (beer, liquor, and wine) that is decently priced: $3 domestic draft/bottle, $3.75 import draft/bottle, a full range of alcohols that run from $3 (well) to $7 (top shelf). We also have beer bucket and shot specials and a knowledgeable, friendly bar staff. Not to mention 15 video poker machines (Royal Flushes anyone?!). Throw in two weekly in house tournaments (Tues 8-ball and Thurs 9-ball), a great cafe, Foosball, and some massage chairs and I think you have yourself a great night out. Did I mention the 10% discount for students and military and the 50% discount for casino employees? And all of our tables have been re-clothed as of March 09. So check it out folks.
3	I was in town for the National APA pool tournament and wanted to loosen up, and shoot for a few hours. After sitting in a car for six and a half hours, it was quite comforting to be in a pool hall similar to my beloved Clicks Billiards in Tucson, AZ. For the first time since the smoking ban in AZ, I was able to sip my whiskey, shoot some pool, and SMOKE. I appreciated this immensely. I have read the other reviews that complain about the tables, but I was playing on the nine foot tables on the right side of the Cue Club, so I cannot speak to the quality of the other tables. The felt was nice and smooth and the rails were not dead, which is a MUST if you're a bank shot specialist, ahem, ahem. Our cocktail waitress was friendly and attentive without being obnoxious, so definite points there. The drinks were cheap, which is always a good thing when all the members of your party are professional drunkards. Next year I shall definitely be returning to the Cue Club to get some practice games in before heading over to the Riviera.
1	This place is located in the commercial center off Sahara which is home to mostly Asian and Alternative businesses, its pretty safe except at really late hours but there is a massive police and security presence, we have never had any problems. The Que Club is a big place with several dozen really old tables and a pizza place inside. The place is not very hospitable even for locals and tourist and we found the bartender who also acts as the pool table guy to be a pretty big jerk. If your going to drink here stick to beer because the mixed drinks are a joke, really a two second pour on no label liquor for 5 bucks, a joke. I could see paying a dollar a game if the tables were really nice and the place was decent but this place is very run down and some of the tables don't even work properly. Also I have never heard of a place asking you to bring your own glasses and bottles back to bar before you can get another drink, are you kidding me? I definitely wont be back unless a friend really wants to go.
2	This place is wack! They play sorry ass music...I don't know if they went under new management..but they took out all of the Hip-Hop music out of the jukebox. The tables are not great, they look old and beat down. I always leave this place with a headache because of all the smokers.
2	Kicked it here for a couple hours last Saturday. It was $10/hr for a regular table and $1/hr for the quarter operated smaller tables. We played by the hour. The two types of tables are mixed together throughout the place and are pretty beat up. The aren't enough cues or triangles for every table. The two cues that we were able to find were hella crooked. The bar had $8/domestic and $10/import pitchers. The waitress was nice and comes by to check on if you need more drinks quite often.
3	A "off-the-strip" place that is mostly local if thats what your looking for in Las Vegas. I have never had to wait for a table. And the prices are reasonable. But some nights it is quite full of cigarette smoke.All-in-all a good pool-hall.
3	This place was so perfectly seedy. I absolutely loved it.It smelled like every pool hall I've ever been to. Musty, stale cigarettes, slight smell of beer. It's in the same strip mall as the Green Door, Entourage, Lotus, Namaste... very dive-y area, but the place was great.I had a Newcastle draft for $3.50; reasonable. Pool games were a buck a pop. The pop a shot basketball arcade game didn't work correctly. The guy who collected the balls when we were leaving looked like his eyes were molded half shut because of all the weed he's smoked in his life.There was something for everyone here. Snooker tables, regulation size pool tables, smaller bar pool tables. When I was younger, I used to go to pool halls every Thursday and Friday night with my high school crew. We'd hustle, gamble, eat wings, drink beer, and just have a great time. Going to pool halls like this is a real throwback to my younger days when I was a little bit of a seedy hoodlum myself. Memories!Tangentially, the bartender's boobs were popping out of her undersized tanktop. I mean, I couldn't stare at her face. Those things must have been quadruple F's. FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF. She wasn't even pretty. At least, I don't think she was pretty. Her boobs were like a car accident. I didn't want to look, but I couldn't tear my eyes away. So big.I'll be back, but only for the pool. Not for the bartender's tatas. I swear. Way too big for anyone's taste.
4	A real pool hall.  Plenty of tables.  Ask about their special rate, we played for over 6 hours at a cost of 16 dollars.  It is located several blocks off the strip in an older part of town.
4	I've only played pool two places in Vegas - with Cue Club being one of them - but this is definitely where I prefer to play.Cue Club has what feels like 10,000 tables to play on. It's probably closer to 40, but I've never had to wait to get a table or look out for a ton of people behind/around me before taking a shot. I've only played on quarter tables, but I know you can also pay an hourly rate for table usage. When I play, each game only costs $1, and there's a change machine - can't beat that price!You can watch sports at the bar, and waitresses come around fairly often to see if you need (or need more) drinks. From what I've seen, the drinks are pretty average priced, and I think there are pitcher/buckets of bottles specials. They also play AWESOME music over the speakers, and I believe there's a jukebox - I've never used it, so I don't know if the songs you pick ever actually come on.Why no fifth star? I've only seen the ladies bathroom, so I can't speak for both, but ours is pretty rough. Most of the doors don't lock, and some of the stalls are a little janky. It doesn't keep me from going to Cue Club, but I try not to linger in the bathroom as much as possible.Awesome date idea, too!
5	I have to say, despite having the grossest bathroom I have ever been in... in my entire life. ( Seriously, wtf is up with the bathroom?) This place is bad ass!  I had a great time shooting pool here with friends and spent a good 10 hours in this place just having fun. Drinks are reasonable, and the bartenders know their shit. I had my first oatmeal cookie drink here, and I'll never forget it. Sure, it's got smoke... but the tunes on the box, and the over all feeling of the place is welcoming. Totally wanting to go here again!
4	I've been coming to The Cue Club since I got here in December 2012 it's an awesome and cheap place to play pool and hang out with friends. The staff is a little up tight I almost feel like you have to tip for a smile there. The atmosphere is awesome though the different crowds there always give you something to look at. My favorite bartender is Windy she is just the absolute best she always makes me smile. I do recommend this place BUT they really do need to start to show a little more equality and not just favor the owners relatives or the Vegas "socialites".
3	Not a bad place to hang out and play pool, plenty of room. the only thing i would suggest if you visit this location to take a pistol with you.. bunch of tough guys / gangsters. them jigaboo's are lucky i didnt have mine
4	Besides the fact the bathrooms are worst than a port-a-potty over a four day weekend at NASCAR this is one of my favorite places to go in Las Vegas.The whole staff is super sweet and care about their customers. I go in at least a few times every other week and I always feel like I'm at home. The tables are super nice considering how many people use them. (I usually get the quarter tables because im usually there for several hours). The jukebox has good music and is loud enough to hear it across the entire place. You can even control it from your phone if you download the app. This is a great place to bring coworkers after a long night of work. Just get a drink from the great bartenders, play some pool & shoot the shit.
2	The bartender was a lady who was rude. I asked for a table by the jukebox and she said no even though there were many tables over there. It's very quite and you have to pay to hear music.
5	It's not fancy but it is big with great tables and cheap drinks. Exactly what I look for. Also the service is really good.
5	The Cue Club has renovated and really cleaned up! Nice restrooms, new carpet, all tables are maintained regularly, cue repair, lockers, full bar, in-house leagues that pay $$$, free team rounds and award winning Thai restaurant "Lotus of Siam" just 3 doors down.
5	Moved here to work at SLS a couple months back. First place I looked for was a pool hall. Good thing I did. I'm there 3-4 nights a week to play a few games and have some beer. Awesome staff and friendly! Tables are good!!
3	I've shot here a few times and feel a review is in order. Maybe management reads yelp and will take the constructive criticism into consideration and get this up to a 5 star joint! Pros: -Plenty of high quality tables and cues. -High ceilings so the smoke isn't overwhelming (but some moving air would improve the air quality tremendously).-Full bar-T.V.s featuring various sports channels-Jukebox with a good selection of music.Cons: -Cost. $10.50/hr is brutal if you're a frequent player like my boyfriend and I. Happy hour, ladies shoot free, or loyalty programs (buy two hrs get one free) would allow us to shoot more than once a week.-Overpriced alcohol. My cocktail that costs $5 at most gaming bars was $10 here, three drinks : $30 before tip, I have to pre-game in the parking lot.-Unnecessarily dingy: bathrooms are gnarly, trashes are full, the place just needs a deep clean. Management: let me help you get this spot up to 5 stars. There's no better place in town...but it still needs some TLC.
4	Had a great time with some friends playing pool  Plenty of tables, friendly staff, good selection of draft beers!
