4	Only opened 3 nights ago, Heirloom seems to be out of the gate running. The Mr and I had a wonderful experience with only a few minor service glitches. Otherwise the food was amazingly delicious and expertly prepared by chef Michael DeMaria of the famed Michael's at the Citadel.. in his return to the kitchen his chefly wizardry was all there.The menu is simple, laid out in 4 courses with each course being a smaller portion and relative in cost, nothing is over $19 bucks. The idea is to put together 3-4 courses of smaller plates to enjoy many different flavors, textures and preparations.Let me tell you what, the quality and freshness of the ingredients can be tasted! Starting with the Heirloom Salad with White Balsamic, Baby Spinach and Red Onion Salad ($8) was a real hit, as was as the Roasted Beets &Pecorino Crostini ($8).Butter Poached Lobster with Garlicky Spinach ($18) was a beautiful thing.. perfectly cooked lobster on top of some of the best seasoned spinach Ive had, perfect. The Short Rib Cannelloni on Caramelized Onion, BlueTalleggio Fondue and Beef Broth looked almost to good to eat but with one bite was quickly devoured.Each night there is a Chef's Feature with tonight's being Sea Bass ($16) on a bed of Crimini Mushrooms and Spinach. The earthy mushrooms tasted great with the perfectly cooked sea bass, flaky and light, very well paired. For beef lovers there was another well cooked goody, the Prosciutto Wrapped Fillet of Beef with Sliced Garlic and Tiny Beach Mushrooms ($19) is not to be missed. This to me seemed like quite the man plate, steak and mushrooms, woof!While we did sit for a few minutes with the fish and steak with no utensils, and empty drink glasses a couple of times, this was pretty minor stuff since them only being open a few days. I would guess that on out next visit the service kinks will be worked out. The staff was very friendly and personable including Chef Michael, very warm and sat with us for a few minutes which made us both feel quite giddy, I have such a hard on for chefs, must be the jacket.Heirloom does except reservations though be sure to call perhaps a day ahead to get in. I called the day of and was told they were no reservations remaining. However I sweet talked us in for a later reservation.I'm so happy that they opened up.. I really love the concept and in these leaner times you can still have your lobster and eat it to. Thanks Chef!
3	I have been to Heirloom twice, with similar results.  I have to say the menu reads amazing, and the ingredients seem to be fresh, but the end result just does not deliver on the menu's promise.  The presentation looks wonderful, but the difference between Heirloom and a place like Ramsay (Gordon Ramsay's place at the London hotel in NY) is vast.  Where Ramsay seems to present nearly flawless food, with perfectly paired and seasoned ingredients, Heirloom misses the mark in harmony and balance.  For instance, I ordered the artic char, which was flavorful, but not seared to perfection.  The menu read that the fish was served over a cauliflower puree and braised leeks.  The puree was barely there, just a thin layer with not much flavor.  The leeks were a bit killed and again, other than salt, lacked flavor.  I did not feel like everything paired well.  My date ordered the proscuitto wrapped fillet, which came out more medium than the ordered medium rare.  I thought the fillet tasted good, but the sauce was overly salted.  All in all, the service is very good, and they have a chef's table that looked like a fun thing to do, but I still feel there's better food for the money nearby at Sol y Sambra.
4	I sort of stepped back to my old stomping grounds during my visit to Heirloom. I used to work for Chef Michael back in 2004. This new restaurant has some familiar faces, with some of the wait staff from Michael's at the Citadel coming over to the venture. The concept is good. I like small a la carte tasting menus. Haven't really seen that done. The menu reads nicely, broken into 5 courses, including desserts. First course lists salads, 2nd course list appetizer style dishes, 3rd and 4th are meats and fish. I had a bottle of syrah from Cochise County AZ. I ordered the beet salad, braised Kurobuta pork with potato custard, seared California Halibut with Putanesca puree and Cinnamon roasted duck breast. My lady had the roasted onion salad, Kurobuta pork and bacon scallop on corn puree. The beet salad was delicious. Tender, but not mushy ruby red beet that was nice and sweet. Served with lamb's lettuce. The pork dish was god damn phenomenal. It had the consistency of pork flavored butter. It melted in your mouth, It was served with a simple potato dauphinoise. The pork was the star of the evening. The halibut was crispy and moist at same time. It was accompanied with the puttanesca puree and basil oil, topped with shaved asparagus coins and olives. The cinnamon duck was also a hit. It came with roasted eggplant. Desserts were fairly good. I had the Orange Ricotta cheesecake and the lady had a "speckled" chocolate cake. It was a multi layered chocolate cake. My only complaint is that the music being played in the dining room didn't say "$160 meal" to me. I heard Hotel California, some Pink Floyd, etc. It was a bit distracting. But I love Chef Michael and his work, I love Paul, our server, and I love eating good food. So i recommend it to all who have an extra couple bucks in their pocket.
5	What a wonderful surprise to find Chef Michael DeMaria had opened another restaurant. Formerly, we were fans of Michael's at the Citadel.  The innovative concept for this restaurant is outstanding. It combines the ever changing freshest of ingredients with the most wonderful inspired recipes to offer just he perfect menu selections for those  for want a light meal or a heartier one. The menu outlines the chef fresh ingredient in the dish with its other components in a list from lighter to more complex. Everything from the first visual impression, the excellent knowledgeable wait staff, the delicious bread sticks and the wonderful menu is done with integrity and good taste.  We will definitely return on our next visit to Scottsdale.  We only wish we could visit more often as the menu change every month. Congratulations on a very novel restaurant innovation.
3	We tried out Heirloom - An American Restaurant on Saturday night.Sunday morning, as we were driving to church, my wife, out of the blue, blurts out, "Heirloom really wasn't all that special, was it?"When we walked into the restaurant, everything was shiny, and new, and we were greeted by the very friendly staff.As we awaited our friends, we read the menu, and a short description of their style of preparation.  It seems that the menu is divided in five smaller courses, with the starches served a' la carte.I decided to go with three courses 1.) a very nice beet salad, 2.) mussels, 3.) Sea BassEverything was very well prepared, savory, and pleasing, but it just seemed to lack that special, "Oh my Gosh, this is good! Not that the food was bad, it just wasn't....well...memorable.  Would I go back?  Sure.  But I would probably sample eateries that I have yet to sample first.I hesitate to write this review because, as a business owner, I know how difficult it can be to start a new business.  Particularly in this economy, and without all the snow-birds around.So...the food was good, not unlike food that you could obtain at scores of other places around town.  If I am going to go out and spend $100+ dollars for dinner, the food had better be spectacular, and the experience most memorable.Therefore, the three stars rating.  Sorry Heirloom.  Perhaps next time I can walk out amazed.As a side note, their website is offering a $25 certificate, of the price of a dinner for two.
5	I have concerns about Heirloom. Not about the food, which is fantastic (not quite 5 star fantastic, but 4.5 star fantastic). Nor the service, which is friendly and helpful. Nor about the atmosphere (well, somewhat about the atmosphere...it's quite lackluster). My concern is that Heirloom claims to be fine dining for our current economic times, when $50 entrees seem obscene. But what they've done is create a menu of less expensive small plates where you need to order at least 3 per person to be totally full, so you end up spending as much if not more as you would at other high-end establishments. On my visit, the place was practically dead. Granted, it was a weeknight, but I can't see how a place can survive with only 3 of its probably 15+ tables occupied. Especially not in such a high rent location, where restaurants have dropped out like flies. The menu changes weekly, which is really nice if you go to a place often, but who could possibly afford to come here often?! If you do go, they have a $25 off coupon on their website. Not 25 percent...25 DOLLARS! I would love to return to Heirloom every month to try chef Michael DeMaria's latest culinary creations, but that's certainly not within my budget. I'm afraid others have the same problem and that this place won't be around for long. Therein lie my concerns, because I really did love my meal!
2	As of  our last visit in September 2009, this restaurant still comes up short. My meal was not memorable, and the only thing my husband remebered was the main course of pork, which was quite good. The crab cake appetizer was a mess. The beet salad was puny, but good flavor. I won't beat the dead horse with a stick.  If  menu offerings and prices don't  change,  there could be another vacancy in DC Market--very unfortunate for us who live in north Scottsdale.
5	Excellent food and wine list
5	So very happy this place exists!! Not only does it have some of the best food my husband and I have ever tasted but it has wonderful and friendly service, a nice atmosphere and is only 2 minutes from where we live! : )When we arrived last night we had a 30 minute wait even with a booking....but it was a Friday night and we were offered drinks while we waited.When we were seated we were served promptly and looked after very well throughout our meal by some wonderful and very knowledgeable staff.Our meals were incredible! I had the Orange Honey Roast Duck and Foie Gras Tourchon on spaghetti squash and sweet potato puree. The duck was moist and tender, the sauce was delightful and the foie gras was the best I have ever tasted. My husband had the Veal Cutlet with Lump Crab, asparagus and bearnaise on red wine demi glaze which he loved and I can second that after sampling.....mmmm.....mmmm!For dessert (not supposed to be eating dessert but with a dessert menu like the one Heirloom has it is a necessity) we had the Sorbet and Cream which was comprised of two sorbets and two ice creams. The sorbets were sparkling berry and cinnamon pear both very tasty. The ice creams were honey goat cheese (yes honey goat cheese....I said to the waiter I was curious but a little scared to order this but after his reassurance went with it) ... amazing......the second ice cream though was my favorite...the balsamic fig ice cream.....yes I know that sounds wrong and you may even think I am reviewing the meals wrong but this was in fact a balsamic and fig ice cream and it was the best! We also tried the layered double chocolate mousse "speckle" cake with raspberry sauce which was very good.I had a cappuccino with dessert which was the best coffee I have tasted since moving to America....I wish I could have had it this morning also.Chef Michael also went around the tables to talk to his customers and thank them which was very nice. My husband apparently had dined at his previous restaurant several times and when he found out this was Michael's restaurant he said "well no wonder everything was so amazing!" .... he has been a big fan for a long time.Upon reading Michael's biography on his website I learned that he was trained by the superior chefs at the five star Arizona Biltmore. He has had many successes since then and I am sure many more to come.Another great thing about this restaurant is that the menu changes monthly and they prepare and serve locally grown and raised produce and meats.In a nutshell you must have a meal here! : )
3	I decided to try this restaurant because of the menu they had online.  I like that the menu changes monthy.  It looks like a nice restaurant, but the staff seemed a little to casually dressed for it.  First we ordered the pork cheek which I loved.  I loved enough to order again when I had to send my filet back.  It was too salty and I didn't like the crisp potato.  My husband had the duck and he said it was okay.  The server was quite nice.
3	My boyfriend and I went here on Friday to celebrate our anniversary and a late birthday dinner for me. The bread sticks appetizer with the red pepper hummus was delicious. We decided to do the prix fixe menu. I got the tomato soup, lamb and carrot cake bread pudding for dessert. The soup was pretty good, the lamb was very tasty especially considering it was my first time having it. The pesto sauce really enhanced the flavor. The carrot cake pudding was very flavorful but the rum ice cream was too much for me. For the most part, it was a very satisfactory meal. The only reason I rate this low is because I felt like we were neglected as customers by the chef and his wife. They made an effort to make the rounds to most of the tables but our only interaction with the chef was when he brought our appetizers out and he didn't even ask our names or how we were doing but I saw him chatting up other tables. Maybe it's because we look young and were by far the youngest in the restaurant by about 25 years?
5	Exxxxxxcellent food & maybe I would say orgasmic....omg!!!
