2	We went to this club on a Saturday night and I thought this place stunk (not literally); it was not worth the $10 cover charge.  This is not an ideal place to go if your in your mid-late twenties or younger. The crowd was older (lots of cougars) and it seemed kind of touristy. This bar did not represent the Charlotte night club scene well.I did like the overall atmosphere, different levels, and outdoor deck area.
4	Went here for a private party so I can't comment on the cover charge since I didn't have to pay one. The place is huge. They have a couple of outdoor areas. Since it was raining that night, one was covered and the other was not. There are several bars so you don't have to get stuck at one particular bar. They even have that over the top bathroom service. You know the kind where someone hands you paper towels and provides candy, gum, deodorant, tampons, hairspray. Just in case you forgot your own. LMAO.Anyway, hot bartender chicks at the front bar. Hot bartender guys at the back bar and I couldn't tell you what anyone looked like by the time I got to the roof bar. It was fun though. The music was great. Everyone had a good time.
2	I haven't been to Forum in a long time and it was not what I remembered. I went last night (Friday night) and it was dead. The crowd was very slim and somewhat diverse. I noticed that most people seemed to be very casual looking. It kind of reminded me of the people at club 2000 a long, long time ago. Unlike Emily's review, I didn't see too many people that looked older than their twenties. The drinks were good, but a little pricey. My friend pointed out that they had just jacked up the price of her usual. The music was typical club techno in the main part and the Latin music was alright, but that DJ upstairs was driving me crazy screaming about Detroit all night. It wasn't the worst experience I've ever had at a club, but in my opinion there are far better places to go.
2	My friends and I were deciding where to go for the after party from the Gaga concert and ended up at the forum.  The music on the dance floor was great with a decent crowd that really got into it.  The main issue we had was with the DJing - they weren't funny at all, almost annoying at times - most people were more interested in dancing and having a good time than hearing the DJ's long rants and attempts at joking.  Upon venturing onto the 3rd floor, there was a much more relaxed atmosphere of casual chat and drinking - but the music up there was sad at best.  Overall it was not a great experience and certainly not worth the 10 dollar cover and wait at the door.
