5	Still no cavities!!!I feel extremely blessed that I haven't had to endure any crazy dental work (aside from a gum graph I had years ago which I try to block out of my memory).  I've been going to Dr. Katz since I moved to AZ over 3 years ago based on the recommendation from my family; I totally recommend him to anyone who is looking for a dentist.  The hygienists I've had have all done a great job.  Today, Diane cleaned my teeth and they feel clean as can be!One thing that stands out at this office is that the front desk staff are friendly and extremely organized.  They call you to confirm your appointment and if you are trying to get in sooner, they will call if you request it when something opens up.  They also are great at working with your insurance company - i've never had a problem with that.Dr. Katz is extremely personable and always asks not only about how my mouth is doing, but about my work and hobbies as well.  He knows what Yelp is, so if you go, make sure to tell him you read about him on Yelp!
5	Still no cavities!!!I hope I can update my review of my dentist (Dr. Katz) the same way for years to come...My teeth feel sparkly and smooth today after my cleaning with Lucie.  I finally gave in and allowed her to take Xrays too... (not fun), but I survived.As I said in my original review, the front desk staff is still friendly and organized and a pleasure to work with... if you're looking for a dentist, give Dr. Katz a call!
5	I have lived near Dr. Katz for 7 years and didn't think to go to him.  A dentist in a strip mall - hmmm.  However, due to pure circumstance I made my first appointment six months ago.  What a great experience.  No waiting, right on time (a big plus in my book).   Front staff is genuine.  And, now I've had two of his hygienists.  Cannot find one thing to complain about.  No up selling, just plain dental work.  I will be a patient for a long time.
5	I love the feeling of sliding my tongue across my teeth and it feeling smooth and clean... Yes, it's time for an update as I just came from a dentist appointment.  For those keeping track, still no cavities!I've said before that "I hope I can update my review of my dentist (Dr. Katz) the same way for years to come," and I'm going strong as the staff is consistent and great at what they do, the cleanings are great and always on time, and everyone is super friendly.If you're looking for a dentist, you can't go wrong with Dr Katz!
5	Been to a few dentists, DR Katz is the best i've experienced & his staff is amazing..the practice feels very cozy & friendly. Dr Katz has gone as far as calling me himself to checkup on me after getting a crown put in, now thats a Dr that cares about his patients!
1	It's a great place to get your teeth worked on.  However, give it about a few months and then you receive a bill in the mail for some balance, even though you paid in full when you were there.  Now, the explanation was that due to the insurance not covering some minimal amount, making it worth it to ruin a good reputation by sending me a bill 5-6 months after.  The lady on the phone said that I just paid the estimate, and not the actual amount.  So why would this place misquote their customers?  I've been to a few dentists, and never has this happened to me, where I paid in full after the procedure was done, and then get another bill 5-6 months later.  Unbelievable.  Even though the dentist does great work on teeth for what you came in for, be careful of additional recommendations for extra($$$) work as it is not necessary to get right away(ex. root canal, crown, etc.),that's if your teeth don't hurt.  Am I going to be looking for a new dentist?  Mostly like yes, until this place gets their billing straightened out.  Remember, I wasn't looking for a freebie, as I paid over $500 to that place, the 5-6 months later bill was minimal, but it's the principal that counts.
5	Best dentist ever!! Recommend to anyone! Doctor Katz is very funny and kept me calm the entire time. People who hate the dentist will feel safe, for doctor Katz Is very gentle and kind :) 10/10 and front desk service is amazing!
5	Took me in for an emergency crown in 2013. Excellent dentist, the hygienists and his office staff. On time, thorough and reasonable. Sent me to excellent specialist the same day for the preparation for the crown. Purchased the Annual in house dental plan which includes 2 free cleanings and exams yearly, which is more reasonable than 2 visits in the greater KC area.
