5	I came here early this AM slightly panicked about a bizarre and excruciating foot pain instead of going to a hospital urgent care center and was pleasantly surprisedWait time was non-existent first thing in the morning and diagnostic quick and efficient. Greg was very nice, but more importantly very knowledgeable and able to explain my injury in a way I could easily understand.I highly highly recommend this clinic as a great alternative. I will definitely be returning the next time I need general primary care. A++.
5	I had a great experience at the clinic today. I was very sick and did not wait long at all to see the doctor. He was very nice and gave me plenty of time to ask questions. I don't have health insurance right now and the visit was reasonably priced. The clinic was clean and seemed new.I'll definitely recommend this clinic to my friends.
5	This clinic got me in and out in no time without making me feel like I was being rushed out. Dr. Chambers answered all of my questions and addressed my concerns in a manner that was easy to understand. He was friendly and reassuring, and the clinic itself was welcoming and provided a comfortable atmosphere. I am definitely going here rather than the Minute Clinic from now on!
5	Great experience. I was in and out in under 30 mins. There was essentially no wait time and the facility was very clean. Greg listened to me when he asked me questions about my symptoms and assured that he would be reaching out to me to follow up. I highly recommend this place.
5	I am very happy to have found this medical clinic. Convenient location, friendly staff and fast service.
3	I heard great things about this clinic and Greg from people whose opinions I respect.  However, sadly, my experience there was not quite as good,  I went on a weekend morning, and Greg was not working that day.  The Nurse Practitioner who saw me was very nice, but appeared mostly disinterested in me.  Once she ruled out the flu, it seemed as though she was eager to get me out of there.  She really gave me no time to talk about my concerns or about how my body usually reacts to respiratory illness, and, despite all the glowing reports I've heard about next-day follow-up phone calls to check on patients, I got none of that.  Quite frankly, she appeared a bit bored with the whole thing.  To further compound matters, she took a phone call while in the exam room with me (although she apologized for doing so).  That being said, I'm not dissatisfied with the care I got, but it just wasn't up to what I had hoped it would be, and I am disappointed.
