3	A good place for breakfast food with eggs pretty much any way you like them and coffee cake as an alternative to toast.  I had the El Vaquero omelette with chorizo this morning and it was excellent.  However, I sat at the bar and tired of watching all of the front of the house staff eat and or drink beverages in between serving customers.  Also, you pay your bill on the way out and are expected to stand in line in the doorway with the customers waiting for tables.  If they address both of these glaring service issues it will enhance the overall dining experience.
5	Went to mario batali's @ the palazzo the night before and this place whipped his ass.  The food was awesome and out of the kitchen in about 4 minutes.
4	The food here is great.  I made my own skillet and the stuff weighed like 3 lbs, and I happened to finish it all.  The service was excellent, the quality was amazing, and the coffee cake was pretty damn good.It is a little pricey just for breakfast, but I believe you get your bang for your buck.  They have a pretty good selection on their menu.  I'll definitely be back there again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	I am a montecristo sandwich connoisseur, and this place has definitely one of the best I've ever tasted.  All the other food was certainly passable breakfast fare.  The coffeecake was the lightest textured coffeecake I'd ever encountered.  Four stars for the montecristo, three for the food in general.
3	Great place for breakfast.  I had heard so much hype about this place, I guess maybe I was expecting a little bit more.  But, I definitely was not disappointed.  Food is fresh, service is outstanding, and portions are huge.  They had lemon coffee cake the day i was there, and it was definitely worth getting instead of the toast.I'm sure I'll be back there again.
4	I'm a fan of brunch places and I've added this one to my list. I went for the western omelet and was thoroughly satisfied. They also give you a choice of toast or coffee cake. Umm coffee cake please! This is a good place to stop and load up your last morning in Vegas before the looooong drive back home.
4	Weekends are meant for indulging...and what better way than a ridiculously huge breakfast that will definitely clog your arteries?A neighborhood favorite, there's definitely a wait if you want to score a table inside.  If you're willing to deal with the summer heat, there are plenty of tables outside and a mister that might help out a tad bit.  If your party is small enough, watch out for the counter because that's first come, first serve.  And you'll get first hand view of how this busy breakfast place keeps their food spitting out like fire!The Big F was easily lured by the Chicken Fried Steak for $10.95.  It comes with two eggs, seasoned potatoes or hashed browns and a choice of toast or coffee cake.  A nice generous portion, he was definitely pleased with his order.I went for the The Californian omelets for $9.95.  It comes with sliced bacon and jack cheese in the inside and sliced avocado on top.  It was definitely a generous portion, and I couldn't finish my order.Looking around, the orders are HUGE here.  Salads are gigantic and definitely meant for sharing!  Sandwiches, burgers, and skillets are also on the menu.  I don't think many people really finish their brunch here because it's just that big! The Cracked Egg is definitely doing something right because the masses do keep coming.
4	DELICIOUS!My first time here will definitely make me think twice about going to Denny's or IHOP ever again.  It's a shame that I don't have a Cracked Egg near me.The location definitely reminded me of a lil' mom n' pop restaraunt, with funny and quirky signs that will pull out a smile or two.  A lot of the meals waver above and below $10, but you definitely get what you pay for.  Hearty portions with the taste to match.  It was a nice trip away from the buffets on the strip for a nice brunch.  Our service for our big group was quick and friendly.  I will definitely be making a return visit!
3	Pretty cool joint for b-fast I guess.  not a good hangover spot-too loud.  Yummy everything though.  Eggs bennie, waffles, some crazy contraption called the cracked egg croissant which is so right.minus 1 star for the noise, another for no mimosas.I should take another one off for the totally spaced out gang of hostesses working at the front who coudnt understand the meaning of "in a hurry" to save their life.I will let it slide.
1	I went to this place with my son and my husband.  The place was packed!! I had never felt more uncomfortable in any other place I have been to.  I had never experienced someone treating me differently because of the language I spoke.  I was speaking to my son in spanish when the waitress came up and she rolled her eyes.  I asked her if she had a problem and she was like "no, what are you going to order?", I ignored it and ordered some food.  By the time it got there my son was getting antsy and all the staff ( the waitress, hostess, manager) were looking at us.  I asked the waitress to wrap up the food to go cause I hate listening to children cry when Im eating and Im sure other people do to, so I was going to leave.  The manager came up and asked if there was a problem and I said no that my son was just antsy, the waitress and hostess laughing in the background looking at us.  I then said to the manager how uncomfortable it was how everyone was treating us.  He followed by saying  'I don"t believe they would do that, I wouldn't allow it."  I said "I am not asking you if you believe me or not I am telling you what happened".  Long story short, we left.  The food I ate in the car sucked, seriously not just cause I was upset.  I have ordered food to go from mimmy's for breakfast and it kicked ass this was just bland!  I would recommend Denny's over this place.
3	The food is good, but the crowd is out of control.  It's a wait to get in and you feel crammed in.  There are way to many tables in this little joint.  The service comes around as fast as they can, but if you look spanish (which I do even though I'm not Spanish at all) you may wait a while.  I thought it was just me, but I see that someone else has had the feeling that they are not wanted there.  I got a few looks at first, but when the waitress came and spoke to me and my vocab was better then hers I got better treatment.Anyway, the food was okay.  No better then any Denny's or IHOP I've ever been too.  You have more room to eat, a quieter meal, and better service at IHOP.  Sorry, but it's the truth.But if you like a room filled with noisy loud people(Like high school cafateria loud), this is the place for you.
3	Pretty good but nothing special. Definitely better than IHOP or Denny's, though. Have a few interesting omelettes and scrambles but nothign to really write home about. Would go again if I'm in the area and looking for breakfast but not making a special trip.
3	I like coconuts. I like french toast. I like fruit. So, the tropical french toast was an obvious pick. Loved it. The portions were huge and enough for two people. Other stuff i've tried on previous visits include:- croissant french toast: not my favorite, the french toast croissant was too mushy- raspberry stuffed french toast: delicious- chocolate chip pancakes: good, but nothing spectacular- philly cheesesteak: surprisingly good, a little on the small side, chicken was very tender, plenty of onions and peppers, bread was nice and chewy and freshThe service tends to be on the slow side no matter the day or time. The last time I went was a Monday morning and there were maybe 2 other groups in whole place. It still took a while to get my order in. Didn't see my waitress again until we flagged her down to get the check. But, you're not paying for the service or ambiance. Just good breakfast and lunch food.
5	Came here with Steven during our vay-cay in Vegas. Again, found out about this place thru Yelp, starving for something to eat for breakfast after over-sleeping. And again, Yelp did not fail us!There were lots of reviews complaining about over-crowding and the place being uncomfortably jammed packed, but we didn't have that problem at all! Perhaps it was cause we came on a Tuesday morning? Anyways, wouldn't the fact that it's supposedly always crowded fact that it's a popular/awesome place to eat? I would think so!Anyways, the food: GREAT. I ordered a Tropical French Toast while the bf got the Southwestern Scramble. Shredded coconut + macadamia pieces + bananas +french toast = freakin awesome! With the coconut and the macadamia, you really don't even need the syrup or butter! The Southwestern Scramble was delicious as well: Omelet with cheese and other yummy goodness, seasoned potatoes and sausages.  In the words of one of my friends, "anything southwestern is good!" And I totally agree! I also got some protien in the form of some turkey sausage patties, or was it chicken? I don't remember, but it was yummy too =]All in all, I wish this place existed closer to home!
4	We've eaten here at least 20 times... Initially I would probably give it 5 stars but after going so many times maybe I'm just used to the great, fresh food?Anyways, it's definitely one of our favorites for breakfast and I highly recommend it. Burgers are great and so is the huge Cobb salad, breakfasts are yummy too. The service is usually spot on and we've never had a complaint.
3	Good Food, a bit over priced I feel for what you actually get not by much though.  Always very busy though.   Food is consistant.  Nothing amazing but a nice breakfeast place, probobly have to wait if you go on the weekend morning though
4	The food here is great!!! Very fresh and hot. Nice size portions.  Service is good. It's a busy place and those ladies do a great job. I'm a repeat customer. Killer breakfast!!! Buy local!!!!
5	Andrew and I's favorite place. Our Weekend Rituals =) ( 15+ times)Coffee Cake is amazing..Breakfast is always a pleaser...but the Lunch is hit and miss, the side salad is HUGE and fresh! PS. If you sit at the bar (we usually do) the service is just a tad bit slower and you are tormented by seeing everyone elses food in the window =)We Love Cracked Egg!Don't forget to ask for Erin! She is the Best and we love seeing her at least once a week!
5	Good god this food was GOOD! Only a slight wait when we got there in the late morning for breakfast on a Saturday morning, but the food was SO worth it.  Not big on service, but that's not why you go here.  I LOVED the extensive Gluten Free Menu and was thrilled to death.  One of the only GF options for breakfasts I've ever been to and I was so excited to find one while we were in Vegas on vacation! Would definitely recommend and return each and every time we go back! A ways away from the strip though, drive, as the taxi will be $$!
5	Yummmmmm. Perfection.  Try the tropical French toast.
4	I have been here a number of times. My latest visit was just this morning at the crack of dawn, which is very unusual for me. But I figured I was up and hungry so why not get good breakfast. Ordered Eggs Benedict with hash browns and why not add on a short stack it wouldn't be breakfast without them!  The eggs benedict was delicious, Canadian bacon, poached eggs covered in hollandaise sauce YUM! Could have gone without the hash browns not their best day.  But the short stack made up for them they were perfectly fluffy and just what I was craving. Good food and always great service keeps me coming back.!
4	Great lunch place. Very spacious with lots of booths. Located near a Starbucks. This place delivers quality food. The hamburgers are delicious and cooked perfectly. Flavorful moist tender meat. in between a hot soft bun. I also had the eggs Benedict. Nice presentation. The Hollandaise sauce was alright. It seems generic to me. It taste like it came  from  a jar. The fries and hash browns are a definite 5 star. Service was blazing fast and super friendly. I like this place :-)
3	I love breakfast and this place is a fam fav.  we love to come here on a sunday to start our day with a light yummy brunch.i'm giving it 3 stars because the girls who are behind the counter NEVER look friendly.  they are the welcome you see when you walk in... sometimes the looks on their faces are uncomfortable.. it's weird.don't expect a smile when U come in.  it's really rare they look happy.. but think it's life issues they wear on their face.. so i don't take it personal. neither should you.the plus:  THE FOOD! and the waitresses on the other hand are really friendly and helpful with ordering tips.  food comes quick and the portions are perfect for the price.  there's a lot of omelets to choose from.. my favs are the south andnorth shore.  daughter and I love the stuffed p b and j French toast.. tah-die!
5	We stopped here for breakfast on the way out of town. I was starving and was kind of "buffet-ed out."  We consulted Yelp and found The Cracked Egg.This place serves large portions of good food, and everything comes with coffee cake...how can that be bad? Here is what we ordered:Turkey sausage and eggs- My scrambled eggs were cooked perfectly and were light and fluffy. The turkey sausage appeared to be housemade and there were 3 generous medallions. I substituted cottage cheese for the potatoes without a problem.Joe's scramble-This is basically everything but the kitchen sink held together by some eggs. Wow this was huge and delicious! It came with a gigantic portion of hash browns.Breakfast came with peanut butter, chocolate chip coffee cake. The cake was warm and fluffy and gooey and sinful. Oh and did I mention big? Yeah, the pieces of coffee cake were massive!The service was fast and friendly! This is a cute little place and we willdefinitely be back next time we are in Vegas.
5	The best coffee cake I have ever had!
5	I love the Cracked Egg! We stopped by on our way out of town, and I'm so glad we did! The coffee is always good, the coffee CAKE is always good... and service is always good! It's the best little breakfast joint a girl could hope for!Last time I went, I got the egg white omelet, which is something I've never had before. I expected it to taste... healthy. However, I was very surprised at the amazing flavor, because it had peppers and salsa to go with it. It was delicious! And less guilt! (Don't worry - I made up for it with the coffee cake scarfage).Our whole group loved all the dishes we got, and left with a full belly and smiles on our faces... Now to stay out of our food comas for the car ride back to LA...
2	OK food but nasty attitude from owner. As I was paying my bill I casually suggested they add Wi-Fi. The owner glared at me and said "Why? Just so customers will sit around all day and never turn over the tables?" Sorry, Cracked Egg, there are hundreds of places in Vegas where I can get a good breakfast without the attitude (and with Wi-Fi!).
5	I am not from Vegas.. been to Vegas about 1000 times and i can never get enough of this place!! i would eat breakfast here everyday if i could!! They say a word of a great place travels far... i say its true! Healthy creations if you are into the health kick or the good old traditional menu and great creative items. cant wait to come back!
5	There is no better place to go for a great, easy breakfast in Vegas for the price.They have such a wide selection of egg dishes for breakfast, delicious stuffed french toast, a wide range of lunch selections... total food boner.The eggs are always done perfectly, the toast is crisp but not burnt, the service is excellent... it's an awesome modern diner.Also, Cracked Egg is giving Poppy's Frozen Yogurt a run for its money with the jailbait cashiers.
5	Great food and service, consistently.
4	I've always enjoyed a good breakfast. Mom always said that it's the days most important meal - here, breakfast never fails. I've been going to this location for a few years now. Im there for lunch half the time, and the other half is when I call in for a pick up. Denny's doesn't even come close. The reason I like it here is because I like Cracker Barrel. So if you're looking for a Cracker Barrel alternative - find your nearest Cracked Egg.
4	i am a breakfast girl. morning, afternoon, and my favorite...night! i went here for a late breakfast one morning after the boy constantly hints that he craves it. he use to be a regular here apparently and i caught that as soon as we walked in. the servers knew him and remembered him (by name) all the way to what he orders. he loves the lowfat scramble without any green chilis. i ordered the veggie benny. (i'm a sucker for the benedicts and i love veggies.) the waitresses and waiters were all very nice and attentive. the food came quickly. we had a bagel and banana in the meantime to snack on. when my veggie benny came i was in love with all the bright colors of it. pretty food! the only thing i didn't care for was when they said "smothered in holliandaise sauce" they really meant it. it took away some of the flavor of my fresh spinach and tomatos sadly. next time i will have to make sure to ask them to go easy. we shared my seasoned potatos and those were pretty good. greasy but good.i would give it 3 stars because it was pretty basic and for the holliandaise factor, but the service made me want to come back. everyone was very nice and the bill was cheap.
3	I heart breakfast. I just wish Vegas had more solid choices for breakfast.  The Cracked Egg,  I have to say is unfortunately overrated. They have a few stellar dishes, but overall I think it's skims by as ok. I enjoy the Tropical French Toast and some of the egg dishes, but I'm always disappointed by the potatoes. I'm really picky about potatoes and these dried montrosities are overseasoned to the point where I feel like I'm chugging Mrs. Dash. Ew, right? If I'm having breakfast, I need hash browns, o'briens, seasoned potatoes, something to quench that potato-hunger and this place just doesn't do it.I come here most of the time because; 1. because it's close to where I live and 2. because I don't have that many other options for breakfast in town. I guess I'm supposed to try the coffee cake here, but I'm just not that enticed. I'll give anything a try, so in the name of fairness to this place the next time I'm there I'll be trying the coffee cake... hey, I might even like it. Until then, this place just doesn't really live up to the hype.
5	heard nothing but great things about this place and had to try it out with my best gal pals. although, there was a groupon for this place not too long ago and totally regret not getting it now!anyway, we went in on sunday morning around 930 or so. planned on breakfast before they all headed back to LA. it started off amazing! we got princess parking (aka parking right by the door)!!! we walked in and the place was almost full. luckily we got sat right away. shortly after we sat, the restaurant filled up, and by the time we ordered food they were on a wait. yey us!!!service was awesome!!! food was amazing!!!we ordered:chicken tenders, gravy and eggspumpkin chocolate chip coffee cakebanana chocolate chipveggie benedictcorned beef hashjust a little heads up - corned beef hash isnt a traditional kinda corned beef hash. it was actually sliced corned beefwill definetely be back!
5	This has to be my second brunch place, just behind Bea Bea's in Burbank. However, this would make it my favorite brunch place in Vegas! I was on a gal pals weekender trip to Vegas and we choose The Cracked Egg to end our two days of gorging (which is what gal pals do: get fat together and chat about life and getting fat). We lucked out as we were seated right away. The service was prompt and attentive. Our server took our drink order within a minute of us being seated and seemed to return with beverages almost instantly after. The menu is just stocked but not too stocked (i.e. Jerry's Famous Deli). It seemed like everything was really well planned and that they only put real bangers on their list of offerings. We asked for recommendations and were informed that all of the boxed items were considered the more popular and highly demanded items so we paid those extra attention, but our server also shared some of her favorites. A staffer with favorites that aren't boxed tells me the food's awesome either way so I was excited. We all decided to pick an item and then eat our meal family style. What we selected were:- Chocolate chip banana pancakes: I usually see banana pancakes OR chocolate chip pancakes so seeing both in one on a menu made it an automatic selection. They were everything I wanted and more. The dish came with three pancakes, all ozzing with melty chips and sweetened by bananas that were juuuust about caramelized, but still fresh tasting. They were so good I didn't need butter or syrup, but I still smeared butter, because I can't deny my inner fatty. - Chicken tenders, gravy, and eggsHow have I not had this before? The chicken tenders were great on their own, but with The Cracked Egg's gravy, hashbrowns, and over medium eggs, we were swooning. (only critique is that I prefer my hashbrowns a little browner)- Corned beef hashReally good. I consider it a cleaner version than the usual greasy and chunky standard, but I enjoyed it. - Veggie BenedictIt seemed plain with just avocado and tomato but, man, was it tasty. The tomato was lightly cooked so it oozed flavor and was delicious combined with the avocado, hollandaise, and yolk from the poached egg. - Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Coffee CakeYou mean this was FREE? We got two pieces since two of our dishes (the corned beef and tenders) came with an option of biscuit or coffee cake. This was ABSOFRIKKINLUTELY a surprise. This took your usual coffee cake, grabbed it by throat, and kicked it in its genitalia. Oh and the prices were really fair for brunch (cuz, yaknow, LA brunch like to act like it deserves dinner prices). By the time we left, the place was swamped, but the staff was very visibly keeping everything moving so I don't think anyone waited too long. This was the perfect spot to end our weekend and I hope I'm back in Vegas soon to hit up those tenders!
4	My love affair with The Cracked Egg started at this location and migrated to the Cheyenne location when I bought a home in Summerlin.I'm still partial to this location mainly because it is more spacious and has a really light, fun ambiance to it. Their food is always fresh and interesting and I've never had a bad meal here. I tried the Vaquero omelet which had green chilis, chorizo, salsa, and lots of cheese, sour cream, and salsa smothered on top. This was one heavy, flavorful dish but the eggs were still fluffy and made me want to nom nom nom all day. The sourdough toast was also really interesting and I'd definitely get that again, that's for sure! If you are looking for something lighter you need to try the banana walnut pancakes because they are heavenly.If you are in search of a solid, inexpensive breakfast with a fun atmosphere and friendly waitstaff then eat at The Cracked Egg and thank me later.
5	I came in a with a Groupon to give this place a tryWasn't expecting much...  so I was blown away with great service, good biscuts and gravy, and the best Monte Cristo I've had in decades I'll be back as soon as I can work off the calories
3	I personally think this is an ok place. I would actually rather have IHOP over the Cracked Egg. My fiance and I ordered Steak and Eggs, as our no carb breakfast.. It was not done correctly, but they took so long to even cook it that i didnt want to change it. I had to eat this tough piece of meat and I couldnt even finish it because my gums started hurting.I have been here a few times before, so I want to give them the benefit of the doubt. Our server was really nice, and it wasnt her fault that the cooks didnt cook it correctly. And the previous times I have been here, I choose something simple like oatmeal and stuff. There are better breakfast places around I say.
4	Out-of-towner's first visit.After the debacle that was our dinner at a downtown buffet the night before, we were particularly hoping for a good breakfast. The man-child picked out this location after looking online. Bright and clean - we only waited about 10 min for a table.Hostess friendly. Someone stopped by right away and took our drink orders. The server came by very soon after that to make sure our drinks had been ordered and since we were first-timer's gave us time to make our selections. Food came quickly.I can't remember exactly what I had - something in a skillet - potatoes and eggs. Yum. Coffeecake - good but very rich and more suited to a dessert. Man-child had no problem assisting me by eating 2/3rds of it.. He had an omelette and kept saying "I don't usually eat omelettes but this is good!"He already sees a return visit in his future during our next trip to Vegas.
4	Good breakfast...great service...long wait on Sunday's!!!
5	Great place for brunch! Eggs Benedict were great, as was the peanut butter French toast. Service was also great!
4	Great food! It has a home feel to it. I would go back.
4	I love breakfast!  Therefore I love The Cracked Egg!  It's only one of three places in Vegas I'll even contemplate eating breakfast at (the other two being Hash House A Go Go and The Black Bear Diner).  If you're a fan of good coffee cake, that makes it almost worth the visit alone!  Depending on the time of year, it's always a different type.  I've had everything from pumpkin flavor to chocolate chip to apple...and they're all amazing!And every type of egg and omelet you could want is on the menu.  All super tasty as well.  Very good french toast too.  The tropical french toast is to die for!  And they have some of the best coffee I've ever had.
3	The Cracked Egg is very overrated.  For a breakfast place, it's just okay.  There are many other coffee shops in Vegas that serve a better breakfast.  I ate there twice only because I had a groupon.  I would not eat there if I had to pay full price.
5	If one of my friends was reading this post, she would immediately know my identity.  This place is my all time favorite breakfast nook.  I call it the crack house.  (Okay parents, just sensor me.  I don't write for kids.  Just have your kids read Dr. Seus' Green Eggs and Ham.)  This crack house is extremely addictive.   I don't even know where to begin.  These house potatoes are so delicious.  It's size, seasoning and crispy is just yummieee.   My favorite dish is the eggs benny.  The balance and quality of the ingredients creates such a perfect harmony.  Another favorite thing here is the coffee cake.  It's a different cake all time.  It's fresh, piping hot and intoxicating!  To bad most men aren't like that.  - Uh, did I go off topic again? -M2
4	Went here for breakfast after dropping my little dude off to preschool. Not crowded at all so I took a seat at the counter. The menu was quite extensive and I REALLY REALLY wanted the Peanut Butter French Toast with honey and bananas....however...I had a hot yoga class at 10 am and didn't want to puke in the middle of it. I opted for an egg white omelet, seasoned potatoes and sourdough toast. Also I decided to throw in a coffee and fresh squeezed grapefruit juice (no joke...it was fresh squeezed). It was delightful. Perfectly cooked, seasoned and yummy. Will be back there many times when I have to take the kids to school.
4	4 1/2  starsAaaagh breakfast.  What a fantastic meal.  The trick is to eat it at about 11 so it spans 2 meal time frames.  Plus, at the cracked egg, you'll get enough for both!Met a girlfriend for a nice Sunday morning chat with eggs.  Surprisingly, waited only 10 minutes!She had the turkey sausage with scrambled eggs, potatoes, and chocolate chip coffee cake.  I didn't see much left when she was done....must have been delicious! Was $7.95 plus $3 for juice.I had the chicken tenders with gravy, potatoes, eggs, and sourdough toast.  All the goodness you can possibly imagine on one plate. Mine was $12.95, plus $2 for coffee and tip = $18.  Kinda of pricey for breakfast, but I took half home.  The portion was ginormous!The eggs were cooked perfectly.  The coffee was good and refilled.  Once again, no lattes, cappucino or espresso.  MEMO to all breakfast places: Get a freakin espresso machine! Then, you can charge $$$ for that sweet nectar of life! The potatoed were cripsy, which is good, but otherwise not very flavorful.  However, the mixed nicely wth all the gravy and gooey egg yolk on my plate.Service was friendly and speedy.A very satisfying breakfast!  They've got it right over here!
4	One of my favorite breakfast places in Vegas.  The coffee cake is ridiculously good!  The staff is usually very nice, the place is clean and well lit.  I've tried several things on the menu and have not been disappointed by any yet.
4	Very consistently good breakfast. We usually hit up Cracked Egg the Sunday morning after a Sin City Rollergirls bout when I'm sore, stiff, dehydrated (not sure if it was from the bout or after party), and may or may not have have showered yet. Cracked Egg Veggie Omelet, seasoned potatoes, and sourdough toast are usually just what the doc ordered.There's usually a bit of a wait but I don't think we've had to wait any longer than 10 minutes.  The waitresses are always friendly and I don't think they've ever made a mistake on our order. The food isn't "OMG SO GOOD" but it's always tasty. The broccoli in my veggie omelet is always nice and great. Love the seasoned potatoes. There's usually excellent people watching and clearly some folks who never actually made it home the night before.
5	I eat here about two times a week. I LOVE LIZ she is the best server in the place. breakfast, lunch, oatmeal, eggs, burgers youj name it it is all really good. I have been going here for about two years.....YUMMMMMMY
4	I do love eggs, and this place makes egg-ceptional eggs.  They are egg-celent actually, and you can do many things while eating eggs.  You can read an egg-sistentilent novel, study for an egg-xam, or fight Dr. Eggman in Sonic the Hedgehog, or just eat breakfast with me while I make bad puns all morning.The place is rather big and clean, so while lots of people come here there is often either little or no wait for a table or counter seat.  Wait staff was nice and attentive, almost taking my order right away when they saw I wasn't looking at my menu anymore.  Ordered coffee and a Southwest skillet.Coffee wasn't really the best I have had, but the food was simply excellent.  That southwest skillet was absolutely delicious, and I highly recommend it to anyone craving a mexican style breakfast.  Salsa was a bit too mild though, but then again I have a perchance for liking to punish my digestive system with spicy food, so don't mind me :).  I would definitely come back here.  It is a little pricer than eating at ihop or denny's, but it's absolutely worth it.PROS:Delicious, well-made eggsLarge and cleanGood wait staff.CONS:Coffee isn't that greatTHE VERDICT:  Will keep coming here.
5	A classic diner atmosphere including thick, insulated coffee mugs that never went empty. I had the eggs with biscuits & gravy. Thick, sausagy gravy and home made biscuits hit the spot.  My boyfriend had a skillet scrambled egg dish and said it was excellent. The wait wasn't long, prices were decent, and the food was great. I'll definitely be back.
4	My wife and I went to The Cracked Egg today for a late breakfast - what can I say? We like to sleep in on Sundays.I probably ordered badly choosing a sandwich at what is undeniably a breakfast joint, I can't recall the name, but it was roast beef, red onion, tomato and lettuce on sourdough sliced bread with "horseradish mayonaise" - The sandwich was of undeniable high quality, but I was disappointed that I couldn't detect any distinctive horseradish taste in the mayo - it just tasted like standard Best Foods to me. I quite enjoyed the seasoned potatoes that accompanied my meal.Wife had a skillet of some sort involving scrambled eggs with cream cheese and scallions, some hash browns and toasted English muffins. She enjoyed the lot, although wasn't so impressed with her hash browns - we both have very exacting standards when it comes to these.Overall we were prettty happy with our meal there - I would definitely order differently next time. For a ten buck sandwich I received something too close to what I could easily slap together at home, but the menu is reasonably extensive and the place was doing a roaring trade late Sunday morning. We will be back for further exploration.
3	I think the food here is "aiiight". This is the nearest breakfast joint we have to our house. Besides, the hubby likes it here so I'm there if I like it or not. HAHA The pancakes and syrup are yummy though. The mr. always gets the pancakes. I, on the hand, try different items on the menu. Therefore, it's really a hit or miss with the "non-breakfast" items. I had the tuna melt it was OK. It was a little tart because there was a lot of relish in there. The Monte Cristo sandwich has got to be taken off the menu that was nasty! Kind of bummed about it cause I barely ate anything. Walked out with an empty stomach. I had the mushroom swiss burger and it was good, however, I noticed the patty was already cut in half. Who in the right mind cuts a burger patty in half and then serve it? I've always had the create your own skillet thingy. That was good BUT a little skimpy on some ingredients. All-in-all the food is mediocre. Not too shabby for a breakfast, brunch or lunch place.
3	Not really sure why this place is so popular. My friends wanted to eat here after the AIDS walk. So of course, the first thing I do is check Yelp for some suggested dishes. Because everyone kept mentioning the coffee cake, I made sure to order something that came with that option.I decided on the veggie skillet with over easy eggs. The first thing that came out was the coffee cake and I have to say, I am not a fan. The flavor was OK. I just didn't like the texture. Fortunately, the veggie skillet was good. It felt healthy and not at all greasy.Overall, this place is A-OK. They didn't leave enough of an impression on me, but I'd come back if that's what the group wants.
2	i stopped coming her because im not a fan. the servers all have attitudes and the food isnt the best.
4	My friend and I wanted to try this place out. She's lives in Vegas but doesn't usually eat breakfast until I came to visit. She had the corned beef hash which is not what you'd expect. It's thinly slice strips of corned beef cooked with onions and bell peppers. She was expecting the more mushy type but she still enjoyed this one. I ordered the eggs benedict which was really good. The hollandaise sauce was delicious! The coffee cake itself was so soft of fluffy. mmmm I'd like to come back to try some of their other breakfast dishes. Gotta wait till October to come back to Vegas though. Oh well, this will be worth the wait.
5	Gluten-free and Las Vegas doesn't go well together.  When you do find a breakfast place that does cater to the gluten-free people in Vegas, you have to visit!  We wanted breakfast, but nothing on the strip is gluten-free friendly.  We searched online and found "The Cracked Egg."  A local breakfast spot that has three locations in Vegas that indeed caters to people eating gluten-free!  We were excited and drove to the south Vegas location.After going the wrong way off the freeway, we turned around and found "The Cracked Egg."  It is in a nice little outdoor strip mall/  Easy to find once you get going the right way. Upon walking in, we were greeted by the hostess, told them we would like the gluten-free menu and that we wanted to eat outside on their patio.  If you get a chance and it isn't 100 degrees outside yet, take advantage of eating outside on the patio!The gluten-free menu is two full pages!  Yes...you can order gluten-free pancakes and french toast here!!  After studying the menus, we decided upon an omelet and a scramble. Both were huge portioned and VERY, VERY delicious!  It's places like this that makes me love breakfast food!The staff here is very friendly and helpful.  They always had a smile on their faces.  Oh...I can't forget...they have those chocolate mints up at the cash register.  The pricing is a few dollars more than I expected, but it's a breakfast spot and it's in Vegas.While it may not be on the strip, "The Cracked Egg" is about only a 5-10 min. drive away.  It well worth the drive to have a breakfast that's delicious and gluten-free!
4	Raspberry stuffed french toast.......enough said
3	There's a lot of potential for this place to have four stars, and I just might have to up my review the next time around when I return here and browse through the variety of breakfast items this place truly has. While I did arrive with a large group one Sunday morning and the wait was nearly 35-45 minutes for us, they did their best to accommodate us in the same section near each other.I went with the veggie skillet, might I add was very tasty (I was able to get choice of how my eggs were cooked, as well as toast to go with). It was delicious, and what I thought was a "healthy alternative" probably wasn't because of the excessive amount of cheese that was packed into it (not to say I don't love cheese, but next time I'll be sure to request to tone it down a little more).This location was extremely busy the Sunday morning I went, and because of such the service did take longer than usual. While I won't hold the service against that because it was busy (and knowing how that gets from working in a restaurant industry), I'd definitely like to return here to see what else there is to try.
5	Some of the best breakfast in town! The hostesses are young and ditzy sometimes, but the waitress we usually get is always super nice and attentive. The coffee cake NEVER fails and is always delish, no matter what flavor! I highly suggest the Taylor's scramble, build your own skillets, and the oatmeal. It's not your average oatmeal. Comes with half and half, raisins, granola, fresh berries, brown sugar, etc. It is the best oatmeal I have ever eaten and the ingredients and so fresh. If you join their breakfast club, they send you coupons in the mail all the time too. There really isn't a bad thing to say about this place, except that if you get there between 9-10am, you are going to wait a while for a seat! My boyfriend and I visit at least twice a month!
3	I'm not a morning person, period, but all this week I've had to get up at 4:30am. Today, I decided to come here because I doubt I'd have another perfect chance. Upon entry, I had to wait a few minutes before I was acknowledged. I asked for the patio because it was early and it wouldn't be so hot (this was about 8:20am).The hostess was polite, sure, but nothing super friendly. Oh, EVEN BETTER!@ The waitress! Omg, she came with her notepad and asked for my order, the end. I thought she had a grudge against me or something. I got my check super fast so I also felt like she wanted me to leave asap. She asked if I needed a box when she gave me my check so I don't know if I looked like I was ready to leave or if she was mad that I got the patio and she had to walk out to check up on me or something.The food was decent; the portions were big (for me). I got 3 sausage links (they also come in patties) and lots of hash browns and my 2 eggs. They also offer you the seasoned potatoes if you don't want the hash browns. You also get another side and I chose the coffee cake. It was bitter, but not that shabby.I signed up for their loyalty card in case I ever needed it. Maybe I'll try another location to check up on service. This third lady (I got helped by 3 people total) looked like she was the owner or manager or someone of that level. She was much more friendly and she processed my loyalty card and gave me points for it without me asking for it since I had forgotten about handing the card over to my waitress.Overall, I hope I get better service if I get the chance to eat here again.
5	What's not to like about this local b'fast spot. Walked in and it was busy (+). Got seated right away and the server, Alice, could not have been nicer or more attentive from start to finish. I made a few adjustments to a menu item - which she accommodated without a blink. Service was brisk, refills often and prices fair.  She also recommended the homemade (and served warm) coffee cake instead of toast - bonus round. I like that they only do b'fast and lunch and shut it down at 2pm (weekdays) - stick with what you know and do it well.
5	Best breakfast in the world. Great staff. Great prices. Enough said.
3	Every once in a while my boss will take us to breakfast and when he does, The Cracked Egg is where we usually go. It's simple but good breakfast foods, at a fair price. On our last visit, I decided to create my own skillet. Skillets come with seasoned potatoes, two eggs, and various different toppings... I went with ham, cheese and mushrooms. It was served with a side of toast.Some places seem to dress these sort of skillet dishes with grease, but not here. It was great, plenty of all of the ingredients but not too much of anything... We were served quickly and our drinks were never empty. Overall, a good place for your morning meal.
4	Great breakfast spot! Casual atmosphere and good food. Veggie Benny is YUM!
4	Always noticed this driving and visiting Archie's for lunch (in the same complex). I asked the server if this place was related to "Egg Works" / "Egg and I"? She replied "the owner here used to be a part owner of Egg and I.." Similarities in the menu were obvious.. " Well, I'm a fan of Egg and I, so I guess this place should be good too?! Coffee Cake: Fresh, Spongy Soft, a little sweet/cinnamony.. Delicious! Reminded me of the 'Heavenly' Banana Nut muffin at Egg and I..Homemade Corned Beef Hash: Real corned beef, short slices mixed with diced onions and bell peppers.. Eggs on top (I opted for egg whites this time). I went with their hashbrowns, it came on a separate dish (decent size). The Corned Beef was good, better than the usual canned versions. Hash Browns were average.Chicken Fried Steak, Gravy and Eggs: Nicely portioned, chicken and gravy was good, eggs scrambled, seasoned potatoes (identical to seasoned potatoes at Egg and I) came as little fried treats with heavy seasoning and the white toast just like at every other restaurant.Service, Atmosphere, Value and Taste: Overall, just squeezed into the 4 star level, in my opinion (the coffee cake gave them the edge). I plan to try more of their offerings.. If you like Egg and I, then you should feel the same for this place.. Or if your a breakfast person, it should satisfy!
4	I had the huevos rancheros and boy were they delicious.  The carnitas that they served with them were delicious, and the green sauce (probably tomatillo) that topped them and the beans was delicious as well.  They also have old school shredded hash browns!  I was so excited about this, you rarely see them anymore, usually it's now breakfast potatoes, which I'm not a big fan of.  The hash browns were great, crispy on the outside and smooth/fluffy on the inside, delicious!  The service here was good too; I was doing a working breakfast and my waitress was nice enough to only stop by a couple of times outside of taking my order and delivering my food and then clearing.  Overall, I would say if you want a solid and tasty breakfast here would be a good place to go.
5	Best breakfast we had while in Vegas. Easy going atmosphere... staff were nice.  The service was fairly fast...  but.. the food was fantastic! If you are looking for a very good breakfast at a reasonable cost... stop in and give them a try. We will go back for sure.
3	Good customer service is as crucial as good food. Although the food was quite delicious, the bad service we experienced left a horrible taste in my mouth.My husband and I went for Sunday brunch and the hostess told us the wait would be about 20 minutes. The wait area inside was full so we waited outside with about 15 other people. We figured with this many people waiting that this place had to be good. About 25 minutes later, my husband checked with the hostess and she said she called his name about 20 minutes ago. Funny thing was that while my husband was inside talking to the hostess, a party of 5 next to me complained that they were never called and the hostess insisted she called them. They were more bothered (as was I) that the hostess insisted she called their name and didn't apologize for the inconvenience. A group of 4 who just paid walked out and were complaining about the rudeness of the hostess! Three groups complaining about the bitchiness of the hostess is not a coincidence!When we were finally seated, the hostess dropped our menu and our silverware on the table, didn't say a word and walked away. WOW. We waited a while for our waitress and she also had a sour attitude! I even asked my husband if I was just imagining things but agreed that she was not pleasant at all.As I was making mental notes about what I should rant in my Yelp review, the coffee cake came out and managed to bring what was supposed to be a 2 star review to a 2.5/3. It was moist and heavenly!My husband ordered the Chicken Fried Steak and it was decent but not the best we've ever had. I ordered the Eggs Benedict and I loved the hollandaise and the thickness of the ham. The seasoned potatoes were the perfect complement to the eggs.Note to the management of The Cracked Egg: Bad attitude can really ruin a customer's service. On busy weekends, please ensure your hostesses and wait staff are smiling and friendly.  I would suggest to invest in pagers because it can be difficult to hear the hostesses when there are 15 people waiting outside and planes flying overhead. With Egg Works opening up down the street in Fall 2011, I doubt I'd come back here because of bad attitude I encountered even though the food was good.
5	Best Breakfast ever!!! Pancakes are so yummy and they have a gluten free menu. Staff is great too. Its my favorite spot for breakfast in town.
5	YES PLEASE.  AWESOME breakfast place. They have great coffee, it's flavored with something, maybe cinnamon?!?!?!?  Daily coffee cakes, tons of omelette choices, and the chicken friend steak was delicious {see my pix}.
4	COFFEE CAKE!!!!It's the best here. I love that they change flavors of coffee cake here and there. I once had pumpkin coffee cake last fall and it was amazing! This Cracked Egg is better than other locations. The service is always great and quick!For some reason I did not know that the owner was one of the original owners of Egg Works that branched off mutually and independently. Sorry to compare but the potatoes are just not as crack like as Egg Works. They are still very yummy though. I normally just get the sausage, eggs and potatoes which sets me back $7.95. My hubby always gets one of the skillets which is always way too much food! Leftovers!My only gripe is the lack of alcohol. There is none. I am a night-shifter so breakfast is like my dinner and I love me some mimosas..
5	One of my favorite breakfast spots. Fast service and great food.
5	One of my favorite places to grab breakfast, and I always drag my dad here when he's visiting. I'm a fan of their Joe's Scramble and the Garden Benny; my husband likes the corned beef hash and the southern style eggs benedict. I've also enjoyed their seasonal items like pumpkin pancakes.They always take great care of us when we visit, almost always with my kiddo in tow. It can get a bit crowded, especially on weekends, but it's always worth the wait.
4	4 Stars for breakfast, 1 Star for lunch.Every choice that I have tried for breakfast, thus far, have been GOOD. Their portions are HUGE. I can't eat very much in the AM so I end up sharing something with my other half. The omelets are good, salads are humongous, nothing on the Breakfast menu has disappointed. The nice thing about breakfast is that it comes with a choice of toast or coffee cake. I usually go with the toast because I LOVE coffee cake and I don't taste a drop of coffee in it.Lunch wasn't as great. The portions are just as big enough to share. Flavor just wasn't there for me. I had the soup and salad and the hubs had  a sandwich. Everything lacked the flavor we were expecting.Conclusion, we're only coming here for breakfast.
4	I went back again and it was just as good!  Only downfall...they don't have a liquor license, so no mimosas with breakfast.  They have outside seating, which I didn't recall but the seats look like the old ones at McDonald's that are stuck into the ground and swivel around.I got the carnitas omelette with egg whites, so dang good! And potatoes with bacon, cheese, and sour cream for extra lbs! see pix
4	Awesome little breakfast stop. Great service, super fast. There's something on the menu for everyone. For someone that can't eat eggs, the menu is still great. The cobb salad is awesome.
3	Maybe I'm a serial optimist.  Maybe I have to go in to an eatery with a more neutral mind.  I had pretty high expectations for a place that has the word egg in their restaurant name.  I imagined pretty big egg portions for the price.  Alas, it was not.  I had the Northshore scrambler, lots of filler stuff mixed in the egg and it tasted good but if only it were, say, a little bit bigger...maybe by another inch?.  With the Northshore you have a choice of hash browns for diced potatoes.  For some reason, my potatoes arrived cold.  Well, maybe that's overstated.  But, it wasn't hot like my eggs.  Perhaps it's cooked in bulk and left i an aluminum tray.  I also tried the Croissant French Toast with berries.  I'm expecting something way better than IHOP.  The bread was hard upon arrival and it was also cold.  About half the blueberries where sour and half the strawberries were as well. I'm thankful they give you lots of syrup to drown it out.  The highlight of the meal is the nice warm coffee cake that several reviewers state is awesome.  Yes, it is.  I wanted another slice.   The staff are prompt and courteous and checked on us frequently. I like that since it started to get busy as soon as we arrived and server attentiveness usually goes down as the number of customers increase.  We tend to bring a crowd soon after we  arrive, not cause we're famous or even know these people who follow us.  We just seem to be one of Murphy's Laws.  Whether we are at a drive thru at Jack In The Box or in line at the M casino buffett....geez.  Will I go back again? Yes, but it won't be my first choice on my mind.
4	Great breakfast food!  Have been to this location several times and every time I am happy with the food and the service. Was there with a party of 5 for breakfast.  Normally I order the Greek omelet, but this time I got the Tropical French toast.  It was yummy!  Others  ordered French toast, multigrain pancakes, and a skillet.  Everyone was happy with their meal.  The service was not the best but the place was crowded on a Thursday morning at 9 AM so that is understandable.
5	LOVE The Cracked Egg!This is probably one of my most favorite restaurants...in the WORLD. There is a location super close to my parent's house at home, and the though of going here is comforting and exciting (wow that's not at all cheesy). I often go with one of my best friends Ame, which probably adds to why I love this place so much. Everything here is delicious. My friend Ame has ordered the Garden Patch omelette and enjoyed it quite a bit. My cousin and brother have gotten the scrambles and the sandwiches over the years, and I never hear a complaint from them. I almost always get one of Breanne's Basics, which all come with home fries/hash browns and either toast or coffee cake. Speaking of coffee cake - HOLY SMOKES IT IS AMAZING. It is cinnamony, fluffy, usually a generous serving, and is served warm. You MUST get it. Even though I usually get one of the Basics meals, this cake kinda makes it extra awesome. Even if you get a sandwich, order the coffee cake. DO IT!Service is always wonderful, and the place is always clean. I've been here more times than I can count on my hands combined and have always had five star service.
3	A great home style breakfast. It's not life changing (strawberry pancakes @ Original Pancake House) but a great place to have a good meal and leave highly satisfied. I would recommend this place to anyone in Vegas, but there are other killer choices that offer more unique favors so I can only give it a 3 of 5... Which is still damn good for breakfast!
2	This is your typical greasy american style grill diner breakfast place.  Given that there are no other close breakfast place, you take what you can get, but it is still a disappointment given all the other rave reviews.Let me start with the coffee cake.  Please don't order this.  It is made with a generic white cake mix that is not even very good mixed in with some cinnamon mix and white frosting.  Actually, it is pretty gross to eat for breakfast.  You know there is a question of quality when all of the menu items are put in "quotations".  Enjoy the "Fresh-squeezed" OJ as long as you realize it may be fresh squeezed, but it is the worst quality and cheapest OJ they apparently could get their hands on.  We had a variety of breakfast items including french toast, pancakes and some special "hash" item that is supposed to be a specialty.  I wouldn't order any of it again.  On a positive note the service was excellent and someone in our party got a hamburger (for breakfast??) but at least I can say everyone at our table really enjoyed the french fries.Again, at a minimum please DO NOT order the coffee cake, some of the worst breakfast sweets I have ever had anywhere.
3	This place really is just so so. Service at 6:30 am is a bit slow & the pancakes had the most horrible consistency I've ever seen in a place. I didn't really see any huge portions from what I saw coming out of the kitchen. I had the basic cakes & eggs with sausage link. The best part of it was the link. Honestly Denny's would've been a better choice but there isn't one in my area. I'll come back ONLY if I can't make my own breakfast.
5	Heard about this place from my mom and sister.  Every time mom would visit sis in Vegas they would always come here.  So naturally I just had to try it out for myself.  The place has a "mom and pop" feel to it and is very welcoming.  I love a breakfast that tastes and feels like mom cooked it.  The Cracked Egg delivered that momma cooked feel perfectly.  I order the classic French toast, scrambled eggs, and bacon.  Pretty simple you might say, but this is where other breakfast places come up short.  Others might be able to wow you with exotic breakfast options(which The Cracked Egg also has), but they lose track of the easy stuff.  Not The Cracked Egg!  Eggs were perfect, bacon amazing, and the French toast to die for!  I'm pretty sure the girlfriend and sister loved their dishes too, but I was so wrapped up with enjoying mine I didn't pay attention to them. =)  I could go on for hours on why the food was so good, instead I will just say you gotta come have breakfast if you are in the area.Plan on making The Cracked Egg a "go-to" for breakfast every time I come to visit my sister!
4	Lovely service and yummy food.  I ordered the egg white/turkey scramble with seasoned potatoes and coffee cake.  All were very tasty.  The coffee cake *may* be made from a mix....tasted like a mix cake, but I scarfed it down anyway.  Great place for a casual, fun breakfast/brunch/lunch!
5	Good service excellent food!  The seasoned potatoes and hash browns are awesome. Crisp and not oily. We liked the scrambled eggs, enchilada omelette, and the coffee cake.
4	Great omelletes!  Even though the wait was painfully long, definitely worth the wait.It is an A+ alternative to the chain breakfast diners!Will return!
4	This is a great little place for breakfast. They offer lunch items, too. Although, I have only had breakfast. the atmosphere is great & small. The staff is friendly & prompt. Everyday the offer a coffee cake (instead of toast if you prefer) & it is never the same flavor. Its nice to have something different everyday, You can also get all egg white at no extra charge. I highly recommend this place. My son only wants to eat here for breakfast. Which is fine by me.
2	The service was ok but the food was not.I tried some kind of scramble and my father got the steak and eggs.  Neither one of us finished our plate.  My scramble was supposed to be bacon and an over easy egg on top of potatos.  I could not find the bacon and the over easy egg was well done.  I told the waitress the egg was over cooked and she said that's how they do it to ensure safety which i understand.  I ask for some country gravy to help ease my pain and she ended up charging us $2 for a side of gravy.  My dad asked for a medium steak.  That steak was so thin that it couldn't be helped but to come out well done.  He was also no to pleased that they did not have hash browns.
4	The decor in this place was super cute. We came to the relization that coffee shops have the best customer service. Our waitress was excellent. It was a very homely enviornment. Yes, the coffee cake is a must. The day we went, we had the pumpkin pecan coffee cake, and it was a great start to our meal. I got the Country Benny with Hash Browns. It was really good! I would definitely get this again with extra gravy!! My boyfriend got the California Omlete with Potatoes. It was also pretty good. My only complaint about this place was how much they charged for the side sauce. A side of salsa and a side of sour cream were both $1+ each. I think $.50 - $.75 is more reasonable. It's a ways from the strip, but a great place to eat before heading back home to California. We will definitely be back!
3	Good but not as good as Cheyenne location
2	The breakfast here is on the acceptable side of average, but the service left something to be desired. We treated our dear friend to breakfast at this restaurant of her choosing. The waitress was short with her and did not seem to care to listen to the way our guest wanted her eggs prepared. Excuse me, this place is called  the Cracked Egg. What's done with it after it's cracked is supposed to be up to the customer, hear? It was a very tense and awkward moment. The dimwitted waitress brushed us off, and our friend had to raise her voice and repeat herself maybe three times. She also had to describe herself as the customer, lest the waitress not get it. It was appalling that it should have to be explained!The food was mediocre but the employee's poor attitude really ruined the atmosphere.
5	I truly love this place. Such an awesome find. I make it a point to bring all out of town guests here because I think it's that good. It get's crowded on weekends, but I'm assuming that's because of how awesome it is. While I don't really stray to far from my "north shore scramble",what I have tasted otherwise has been great as well. Staff is friendly and parking is always pretty easy as well. I enjoy when it gets a little warmer and I can sit outside, but inside is always fine as well. Will definitely be back, again and again and again.
4	Get there early to avoid the wait on the weekend.  Good place to get away from the buzz on the strip.  Corned beef hash fans will not be disappointed.
5	My favorite go-to breakfast spot in Las Vegas.  Yes there's higher quality joints but I would go to The Cracked Egg over any breakfast chain. It's really egg-celent!  Favorites: Northshore scramble, Chorizo Skillet, Eggs Benny's.  Awesome: Complimentary Coffee Cake.  BEST COFFEE CAKE....EVER!TIP: If there's 2 of you, skip the wait and sit at the counter/bar.The service staff is warm and friendly. My water is never empty.  The place has modest breakfast themed deco on the walls.  The wait for a seat on a weekend can take a while (sometimes up to 30min, no one likes to wait for breakfast) but we are always OK with sitting at the counter where there's usually a spot open and you get to see the action of the servers behind the counter.The quality of the food is eggs-emplary! Everything taste fresh, including the fresh fruit if it comes with your dish.  The coffee cake is delicious (different flavors every week, my fav is the ones with fruit).  The eggs are rarely over done or underdone (I order over easy on my skillets).  The potatoes are crispy and hot. The coffee is standard but I'll let that slide cause this place isn't called "The cracked bean".Overall, Cracked egg is an eggs-traordinary breakfast spot! Good eats and good meets. Try it today! YAY!
4	This is no tourist joint as it's way off the strip. What's great about this place is it has a buy 1 get 1 free coupon up to 10 dollars in value from the Las vVgas coupon book. Coffee is 2 dollars and 15 cents a cup. I had Luisa's scramble...3 eggs with sausage, peppers, onions, fresh shrooms, and melted Muenster cheese on top. Came with home fries which were like Ore-Ida, which I didn't care for that much. Also comes with choice of toast or cofee cake. The scramble was big and tasty...I would get it again, but would try the hash browns instead of the potatoes/home fries. A bit pricey without the coupon at 9 dollars and 95 cents. This place is clean and the service was fine. Pretty funny sign in the bathroom... see my picture. Overall a pretty decent experience but definitely kind of pricey without for a basic diner kinda place. They open at 6 amI and  you can sit wherever you want. They have tables, booths and a bar top.
4	One of the best breakfast, lunch spots in town. (at least that i've found) The only one I like better is...well I won't say.  But staff and food are always good.  Wish they had longer hours, that's my only complaint.  I'm a breakfast type of guy and this place hits the mark.  Huge selection even though I always get the same thing.  When I do get adventurous and try something new I'm rarely disappointed.
4	This is a great place to grab breakfast. Reminds me of the Original Pancake house we have here in Cali.  Friends and I came here on a Saturday morning around 11 and waited about 25 min before getting seated which wasn't too bad (given all the people waiting outside). Of course I went all out and ordered the: The Big Bad Wolf Omelette, Raspberry Cream Cheese French Toast, and went halfers with my buddy on the Kickin' Potatoes.Everything tasted good but nothing stood out as whoa..
4	Always so good!
5	Since breakfast is my most favorite meal of the day, I've tried my fair share of b'fast joints in Vegas; hands down, the best & most consistent b'fast place. The atmosphere is rather simple & quaint, I've liked some things more than others but never had a single complaint about any of the food (the biscuits & gravy initially got me in the door but my latest obsession is the Veggie Benny) & their coffee cake is pure delicious'ness (though I do sometimes wish they'd keep it ol' skool with the raspberry one they had all the time a couple years ago). The only downside is the wait but there's a wait because it's a quality restaurant (so I make sure to plan accordingly).
3	This was a good breakfast place with an excellent menu.The Green Scramble, which is scrambled eggs with chicken, broccoli, green chiles, spinach, and pepper topped with tons of jack cheese and served with Chile Verde on the side.With good portions and a cool atmosphere I would come back if I was looking for breakfast.
4	This is our regular breakfast spot.  Pleasant staff, great food, short wait.
2	Coffee cake is always good. I usually order my usual, country fried chicken steak and eggs with gravy...:) Vegas doesn't have much breakfast places...this suffice the cravings....nothing fancy...more like your fancier version of denny's.
4	This place is usually pretty busy even during the week. However, its worth the wait. The menu has lots of tasty choices and is sure to please. I ordered the Denver omelet with breakfast potatoes and toast. The breakfast potatoes here are the best! The food was hot, fresh, and delicious. The staff could have been more attentive. Our waiter was all over the place and rarely came to check on us granted, they were quite busy. The portions are nice, not too overwhelming. The prices are fair. Definitely, a great place for a laid back breakfast/brunch.
4	Great place to grab a hearty meal.  Like many reviewers added, this place is far enough off of the strip that you feel a little more relaxed while eating with the locals.The menu is plentiful and there are many choices for all types of eaters.  The prices are also fair and the wait service is also super friendly.We went around 11am on the Sunday of Memorial Day weekend and had no problem being seated right away (party of 3).  If I had one complaint it would be about the coffee cake that everyone else raved about.  I wish that they had a variety to choose from per day vs. having a special cake each day.  When we went they had the cherry cream coffee cake and it was just okay.  It had a nice flavor but it was a bit undercooked which gave it a sticky feeling against the tongue.The food and atmosphere were good enough so we'll definitely head back the next time we are in LV.
4	1 angry hangover + 1 large, steaming bowl of fresh, made in small batches says the chef oatmeal + berries, granola, brown sugar and milk.. = less painful reality and happy food belly.
5	I have been here twice. Both times the service and friendly demeanor was exceptional. The food was great!Little story: the first time I was at this location I had planned to meet a friend here. I was waiting and waiting. the server brought me a coffee... finally i decided that my friend and I had mixed up our locations so i went to the front to pay for my coffee and the person at the cash register (i'm assuming the owner or at least manager), so "no problem, honey, coffee is on us" - I was blown away by their generosity and realized that this is the way all businesses should do business... no where else I can think of would be this kind.
4	Nice place for lunch or breakfast. Has the enchilada omelette and it was great. Service was excellent also
5	Come hungry. Just what you would imagine a home-style breakfast should be, with portions a plenty.  I'm a corned beef hash fan, except when it comes from a can (which is how most places serve it.)  This really is made from scratch and delicious. My partner had oatmeal which seemed a little pricey at first. But when we saw the size and all the fresh add-ins (served on the side) we saw it was worth it. Even better, this wasn't 1 minute instant oats.
5	Cracked Egg was just in the Review Journal for having one of the best Monte Cristo's in Vegas and it is delicious! :)
4	This place is a great breakfast spot.  I have yet to venture into their lunch menu.  I'm enjoying the coffee cake that comes with breakfast.  So far it has been a different one on every visit.  My breakfast is usually simple, egg whites and some bacon.  The hash-brown is also great, it is never over cooked.   Service is outstanding and it's in a great location with lots of parking.
2	Where do i begin. This used to be, bar none my favorite breakfast place in town, living a couple of miles away i have eaten here over a hundred times between 2006 and 2010 but then two things happened for me 1) the prices got ridiculously high while the portions got smaller and 2) the quality of the food has changed or they started using inferior ingrediants because i get nauseous about a half hour after eating there each time now which is highly unusual for me. This has been the case several times, like four, so i give up and drive up to trop n jones for some awesome breakfast at the black bear.
5	Pumpkin coffee cake!!!!!!When I'm craving Saturday or Sunday morning breakfast close to home, I always go to Egg Works because it's about 1 mile closer. This past Sunday, I thought I'd try something different. My girlfriend and I arrived close to noon and had to wait about 20 minutes. No big deal. We said we wanted "first available" and got a nice seat on the patio. The chairs aren't the most comfortable: they're plastic and hard, but the weather was lovely, so I didn't mind. I'm not sure what brand/brew of coffee this place used, but it is delicious! I drink my coffee black with one or two Splenda because I actually do love the flavor of coffee and now I wish I would have asked my waitress what brand it was because I was thoroughly impressed!My girlfriend ordered the stuffed peanut butter french toast. I was in the mood for something simple so I ordered the eggs (over easy) with turkey sausage. It comes with hash browns and either toast or coffee cake. I chose coffee cake because of the reviews but also ordered a side of sourdough toast and avocado. LET'S TALK COFFEE CAKE. It came out within minutes and it was warm, moist, freshly baked, and PUMPKIN flavored. I don't usually like pumpkin flavored, but I ordered it because my girlfriend does. I'm so happy I did because it may have been my favorite part of the meal. VERY moist, extremely flavorful and the warm glaze they put on the top with the crumbles: so tasty and gooey. Out food came out shortly after. Everything on my plate was perfectly cooked and tasted great. I could ask nothing more for my order of simple eggs and toast and hash browns. The turkey sausage, however,  exceeded my expectations. So, maybe the Cracked Egg was having a great day or maybe I was just really hungry. I'm not sure. Either way, I really enjoyed my experience and they definitely deserve all five stars. The service was fast and friendly and the food was tasty and I had zero issues. Once again, the key word here is COFFEE CAKE.
4	This was a really good experience!  I am always hesitant to dine at breakfast only establishments, but I will be back here!  The portions are huge and the prices reasonable!  Service is swift and friendly.I know it is an easy way to fluff a review by going item by item to describe, in depth, everything we ordered but... it was all excellent!  Eggs, Chicken Fried Steak, potatoes, sausage, pancakes (this is the entire table, not just my meal!) - everything they brought was excellent!Our server was swift and friendly, drinks were never empty, and we were out the door for 3 big meals, less than $30.  I will definitely be back. My only knock is on my tip.  We asked to sit outside and in a huge, open patio, we are sat right next to two young gentlemen attempting to have a deep, personal discussion.  This was ackward for all involved.  It is impossible to zone out a conversation that is going on 4 feet away.  It was quite funny in retrospective, but a little common sense from the hostess would have been appreciated!
5	I mean, REALLY, the coffee cake is enough to get my mouth watering. I had breakfast here AGAIN this morning with my friend and once again, I was thoroughly impressed. Today's coffee cake: apple. The waitress said it was cherry, but it was apple. And it was AMAZING. Warm, soft, melt-in-your-mouth goodness. I can't get enough. I would come here for the coffee cake alone. I'm a simple breakfast eater: I eat eggs over easy with toast, hash browns, turkey sausage, and a side of avocado. That's it. My friend ordered the sweet potato skillet - not something I would usually order. But, I snuck a bite from her plate and OHMYGOODNESS: FLAVOR EXPLOSION. Sweet potatoes with onions and apples and muenster cheese and bacon and eggs? All of the things you'd never expect in a skillet, but when combined to make the perfect bite, produce the most epic of flavors. I will return. As usual. For more coffee cake. And to order the sweet potato skillet.
5	This is our go to breakfast place. Always good service and good food. We go there about 3-4 times a month. Great coffee cake, seasoned potatoes & lots of classic choices. Never disappointed there.
5	I've had the pleasure of eating here a couple times and I had a great experience both times. There is several reasons why I love this place and gave it 5 stars. The staff is very friendly and attentive, they have a huge selection of delicious good quality food and their prices are good. I ordered the cakes and egg combo it comes with pancakes, 2 eggs any style I got scrambled with cheese and also your choice of bacon or sausage I got sausage. Now I know it sounds basic but it was probably the best pancakes and sausage I have ever had from a restaurant the pancakes were fluffy goodness and the sauce was nice and juicy I ate every bite of my plate which is rare for me. My bf got the chicken fried steak which he devoured in a blink of an eye luckily i grabbed a bite before he finished it off and that too was also delicious ill be getting that next time we go here. This place is a winner for sure!
5	Great food. Great prices. And very delightful service. And mmmm coffee cake is delicious. Matter of fact everything here is delicious! Omg my bf got the monte cristo sanwich. WOW. what a scrumptious creation. Also gravy fried chicken is very good. Ucant go wrong here!!!
4	casual, country type place. good food, lots of egg options, friendly service. would return!
5	This is my favorite breakfast place in town and it never fails me.  Service is always top notch.  I like sitting at the counter watching the food come out.  If you feel like indulging, try the Monte Cristo. Its a turkey, ham, and swiss sammy in french toast batter deep fried.  Dipped in syrup and you're in heaven!!  If you feel like a healthier option, go for the Veggie Benny.  Avocado, spinach, grilled tomatoes, two poached eggs smothered in hollandaise.  One of the best benedicts I've ever had!
3	First off, let me just say I LOVE a place that still puts a Monte Cristo sandwich on the menu, even if I did make a New Year's resolution about fried foods.  I like old school friendly coffee shops and this has that charm.  Sadly, that's where it ended for us.My Monte Cristo (did you think I wouldn't order it?), while tasty inside, was overdone and dark brown, not golden, just this side of burnt. It wasn't very big, nor loaded with meat, which is weird for a Monte Cristo since the whole idea of a triple layer ham, swiss and turkey sandwich dipped in french toast batter, fried and coated in powdered sugar is to be colossal and leave you stuffed.  The bread was standard grocery store loaf size.  It was offered with potatoes or hash browns, but I ordered fruit, which was melon and not very good.  End of story for me.Hub had the House Original sandwich; roast beef and cream cheese with red onion , tomato and lettuce.  He asked for no tomato, and also sadly ordered fruit.The sandwich was a shocker, with no more than a 1/4 lb of meat and cream cheese spread thin.  It also had tomato on it...oops. The beef was not freshly sliced.  The bread was again nothing special, average size and not extremely fresh.  For a signature sandwich, it was a big disappointment to my better half.  We were both still hungry when we left.The service was very nice, quick, and pleasant, though I don't particularly like being called 'dear' by someone maybe 10 to 15 years younger than me.  I'm not a blue hair!
4	I love breakfast and I love not having to cook breakfast. So I really love breakfast places and this is one of my favorites. I used to go here once a week on my way to class when I had more time and money but now I am reduced to going whenever I get a chance. But every time is great.I love their scrambles and their build your own skillet options. But when I go with the skillet I end up picking too many ingredients and spending more money than I want. The scrambles they have are great especially the southside scramble. The staff is usually really friendly and I get my food within 15 minutes of sitting down (if I know what I want when I sit down). Which is ideal for a quick breakfast when you do not have much time.
4	Where do I even start? This place is home for me. The very first time I visited The Cracked Egg (their original location in the NW), I was in high school. Even with my vast change in taste (all around, but mostly food-wise) in the last decade, this is still my benchmark for breakfast, brunch, or lunch.One thing that is consistent is my love for their Coffee Cake. It's a slice of fluffy goodness. Not to mention keeping you on your toes with unprecedented flavors! I ALWAYS order it with my breakfast. I've tried about ten of their flavors, but my favorites remain the pumpkin (obviously offered during Autumn) and the peanut butter (totally unexpected and simply amazing!). My goal has been to try all the flavors, so I get pretty excited when it's something I haven't had before. It's also the very first thing I ask the server, "What flavor is the coffee cake today?"What I normally order for breakfast is the polish sausage, two sunny side-up eggs, and seasoned potatoes. The polish sausage is scrumptious, the eggs and potatoes are always cooked perfectly, and I love putting some Tabasco on my egg yolks, then dipping the potatoes in. YUM. Also, definitely some of the best "breakfast" potatoes! If I want to be healthy, I order The Garden Patch omelette that has fresh vegetables, made with egg whites. For lunch, I'll order The Stuffed Avocado salad. A large bed of fresh lettuce, red onion, and tomatoes, and half an avocado stuffed with their housemade tuna salad. Ask for their house ranch dressing on the side and throw some black pepper on the salad, delicious.Service is good and quick. They're always busy, but the food is quick to serve and tables are turned quickly as well. I also really like their Rewards Program. Not sure how long they've offered it, but I only learned about it about 8-10 months ago. I figured since I visit so often and always bring out-of-town visitors here, might as well participate and it has certainly paid off! Every month I receive a coupon flyer and earn rewards for every meal, so I have visited The Cracked Egg at least once or twice a month since I joined. Also, even with coupons accompanying almost every meal, I earned enough rewards to receive a $10 certificate in January!If I'm looking for a quick, no-fuss, delicious breakfast, this is where I go, every time. It's definitely a favorite!
3	Definitely a good place to grab a quick breakfast. Also a decent meeting spot for business breakfasts and lunches. Personally, I think you can do better with the food but all around it is a bad joint.
4	NOT much of breakfast eater but my cousin from Sac in town and decided too meet up with my brother and my nieces at their favorite breakfast joint. I have been too few times just never got around too reviewing it. One thing really like about The Cracked Egg location so close too the house plus if this one busy then go five min down the road too there free standing restaurant. (I never been). It kind of small place so depending when you go there chance wait. We all meet up on weekend and good thing went early because by 10am the place was insane and line out the door. Go early or late breakfast/lunch crowds not your thing. The Coffee Cake the bomb. I went with chili cheese omelette. It was really good! It had right portion of chili and cheese. The seasoned potatoes without doubt MY FAVORITE things on the menu. Sure you seasoned potatoes at any breakfast joint but the thing stands out for me is the seasoning mix they put on them. I have no idea it is. All I know is potatoes are addicting could eat plate of potatoes be in complete bliss. I put some ketchup on them but really tasty eat them by themselves. They nice HOT. Crispy on the outside. I also had the sandwiches on the menu are solid and makes for great breakfast/lunch. One thing after spoiling myself with Red Velvet Pancakes at BabyStack wish they had some too. It one type of pancakes they don;t have but have other yummy options comes too pancakes. Everything on the menu is solid had few things on the menu and loved it!The service had always been great! Even when its super busy the service always been great, staff if very friendly, and great way too start the day with meal at The Cracked Egg. =))
5	I have been here numerous times since being shown it about 8 or 9 years ago, maybe around 40 times give or take? It's been always a great breakfast spot. They are known for their coffee cake, which changes flavors often but never a bad choice. I also will note a fondness for their seasoned potatoes. It's small cubes of potatoes that are deep fried, then sprinkled with their seasoning mix. My best guess is that the mix includes salt, pepper, garlic and paprika. Always crispy and hot.During the busy times, there can be a wait to get a seat. And boy, does this place get busy! I often visit around opening, early in the morning, to avoid the big crowds. The place itself has a very casual and laid-back appearance. Prices are very reasonable. Friendly and attentive staff. Service has never been a problem yet.They are open for breakfast & lunch but I'm a fan of 'breakfast anytime' so I can't vouch for their lunch items. I've only had breakfast items here and only once came during lunch hour(ordered an omelet). I've brought alot of friends from out of town here when needing some early morning eats fresh from the airport. Great place for breakfast, I will keep coming here long as things don't change!
5	This was a great place, love the logo!!!! And the breakfast food was amazing!!! Glad we hit this spot for sure!!!!
4	I went to The Cracked Egg with my wife and father in law for breakfast and had a fantastic meal.  While I'm not a big fan of coffee cake it was by far the best I've ever had.  The real surprise for me though was the potatoe skillet.  The potatoes were browned perfectly with bacon and scallions mixed in.  The service was very quick and the restaurant was surprisingly clean during the busy breakfast hour.
5	This is by far my favorite restaurant spot! The service is always friendly and the food is always delicious. I typically get the Joes Scramble. Its ground beef, eggs, scallions, cream cheese delicious doesn't even begin to cover it. Their potatoes are good and their coffee cake is to die for. This absolutely goes without saying I will be back!
5	I grew up in Jersey, the land of the diner, and I must say that The Cracked Egg brought me back to that townie down home diner I have come to live without since moving out of the Garden State. I recommend sitting at the counter, because you can get a great view of how the kitchen works and have great conversation with locals. We met a guy with an exotic car rental and I believe he thought we had moved to Vegas because this place is removed from the strip. It was awesome to hear his recommendations on what to order, his business, and what he loved about the area. We swapped Big Island stories and learned that we had seen one of his cars on the strip earlier in the week! I had a skillet with sweet potatoes, apple, bacon, munster cheese, and 2 eggs over easy. Everything was cooked just the way I liked it- I dare say "like grandma used to make" except  my grandma never made me eggs- but if she did I imagine this is how she would do it. The husband got the green scramble which was packed with veggies, he asked for sweet potatoes instead of hash browns (extra charge but well worth it in our book) and they came out great. The coffee refills were free but we had already drank our coffee (which is how we functioned enough to find this place) and I had tomato juice. I will send any and all of my friends off the strip to find The Cracked Egg. Everything looked spectacular leaving the counter (pancakes the size of plates!!!!!!) and from the look of it, The Cracked Egg is pretty popular! All in all, if we ever find ourselves in Vegas again, we will be back!
4	Yum-O.  This is one of my fave breakfast spots.  It's always very busy so you usually have to wait, but it has never been for more than 15 minutes.  I took my goddaughter here on a very busy Saturday around noon and we waited for about 15 minutes.  They sat us in a booth and gave her a coloring sheet and some colored pencils to keep her occupied.  Whoever created the concept of coloring sheets at restaurants is a genius!!  Instant distraction for the wily children.  Thank you sir (or m'aam?). My goddaughter is obsessed with noodles, and they didn't have any, much to her disappointment, but they did have a fun little kids menu so I ordered her a pb&j and some fries.  She loved her fries and did not touch the sandwich.  I ordered a half cobb salad with blue cheese dressing.  It was HUGE!  I think it needed more bacon and chicken because there was barely any on there and their blue cheese dressing tasted kind of plain.  If you're gonna splurge on calories and fat, you want some "blow my mind" blue cheese, right?  So yeah, I give the salad 3 stars.I give this restaurant 4 stars though because I love their breakfast, and the service is always good.  I like the atmosphere, the feeling of being in a "bustling" diner.
4	My first time at this one. Greeter was sorta friendly. Our server was very friendly and accommodating. My breakfast was really good and fast but the bacon was a tiny bit undercooked but not bad. I forgot to ask for crispy. Overall satisfied with this visit here
4	Great breakfast place, remember there is only so much that you can do with eggs, toast, and bacon but what can be done is done well at the Cracked Egg!!The place is always busy but they get everybody in and out pretty fast without anybody feeling rushed, matter of fact, I was really impressed with how many of the servers took to to stop and talk with the regulars that they knew.The Sin City Skillets are all very tasty and very filling, the French Toast is very fresh and sweet, and the Hash Browns (which is a breakfast staple for me) were perfect.The menu is large, there is something for everybody and when you are at the Cracked Egg you just kinda feel at home.Until next time Yelpers ........................ Be Local, Live Local, and whenever you can, Buy Local!!!!!!
5	I absolutely love it here! Come for breakfast about once a week and its always amazing.  The service is great! Everyone is very friendly and the food is always spot on.  The spinach salad with warm bacon dressing is one of my favorite menu items!  and they make the best home fries!!
5	Finally! A place with gluten free blueberry pancakes. my 2nd all time favorite food :) I've been here like 5 times in the past two weeks and its so good. The side of fruit is amazing too. grapefruit slices, blackberries, raspberries, strawberries, and sliced melon! Fresh squeezed orange juice is the cherry on top to an amazing meal. The staff is very friendly and accommodating as well. My new favorite breakfast spot :)
3	Great Food. Great Portions! Good service. It was a little packed so parking was a pain. No complaints otherwise
1	Another reviewer (Kish M.) states, "Remember, there's only so much that you can do with eggs, toast, and bacon" - and yet, somehow, this place managed to fuck up every variation my family tried. You have to work at it, really hard, to make Eggs Benedict unpalatable. You have to expend concerted effort to make scrambled eggs so dry and unappealing that even my kid, the scourge of all eggs,  won't eat them. I don't even remember what my wife ordered, but she gave up after two bites, because it was revolting.
3	Breakfast, breakfast, and more breakfast! If you want breakfast, and want it done well, go to The Cracked Egg!THE FOOD: With my usual craving to devour everything on the menu, it's always a challenge to decide on what to order, especially at breakfast because it's my favorite meal of the day. I ended up ordering the Cakes & Eggs Combo so I could get a little bit of everything. The eggs were cooked to perfection, and the sausage patties were flavorful. DON'T get the sausage links, the waiters/waitresses even recommend against it, hahaha. The pancakes were really good too! The right amount of fluffiness drenched in an ocean of syrup (I did that myself, of course). The Cracked Egg also serves coffee cake, and it's apparently somewhat popular. I had the opportunity to eat some of this coffee cake, and it was...chocolate...coffee cake? I really don't know how to explain it any better than that. It was okay, it just tasted like a dry chocolate cake with coffee cake crumble on top. Other people have told me they have had other types of coffee cake, so I'm guessing The Cracked Egg likes to change things up. If you're curious, I would ask the staff.The staff is another topic. I didn't think they were very friendly. The woman who seated us (my mom, my stepdad, and I) practically threw our menus and utensils on the table without saying a word, and returned to the front of the restaurant. Our waitress was also very quick in wanting to get us to leave when the restaurant wasn't even half full.THE VERDICT: Overall, the food is fantastic. The staff, not so much. I'll go back for the food, especially since I love a place that does breakfast well.
4	I was actually pleasantly surprised by my experience here. I went to Egg Works when I first moved to the area and found that it reminded me of a glorified Denny's- minus the glory. I assumed this place would be just as generic but I was wrong! I ordered the spinach salad with the hot bacon dressing (I mean really, the dressing name alone could have sold me on it). The service was good but she definitely wanted to rush us out the door..I was headed to workout so I was staying to finish every bite! Sorry not sorry!
5	The Cracked Egg is awesome! A small group of us came here for breakfast and were not disappointed. The food is GREAT and the portions are generous. I would recommend the Cracked Egg to anyone who lives or visits the Las Vegas area.
4	Great place with great service. Our waitress was outstanding!  The cashier, an older woman, was a bit gruff but overall solid 4 star place.  Extensive gluten free menu and though I ordered off that menu they brought me the gluten version of the item. Thus be careful!  Again, the GF menu is quite impressive. Toast, pancakes and a ton of egg dishes.  We will be going back for sure!
3	I work in the area and despite my mediocre rating, I frequent this location and have quite a few positive things to say about it. The big one is there's a 9 out of 10 chance that you will have exceptional service. The wait staff has been here for ages. I've been in the area 5 years and it's almost the same staff as when I first came in. They are pretty much on top of everything - they're attentive to when you are sat, if your drinks are running low, and they always make sure you have the check before you ask for it. Plus if you're a regular, they have down too. While their omelettes and scrambles are quite good, I usually come here around lunch time so I'm not feeling eggy. My usual at this location is the soup (Tortilla Soup is the house soup Monday- Thursday) and half sandwich (BLT for me please). I've tried other items on the menu but each time, I wish I just stuck with my usual. Their sandwiches are bland and uneventful. Their idea of ciabatta bread is my definition of a hamburger bun...their wraps are not missing some punch.My biggest gripe is paying the check. The cashier\hostess stand is not an efficient set up for people coming in or wanting to get out. It's doubly worse when the cashier and the hostess are the same lady. It can get backed up pretty quickly. It stinks when you have to wait awhile to be seated for no good reason, and then have to wait even longer to pay your tab.All in all it's nothing spectacular. There are plenty of other places in the area with more personality BUT there's nothing terrible about it - it's just a-okay.
1	Didn't know you could screw up breakfast and yet they did. Eggs and bacon were greasy. Hash brown and seasoned potatoes were dry. Even the salad was lukewarm. Never again!
5	Every time I go to Vegas I have to eat breakfast here at least once. The Cracked Egg is hands down the best breakfast I have ever had. Everything on the menu is fantastic but I always get The Bacon Cheeseburger Skillet! Sometimes there is a little bit of a wait but the food and the service is definitely worth it.
4	Looking for a local breakfast joint landed us at the cracked egg. It was time to try something new and this was just the place. We were quickly greeted with a smile, followed by being seated shortly after. Once seated we got our drink orders and food orders in quickly.As for the setting it was perfect for an early morning breakfast. Felt like a home cooked meal sort of place. I ordered eggs and sausage. It came with hash browns and toast, which was plenty of food to fill me up. The portions are fairly large in my opinion. On a side note, the hash browns were probably the best I've had in a long time. They were very flavorful with the perfect seasoning to complete the meal.Overall the food was wonderful. It was fairly priced ans a good change to my typical Vegas cuisine. I recommend it to those looking for something new with the same foods, but with a great taste!
5	Cracked Egg, we love you! We love your coffee, food, coffee cake! We're regulars and we go every week!
5	Always great. I have been going here for many years and it has remained consistently good. The Veggie Benny, Corned Beef Hash and Joe's Scramble are just some of the yummy dishes they serve. It is always busy, but they will do their best to get you seated ASAP!
3	Am still on the hunt for a sublime breakfast experience. I want a Hallelujah chorus when I bite into something. So lacking that eye rolling to the back and spit drooling experience....In the meantime, this is one of those stops to the elusive brunch heaven. Seems to  be a favorite with locals.Decent, good enough. Got the egg scramble, bacon and short stack of macadamia - coconut pancakes (comes two to a plate).Substantial, flavorful, hot, and good coffee pour here. Friendly waitress. You can hang out for a little bit, since it's a very large establishment.Only issue I had : it was a bear getting to here from the strip - you basically have to make a huge approximately 8 mile U turn to bypass the strip and get out into outlying suburbia to get here. Then the rest of Vegas looks like any other suburb with the Starbucks and strip mall business.
5	My husband and i come here alot for breakfast and if we have visitors from out of town and they wanna have breakfast.. this is the place to bring them.'Eggs Benedict never let down. I always order them with the season potatoes. Their coffee cake is so good too and fresh! the service is really good and quick. hey always try to accommodate you. I also like the salads.. It's big and plentiful! Definitely an awesome place for breakfast and lunch!
4	At the end of our Vegas trip, we wanted a decent breakfast spot away from the strip because all the good ones around the area were packed. This place was recommended, so we decided to check this modern breakfast spot out. I only wish that this place was closer to the strip. I guess that's why it was so easy to find a table to fit our group of 6 right away.Food:1) Coffee Cake was fantastic! The coffee cake here deserves 5 Stars. It was freshly baked, soft, moist, and perfectly sweet. I would actually make a pit stop here just for this if I'm driving to and from Vegashttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cracked-egg-las-vegas-2?select=6Nzg1wAdBviOQNXVmfXlkg#oZXMxk_GLSoepyhkWveiJQ2) Country Benny - Biscuit split and topped with patty sausage, two poached eggs, and smothered in gravy. I liked the gravy because it was flavorful and had a good consistency (not too watery or too thick). The eggs were poached well and the seasoned potatoes were so good! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cracked-egg-las-vegas-2?select=6Nzg1wAdBviOQNXVmfXlkg#V-3L8nJ43gnSCuKv08V0wQ3) Sausage and Eggs were pretty standard thick links with eggs and seasoned potatoes. It was good, but nothing special. You could probably buy the same links at a market and make it yourself.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cracked-egg-las-vegas-2?select=6Nzg1wAdBviOQNXVmfXlkg#fbjiuYm9Je2vHxb9QXLOawService:The servers were very nice and checked on us regularly to see how we were doing. You actually have to go up to the front to pay, which I found to be pretty inconvenient.
4	Had brunch at the cracked egg and it was great! Came in and had to wait about five mins or so for a booth since it was busy. After getting seated we ordered drinks and skimmed through the menu. Thanks to Yelp pictured I already knew what to get. My daughter got their waffle with berries and I got their croissant French toast. While waiting for the food we noticed the decoration. It's pretty homey if you ask me. Sort of a model home type of design to lure you in. The food came shortly and it was tasty. Nothing super amazing but it did hit the spot! Oh and if you have an entertainment coupon book don't forget to use their buy one get one free ticket.
4	I had the Green Scramble with egg whites, no cheese, and chocolate chip coffee cake ($11.00). I also had two banana chocolate chip pancakes with sugar free syrup.The scramble was good. The seasoned potatoes are nothing special, just heavily seasoned fried potatoes, basically french fries in a different shape. The coffee cake was great.  Though I'm not sure I've ever had bad coffee cake.  When will sugary bread not taste good?  Downside is you have to have whatever kind of coffee cake they have for the day, but that can also be a good thing because it takes out having to rack your brain to decide.  Would love to try their other flavors.The banana chocolate chip pancakes were excellent! They were made just right. And I had sugar free syrup.I also used a 2 for 1 coupon. Without it, it's a tad pricey, but so is every other good breakfast place I suppose.
5	Yum yum yum!! The place seemed super busy when I got here but we were still able to get a spot to sit immediately. The service was quick and friendly and the food was amazing. I had the Monte Cristo - which was different from what I was used to because it was deep-fried. My taste buds: lovin' it, my diet: not so much. The boy had an interesting egg-white scramble with tortilla strips and turkey which looked sloppy, but he liked it! Something really different about this breakfast joint is that you can pick between the standard toast or coffee cake - YUM!!A super minute detail but I really enjoyed the essence of the fresh flowers. They had a bunch of items on the menu that I'm still dying to try so you can say its a place that is worth returning!
5	I like this location even more than the Green Valley one, which is where I go most often.  The restaurant is clean with lots of comfortable seating.  I've never had poor service here.  The wait staff are always so friendly and attentive. Holy coffee cake.  I literally can't believe something so a-freaking-mazing comes with my breakfast!  The flavors are always different and the highlight of my meal is finding out which one I'll have that day.  I've loved all the meals I've ever had here.  And the seasoned potatoes are a total guilty pleasure.  The prices can't be beat.  We always get a buy one get one coupon in the View newspaper.  The Cracked Egg is such a no-brainer for breakfast (even at lunchtime, which I do often!).
2	"Boy Was I Wrong"Early morning Sunday. A day like any other; meaning yours truly was up before dawn. I dawdled around the house, then decided to eat out. I drove down the street to this place, hoping it would be as good as its sister store in Henderson.Boy was I wrong.I parked in a lot with only two cars, assuming I would get polite and decent service.Boy was I wrong.I walked inside. A server yelled how many. I was a bit confused since I was by myself but figured she was wondering if there would be more to join me. I said I was alone and she waved her flabby arm in spokesmodel fashion--circular motion with long crescent finish--which I think means you can sit where you want. I did so and she asked if I wanted coffee. I said yes, hoping it was as good the java at the other Cracked Egg in Henderson.Boy was I wrong.That sorry ass brown liquid had a distinct soapiness flavor to it, as if the mug had not been properly washed. I ordered pancakes, scrambled eggs and bacon, praying it would be half as decent as the same dish had been in Henderson.Boy was I wrong. The cakes were fine but the bacon was cold and the eggs overcooked. Very dry at the bottom with brown strands of yuckiness flowing outward like jellyfish tentacles.The manager was seated at the end of the counter, doing nothing except slipping me an evil eye here and there. Ditto for the other waitress. Sigh. And here I thought I'd be fawned over since the place was practically empty.Boy was I wrong.My server came over and griped if everything was fine. She seemed to be in such a hurry for me to leave. I nodded with practiced detachment and fell into my patented state of remoteness. I hear and see nothing when immersed in this form, much like a mental patient in advanced stages of catatonia.I was quickly given the check and paid with a mediocre tip. I went out to the lot and walked over to Starbucks. I bought some coffee and sipped it on the way home, thinking it would be as good as usual.Boy was I wrong.Tasted old. I also noticed the girl had slipped me a Canadian quarter. Christ. I was really hoping to have a semi-decent time this Sunday morning.Boy was I wrong.
5	We come to Vegas several times a year. Love going to The Cracked Egg for their gluten free pancakes. Wish I could pick this restaurant up and move them to Oregon. Love the outdoor seating too. The one on Green Valley doesnt't have that feature.
4	I always get the Taylor scramble cream cheese and green onins ...YUM!!!!
4	My boyfriend loves this place! Like LOVES it...if he's craving breakfast this is where he wants to go! It's grown on me I must say! I like ordering the sandwiches ether breakfast style or lunch....they are both really yummy! I'm not a fan of there OJ it tastes kind like bar gun OJ. Not fresh. Servers are super sweet and on point. We will def be back when breakfast is being craved.
5	Love, love, love this place.  I've been to all of the locations.   When I go to Vegas it's my first stop.  Clean and bright on the inside.  Service is quick.  Food is fresh and tastes great.  The best coffee cake and potatoes anywhere!
5	This is, by far, the best breakfast I've had in a restaurant.  The seasoned potatoes and raspberry French toast were incredible.  The orange juice is freshly squeezed and delicious.  As has been said, get the coffee cake.Admittedly I've been there only once, but this is my first Yelp review, so consider that this is the first establishment that's prompted me to write one.  If I don't make it back, I must have gotten hit by a bus.
4	The service here is good but the food isn't anything special...Its a great place to grab a quick breakfast. Typical breakfast menu plus some healthy choices.
4	I got the country beni - basically a cross between eggs benedict and biscuits and gravy.  What a great idea!  I thought the poached eggs were done just perfect, the sausage had a nice spice to it, and the gravy was just right - not too salty.  the only complaint I have is that the biscuit was a bit chewy, it could have been more crumbly...maybe just over mixed.I would totally go here again!!
4	This place keeps getting more and more popular and there is usually always a wait. Not saying this is a bad thing, but when your hungry and or hungover... I want/need food!! Their Benedict ole is the bomb... That bernaise sauce is like candy in my mouth. Also, their coffee cake is heaven in my mouth too!!The only downfall is they don't serve bloody Mary's... If they did it would complete my great breakfast experiences! I'm not going to lie.... I something choose egg works for breakfast, because I can get my weekend Bloody Mary fix.
3	This is an updated review for a previous review of 5 stars. Now don't get me wrong is till love Cracked Egg and have continued to be loyal to this great breakfast spot. I'm taking 2 stars off because of the service we get when we arrive and when we leave. If the older woman up front was more friendly upon arrival and when leaving maybe I wouldn't feel the way I do. It's such a shame! Such a great establishment and yet tainted by something as simple as greeting and saying goodbye. I understand at times it gets hectic and busy, you may lose your temper but you shouldn't make your guests feel like a burden when they ask to sit outside. You obviously have a patio and people are clearly sitting outside. Being in the industry I understand how frustrating customers can get but it's our job to give a great experience to keep them coming back. We've been coming here for over a year now and are the lowest of low maintenance when it comes to eating here. We know what we want, get in and get out. Foods great, waiters are great it's the leaving experience and coming experience that gives me a bad taste in my mouth :/ although I appreciate the nice gentleman who came by our table and apologized for not being able to accommodate our requests, even though it wasn't his fault, thank you good sir!
4	This is one of those fast in & out type of breakfast places that serves such good food. The eggs are always done right just as you asked for them and the hash browns when ordered crispy aren't just burnt on the outside but soggy on the inside. If you're ever in the neighborhood you should stop in for breakfast, you won't regret it.
5	A gluten free diner's gem in Las Vegas! This place was SO good that we went to 2 out of their 4 locations while on vacation over the weekend. We stopped by this location on the first day and the service was fast and friendly and I was impressed at how familiar with gluten-free dining my server was. I also loved that they have a separate gluten free menu which you can request.SO many gluten free breakfast options! Choose from scrambles, to omelettes, skillets and gluten-free pancakes. On my visit here I was so excited for all of these options that I ordered a bit too much food so beware, the portions are quite large.At this location I tried the Southwest Scramble which consisted of eggs, chorizo, green peppers, pickled jalapenos, onions and a side of salsa. All eggs come with a side of hash browns or seasoned potatoes and gluten free toast! I was glad the server (as well as the menu) mentioned that the bread was toasted in a non-gluten-free toaster; however they will happily grill it for you to avoid contamination. The scramble was super tasty but the hash browns stole the show - perfectly seasoned and crispy! I also ordered two gluten-free pancakes and they were excellent - large, fluffy and a little crispy on the edges - could not tell they were gluten free!My husband who does not have any dietary restrictions also loved this place, especially since they serve you a huge chunk of warm, delicious coffee cake with your eggs! I was jealous but was more than elated with my own meal.Will most definitely return here if ever in Vegas again - especially since I saw that they also have gluten free lunch options such as burgers and sandwiches.
4	They have, by far, the best coffee cake I have ever had. I seriously could have just eaten that for my breakfast, and ditched the omelet. However, the chorizo in the omelet could have been stronger, but it was still a good omelet. The seasoned home fries were also good. Even though this place is a bit off the strip, it was worth the trip.
4	Very nice menu selection and presentation. Every dish looks delicious. Food didn't taste fatty/oily like most breakfast places.Multigrain pancakes were good, and I'm glad they put the whipped butter and syrup on the side so that I can monitor my consumption. The side of berries for $3 more included raspberries, blueberries, and strawberries. About 1 cup's worth.The Mexican skillet was very delicious. I'm not normally a skillet person, but I think I just became one.The restaurant's decor is homey with a chicken and egg theme. Cute.Restaurant was clean. Service was friendly and accomoodating.
5	I love the banana pancakes here they are to die for and also the stuffed avocado.  We come here at least twice a week it's a must on my Monday mornings!!
5	Been here twice and I absolutely love it. I mean I love breakfast, but this place tops all breakfast places I've been to. It's a family run restaurant from what I've told and you will get one of the best services!! They constantly check up on you and really try to get you seated quick (because yes you will be waiting on the weekends around 10/11ish)!I think I've gotten a variety of their dishes: scrambles, omelettes, and skillet. Of course I always get the coffee cake which either comes with original or a berry flavor.The Coffee Cake is amazing. It seriously just melts in your mouth! It always comes out fresh and warm.I also usually get seasoned potatoes over hash browns. Don't get me wrong. I love their hash browns, but I seriously love the seasoning and the cut size of the seasoned potatoes. So yes, definitely get this.As for their scrambles, omelettes, and skillet.... the portions are HUGE. I can't even finish it and my fiance who eats a ton is full off one of their dishes. It's insane just how much they give you. It's so filling because it's all carbs. (: So you know you'll definitely get the bang for your buck. But all I can say is that everything on their menu is DELICIOUS. Comes out fresh and hot and packed with flavors. I can't wait to go back to try more of their menu!! Getting so hungry thinking about it. Haha. They do have a lunch menu with sandwiches and stuff, but I think they serve breakfast all day.
5	Salsa is delicious. I got the Veggie Benny. It is the usual, just as expected. My boyfriend got the chicken fried steak, but he didn't really care for it. The coffee cake that came with his dish was warm! The service was great, they were happy and friendly. Food came out quick. :)
5	It started off rocky for us, place was packed full I was shocked we walked in and were seated right away.  Country themed, clean, calming and relaxing.  I really didn't care for the Corned Beef hash & my boyfriend's French toast was kind of sad, and too dark. We asked for the Manager,  Ashley was so nice she asked if she could get us anything else we'd like... we were unsure.  I decided I was craving French toast and I really can't eat it because I'm allergic to wheat.  So I ordered it for myself but really I was planning on eating two bites and making the bf have it since his first order was just bad.  The French toast was delicious the second time around, nice golden brown.  By that time the place has cleared out and I decided maybe I will get something I can eat since they passed my "french toast test". Let's be honest if a brunch place can't nail French toast I wouldn't of stuck around.So I wasn't crazy about the Corned beef hash serving I had, I figured I'll come back and try it another day maybe without onion next time and decided on the "garden omelet" it has mushroom and spinach on it.  I ordered it from the Gluten Free menu, totally loved the fresh ingredients veggies and melted cheese.  **They're Gluten Free Menu is the biggest I've seen anywhere ELSE!**We plan on going back and bringing more friends/family here because I prefer this place over the Egg & I.  I want to try the coffee next time too. I don't know what I was thinking a soft drink with Lunch.
5	Every time I'm in LV I come here!!! They have THE best brunch food!!!!! It's clean and the customer service is great!!!!!
5	Best coffee ever!  Great menu selection, clean and bright. I had the Coconut Macadamia Pancakes, delicious, and WAY too much coffee! The food is hot, servings are large, bathroom was spotless. The manager checked on me constantly! :) I will absolutely be back.
5	My fiance and I have been coming here almost every Sunday for the past three years. I love everything about it. The waitstaff is extremely friendly and they're always smiling and upbeat. The service is great, even when it's extremely busy, which it usually is on Sundays. I've never had to worry about someone coming to refill my coffee, they always come around and offer refills at the perfect times. The coffee itself is GREAT. Best coffee at a restaurant I think I've ever had, and it's always served hot and tastes fresh. The food has never been disappointing. I tend to order the same two menu items frequently, but any time I try something new it's always good. The only remotely negative thing about this place is it's very popular so there does tend to be a wait time when we come in. However it's usually only 10 minutes tops and I think it's well worth the wait.  I will continue to come here every Sunday for as long as it's open.
4	I am usually not a breakfast person but after reading the Yelp reviews I decided to give this place a shot.  I walked in at 10:30am on a Thursday.  There were lots of empty tables and it was not packed at all.  I was seated right away in a nice booth by the window.  Cory was a delightful and on the ball type of server.  I ordered Coffee, Bottled Water, and The North Shore with seasoned potatoes.  Seasoned Potatoes 5/5. The North Shore was good but had a little to much cheese 4/5.  Coffee 4/5 Service 5/5I would return but I will wait for warmer weather so I can sit outside.
4	HISTORY/DISCOVERYI discovered I was gluten-intolerant this past year and it has made eating out difficult, especially when most of my favorite foods have become my worst enemies: bread,  pancakes, waffles, pasta, etc. With this current news I have been on a hunt for GLUTEN FREE items, and The Cracked Egg is a stellar winner!The gluten free pancakes and other available options here allow me to order my favorite meals and enjoy a quality breakfast meal. The gluten free pancakes here are DELICIOUS and taste like the real deal. The omelet was very good and they even accommodate gluten free toast, which also, verrry good! Solid selection on the menu.4STARSthe only thing preventing this from being 5stars for me is the extra charge for gluten free is a little steep. Sucks to pay extra for having allergies, but I really appreciate the availability and the service we had was really excellent. Waitress was very sweet, helpful, and courteous. Experience was flawless, pricing was a little high.
4	Quick and friendly servers and the eggs benedict is yummy! Also, they have great seasoned potatoes if you didn't want hashbrowns.
4	One of our favorite places to order lunch from for pick up.  We will go out of our way to get their sandwiches and salads.  The food is consistently tasty and the employees are always very nice.  We haven't tried anything on the menu yet that we didn't like!
4	It's breakfast, not much can necessarily go wrong. Greet, water, coffee, digs (omelet, huevos rancheros and fruit plate). Good conversation. Ample parking and kind service.
5	Love this place for breakfast.  As a recent transplant to Vegas (last year), I found this local spot and have been here almost a dozen times.  First and foremost, the 3 things that bring me back are the the coffee cake, the service and the food.  The Coffee Cake is perfection..  I've had at least 4 different kinds and they're all great (although the mocha/chocolate flavor is my favorite).  Lemon and the berry flavors are great as well.  The service here is wonderful as well.  Everyone working here is very friendly, fast and very helpful.The skillets are really good.  I get the veggi skillet and add bacon.  The Pesto Scramble is also a family favorite (egg whites only).  Half-portions on the breakfasts are available too, so I would suggest a half-size or sharing for the lighter eaters.  A definite favorite of mine so don't miss it!
4	Second time coming back to this place. Still great food and friendly servers. Just disappointed when I got my coffee cake. I was expecting like the one last time I got. It turn out that they change daily. The coffee cake I got it didn't look like one. It look like angle cake with cheery inside then drissle with sugar on top. I end up just look at it and observed the cake not eat it. Then I request for wheat toast instead.  So if you are a coffee cake lover like me, you can tell what one good coffee cake look like :) as far food, I had the joe's scramble. It's has ground beef with spinach and potatos. Delish! Very filling. Totally happy with it. Definitely will come back to visit the restaurant next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Good breakfast spot for when you're leaving  Vegas. I had the eggs Benedict. It was amazing. Be sure to try the coffee cake.
3	The Cracked Egg is a solid breakfast restaurant that also serves lunch items as well. My husband and I don't go here often as we prefer other breakfast places around town. Let's start with the service - I've never gone into The Cracked Egg and had a negative experience. The staff is always friendly and polite. Also, they're very attentive and your drink cup is seldom empty. Sometimes there is a bit if a wait to get seated, especially on weekends. Now let's get into the grub - Their food is good. I wouldn't call it delicious, but it's pretty tasty. I ordered the Benedict Ole for $11.40. This breakfast includes two eggs benedict, but instead of ham, it comes with chicken and green chiles. I got to choose between shredded hashbrowns or seasoned potatoes; I chose the hashbrowns. As I said, the meal was pretty good, but the flavors were nothing that left me wanting more. The hashbrowns were also pretty standard. Overall, The Cracked Egg is a solid breakfast joint, but if you want to give other places around town a chance, I think you can find better. Also, their prices aren't really competitive when compared to other eateries. For two egg benedicts with hashbrowns, I paid almost $12.00. You can get more bang for your buck elsewhere.
5	We make special trips here when staying in Vegas.  Particularly love the corned beef hash and chile verde rancheros.  For the most part it is typical breakfast fair, just done better than most other places.
5	This is one of my favorite haunts for lunch! I love Emily and Erin - twins that are both the best and make me feel welcome every time! I have never had bad service at this location and it is close to work. The coffee cake is so unique - different all the time - and their coffee is wonderful. I love the food - tasty and plentiful. There is a lot of fun pictures and decorations on the walls -  the coffee pix are my favorites. Their rewards program is really great - I get coupons with $$ off all the time which brings me back as well.
3	I only ever seem to end up at the Cracked Egg with a coupon in hand. The breakfasts are always solid. Not my favorite in town, but they have quite a bit of variety and it's all pretty good. I have tried a number of things over the years and I tend to prefer their savories to sweets. Coffee cake isn't my thing, so despite all the raves, I have never ordered it more than once. The omelets usually draw my attention and they are good and cooked to order. Service is friendly, but the restaurant gets pretty busy so be prepared to wait or arrive early on weekends.None of the dishes have stood out over the years, but if you're looking for a basic breakfast stop, this is as good a place as any, just make sure you have a coupon.
1	Food was mediocre.Server was okay.NOW THE PROBLEM IS,  THE CASHIER/HOST.When she was seating us, she didnt seem to care and was kinda rude. Whats worse is when we were closing our check..She looked at us with eyebrows up and asked, "how much tip you wanna put?!?" Then when I told her I just wanted to write it sge replied, "okay suite yourself" and stared at the receipt WHILE I WRITE ON IT. when we were about to walk out, didnt thank us at all or anything.  NEVER GOING BACK TO THIS PLACE AGAIN. take my advice: go to egg works instead! They hate their jobs here.
5	Very friendly, every dish was great, quick and hot! We had no problems substituting or adding to out plates and the coffee cake was soooo good!!
3	VERONICA was an outstanding waitress, attentive and engaging. She clarified my order actually helping me pick something better and more to my preference.Sit in her section she will take great care of you!Food ok , not very flavorful. my husband likes this place I am in search of a better place. Was served a BLT style sandwich, the bacon wasn't freshly cooked, guacamole bland, turkey couldn't even taste it, criossant soggy, way too much lettuce excessive amount seriously could have made a side salad out of it. Seasoned shoe strings fries outstanding, I never have liked shoestring fries, so this was a delightful first.Biscuits and gravy lacking flavor.I prefer Cracker Barrel.
5	Love this place but go EARLY! Otherwise you are crammed in a small table or in line for a while.
4	About as solid diner food as you can get. Everything I've gotten here has been solid, if a bit overpriced. Nonetheless, I go there regularly.
5	ok let me be clear.... this place is absolutely amazing. Coffee cake is to die for. Tropical french toast and thats with macadamian nuts and toasted coconut is f****** good. Seasoned potatoes are way better than a long shot vs. Egg works, perfectly seasoned and not salty as f***. anyways yeah i feel like John Smith discovering the New World. this place rocks. And our server Cory is amazing!!
3	Anyone that says this place is 5 star really doesn't know about great breakfast..I will give them the fact that everything was fast and service was good but it seems they just want to push orders out because it's so busy. I can't stand restaurants that do this..like if you have hashbrowns they come out all soggy and undercooked..you guys would be great if you focused on the food a little more because you already have the clientele and breakfast isn't that hard to make
4	Heard about The Cracked Egg from an previous Las Vegas resident. Our waitress, Emily, was wonderful! I asked for recommendations and she gave me a wonderful selection. I ended up choosing "Joe's Scramble" and substituting bacon instead of the ground beef. It was FANTASTIC! The scramble was a "egg"celent, cheesy, bacony and spinach monster! So delicious!He choose the "Biscuits and Gravy" and he couldn't stop raving. The biscuits were soft and the gravy was tasty. He was able to substitute bacon instead of the hash browns and the bacon was cooked to perfection! Two meals and full bellies for under $30!!! I wish there were more places like this!Our only con was the booth. The cushion was lacking so don't plop down in them like we did and hurt yourself.
4	Came here on my companions suggestion on Tuesday of this week. Was on holiday from Phoenix Arizona. Stayed at the blue moon. This was a drive but still worth it. I liked the coffee cake , however it needs a bit more density to be enjoyed. But I did enjoy it enough to give 4 stars. I ate the plain cheese omelet with seasoned potatoes. My companion had a thing with cream cheese combined with the eggs , i could say exactly but I forgot and if I had the menu in front of me I could tell you. Great place , great coffee , great service , I hope to be back soon.
4	Love this place and we go all the time. Awesome coffee cake and delicious egg dishes! Always hard to choose which one to get - they're all so good!!
4	This place is a perfect mixed of down home and modern west. The breakfast options were your classics with some staff originals. I love there scrambles. The portions are smaller than most breakfast places and their prices a little higher but over all I had a great experience and differently recommend this spot.
5	This is my favorite breakfast place in Las Vegas. The coffee cake is the best I've ever had! Beware: it has apples at the bottom, like an apple pie filling, which my husband prefers not to have. He will eat all of the fluffy cake parts though while I try to stab his hand with my fork. It's MINE!Service is fast and friendly. My favorite breakfast meal is chicken fried steak and eggs, which is perfect here. My husband likes plain season potatoes without onions chopped into it...and that's what they serve here!I've never had to wait for a seat here. I usually go before 11 am on weekdays, though!
4	Great place for brunch. Healthy options, great food and nice outdoor patio. Friendly staff.  I will definitely come back again. Only bad thing for me was few soup options.
5	Food is terrific, service is terrific the food portions are large you won't leave hungry. The servers are attentive and very pleasant. The place is clean and so are the bathrooms. I would definitely recommend this place.
3	Laid back basic breakfast place. Inside it reminds me of a breakfast place in So. Cal. I like the feel of it. Have had a variety of dishes. After trying different meals, I usually stick with one of the basic eggs + dishes. Hot links and Eggs are my fave right now. Spicy! Not too too spicy though. Was not impressed with the coffee cake. Was expecting something denser, with a crumble but this was like Angel food cake with strawberry jam and a drizzle of icing. Not my thing. Coffee was pretty good, they could have kept it coming but were quite busy.All in all, they deliver just what I expect of a breakfast place, though I would prefer to be happily surprised.
5	Love this place!!! Always great food and friendly staff!! Can't go wrong w any food here!! Breakfast or lunch any time. I love getting the club sandwich- always stacked high with a huge amount of fresh avocados!!  The seasoned potatoes and coffee cake  are in house made and to die for!!
4	So my second experience was alot better!I did come hungry and I ordered one of my go to breakfast items I eat which is chicken fried steak and eggs with country potatoes. They have redeemed themself and I enjoyed a great meal with great service.I'll be back to have this again
5	This is one of my favorite breakfast places in Vegas. The food is great, service is quick and they have good coffee. A little speedy, but it's a trendy breakfast place so you have to expect that. I love the sausage and any egg dish with that in it I'm happy. I always opt for the coffee cake which is making my mouth drool just thinking about that sweet goodness. Coffee is great there and the staff keeps me full. I think even Mr. Pink would tip. Great place, highly recommended.
5	"GVP"- seasoned potatoes were definitely our favorite. Crunchy and delectable! Perfectly seasoned! The omelette itself was good. A lot of avocados which was a plus. I just wish the omelette was a little more juicier per se. Typical omelette though, nothing outstanding.. The potatoes were def the best thing about this dish. Tropical French toast: really good! Sweet. Lots of sweet fruits. This definitely caught my attention and was pretty unique. Coffee bread: overhyped! But it's still good, but our least favorite dish of our selection.The service was pretty good. Atmosphere was nice as well!
5	This place was so great! I wish I lived in Nevada just so I could come back. Everyone was so nice. The hostess was friendly and our waitress was so nice and sweet. The food was really really good too. They have a great selection on the menu--I had a hard time choosing just one thing to order. Everything sounded good. And what I got ended up being really good. I left full and very satisfied with the service. I might have to take another vacation just so I can stop by for breakfast!
1	It's 80 Degrees outside and beautiful today and they have an empty patio and won't let anyone sit out there. The manager said it's the owners decision. That's so lame!
5	Well we decided to go here because we wanted to try something new instead of all the main food courts on the strip. Definitely a great place to go ans the workers were all around nice. Our server Liz was very quick and friendly. Little bit of humor as well which made it Kool when ordering our food. Food was amazing and perfect after a 5 hr flight. Definitely reccomend stopping there for breakfast ;)
5	My husband and I LOVE this place! We have been coming since they opened. We used to travel to the Rainbow location until they opened the one up near where we live in north las vegas. The food is delicious! They have the best eggs benedict in town and I have tried almost everything in the breakfast menu and everything is great! The atmosphere is great and they have a great staff! Love the service!
4	Great food poor service. Can't really order anything bad.Breakfast or lunch.They make a mean bacon cheeseburger.thick patty crisp bacon,good eats.As for service grumpy career waitresses with the entitled to %20 attitudes to go with em.Keep your attitude I phone in to go.
5	On the journey across America, our first stop was Sin City. My cousin recommended me this breakfast spot called, The Cracked Egg, which was only a few minutes away from the strip. The Cracked Egg on Rainbow Boulevard was located in a strip mall which was pretty empty for a Saturday afternoon. I guess that's what happens when it was over a hundred degrees out. This restaraunt closes at 3:00 P.M, which gave me the impression that their menu must be way above average to be able to serve only breakfast and have multiple locations.Me and my friend reached the restaurant first so we grabbed a table for us and our three friends that were going to meet us there. Our waitress was very kind and told us it was no problem to wait in our booth while we wait for our friends. She even brought out five waters for us while she waited for our group to get together. The menu had a large variety of breakfast foods. They had the typical breakfast foods of eggs, sausages, omelettes, skillets, burgers, and other things.I ordered the Homemade Corned Beef Hash, which was made of bell peppers, onions, and eggs. I chose to have hash browns and coffee cake on the side instead of seasoned potatoes and toast. The coffee cake arrived first and I was delighted to see that it was hot, instead of the usual cold pastries many breakfast places serve. Shortly after I finished my coffee cake, the table's main dishes came out. The Homemade Corned Beef Hash came out in a glass skillet styled dish.           It didn't resemble the typical corned beef hash found in cans, but it looked more like ham, bell peppers, and onions put underneath two scrambled eggs. My hash browns were served on a separate plate.I was very impressed with the quality of ingredients used to make such a simple meal. The eggs were fresh, and the cooking of the hash browns were perfect. None of the potatoes were burnt, unlike many other breakfast style restaurants. The Cracked Egg is probably one of the best breakfast spots I have been to. Their quality of food and service is probably why they can afford to open their restaurants until only 3:00 P.M! I will definitely come again next time I'm in Vegas for my breakfast fix!
5	Love this place!Stopped in for breakfast after a big night out. This is the perfect hangover spot.Service is good, fast.I ordered a Big Bad Wolfe omelette and got the home fries. Instead of toast opt for the Coffee Cake because it's warm, and freaking delicious. Glad I live in the area because this is going to be a regular spot for me. Lots of breakfast and lunch options.Don't miss it!
2	First time coming here. i brought my wife and her friend. We all order different food. we were all disappointed. We came out there to get off the strip and have a good breakfast. It was all just average. I was very surprised we didn't love it. I looked it up on yelp first. it had 4 stars out of 299 people. I get there and parked and was a little skeptical because it looked like a strip mall. But then i get to the door and see all the awards and all the pictures of all the people that votes them the best food. We get our food and it was just average. I wish i would have went to black bear diner, egg and I or omelet house. But i know now. The food just didn't have much flavor. Im usually kind of picky but my wife who usually doesn't care said the same thing.
3	My family took me and the fella out for breakfast this weekend to take our minds off of some stress we have going on, and we decided to go to The Cracked Egg.We had a party of 8, and when we arrived, we were told it would be about a 20 minute wait...they were packed, but we were seated within about 15 minutes or so.  The menu is big, but not overwhelming, and they had something for everyone.  I've been on a new nutrition plan the last 2 weeks, and wanted to continue trying to eat somewhat healthy, and I was pleased to know that they offer healthy options.  They give you an option for egg whites (I prefer the whole egg for my breakfast...get some of the good fat into my diet), and rather than seasoned potatoes or hash browns, they give you the option to have a fresh fruit plate with your breakfast.I ordered The Greek Omlette, which had spinach, diced tomatoes, and feta cheese on top.  It was really good, and not too big, like so many other places.  My fella had the cobb salad with no avocado, and oil and vinegar dressing.  He enjoyed it, however, a word of caution:  Don't order the Hot Bacon dressing.  It appears to be ranch dressing with bacon grease mixed in.  It wasn't served hot, and it was absolutely disgusting. (I took a small taste.) The breakfast also came with coffee cake, which I, sadly, only had a small bite of...but it was really good too.All in all, the food was solid.  Not anything mind-blowing, but it was a good choice.Service was a little slow to start, as it took a little while for someone to come over for drink orders...and by the time they did, we knew what we wanted to eat, but realistically, it wasn't that bad of a wait...we got to visit a bit, and the place WAS packed.  I'd come back again for sure.
4	The food was good...the service was great.  I will try the French Toast selection next time and see if that is good.  I felt this was just a typical breakfast place...nothing special but I will be back :)
5	Best breakfast in town as far as I'm concerned! I try to get something different every time and have never been disappointed! Macadamia coconut pancakes.......
5	As solid as a place like this gets. This is run of the mill breakfast diner food consistently executed very well and with great service.
5	I've been coming here for a long time. I always receive excellent service, happy workers, and they're all so very sweet and genuine. Food is BOMB :)I usually get the croissant egg sandwich thingy (can't think of the name for some reason) and occasionally a coffee cake. Pros:Great coffee (not so common)The best customer serviceExcellent foodNice place Can eat inside or out Cons:Can't think of any. :) the wait usually isn't more than 10 minutes.
4	I enjoyed. Would have enjoyed even more had they had mimosas lol - but that's just me tho. Very friendly server, food was really good. I'll be back.
4	I intended on going to Stacks and Yolks this morning but drive by and it was super busy so I yelped this place and came here . I'm glad I did .Pros- has a cool feel to it . Kinda like someone's kitchen. Big menu with lots of choices for all egg/juevos lovers. I literally finished all my  food! Which is rare for me lol Our server "Nancy" was really sweet and patient because it took me a while to decideCons - I wish they has chicken and waffles but then again that's probably just the ABM (Angry Black Man) in me talking haha Check them out ! If your in the Southwest area !
3	It was very good.. Despite the fact that we waited a looooooong time for our food to come out.. And got the it's the kitchens fault routine.. We all work in the service industry.. So we didn't by that.. Would've been nice if something was comped considering how long we waited for our food..instead of a bunch of "I'm sorry" from everyone that walked by.
4	I enjoyed. Would have enjoyed even more had they had mimosas  lol - but that's just me tho. Very friendly server, food was really good. I'll be back. I have a pic but this silly Yelp app won't let me add it.
5	I had to meet someone at this Cracked Egg location a few weeks back. I had already formed an opinion of the chain based on another Cracked Egg that I visited. HOWEVER, I was blown away at the entire experience. The servers are funny, personable and engaging, the food is great and the decor was perfect. I had such a positive experience that i went back several times on my own since the first visit and even had a meeting there. After having been there several times now, I can say that I have had the same great experience every time. The management must have a great system in place to train the servers and cooks to provide a consistent high level of customer experience. I just cannot say too many good things about this Cracked Egg.
5	This place doesnt dissapoint, service is always good, and food is delicious. This is our go to breakfast spot in vegas!
4	Always friendly service.  This is one of my favorite breakfast stops in Vegas.  The coffee cake is something to add to any breakfast, trust me.  Simple home cooked start to your day.
5	The best breakfast on this side of valley. Friendly staff, clean tables excellent coffee. Always crowded but that proves their greatness. My wife loves the coffee cake. I have a passion for the corned beef. Bring your appetite and plan on taking some of it home. Very full plates.
5	Sometimes busy but worth the wait! Love the food I get here every time. The staff is friendly and service is great even when it's packed!
5	One of my favorite breakfast places. I love the French toast & the eggs Benedict. I always leave satisfied!
4	I. Love. The Cracked Egg.It's such a cute little breakfast/lunch stop! You can never go wrong with a home-y feeling restaurant! I usually come here with my boyfriend for breakfast. They're always busy but we usually get sat within 15-20 minutes. People are in and out! I am always greeted with awesome service and the vibe is such a family and home-y atmosphere. I really enjoy getting the nutella stuffed smores french toast. TO. DIE. FOR. I've probably gotten it like 5 or 6 times already! They also have some of the best seasoned potatoes in town. One of my absolute favorites! I also really like their omelets. They're super hot and fresh and you can make them however you want or they have a few you can choose from. I like The Denver! I've also had their skillets, DELISH! I always have a hard time choosing what I want to get. I want to try their whole menu because everything looks so good! Eventually I will be able to get to that point, but for now I have stuck with what I know is truly my favorite. The french toast. Go ahead, try it! You won't be disappointed!
5	The homemade coffee cake is amazing! Everything was fresh and cooked well! I ordered the croissant french toast with fruit and berries and it was incredible...even the blueberries were fresh! This will be our go to breakfast spot for sure!
3	Standard breakfast and brunch only establishment. So far have only tried a GVP omelet, club sandwich and the huevos rancheros. Nothing special taste-wise, but the service was fairly fast, as is the common expectation in these types of eateries.Expect a 10-20 minute wait on weekends. Never been there during the workweek.
5	Wow...is all I can say. Their Gluten Free Blueberry Pancakes are out of this world delicious. I can't wait to drive back to Vegas just to eat these pancakes!
5	One of my favorite breakfast joints in town. As a local, I'm always looking for great places to show my friends visiting from out of town. Hands down this is one of my favorites!I always get the basic breakfast with egg whites and turkey sausage. The coffee cake is AMAZING!
4	This is a clutch breakfast and brunch place for helicopter parents and their children. The menu selections are varied enough to entice every "Gimme Generation" appetite and their babysitters too. Coffee cake is Awesome. Outdoor seating available. Friendly people. Honest coffee. Centralized location. Expect to spend about $18 per person at a minimum and tip well at this restaurant.
5	So yummy! We came because Mr. Mama had a 45 min wait and it was only a 15 min wait here... Long enough for us to look at the menu and make our selection. Our server, Liz, was so friendly and if we had won at the casino we would've tipped more, but we gave her a 30% tip. French toast was ok, but the coffee cake was sooooo yummy! California omlet had a half avocado, which was more than I expected. Perfectly ripe and wish I had taken a pic!Season potatoes were perfect, no ketchup necessary. We plan in returning every time we come to Vegas and tell everyone we know!
5	Great service (our server was Liz). Great prices. Food was very good too. Definitely recommend getting the coffee cake over the toast with your breakfast meal. Had the big bad wolf omelet and it was good. The seasoned potatoes were great too. French toast was cool, but I've has better. But overall this place is great. Would definitely recommend it.
3	I've been here before and it's been the same experience, fast service, good food and nice portions. Nothing extraordinary, but good.  The one complaint this time is that I ordered the corn beef hash breakfast and was disappointed that it had very little corn beef in it, like 25% beef and 75% potato. My suggestion, skip the corn beef hash breakfast.
5	Peanut Butter Stuffed French Toast is to die for! Love this place, wish we had one here in So Cal!!
3	As we first walked in, we were not greeted by the hostess. She should be one of the most friendliest people on the staff, but instead was dressed more comfortable than casual and never smiled. The food was good, especially the seasoned potatoes. Although, they forgot to bring out the bacon that I ordered along with the coffee cake. The food was a little overpriced but still enjoyed all of it. 3 stars for the food, this place lacked in quality customer service.
5	Just moved to Vegas and I've been coming here for breakfast every morning for a week.  Great home style food!  Tried something new every morning and everything has been excellent.
4	A great place for Breakfast.  My wife and I...tired of the expensive Las Vegas Strip foods...and the cheap buffet's off strip buffet's, decided to give "The Cracked Egg" a try.  We were not disappointed!  The menu is extensive...and most dishes are priced an average of $11.  We are skillet crazed and the Egg delivered! I had the "Bacon-Cheeseburger Skillet" and my wife had a build your own skillet with sausage, tomato's, onions and cheese.  Cheeseburger for breakfast you say?  It was just chock full of ground beef, plenty of cheese, home style potatoes and fresh bacon galore.  I added a side of hollandaise to top my perfectly cooked eggs over easy and voila...taste perfection.  No skimping here.  The place was typical strip mall diner style seating...the staff friendly and helpful...all in all a great place to catch a great hearty breakfast!  Hungry for lunch...check the backside of the menu for sandwiches, burgers etc.  But the breakfast is the draw..I mean...it is called "The Cracked Egg" afterall.
5	I have been coming here for 15 years. Best breakfast food in Las Vegas. I'm a local and wouldn't go anywhere else. Friendly staff and the waitresses always remember what I order.
4	Great breakfast place for the price. I reserve 5 stars for only the best of the best. But you can't go wrong here for your straight up classic breakfast dishes. I got the GVP omelette huevos rancheros style with re fried beans and salsa. Even the waitress was like: Damn. That's a good order. ;)
5	Great food. Great Service. :) will be back when we visit Vegas again! Get the Coffee Cake. It's a MUST have!!
4	Keeping this short. I am a fan of their scrambles and monte cristo. The food quality is better than babystacks. The service is solid as well. Even when they're incredibly busy, the food comes out in a timely fashion.
5	They will go above and beyond if you're not happy. Ashley the manager was super helpful. They also have a gluten free menu with great options.
1	This review is for the hosting staff only...Ok, so every time we come out to Vegas to visit my brother we eat here at least once. Usually we have a little wait to sit down-5-10 mins most. We are a party of seven. I've been sitting here now for 30 minutes waiting for a table while they seat a party of eight that is not even all here yet. Then they ask us if we can squeeze into a booth with a high chair on the end. A booth for four. And it is really not that busy in here.Still waiting...almost 40 mins.Be smart and don't hire stupid kids as hosts. And take off that stupid beanie. You're indoors for goodness sakes.
5	This place was sheer perfection. We were hopping from Las Vegas to Tahoe and wanted a quick breakfast bite off the 95. What a find! Their gluten free options were plentiful- clearly they have taken a thoughtful approach here. My partner had a meaty green chile eggs situation - and was in heaven. Their service was all round great and our waiter was especially sweet. We wound up ordering gluten free sandwiches for our long road trip ahead too. Thank you cracked egg- we will crack a smile when we remember you!
2	Why is food in Summerlin so terrible! Well, it's not terrible, it's just the same crap other restaurants are serving. For example, there is another breakfast place I can't remember the name of (i think Egg was also in the title) that uses the same potatoes as this place, meaning they all get it from the same vendor. The waitress was really pushing us on these crappy, frozen potatoes that looked like they came from Vons. The meals are big portions and ready to give you a heart attack. I just wish the food here wasn't so bland and unoriginal. I like diner food, but jeez, don't serve me the same stuff as every other schlup in Vegas.
3	We came to this place since Mr.Mama's was very busy. The restaurant environment was a bit crammed in. We both ordered breakfast the portions were large and the food quality was good. It however lacks class there is nothing that makes this place more distinguished from the other thousands of diners in this country, that's why I'm giving it a 3 instead of 4
5	I was very impressed with the customer service here. Especially this one waitress, I didn't get her name.I ordered a veggie croissant sandwich and got fries with ranch. I didn't even know I could get fries (didn't say on the menu). The croissant sandwich tasted good. I was mostly in love with the fries. It had just enough crunch and flavor to it. Taste great with or without ranch.I have ate here 3 times already. It's too bad this is only open til 2/3pm.
5	This place is great! The service is quick and friendly, and the portions are huge. I ordered a soup and sandwich for lunch and the soup came in the biggest bowl I have ever seen. I was full before I even got to the sandwich! (But ate it anyways, I could never pass up a BLT)I have been a few times now and they are always very accommodating with substitutions and special requests. The burgers and omelettes also have large portion sizes. I will definitely be returning!
