1	I foolishly lived at San Simeon for nearly 3 years. At first, the apartment I was in seemed decent because it was my first apartment ever! After our 13 month lease was up, I moved into an upgraded unit near the water. At first, it seemed great. I quickly learned that the carpet, which was suppose to be "upgraded" was WORSE than the As-Is unit. It is a cheap tan berber carpet that looks completely filthy and destroyed within an hour of walking on it. Maintenance was so slow to respond to a leak in the bathroom and then shut off the water completely in the bathroom and never told us when it would be back on! After 7 months in the unit, I was informed that I had to vacate within 2 months because the owner of the unit (I was never informed it was a privately owned unit at any point) wanted us out, even though we payed rent promptly every month. In fit and a hurry, my roommate and I moved into a 3 bedroom because we were thinking the space would be nice...IT WAS A LEMON!!!When I go my keys, the office girl told me the carpet was new and that there was a hole in the master bedroom door (my room) and that it would be replaced a.s.a.p. Well, it took them ONE MONTH to finally give me a new door! Not to mention that my bedroom door wouldn't even close all the way unless I shoved it and when I asked them to fix it, they didn't! The carpet was not new and one of the laundry doors fell off. A few months later, the oven didn't work at all and it keep shorting out our power when we tried to fix it. When I went to the office for help (Because no one EVER answers the phone) I saw a sign on the door stating the office closed early...for the super bowl! Like it counted as a holiday!). I hated this apartment so much that I actually moved out early, moved in with my boyfriend, and continued to pay my portion of the rent. IT WAS A NIGHTMARE!!!The worst part is when I left. In the past, I never had deposit issues, until it was in regards to me leaving the complex. The staff was snotty and cold. Then I get a $1100 bill in the mail from them! They claimed that the carpet damage was irreversible and it needed to be replaced. I fought it and fought it, I even met with the maintenance man who signed off on my move in check list that stated the carpet was not new and not in good condition. HE ADDMITTED THAT THE CARPET THEY SUPPLY IS A CHEAP BERBER AND IS EXTREMELY POOR IN QUALITY AND HE ADMITTED THAT NEARLY ALL OF THE TENANTS HAVE TO PAY TO GET IT REPLACED!!!! HE COMPLETELY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SAN SIMEON SCREWS PEOPLE!!! HIS NAME IS RENEE, IN CASE YOU EVER NEED TO KNOW.The staff is uneducated, lazy, and unresponsive. The maintenance does not care and is slower than a snail to respond. The apartments are a joke and poorly constructed. Please, don't waste your hard earned money.
4	Snowbird central. Pretty quiet most times with two pools. The neighbors are nice in my area. All depends on the landlord if you are a renter.
