5	Booo so sad to see the Sur La Table @ Planet Hollywood- Miracle Mile go out of business. I needed some crepe twirlers for my store so I finally tracked them down at Fashion Show Mall..Ahh this place can never fail you!!!!!! The sales rep told me that the former location was taken over for Victoria's Secret, hence they had to move out to a new location. Sur La Table @ Fashion Show is 1/3 of what their store used to be. But nonetheless, they have amazing cool kitchen gadgets. I found out that if you are a part or a business owner you can give them your business card and they will give you 15% off every purchase! Pretty neat huh?! The staff is friendly and I can promise you their 40-60% sales they have every time will sucker you into this place. Everything that you need to be your own amazing chef is right at Sur La Table!!!!
4	I have to say that this store never fails me.  I've been in 3 times in 3 weeks looking for different things.  Each and every time I found a helpful staff member who knew exactly what was needed.  I recently bought a Moroccan tangine from there and the sales staff asked if I needed a diffuser.  I said no as I thought perhaps she was trying to bump up the sale.  Lo and behold, I get home and look at my new Moroccan cookbook and it says to use a diffuser!  Guess what, off I go the next week to Sur La Table for a diffuser.  I happened upon the same sales staff and she remembered me especially when I told her she was right...I needed a diffuser!  Yesterday I needed a new carafe for my Bodum.  I found a salesperson who knew immediately the size I needed and got it for me.  Perfect!My only complaint might be that the store is a bit crowded with merchandise but yes I do understand it's the holiday season.  It just makes it a bit difficult to maneuver when it's crowded.
4	I just flat love Sur La Table.  I noticed their absence from The Miracle Mile shops last summer and asked around my friends and found out this was where they had moved.  So I had to go check them out!  They have gone from an average sized store to the largest in the chain to now the smallest in the chain.  Inventory must be a real night mare here with no real stock room and hardly any walking room between the racks.  I hear they are still looking for a space to have a teaching kitchen, possibly out in the Summerlin area.  I resisted buying anything as I was on foot that day.
4	Kinda pricey but a very extensive selection with very helpful employees. I know next to nothing about cooking but the employees gave me some pretty decent information and helped me to get exactly what I needed. Shane was especially helpful.
5	As I've mentioned many times before, I sell people over-priced luxury goods for a living. So when I go shopping, I either expect to be given 5-star customer service or simply left alone. For the past 2-3 weeks, I've been shopping around for an expresso machine. And while I ultimately ended up purchasing through Williams-Sonoma (sorry), I have to give Sur La Table props for their awesome customer service. If I had a choice, I would have purchased here but I had a couple Williams-Sonoma gift cards that needed to be spent.Shane was my sales associate. If you see a guy with a funny mustachio, you've found the guy. He's rather pleasant to talk to, patient, and quite knowledgeable on all the expresso machines they carry. He helped me narrow down my options to the Nespresso line. And although they didn't carry the model I wanted in-store, he kindly offered to order it for me. They also had a special 30% off sale + 6 free cups deal going on. If my WS gift cards were to Sur La Table I would have totally made my purchase there. Not only did they have great prices during sale time but I was so incredibly pleased with how I was waited on--that doesn't happen often. Sorry Shane! They don't work on commission here but they do get credit for their sales. So if you waste someone's time, make sure you go back to them when you buy!
3	Great concept and a good place to get those hard-to-find kitchen tools. However, this store is overstocked on almost every shelf which makes it difficult to even walk around. There are shelves, booths, boxes and displays everywhere and they do not seem to follow any logic. For example, the salt grinders and in the same shelf as the cast-iron cookware while other spices (which I would expect to find around where the salt grinders are) are scattered all over the place. If i could give one advice to the manager it would be organize and de-clutter your store!
5	I do love Sur La Table.  I miss the location in Miracle Mile which was much bigger, but was very relieved that they are still here in Vegas.  This store is much more cramped, but it has lots of great tools and helpful staff.I stopped by this week to return a gift I was given for store credit.  A family friend came in town and gave me an immersion blender, which I already got for a wedding gift.  I popped in to Sur La Table and the associate was happy to give me store credit on a gift card of my choice (I chose one with champagne all over it!)What is really great about Sur La Table: the prices are reasonable, and they have hard to find kitchen tools.  I recently purchased a suribachi here (Japanese mortar and pestle) to be able to grind sesame seeds.  The one in the store had a broken piece to it so the store shipped me a new one for free.  I also got a julienne peeler with handle for making kinpira (but it can be used for making veggie "noodles").I also got a gorgeous angled bamboo mortar and pestle so Eric R. can pound out some Thai curry paste from scratch.  That is the one thing he excelled in more than I did in our Thai cooking class on our honeymoon!I have also purchased mother of pearl caviar spoons here, a copper Portuguese cataplana pan, cookbooks, and the star of my kitchen: a tagine!  A large, ceramic tagine here only cost me $25!  and I use it to make my signature dish, even transporting it across state lines to cook tagine in California last winter.  If you own a food business or are a chef, you can qualify for a discount by getting in the store's system.  Otherwise, they have lots of coupons and deals I get in my email.  Time to get cookin'!
4	If I could have it my way, I would have a walk in pantry the size of this Sur La Table store with everything in this store in it. Until then, I can dream and get little gems to slowly get my kitchen to such  great heights. My only bone to pick with this place is that its stocked too well for a small store and can feel narrow and crowded. Still, this store has niche items that other home stores do not so I'm a big fan. A plus is the people who work here have always been friendly and I imagine if you have questions they'll have answers. I normally come in here with a agenda (or else I will end up with wanting too much) so I haven't really conversed with them much though. The only thing that could make this better is a bigger space and perhaps a teaching kitchen like other Sur La Tables have.
5	Yelp 100 Challenge * 78/100Sur La Table has moved!Now located on the first floor at the Fashion Show Mall, right next to Macy's Men, SLT is bigger, shinier and better. They also serve ice-cold grapefruit water by the entrance so you can now sip your awe away.While products here are still beyond spending capacity, I do enjoy eyeing what I plan to fill my own kitchen with in the future. For now, I daydream about setting my own colorful table mats for dinner, napkins tucked into cute napkin rings and placing themed tissues by the sink. With one of their almost-vintage-looking-apron on, I would carefully arrange my spice rack alphabetically and then put on one of their adorable mitts as I place dinner in the oven. All of that would go so well with a miyabi artisan 7-piece knife set by the counter and teddy bear-shaped cookie cutters, popsicle stick makers and ice-cream recipe books! SLT always brings me to my own world. Like a kitchen-esque art gallery, I often sift through items as if I were studying a painting. Girls (and guys!) who're into cooking and kitchen collectables, SLT will not disappoint. Drop by the new store and fall into your own daydream!Warning: When daydreaming, don't look at price tags. They tend to wake you up.
3	Very helpful staff but a bit pushy on sales.  The inventory is pretty small compared to other sur la tables I have been to. I bought a set of pans and when I went home  to wash them, I realized they had all been used!
4	Sur La Table is one of those stores that you love to hate. I love the home goods that they carry, but I hate them because they are so damn pricey. The quality of their items are high end and their knives are amazing. The associates are so nice. I walked around for no more than 2 minutes before an associate printed out the registry and helped me track down the items I needed. Then I proceeded to almost buy a Nespresso machine. I made a beeline to the cash register and ran.
4	I love this store for the gourmet spices, oils, and flours, and for the knife sharpening service that they provide.  The sales are always fantastic, and they carry hard to find equipment.
2	I am a long time customer of Sur La Table and I love this new, remodeled location. The store is still cluttered and the aisles are cramped and small, making it difficult to move around the shop, but the items for sale are still top notch. This is a foodie's dream when it comes to browsing for kitchen wares.Note that the physical location in the mall has changed -- this store is now located by the new Macy's men's shop and is tucked away in a corner of the Fashion Show Mall. I was shopping here earlier in the week and I'm writing this 2 star review because of the lack of service. I walked around nearly 10 minutes with NOT ONE of the three employees supposedly "working" that day offering to help me with anything. I even stood by the cash register so I could ask for help and I was completely ignored. Hmm. This isn't typical for Sur La Table. I guess I'll have to give this location another try but I'm not in a big hurry to come back. I left without buying anything because of the lack of service.
5	I have gone there for numerous times this year and every one was very helpful and sincere to me. They are capable to answer questions I had regarding the products they carry. When I had a problem with a pan, they would just exchange a new one for me without guilt tripping me (I think they saw that the pan did have some quality issue). They always asked what they can help me with the moment I stepped in the store, even when it was on one of their most busiest days (before Christmas). I am very impressed with them. I like this particular store way better than the other one in town (you would know which one, there are currently only two in town),  and I like this one better than any William Sonoma. Please keep up your good work ethics.
