5	I happened to be downtown looking for the Public Records Building and stumbled arcoss this place. It is a huge warehouse building.When you come inside, you are amazed by what they have. They have just recently opened up at this location. So they have not started to advertise yet. But, it is coming.We looked through Rows and rows of fabulous stuff. Everything was really clean and nice looking. There is absolutly everything that you could imagine here. But, all nicely packaged and displayed so that it is easy to see and easy to find.So much furniture from every Era and every type of room. Appliances, dishes, glasses, building supplies. You name it they have it.Except for clothes i did not see any of that, but every other type of need. Right now they are only accepting cash, but they will be taking Credit Cards soon. They will not take checks.This is a really cool place to visit. Check it out i think you will really enjoy it. We bought some book shelves and they will even help you place it in the vehicle.Lots of Parking and easy to get to, very near Bank One Ballpark, or whatever it is called these days.  Ciao
5	Just go there.  Check it out.  No matter who you are, they have something in stock that you can use.  It's like having multiple department, sporting goods, office, and home improvement stores in one giant warehouse.  Also imagine it as everything on Craig's List all in one place and without the hassle of dealing with unreliable people and schedules.  The prices typically beat CL prices so you don't need to haggle, but if you do think something is priced improperly, they'll discuss it.Top that off with friendly service and pretty good hours.
5	This place is great! Once I was able to pull my jaw off the floor I found some great deals in the tools section, bought a lawn mower for $50 and learned how to search the Craigslist catalogue. Having just bought my first home, I will definitely be making this my second for the next few months.
5	Jaw dropping place.  I picked up a vintage industrial wine rack today.  It was already a good price, but the seller was willing to go for 15% less.  The process is unique.  The stuff is impressive.  A giant thrift store/craig's list/ ebay experience.  And the staff is really friendly and fun.  Just go.
5	Amazing!!! This place goes on forever!! Lots of awesome treasures to be found! I was on the search for a tv stand and there was so much to choose from!!  The staff was more than friendly and there was always someone there to help! I will be a regular for sure :))
5	This place is AMAZING! Well organized, clean, good prices, helpful employees...  This place is difficult to describe- it's a block-long warehouse with everything in it. I also like the way their pricing system works- it feels like you're in IKEA. You get a little pad of paper and a pen (provided), write down the item numbers you like, and type in the item numbers at a kiosk (they are everywhere, clearly labeled). The current price pops up along with photos and a description (which also tells you if there are any issues with the item).
5	The best place to buy unique used/new stuff. Why buy junk from ikea or stuff made in China, when you can buy classically sweet "well made" stuff? Simply Awesome. Go check it out.
5	love, love, love this store! I've scored hugh savings on real treasures. You can make offers and get what you want for a price you want to pay. We've purchased everything from a black leather loveseat to a Kirk's Folly necklace (Giuseppe Armani art too)!Just go. You'll find it addicting...
1	this place is a jock !!!!!if you wonder why everything looks like it has been there forever".. its because it has..there is not a single piece in the place that is fairly priced.i looked up the price of a used vacuum "one i had just bought new"and it was 69.00.. only mine was 59.00 brandnew"how they sell anything is beyond me.. it was a waist of time.
1	I was just at this store and all I can say is "SUPER OVERPRICED"  For instance, a Louis Vuitton suitcase that was actually in Fantastic condition was priced at $7000.00This was probably from the 1980's and would only fetch about $3000 in today's market!  I also found a couple Le Crueset dishes that were priced at $79 and $99 which you can buy new for that price.  Everything I priced was about 100% over market value.  The store itself was an interesting concept but also irritating as you have to write down the item number and plug it into the kiosk to get the price.  I was completely disappointed and will not return.
4	This place is really big and kinda weird.  You have to enter numbers into a computer to get the price, but you find out lots of info about the object when you do that... Also, you can negotiate if something is over $25.  I didn't buy anything that much.  I got a Frye black leather fanny pack for like $9.  I'll go back.
5	If you are a buget, thrift store, or garage sale shopper, this will be heaven for you!!! Just remember that you can make an offer on anything priced higher than $50. They have everything!
4	This place is massive and full of interesting and one of a kind stuff.  WEAR COMFORTABLE SHOES!!!  If you love garage saling, or digging through a thrift store, then you'll love this place.  The only negative thing I have to say, is that alot of the stuff is a tad over-priced.  However, you can put in a lower offer on anything over $25, and they contact the seller to present the offer.  Within minutes, you get a response, and either it's accepted, or it's counter offered.  Also, they told me they don't have air conditioning, just swamp coolers, so going in the middle of summer, in the middle of the day...might be a bit warm, but don't let that deter you... just be prepared to sweat.  They offer free water!!!  Have fun, and good luck.
5	Been going here for years now. Ray and Gage are a really big help and make shopping here easy. Almost at every turn there is something to look at and so far I have not gone there and come out empty handed. Also the new Mesa store is very nice as well. It feels different but also nice. You can dicker with them on price if its over $25 or if its broken or does not work. Now for the not so good... until they get some fans or swamp coolers in the building, so EARLY as the A/C does not work. They need to work on this, otherwise love the place!EDIT on 12 June. Went to the Mesa store again and they had Air Conditioning this time! Glad to see it and they will really increase their sales with this!
4	Overwhelming is the first word that comes to mind when I think of Ultimate Consignment. This place is HUGE. Like, crazy huge. Like, you could spend all day there huge. The boyfriend and I love to thrift but after a couple hours we were beat - and I know there's stuff we missed. At first I just kind of walked around in a daze, overlooking the different sections. But then I started digging into the shelves in one corner of the store and that's where I A) found some cool stuff and B) realized just how much stuff this place really has.The way it works is that each item has a code on it. You write down the code, and then enter it into one of their computer stations. If it's under a certain amount, $35 I think, then that's the price, no negotiating. If it's over that, you can haggle with the consignor. The store clerks will contact the consignor with your offer and they can either accept it or not. We found a handful of things that came home with us but even more things we had to resist. If you enjoy thrifting you cannot miss checking this place out.
3	Huge selection of stuff you didn't know you wanted!
1	Went to this consignment store as it is 2 min from my downtown apartment, first thing you notice is that there is no A/C. DO NOT GO HERE IN THE SUMMER. You will be sweating within 5 min of walking around. Next thing I notice is this place is ginormous. I mean HUGE! And this is not a great thing in a place that takes an hour or so to properly get through with no A/C. Next is the prices. Let me first say there is no prices on the goods, you have to write down the product number and take it to a kiosk type machine that gives you further info on it. Im not sure were they are going with this system, but it sucks. Its time consuming and annoying. Now, the actual pricing from what I have seen is a joke. I took my teacher girlfriend there who was looking for games for her class, and she was not happy that 10 year old games (i.e. connect 4...) in fair to bad condition were $10+ when you can get the same games at goodwill for $1-$2. And if you think you will find treasures here at a good price, you wont.  Suggestions: 1. Lower your prices.2. Get some A/C for god sake!3. Put the prices on your products.UPDATE: Went back to this place because I needed a tape deck and it was the only place I could think of. Got the tape deck, and accidentally left my iPhone behind. There were only employees in the store at the time, and they would barely help me find it and would not let us see the security footage to see where I left it. The phone was dead, and I could not track it. Thennn I get an email at 11:00pm that the phone has been located by Find My iPhone (best app ever) and the phone was in Chandler. Pretty positive this was an employee theft as there is another location closer to chandler. Ended up going to the address listed at 6am the next day. A Mexican man came out of his dilapidated house and said he had "no idea" and "doesn't go to Phoenix" as soon as I told him I had his address and would just call the police over, he all of a sudden had it! WOW. Now I really will not go back to this store, and I vow to find the employee who took it and teach him a lesson. AGAIN, DO NOT GO HERE. SHADY.
3	This would've been a 4 star review had the customer service been better upon checkout.  They had what I was looking for and I'm always looking for a great bargain.  This wasn't my first time coming here but the first time I walked in the doors they assumed I knew what I was doing and I was completely lost and frustrated because the prices weren't on the tags.  I totally understand why the prices aren't on there now but it would've been nice to have a little 30 second orientation upon walking in.  It's a very overwhelming store if you are just getting to know the place but it's got great deals and totally worth the look!
3	way to hot inside
3	I am going to have to agree with many other yelpers. There is no excuse for no ac. The prices are too high on worn out items and its not as clean as others claim. The staff is very friendly and helpful but don't seem to be very bothered by the heat. I can't imagine what it will be like in the winter.The iPad carts are a great idea but on both of my adventures they were all being used and I had the basic note pad and pen. The computer kiosks to look up prices, are extremely simple and very useful.This is not a place I would go and browse at again. If I ever want to pay close to the original price of something that is used I may return. There is no chance of an antiquing outing here more of an organized all in person Craigslist / eBay. Still a very large and full consignment facility with helpful and friendly staff.
5	I came in to Ultimate Consignment earlier this week and purchased two dressers for my sons. Aaron, one of the employees there, helped me pick out the perfect pair. He was so attentive and knew exactly what I was looking for. Excellent customer service from this young man.
2	The biggest collection of garage sale rejects in the city.Items are dirty, dusty and of questionable working order.
1	Prices are ridiculous. I probably looked at 50 items and didn't even buy 1. Generally their old beat up item was 10% cheaper than buying the same item brand new on Amazon. Most of the items they had would be much cheaper on craigslist or ebay.On top of it they don't have any prices and only had a couple of those price scanning carts and none were available. Therefore every item you think you may be interested in requires you bringing it over to a scanner that is often far away. The whole entering each code is ridiculous. I understand not wanting to retag items, but nowadays it would be cheap and easy to have a bunch of remote scanners or cameras so EVERY user can have one available and just scan each item quickly to see prices.They do have a great selection and things are well organized and neat, but the prices and amount of work to scan items is way too much. If they dropped prices I'd be a regular, but at more expensive than ebay I'll probably never buy anything there.
1	My kid bought a remote control toy Corvette there. It did not work. We took it back. They talked us into taking a different remote control. Still didn't work. WE, THE PARENTS, WORK...ALOT and cannot keep running back and forth to the damned store. By the time we get it back there again, they say, oh no, can't return, 30 days is up. The poor kid. Not cool, Ultimate Consignment.
1	READ Your 'bullshit' contract before this company steals from you!Do not place your items to sell!!!  My item was misplaced or stolen...too bad ..they said! 'We are not responsible" Had item priced 150.00 sold 85.00 without even calling.me?   Stay away!   Far far away! Takes 30-45 days until I received a check.for sold.items! Worst ran business ever!  Place your items for sale on Craigslist!I hope to file class action against this company! Anyone else? ...the NO A/C issue in Downtown is also a joke!
1	Consider this more of a donation center, because they never pay you when your items sell.   I brought in a brand in a brand new boys bike to sell which they placed at $80 dollars. I knew it would sell fast. Life got busy and after four months I went down to the store (because when you call no one actually helps you) and they said "oh, yes that sold over 8 weeks ago. You didn't receive your check for $60? We will send another out to your right away."   Fast forward 3 months and still no check! I stopped in again last week and they said my check for $30 dollars should have been to me by now. "Uhm, $30 dollars? I was told several months ago that I had a check for $60". I should have used Craigslist but I wanted to support a local business. This place should be shut down or consider doing business in an honest manner.
4	Seems like acres and acres of deals all under one roof!  I never did make it to the "home decor" section......but it was too hot to be there too long.  That's the only reason for less than 5 stars.  Industrial fans just don't cut it during a Phoenix summer.  Maybe I'll try to go early morning next time.I love having the Ipad cart to check the prices of things.  I didn't pay full price for anything I picked up.  (see they give you this ipad cart that you stroll around with and things may have a price or some don't.  You input the inventory number into the ipad and it tells you the current price!  Excellent idea for mark downs in a retail setting BTW!).So you just stroll and find stuff, look up the current price, decide what you want and place on your cart.  Then you check out.  I got a vintage porcelain doll, a huge piece of coral and a vintage biscuit tin for $16!  So even if it's a bit hot I will return to search again!
1	Don't bother with this one! They are in the process of moving everything here to the Mesa store, so there were no ipad carts and the place felt half empty. The lights are dim, and I should have believed the other yelpers when they said there was no air conditioning, because there were only a few large fans. I only lasted about 8 minutes before the heat and dim lighting made me feel dizzy. Apparently most of Phoenix felt the same way as there were exactly two other shoppers there. I felt like I was in a ghost town or a bad horror movie set. Just avoid this location. The Mesa store is great (and now has twice as many ipad carts) so just go there and you're not missing anything.
1	We paid for some items from their Mesa store last week and two days later when we went to pick them up, the store was closed, no one would answer doors, they don't return phone messages or emails to their website and five days after closing they have a vague sign saying the "store is closed for inventory" with no indication if or when it will reopen.  So you can take your chances with this outfit...
1	SCAM ARTISTS!!!  I consigned 28 items with these people back in March 2014. All items sold, I've never seen a dime and now I get a letter from some 3rd party that they are no longer financially responsible for any items sold prior to May 1 per my contract. They've completely violated the contract. If anyone else has had a problem, please post, is there a class action suit???? There ought to be. I'm out my money and ally stuff!!!!!
1	This is a depressingly dirty junk store.  Hot, squalid, filled with items that would have been better off in a dumpster.  Unhelpful staff, and nothing you should waste a single penny on, as whatever you buy here, you could rescue from the curbside trash with a little looking.
