1	I purchased a bedroom suite from this store about three years ago.  I have never moved the bed from where their delivery men originally set it up.  The exterminator came and scooted the bed out about six inches from the wall.  This caused the side slat to separate from the headboard and it would not go back in.  There were flimsy pins that had fallen in the headboard, making it impossible to reconnect the side slat to the headboard.When I called Oasis, I explained what happened and I mentioned to the salesman how disappointed I was that it broke so easily and was not very old.  He instantly got defensive and told me we had caused the problem and had moved it wrong.  I was told to call the service department the next day, which I did.  I called the next day and Jackie, the service manager, told me no one could come out for over two weeks.  I just had foot surgery and really needed my bed to be "habitable'.  I had nowhere else to sleep where I could prop up my foot.  I again explained that I felt the bed was not of sound quality and how I felt with a bed that was only three years old should not break so easily.  She curtly explained that it was out of warranty and I would have to pay a service call fee of $65 plus parts and labor.  I told her I really needed to get this fixed sooner and she began yelling at me and accused me of yelling at her (I was not) and she proceeded to tell me that she didn't have to schedule me at all if my attitude didn't change.  Unbelievable.  What ever happened to the idea that "the customer is always right"?  I was treated rudely by two different employees of Oasis who were accusatory and rude.  Jackie also told me that the bed broke because it was moved it wrong.  How she could know that when she wasn't here to see the process, is beyond me.  The quality of their product and their customer service is an F-.  I would never purchase from them again based on these two factors.  I cannot get over their horrific treatment of their customer (now an ex-customer).
1	This place is simply horrible!!!! You are not welcomed at all.. No1 helps you. No1 bring you around. People make you look around yourself. RUDE RUDE RUDE MAN WORKING!!! Horrible customer service!' I wouldnt buy a bed ever there.. I rather sleep on the streets !!!!!!!' DO NOT COME HERE!!!!!
5	Fantastic customer service! I called to get a pump for my water bed and they went the extra mile to reserve it for me. They were super helpful when I walked in and answered all of my questions. When I went to return the pump they gave me all kinds of helpful hints on how full my water bed should be, how to adjust it, and how to take the best care of it. I dealt mostly with the manager Frank, he was awesome! Oasis comes highly recommended!
