4	New vegan restaurant opened just south of Ste Cat, on Bishop--it's been open about a week and I've had 6 different people on Yelp and Facebook ask me about it... So here's the review.The first thing that struck me was the menu - its gorgeous, full colour with excellent photography, but...entirely in French. This wasn't a huge problem for me, but in Montreal this is a big no-no, especially downtown and next to Concordia.I decided on the sweet potato and black bean burger on kamut, with tofu bacon and daiya swiss. I got their fries instead of a salad and a Zevia ginger root beer.First impression, the fries were amazing. I'm usually a reach for the condiments guy, but these were so well seasoned they didn't need anything.The burger had good flavour, but a couple of technical problems - the bun, being kamut, was a lot more firm than the patty. Physics played its part, but the end result was a the patty spreading beyond the bun each bite.If they can find a way to firm it up I'd definitely try it again.The tofu bacon was a bit disappointing, and mislabeled. Its smoked tofu, which is fine, but a very different texture than I'd expect from something labeled bacon.I didn't notice the daiya til the very end of the meal, I wouldn't spend the extra .90 for it again.The whole meal came to just under $16, which is way more than I'd be willing to spend on a burger and fries on a regular basis, but they are new and experimenting with their menu (which I imagine includes their prices) I worry that the area they're in will buck at the idea of a $16 lunch.I don't recommend the Zevia sodas, they're flavoured with stevia and its call I could taste.After my meal I got to try one of their two deserts, and opted for the brownie. My brownie standards are quite high as there are some fantastic brownie destinations in Montreal. I'd rate theirs a solid 8. Possible ways it could improve? Serving it warm, or with some sort of custard or coulis. I'd ditch the quinoa sprinkled on top too - I could easily see it being a 9 or 10 then.I also tried their quinoa chili, the kale was a great addition, but it lacked enough sweetness for me. If you like spicy chilli, you won't be disappointed.I'll definitely be back to try them again.
4	The food is quite tasty. The vegan chicken sandwich tastes almost like real chicken. A bit pricey though... Almost $15 for a soup and sandwich.
5	Stayed in Montreal last night and did a Yelp search of vegan places in the area. Luckily I found Copper Branch. The food was fantastic everything was flavorful seasoned and some of the best vegan food I've had in a restaurant. Not only did I eat breakfast there but I also had them cook me lunch as take out that I'm currently eating right now. This place is legit. If you are vegan and you are in Montreal you absolutely must check out this restaurant.
4	The restaurant is pretty okay, considering it's vegan and almost all options on the menu come gluten free (for a celiac, this is amazing!)  I was sort of unimpressed with the portobello mushroom burger as keeping it in the bun was pretty much impossible -- it ended up all over my hands and I ended up having to eat it with a fork.  Maybe not the best design.  My boyfriend had a bowl and it looked pretty alright.  I also want to add that while I'm no garlic fascist, your bean dip gave me the worst breathe imaginable.  I don't know how you managed to put that much garlic in there, but coming from a garlic lover you need to tone it down a little.Either way, this place has some kinks it needs to work out, but it'll get there.  I'm proud to say we've got a vegan fast food joint in Montreal.
4	Copper Branch offers a fast food formula for vegans on the go, akin to other bigger chains like Subway, with a focus on healthy foods. The service is quick and the staff is polite. The location is strategic, right in the heart of downtown Montreal, and the interior design is fresh, minimalist and hipster with a touch of deliberate vintage.During our visit, I had a sweet potato black bean burger, and my husband ordered the copper burger. Both tasted good, but if I may offer a critique, I would say the burgers would have benefited from some type of sauce or spices to enhance the taste. Prices were okay, right on the border of "I'm not sure if I should be paying this much for a burger... and yet I just did."Overall, I would still recommend Copper Branch; it might be fast food, but it's vegan, it's healthy and the taste is decent. And for that, in my book it deserves four stars. Although I am not in a rush to go back, I would certainly consider it if I were downtown and needed some quick fuel.
3	Forever three stars:It's like I went to McDonalds but its shareholders converted to veganism and health foods. It's all reheated stuff from the freezer but it's good reheated stuff from the freezer.The beverages look fanciful and trendy. The tea was okay.If I was hungry for fast, healthy, light and semi-cheapish food for its category, this would be my top option.Just don't forget this is a healthy fast food joint and not a true restaurant and you will be fine.
4	Vegan, Gluten free, Organic and no MSG fast food joint. The staff who was at the counter to take orders was polite, friendly and helpful.  I had Mushroom galaxy burger $7.95 and house-baked Fries $ 3.45. Portion: Burger was satisfying enough that I regretted that I ordered the fries, since the fries were pretty big (not super size big, but quite big.)  Taste: I liked the burger, and the fries were a bit too salty (they were served already salted.)  I found it a bit disturbing that they use cardboard containers to serve their food. They have a recycling station where you return containers after you are done, bu I wonder if they can really recycle those food stained cardboard containers with the recycling program of the City of Montreal.  The burger was wrapped in a waxed paper like paper which was a problem because the burger cannot keep its shape while I was eating it, since the mushrooms slip out from between the top and bottom slices of the bun. It gets messy, so a plate and fork and knife may be a good idea.
1	They gave me a costumers wrong order(Which was my correct order). Normally I wouldn't care but they came from outside the location.  I have no idea what could've been done to it before hand!
