3	Decent, if erratic, service. Sometimes the rental shuttle arrives quickly and sometimes you end up waiting ten or fifteen minutes. The cars I've gotten have usually been clean, but every so often I get one with a few random bits under the seats or a windshield that isn't perfect. Perhaps my standards are too high.Dollar does have an "Express" program, which is free to join and gets you into the priority line at the counter. And if you reserve direct from their website, they sometimes offer "city specials" that are cheaper than their regular prices and the ones you get from Travelocity/Orbitz/etc. They also have a "lock and go" which gets you an Intermediate or better, but you can't change it out when you get there if you don't like what they give you. So if you don't want a minivan, don't use this option.Would I rent from them again? With cars, it's a commodity. So I'll rent from them again if they're cheaper than their neighbors.
1	I know all the rental car places nickel and dime you, but just thought I'd whine about my latest experience.  First they gave me the hard sell on extra ins coverage.  The lady asked me if I wanted the minimum or maximum coverage.  I said minimum assuming that meant I would use my own insurance, but in fact she had signed me up for their 'minimum' coverage which was still an extra $150.   I didn't catch it till the end when the total seemed oddly high.  She also pushed the scam of getting you to buy the full tank of gas up front.  I had told her the place I was going was less than 100 miles away.  She was super sweet as she lied to me about what a good deal it was.  When I said no, she said I had to buy gas at a place within 10 miles of the rental agency and bring the gas receipt.  Not sure if those are real policies or she was just ad libbing, but  no one asked for my gas receipt when I returned the car.  I used less than a quarter tank of gas.
1	Dollar rental car nearly ruined my family vacation! We traveled across the country to visit family. We set aside $300 for spending money. Nowhere did it say they would hold funds on our card! We got into town got the rental car, and went out to eat after a long plane ride. When we went to pay, our card was declined! This happened around midnight. We sat at the Waffle House trying to figure out why we had no money, and no way to pay our bill. We called the after hours number for the bank, and they could only tell us that there was a hold on our account. So we called Dollar rental car, where we found out they put a $250 hold on our card!!!!! That was all of our money!!! We had two small children and we were 3000 miles away from home. We said we would return the car, and rent from another company. They said we could do that, but the money would be held indefinitely. So if we returned the car, we still would have no money, and then no car on top of that!!! Please be aware that if you rent from Dollar rental, using a debit card, they will hold your money without your consent or knowledge. They will not tell you! You have to find out the hard way. If it weren't for family loaning us money, we would have been screwed! Buyer be ware! Do not rent from Dollar rent a car!!!What bothers me is that they didn't tell us. We were never made aware that this would happen, not when we booked it, not when we picked it up. We scoured everything we signed, and the reservation email, nowhere did it say funds would be held. They need to make you aware when they plan to hold your money hostage!!! The rental was $65. They held the money after we paid the rental in full.I read the contract and the e-mail, no where did it say this. Now after reading other reviews on yelp, I am expecting them to tack some bogus charge on later. I am so mad at this company!They didn't even inspect the car for damage before we took it. While loading up suitcases, I noticed scratches and told them about it. The yelp reviews say people have been charged for damage that was already there.Also, they said we had to fill up in Charlotte, and give them the receipt when we return it. We tried to give the gas receipt to the person when we dropped it off, but they refused to take it. Now I read on yelp that someone filled up in the city they said to, the person refused to take the receipt, and the company charge their card $30 for not providing the receipt!!! All I have to say is, that better not freaking happen! I will lose my mind!
1	Very unhappy with their services. They gave us a rental with paint on the passenger's seat. My dress got ruined and  I had to drive with a towel draped over the seat the whole 10 days we had the car. When I called the customer care number, they were very unhelpful and did not want to help in any way. Never renting from them again and will spread the word about their unprofessional services. Unhappy customer. They don't even deserve one star.
5	I was actually hesitant at first to rent from this place because of the really bad reviews and low ratings, but I'm actually glad that I did!  Being a pretty broke college student/career changer, I rented from them during Thanksgiving week to visit family in South Carolina and mostly because they were the cheapest company when booking cars on Expedia.  When I arrived at the airport lot, the driver of the shuttle, Jim (hopefully I got his name right!)  was really helpful giving me directions to a nearby mall and back to SC and even wrote down the directions for me!  The guys at the counter were really nice too- They were even having a pretty nice conversation with the customers before me who were travelling from NY.  The check-in process was pretty fast and easy for me as I had already purchased insurance from Expedia (where I booked the car)  and I think I got my car in less than 10 minutes after I arrived at the counter.   The cars available in the lot were mostly brand new (2011-2012 models). When I was driving to the mall and SC, I followed Jim's directions and they were right on!  I just want to thank you guys for making my stay in SC a bit easier and Jim for giving me directions to all of these destinations!  I highly recommend them and hopefully this review will make some of you people wondering if they should rent from them a bit at ease.
4	Considering the other negative reviews, I was admittedly a bit nervous about renting from Dollar. My experience, however, was positive. The price was reasonable, the vehicle was clean, and I had no problems with the process. I appreciated that those working at the desk did not try to up sale by repeatedly "recommending" upgrades and additional services as many other car rental companies have in the past. The line moved a bit slowly when we picked up the car, but it was fairly busy.
4	Overall our experience using Dollar Rent A Car in Charlotte was mixed. The service at the rental place, particularly the shuttle driver, Jim Body, was great. We got excellent rates using Orbitz. Our car was very clean and worked great and despite not having their insurance we did not run into any problems when returning the vehicle.The only thing that went wrong was that when we had to change our pickup date, they changed the daily rates on us to double the price. I had to drive back to the rental lot to switch out cars to get a lower rate, which was a major inconvenience and I still ended up paying more. So watch out for that if you need to change either your pickup date or drop off date. In working out that problem I had to call several different representatives for Dollar. The first was very rude and unhelpful. However, the other person I talked to, Joey, was very helpful and helped me find the solution to my problem.
4	I don't really give a damn which agency I rent a car from.  I generally base it on who has the best price for the vehicle that I plan to borrow.  For our most recent trip to Charlotte/Columbia, Dollar had the best rate.  However, just holding out for the best rate sometimes has its drawbacks and at the beginning of this trip, we thought that one of those drawbacks was going to kick us in the face.  After a loooonnnngggg trip from Honolulu-Chicago-Charlotte, we picked up our luggage and car seats and headed to meet the Dollar shuttle from the terminal. Uneventful so far, until we arrived at the depot ...... and there wasn't a car in sight.  This can't be good I thought.  I entered the ticket area that had 3 people ahead of me on line.  Not too bad, right?  Not until an announcement was made that there were NO (0, zilch, nada) cars available.  What???  Really???  I calmly (which is not like me at all) asked how long would the wait be.  Renita, the agent at the counter, calmly and politely responded, oh about 30-45 min.  Not too bad, I needed to stretch my legs anyway.  However, a fellow customer in line wasn't so nice about everything, mumbling (not so quietly) how horrible it was that she had to wait even though she had a reservation and that maybe she should go somewhere else.  Renita, calmly yet firmly (apparently, this customer had been a pain in the ass for quite some time) responded, "Miss, you're welcome to go somewhere else, but NO ONE has any cars. Because of the winter storm the previous week, everyone rented vehicles one-way."  Ok, point made, and the other customer's demeanor changed instantly.Less than 20 minutes later we were upgraded from a full size car to a full size SUV (score !!!) and Renita hung around after her shift ended to make sure that we were happy.  Sometimes good customer service comes in many shapes and sizes; this one was a strong woman making a solid point for the better good.  HERE, HERE !!  Some people can be your best friend or your worst enemy ......  Your choice.Oh, the SUV was awesome !!!!
2	Not a pleasant experience. As a frequent business traveler, I typically rent from the lowest cost agency.  There is a reason Dollar costs less. When I arrived, the line at the counter was several people deep. Customer service people were milling around slowly.  One of the computers was "starting up" for 45 minutes while I waited. Mind you, it was 7pm.  After I got my contract, they told me to wait outside and they would pull my car up.  After a few minutes they told me to go take the black car back there. This did not mean much to me either! I walk to the back of the lot to find a Mitsubishi Galant. It was all dented and scratched up. It smelled like smoke. I went back inside to inform them that I did not want to be held responsible.  At the gate to exit I did a walk around with the agent, she noted the issues, but A copy was not given to me.  After I left the lot, I realized the outlet was not working! Unacceptable - I needed to use navigation the whole next day. I turned around and drove back. I was not hassled about changing cars but they did not tell me that I needed a new contract, I learned of this at the exit gate, so again I was waiting. Overall, I do not think Dollar takes good care of their vehicles. I'll pay a few extra dollars and rent elsewhere on my next trip in.
1	This place is an ABSOLUTE JOKE. Do not rent from them under any circumstances. I got to the location and there were only 4 people ahead of me in line, and it took 55 minutes to get to the front of the line. When I politely asked the two ladies working there on the morning shift if there was any way they could bring someone else out, they laughed in my face and then continued to gossip while not helping the customers in line. Then, when I got to the front of the line, they said there were no cars available so I would have to wait for another 15 minutes. Needless to say, I got to my first meeting 30 minutes late when I should have arrived 20 minutes early. I can't believe this location is even in business.
1	This is by far the worst rental company ever. The customer service Roger Shader was ride and incompetent. They deceived me on items I purchased and would not reimburse me. The car I initially was given and paid an upgrade for was fill with smoke and ashes.
1	This is the worst car rental company! I would give it zero stars if I could.  I choose it because it had service in the terminal at Charlotte (I called to make sure) as I was traveling with  a wheelchair. There was a counter with their sign but no person. I had to leave my daughter in her wheelchair and go out to the rental lot.  The car was not very clean and had many dings and dents. I took pictures and tried it get them to make notions. They put stickers on the car for dents recorded previously! I rent cars regularly so I know what to expect, I gave Dollar a try but what a mistake. The price I reserved for ended up double when they charge my card.  Spend a few more dollars and rent from any other major car rental.
1	Watch out.  Rented my car on Wednesday.  Broke my right foot on Thursday and cannot drive.  Wanted to get my wife on as an authorized driver.  They can't do anything over the phone.  They gave me two options:  1) have my wife drive as an unauthorized driver to their rental location so that we can change it.  We assume all the risk, 2) HANS the local manager told me to drive with my left foot.Surely I'm not the first person that's encountered a situation like this, yet this company makes it very difficult to do business with.
1	When I reserve a car for 2pm, and they make me wait an hour after I arrive at 3, it doesn't work for me. What is the point of renting a car? I should have taken a bus. This is the third time Dollar has done this to me. Never again.
