3	This restaurant is in the Amherst street area, reminiscent of Hollywood in LA or the Castro in SF. It is a mixed neighborhood of small shops, restaurants, with several Asian and Gay establishments with a couple of seedier adult video stores on cross streets. The restaurant has been here for 20 years, first owned by a Japanese national, who sold it to a Vietnamese family. It has Japanese decor, with a small sushi bar with 2 chefs. All staff are Vietnamese. Mr. Ho is the head sushi chef, and he escaped from Vietnam on a boat in 1980. Turns out 95 percent of the Sushi establishments in Montreal are Vietnamese, Chinese, or Korean owned. This includes the nearby Yuki sushi (2 locations in the same area) which is Chinese owned and not as good. The sushi was pretty good. I had Nigiri Sushi, including Hamachi, Maguro, Saba, Sake and Uni, with a bowl of Miso Soup. All the Nigiri were moderately priced from $4 - $5, even the uni at only $5.75 CAD. The staff was friendly, especially after they found out I knew they were Vietanamese and we talked about Vietnam experiences. They speak French, English and Vietnamese. No Japanese, however!
5	Fantastic-quality food here.We ordered a few rolls from the menu, and asked the waitress for a recommendation for something extra. She recommended the day's special: lightly seared tuna slices, raw in the middle, served in a peanut sauce. Terrific is the only word that comes to mind!Everything was fresh and well presented, I'd definitely go again.
4	I really enjoyed this sushi restaurant in the outskirts of Montreal's gay village. The miso soup was delicious, the nigiri was fresh and the sushi rolls were unique, creative and tasty. I would especially recommend the Waikiki roll; that was hands down my favorite. The price of the restaurant was ideal, I don't think it's nearly as expensive as everyone said it was. As a heads up, the menu is in French so make sure you ask for assistance if need be so you don't order something you don't want. Overall, great sushi, calm atmosphere and a relatively cheap experience. I'd come back for sure.
1	I can't even begin to describe the awful experience we had at this place. I regret not taking any pictures of the gross sushi we had as proof. The owners are unpleasant and unwelcoming. The chefs working at the bar ignore you and talk smack about their clients in vietnamese. The service was as if they were doing us a favor. The mixed sashimi plate on the menu consisted of two pieces of egg omelet, 2 pieces of fake crab and just a few pieces of fish. we expressed our disappointment from the start and our waiter was argumentative and didn't give a crap. This should be reason enough to consider on what you will expect if you decide to eat here.
