4	Dave the manager is nice, and they seem like a good place to go for brakes. Make sure you visit their STORE WEBSITE, found on the midas homepage. there are good coupons on there for some $$$ off.
4	I have heard good things about this shop.  I had a bad experience at the east side Midas many years ago when the repairman tried to sell me something I did not need.  That was over 20 years ago so I decided to give them another try.   See how long it takes for a bad experience to wear off!  Was it really worth the hard sell to have to wait this long for me to come back?But they did a good job for me.   No hard sell, in fact just the opposite.  When they could have they were polite and helpful.  The man at the front desk was excellent.  He is an example of the sort of professional that I want to help me for maintenance work.They did take longer than they said it would.  It ended up taking twice as long as they first quoted me.  So I was disappointed in that.  Still the time was not terrible for what I had done.Keep up the good work.  I will be back.
4	I got my front brake pads + rotors replaced for $325. It was quick, painless, and reasonably priced. They have complimentary wifi if you are going to sit in the shop and do work (like I did).DO visit their website for coupons. I didn't and I feel like a dummy.
3	Service was good and so was the price  The pros of visiting a place like Midas over a quick lube place is that they can check things like tires and brakes and advise you on wear.  I may visit this place again but the cons of this location was that they promised me 45 minutes and it took an 1 1/4 hours AND their Wi-Fi doesn't work properly.  Had to go to Cargo Coffee to check emails.
1	Second visit was a disaster.  I had called on a Thursday for a Monday appointment.  My needs were simple.  I wanted a oil change an tire rotation.  The only reason I chose Midas was because they can rotate your tires in a cris-cross  pattern and the rapid oil changes places cant.  I specifically asked the manager, Jonathan, if I could get in and out quickly and he said it would be no problem.  Come Monday I bring my car in at the appointed time and they don't pull it into the garage for 15 minutes.  They start to work on it in another 15 minutes and over time inform me that I need a wiper blade and a new air filter.  I wait and wait and my car is just sitting there.  I ask the manager why so long and they inform me that they are waiting on the air filter and it may take another hour.  WTF  2 1/2 hours for an air filter?  I asked the manager if he remembers my call and specific request and he just gives me a dull stare.  I ask for an apology and he says ' stuff happens , ya know' Never again.......
5	I had an sudden breakdown and was able to take my car in immediately for them to look at. Jonathan was friendly, nice and honest! They did an amazing job fixing everything that was wrong and expedited a part overnight to speed up the process. The BEST part about it was they gave me one of their spare rental cars to use while mine was in the shop for free! I just had to pay for the gas that was used. I will continue to take my car there in the future!
