5	I totally agree with "Stephanie B".  I've raised two kids and have been in plenty of urgent cares over the past 30 years but this one was, by far, the best.  The staff was incredibly friendly - front desk, nurses and physician.  My husband got treated incredibly fast (as did all the others that needed care).  There were four other people who needed to be seen and by the time my husband was done (only a 30 minute total visit time) everyone else had already been treated.  I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND that if you're in the NE Phoenix/Scottsdale area and need an Urgent Care - definitely don't hesitate to go to this one.
5	Over Christmas most of my family ended up visting Scottdale Healthcare Urgent Care Plus.  It costs me $5 more than seeing a doctor in an office but well worth it.  As others on here have stated, the registration process was very quick and simple.  Staff was awesome.  The front desk girl is wonderful and my father loved the fact she recently moved from Florida as he was in visting from Florida.  I would highly recommended this urgent care facility.  We were in and out within 30 minutes as well.  Very professional and friendly staff.  I don't think you can go wrong visiting this facility if you are looking for an urgent care.
2	Went in January 2013 for a diagnoses of sinusitis, spent 3 minutes with doctor, walked out with $315 dollar bill. (including 45 dollars in extra doctors fees) I disputed the 35 dollars in extra doctors fees and they wrote it off. Got the final bill. I paid the bill in full. Faxed copy of paid check two times to clear up billing issue. Got notice neg credit report!!
1	My wife went to this location at 7:40pm (open until 8) and the open sign was already turned off and the door was locked. Don't advertise you are open until 8pm and close early! Almost all urgent care locations close at 8pm and she did not have enough time to make it to another location. She ended up having a staph infection and needed antibiotics that she could not get until the following day.
