3	I really felt out of place here, because I am not much of a fisherman or a hunter.  Every other person in this place was wearing a shirt with a picture of a fish on the back, not really my cup of tea, but there is a lot of things here that have to do with the outdoors.  There are more fishing poles here than I have ever seen in my life.  I felt a little uncomfortable with all of the decapitated deer heads hanging from the tall wood walls.  If you are a southern boy they have everything you need: beef jerky, candy, knives, hunting glasses, and stuffed fish animals.  Wow.
3	Some time ago - probably best measured in decades - I did some work for Cabela's, and most other outfitter-type shops are likely to always be compared to them as a result.  Their stores are just insane, with miniature mountains, massive aquariums, a huge number of stuffed trophies (both full-size and heads), the whole shebang.That said, this is really not my area of expertise, and had I never worked for Cabela's, Bass Pro Shop would be awfully impressive.  This place is huge.  Even if you do not like this sort of thing, you could spend all day inside, checking to see if they might have something of interest (and there is a good chance you will find it).While the store itself is interesting, the one thing I am not overly impressed with is the staff.  It is not that they are unfriendly, it is just that they seem to smell non-outdoorsy types coming.  Or maybe they just smell me coming.  If they would take that extra step and help people who seem to have no clue what they are doing, they could probably triple their sales.  Of course, that may require a lot more staff as well.
4	The big attraction here is the fish tank.  I can get lost in here just "window shopping" as I love the outdoors.  They even have a restaurant. I could do without the people selling credit cards and things from the aisles as you walk through.
4	Excellent place to just visit with the wife and daughter.  The aquarium seems to be the main attraction, here, but the shooting gallery takes a close second.  While I'm at it, If I want camping gear, it's here. If I want hunting gear, it's here.  If I want warm outdoor clothing, it's here... boating/fishing gear, it's here... knick knacks and paddywhacks, spices, gifts, games, even cooking utensils, jewelry and brains (meaning knowledgeable staff).Anytime I'm in the area with my family, i just have to stop here to get a fix...
5	Bass Pro Shop is, quite frankly, an endless store packed to the brim with all things outdoors. I can never see it all in one trip and similarly can't fit it all into one detailed review on Yelp.BPS has hand guns, long guns, ammunition, bows, arrows, camo gear, North Face and other hiking/camping gear, clothes, shoes, kayaks, canoes, ATVs, motor boats, waverunners, candies/food, toys, fishing poles, lures, tree stands, storage, safes, and on and on and on. Out of all of that I like most of it. Fishing is a bit too slow for me though I enjoy it a few times out of the year. ATVs and boats are too pricey for me but I love kayaking. Camping and hiking are two pastimes I can't get enough of most of the time and BPS has everything you could possibly need for it. You can practically camp in relative luxury with what they've got to offer here.I'm also a huge fan of traditional long or recurve bow archery. They have lots of gear hear for anybody from the most avid compound bow hunters to the pacifist traditionalists. They have all kinds of bows, arrows and a plethora of neat accessories which will make you think "wow, I didn't need that until just now!" Probably the thing they have the most of would have to be clothes. It's impressive and surprising to say the least but they've got enough clothes for you to stuff your wardrobe and literally say "I've gone country!"
4	Like every other Bass Pro Shop lol
4	Next month, I'll be crossing off the 49th state to enter the Union. Alaska, doncha know? And because my friends are planning on taking me to see the Northern Lights, it's gonna be seriously cold. Like 20 below if I'm lucky. So I need gear. Where else to go but Bass Pro for their huge selection and reasonable prices?I managed to find some inexpensive boots and socks that will keep my feet warm, a good hat to keep my head and face toasty, and a few other odds and ends that should be good for the Arctic weather I am expecting.Bass Pro also has tons of other goodies, like hunting and fishing equipment, camping gear, exercise wear and of course, everyone's looking for their Duck Dynasty goodies. Here's the place for all of it and more. Need an ATV or an outboard motor? How's about a kayak or a tent? Yep, Bass Pro has it.
4	Bass Pro Shop is a great place to play hide-and-seek!  I'm pretty sure they sell just about any type of outdoorsman gear you could want too.I would call it the Walmart of outdoors stores if Walmart sold quality merchandise.
