1	This place CLAIMS to be a "punk rock" bar  ... it's not what I'd consider a Punk bar ... way to many rednecks ... This is NOT a cool place ... and the booking is God awful. Skip this place and head to the TT Roadhouse ... Hell even the Rogue is better than this place.
2	This place COULD be cool, but the owners are meth heads and nobody cool goes there. In fact, I don't think I've ever seen anyone in there. It's usually empty when I drive by or stop in. I don't like going there though even though it's really close to my house and it's "punk themed". Not really punk except for the fact that it's all beat up and shitty.
1	I've only been to Jugheads for Sadisco, the goth/industrial night, and I wasn't impressed. Jugheads isn't as much a bar as a series of fences, ramshackle walls and bits of trash. I don't know what the drink prices are like, because I've never felt comfortable enough to have a drink there.The parking lot is a mess, and I'm surprised there isn't a crash every night. There isn't much room to move, and it's poorly lit. If you do go, try parking in a lot west of the bar, near the Delhi Palace. There's lots of parking there.During the last Sadisco Fight Club, an amateur brawler was knocked unconscious and couldn't be revived. That resulted in a visit from the cops and paramedics. The bar was shut down, and my $15 cover went to waste. I likely won't be back.
3	I went to Jugheads two weekends ago and it really was a blast. Yes the parking is a pain in the ass and yes the place looks pretty worn. But I think that's part of the fun. The drinks were reasonably priced and the staff was very friendly and attentive. I plan on going back!
4	Graphiti, Chain Link fences, Broken bottles, these are all things that would bring the stars DOWN on a review.  Well, you would think.  At Jugheads, its all part of the atmosphere.  I dig a dive bar that is down and dirty, but still devoted to the customer.  I've been here probably about 5 or 6 times to see live shows and never once have I experienced less than absolute satisfaction.  The bar is in the middle so there are PLENTY of seats, however if its a show night, they WILL fill up, so stake your claim on the nasty ass couch just inside the door ASAP!I was drinking Red Bull and Vodka's the last time I went there.  It was for a Aizen/Asylum show and they gave it to me in a red Dixie cup.  I was speechless!  It was almost like I was right at home.This place books awesome bands and they know how to throw a night of fun.  If you only have one night every other week to get out and have fun, spend it here at Jugheads.  They will not dissapoint.
3	Eh, i liked it with the other management before they fired everone and hired uber trendy "cooler than you" people.  They still get decent shows and have some great beer deals but man.  its so clean now.  And the girl jeans wearing crowd has moved in on certain nights.  Dont get me wrong, Ill still patronize when they have decent shows, but it's not the kind of place you go after work to unwind with a beer and good conversation.One thing Ill give them props for, the be your own f-in DJ night. Great idea where people show up with random records and get to spin them.
3	I am still partially deaf from going to a show there Saturday night, so that's got to be a good sign, right? :o) A local metal band that I've seen before was playing, Hypatia, AMAZING METAL band. They definitely stand out from the other handful I've seen, they actually have some talent, enough to make me want to buy their CD. Anyway, this place is set up like a shoe box, with one small door. With all the lights, speakers, instruments, rocking band members, and spectators, this place gets sweaty and hot, a major downside. The decor is......well that of a skeezy metal bar, which didn't bother me much, I didn't go there for the looks, I came for the bands. Bartenders were nice and fast, which is a plus. Womens' bathroom was clean, this is worth mentioning because most are SICK. I just hated that there were no tables in front of the stage, you just had to stand and crowd around which sucked because there is enough room for 10 people to stand right in front, then the rest have to "bob and weave" to see anything. The stage was too small, the bass player was standing in front of the stage since there wasn't anymore room. I'm used to a better set up, like that at Joe's Grotto, where there are tons of tables on each side of the stage and an aisle in the middle if you want to stand. Overall, if you just want to hear some live music, minus comfortable seating, adequate stage, and be hot and sweaty, then check it out. I'd only go back if a band I REALLY REALLY wanted to see was playing. Oh and FYI this is a CASH ONLY venue/bar.
