2	A great place for your teens to gather....drink alcohol....and smoke dope.
4	I'm a fan of the old-school, get your butt off the couch activities.  Skating is a great one.  I've been going on Monday nights to skate for fitness and practice and it's half price admission - great deal at $2.  Sometimes the weekends are crowded, but that's part of the fun.  Facilities are nicely retro with a pleasant worn in quality.As to the previous reviewers acidic remarks, there's no-where inside that teens could be smoking weed without being found out.  The rest is up to parental supervision - so I'll assume his failings in that department, and not the failure of Kate's to provide a decent atmosphere for some fun.
3	since i am working at a summer camp, i am attending a lot of field trips this time of year. we go to this place every other week for the entire summer so i have become pretty familiar with kate's. we go in the late morning until the early afternoon and they have skating and free hot dogs and pizza for $6/person. it's actually a pretty good deal. the rink itself is pretty standard with a small corner for kids to practice (has a wall to cling to).  other rinks i have been to have a wall that lines the entire skating area but this one is only walled in one portion so its not the best for novice skaters.its all teenagers who work here and service is sub-par. i guess i can't blame them since there don't seem to ever be ANY adults working (who is supervising/ managing?). the pizza is sometimes pretty decent and sometimes horrible (dry/ burnt to a crisp) but, let's face it, you aren't coming to a skating rink for its fine cuisine. music is upbeat modern pop- perfect for a skating rink. arcade is horrible with very outdated games. fine place to bring the kids but i would wonder about any adults who choose this place to hang out.
4	I have recently rediscovered Roller Skating!  I wanted a way to exercise that wasn't as boring as the Gym so I got the Roller Skates from the attic and went skating at Kate's!  My skates were in pretty bad shape so I took them to the Pro-Shop at Kates.  For a reasonable price they replaced the bearings, wheels and cushions.  I'm pretty pleased with the skate repair and the fact they didn't try to sell me equipment I didn't need.I enjoy going through the week where someone who hasn't roller skated in 10 years can regain some skill without dodging the teen crowd.  The floor of the rink really needs to be refinished - it's warped and pretty rough around the edges.  I love the fact that you can sit on the benches around the edge of the rink.The bathrooms are pretty good for a skating rink and the hot dogs are wonderful.   The staff is friendly even though the tables are usually sticky.  No complaints.  I've been going every Tuesday and started bringing some friends.As an adult without kids - I feel right at home and everyone has been friendly.  I'm enjoying the exercise.
2	The smell hits you when you walk in the door.  It is a mixture of teen spirit, grimey carpet, stale pizza, mildew and god knows what else.  But the fun doesnt stop there!  Eight bucks on a Friday gets a six-yr-old all she can skate - but no beer for the parents?!?!  OK - maybe this is signaling a problem I may have instead of a problem the rink has but I am sure I am not the only one that would like to have known prior!There is nothing wrong with the actual rink per se of course, it is utterly skatable and has a wall on one side for those that need a little help balancing.  You get used to the smell after a while and you can sneak beer or wine in in an unassuming McDonalds cup BUT my major problem with this place is the 'arcade' believe it or not!  At least half of the games were Out of Order and only half of those had signs on them indicating they were broken - so you didnt find out until you had put your money in and started swearing at the machine.  In addition to that the token machine is broken - putting in a dollar should get you four tokens but the first time it got us two, the next got us four, a five dollar bill got us ten tokens.  Ummmm no.  This is straight robbery so the boyfriend went right to the cashier and asked politely for all of our money back which was returned without issue.  Most parents figured out the right thing to do at this place since there is no beer and no games to play is to just drop their kids off and come and get them later.  Well you cant do this with a six yr old.  So we were just drinking out of our cup and people watching - the time does go surprisingly fast because there is a never ending parade of great people-watching.  There were two good parts about the rink 1) the DJ was good and funny playing the latest hits as well as running funny games 2) our happy little six yr old's face....sigh...so even tho this place literally stinks, we will probably be back.....
3	Not sure how to judge a skating rink but here goes.  There are few things I like about this place.  I like the fact that all kids love to skate and it's only $8 to get in.  This keeps my youngest busy and it wears her out and expenses all that kid energy.  Secondly the people watching is probably some of the best in the area.  You'll find people there that take their skating skills a bit too seriously.  You'll know who and what I'm talking about if you ever visit.  The bad things are that they don't serve beer and the gameroom is utterly useless.  Not only are the machines out of order, if you try and get tokens prepare to pay $1 for 1-2tokens.  WHA???  Yep, it's broke....don't trust it!That being said this place would be a pretty good choice for a kids birthday party and I think they have packages that you can select where they will set it up for you.
1	There are so many this wrong with this place. As we walk in the door, it took about 10 minutes before we were greeted. We paid $7 for each of us to get in plus $1 for each of the kids to get roller skates and  $3 for me to get roller blades. (1 adult and 2 kids). We go to get our skates and we are mobbed a group of camp kids trying to turn in their skates ad get their shoes back. The skate sizes run a shoe size too big. It took me exchanging out 3 different pairs of roller blades to finally get a pair that didn't have broken laces or missing laces. Then the last pair I got was hot and sweaty from someone before, SO DISGUSTING! I then realized after putting on one skate that the other of the 4 pair had broken laces AGAIN! So I finally asked for a new shoe lace and I'd change it out myself. Then the lock on the ratcheting ankle straps on my roller blades were broken so the kept loosening up.We finally get on the rink and there were kids everywhere racing round in all directions, about to run into you, cutting through the middle and going right in front of you or someone else. There was one camp group after another that kept flooding in. Everyone is suppose to skate counterclockwise and not go through the middle but no one seems to unforced the rules. And as I skated I realized that there was a ridge on the right side of the insole that was rubbing on the bottom of my foot. I thought about trading them I but since I had to trade them out  3 times to get that pair I just dealt with it.Eventually we were thirsty so we asked for some water which each water costs $.50 each. I only had a credit card on me but there is a $5 minimum for credit card purchases so no water for us. So we decided to eat instead, the kids it a free hotdog and drink card with admission. Which when you think about it, everyone is charged the same about to get in so everyone should get a free hotdog and small drink, but that's not the case. So I asked to purchase a hotdog ($1.50) but then realized instill had to make a $5 minimum purchase so I said never mind I guess I'll just have to eat later. And the moron behind the counter just stared at me. Then we started to sit down so the kids could eat I turned around to get some napkins the girl is talking crap about me to another employee. This place feels and smells like everything is coved in a thick layer of scum, the carpet is disgusting and probably hasn't been changed since the 1980s. So moral of the story is don't waste your time and money!
3	For skating the place is good.  You can rent regular skates or inline.  I have rented the regular skates & some of them are rather beaten up.  Don't try the arcade.  Nothing works.   It's really pretty bad that Kate's hasn't done something about the arcade.  They are allowing their customers to get ripped off constantly!  There's no excuse for this.
1	The place is a dump and the staff is rude and inconsiderate. Avoid this place like the plague...because they have it there.
2	I have had to endure this place twice now, once by choice and once by obligation.  The good:  skate floor seems in good repair and the rental skates are plentiful and in ok shape.  The bad: stinks, unfriendly staff, dirty tables and not much side wall to help out beginners.  In general, it's much like I remember of rinks from the 80's.  Nothing new here.
5	Thank you so very much for a great place for the kids to go! The kids always safe fun place thank you!
