4	This pizza is fantastic. Thin, crispy and the best I've had since I moved from Chicago to Henderson. But, they really need to clean up their act. If they would just clean up the place and make it look a bit better they could make a fortune.
3	I use to like this place because they had lunch AYCE specials for about $5, I haven't been here for about a year. But for some reason today it was around $10. I was already there so I just paid and expected greatness.  It was slow, for the lunch time, and not much selection to pick from, and it look like its been out for a while, all dry and hard.  I ate and took my time just to see if the new stuff would ever make it out.  They  did, half a pizza, but it was all watered down, light on the toppings real light on them. Weird restaurant layout, they have a huge eating area at least a 100 people but their food area was big enough to fit a soda machine, 2 pizza, and a small salad bar.  How would it be when this place is packed?  Then again I've seen places like this have fast service before so its possible. It may seem that Cici's pizza could have stole some of their business I  think they're about $3, never tried them yet. For $10 I could have gone some place better or at least gotten 2 little Caesar pizzas. Based on pass experience I won't rate them lower.
1	Poor quality, too expensive, dirty.I give up on this place for their all-you-can-eat salad and pizza buffet which costs way too much (about $10). Consistently poor quality pizza, stained carpet, unmotivated staff. I've eaten here for lunch for almost three years now, and every time I go back I keep asking myself "Why do I bother coming back to this place?" Today, tables were unclean, and the salad bar had cottage cheese that tasted spoiled and the pizza was really poor quality. I know how hard it is to run a pizza establishment, and I feel for anyone who tries, really I do, but if you have time to lean, you have time to clean. Somebody needs to learn how to pick up a rag instead of texting on their cell phone.Hint: take down the tip jar. We all know you expect a tip for nothing. It shows.
2	Rex is not a man of compromise. It isn't to say that Rex hasn't tried. Rex has. Don't believe Rex? Calling Rex a liar? Rex only lies before sex. Still not satisfied? Demanding proof? Smart. Very smart. Rex does the same thing, and since DNA is only 99.99999% accurate Rex still has no official heirs to his empire.  314 wins and no defeats. Rex is good.  Enough bragging...proof you want...proof you shall have.  Compromise number 1.  In Singapore Rex wanted to cut off Michael Fay's hands and sew them to his knees. The government wanted to let him go. We compromised. Rex caned that little punk...and kicked him while he was on the ground crying.  Compromise number 2.  Rex wanted Mr. Rodgers to completely strip down and put on an entirely new outfit. The prudes at PBS said that he shouldn't disrobe at all for a kids show. We compromised. Rex recommended shoes and sweater...a star was born.  Last compromise.  When working as a legislator in a southern state many of my constituents wanted to pass a law that allowed them to marry their daughters...no matter how young or old. Rex wanted to castrate all of them and throw their penises in a raging fire so they can never be used again. We compromised. Now in virtually every southern state you can marry your cousin at a very young age.  Rex can and WILL compromise.  Once again Rex compromised.  A person who dares to call himself a friend (Rex calls him an agent of the government sent to watch over him) suggested that we go to Round Table Pizza.  Rex suggested that he lay down in traffic and wait for the pain to end. We compromised. Rex was able to huff gas right out of his tank, he paid, and Rex ate.When you first enter Round Table Pizza the smell is surprisingly good.  Almost like good pizza.  Rex and his governmental guardian got the all you can eat and drink (soda not beer or ammonia, you can't even drink your own ammonia) and settled down for our feast. They give you two plates. One for the salad bar the second for the pizza. The booths are uncomfortable and tight.   Every gentleman knows that the first course is the salad course. Rex walked over to the salad bar and it was just all right. Nothing wrong with it. Nothing wonderful. Nothing memorable.  They had very good shredded cheese and excellent real bacon. Four or five dressings. Some other toppings. Not bad. Rex sits down, clears his throat for eight or nine minutes, blows two snot rockets and is ready to eat.  As expected the salad was okay.  It wasn't offensive and for the price Rex didn't pay, it was better than some salad bars for more money...and they don't have pizza.  The ranch dressing was above average. Not a bad start.Rex reluctantly walked up to the pizza window.  There were two freshly baked pizzas and one that looked like it was made the year Betty White lost her virginity.  Rex took a few slices and sat down fully prepared to raise hell.  Sadly, Rex was not totally correct in his assumption.  The pizza while not great pizza, and if you made it in New York City someone would have you killed, wasn't horrible.  The first slice was a white chicken pizza with jalapenos.  Shockingly good. Rex was stunned. The second slice was a standard pepperoni and sausage with red sauce.  This is where the wheels start to fall off.  The red sauce is not good. It tastes like canned sauce you get on sale for 50 cents at some discount food store.  It had no real taste except for dried herbs and a little acidity.  The sausage was dreadful. No taste except for pepper and the pepperoni was bland.  Rex was unhappy, so he spit that crap onto the floor and went up for a couple more slices.  The white pizza with chicken, bacon and tomatoes was very good and the mushroom pizza with red sauce was dreadful. Over cooked mushrooms, no flavor.  The one thing that should be said is that Rex has a huge Johnson.  The other thing that should be said is that the crust is surprisingly good. It is very buttery/oily but in a good way. It gets crispy and has a decent taste.Round Table Pizza is exactly what it should be. It is a low cost option for people who don't know or can afford a good pizza. It is quick, easy, and cheap. The food isn't great, but it really isn't offensive either. If you haven't lived in the Northeast of the United States you have no clue what good pizza is anyway, so why spend more money on what is sure to be crap?  Get a salad, a drink and some pizza that is slightly better than frozen pizza for under 10 bucks. Fill your faces...nothing will make you forget Rex. Nothing will ever make that DNA test  will never be 100% accurate.  Hear the kid screaming? Hear Rex running? Of course you don't...Rex is long gone.
1	Omg, this place smells like smoke, the bathrooms are horrible and we are the only ones here. Big 0 out of 10.
1	How did we end up eating at a 3.5 star pizza place? We have an Entertainment book, opened it to a random page and a Round Table Pizza coupon was there. Being not too far from the house, we made the trip.We had to wait for almost 10 minutes for the guy working the register, and two of the kitchen staff to finish flirting with the girls in front of us that came in to pick up an order that was called in. The staff could not deduce which order was theirs, out of what looked like a very limited number of options. An offhand comment was made that they should sell the girls "a big bag of 'oregano'" - this will become more relevant in a moment.FINALLY, they finished the debacle that was handing off three pizzas and collecting funds for said food.We ordered, had to repeat ourselves multiple times as to what we wanted, the guy behind the counter had the toughest time listening/comprehending/pressing buttons.When our food finally came out, we were wondering about the logic behind their pizza. The wife ordered a specialty pizza that had all sorts of vegetables and some meats in melted cheese. For whatever reason, some of the vegetables were just thrown on *after* the pizza was cooked.My BBQ chicken pizza was ok, messy as all could be, but tasted alright. When it came time to rinse my hands of BBQ sauce, I made my way back to the restrooms. Remember when I said the staff's comment earlier would be relevant? There was this very distinct, strong and pungent smoky smell coming from the kitchen area. Wonder what that could be. Not really, I know what it was, I've been to high school and college.Once that hit our nostrils, it became clear why the staff could not concentrate or use basic logic to figure out which order to give the customers.Here we are three days later and my wife is still trying to get to where she feels better. Amazing how eating at a place can have an immediate and long lasting effect on a person. Needless to say, we won't be going back to Round Table Pizza, this one or any others. For that much money per pizza, there are many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, better options.
2	I am a long-time customer and fan of RT.  I've been going there since preschool (Washing and Oregon stores, not this one).  It's been years since I've had it and I got a craving for it.  So last weekend, we decided to head down there.The only reason I'm giving the RT two stars is because regardless of everything else, the pizza is very good.  I think as long as they stick to the RT recipe, the pizza will always be fine.  With that said, I am thoroughly disappointed in our visit.When I ordered it took forever for the guy to understand my order.  It was a pan crust, half King Arthur Supreme, half Hawaiian... Not that difficult.  My wife was a little surprised at the price, but I told her it's fine.  RT is good and worth it.While waiting for the pizza, we had the salad bar.  What a sorry excuse for a salad bar.  It's 2.5 feet of nothing.  Wilted spinach, a small variety of veggies, and three dressings.  I remember when the salad bar was ten feet long and included bread sticks... That is no longer the case.They came out with a pizza in 15 minutes.  I thought that was pretty fast.  Well, it was screwed up.  It was a thin crust all meat pizza.  No where near what was ordered.  When I told the server that wasn't what we ordered, he said "are you sure?"  Really?  I think I know what I ordered, and there was no one else in the restaurant at the time, so there's no way he was mistaking us for another customer.  I told him what my order was and he took the pizza and left... with no apology.50 minutes into our visit we still had no pizza.  I am a very patient person, but this was ridiculous.  I went to the counter to get my money back and saw the pizza coming out.  The cook asked what I wanted and I told him to give me the food I ordered nearly an hour ago... in a box please.We got the pizza and enjoyed it, but the rest of our experience ruined our visit.  There are good locations and marginal locations, but I can't remember a bad visit before this one.  It's highly unlikely I'll ever be back.
3	I have been a loyal fan of RT since I worked at one in my early college days. No other pizza joint truly satisfies the way RT does.The crust, the sauce, the toppings all make for a great pizza, but I don't think that corn meal is used on the bottom of the pizzas anymore and that is a shame. No, customer service is not the best, the carpets/seats are usually stained, and the tables are not cleaned as often as they should be. I go for the pizza, but the prices are outrageous in my book. We ordered one medium single topping and one small four topping and one drink and the bill was $30. With that kind of prices, a family would have to budget in a trip to RT instead of just dropping by on a whim. I have only been to RT once since moving to LV last year. Looks like it may be another year before I get back there.
4	This place was closed for a bit. Reading some of the other reviews I figured they took that time to fix those complaints because when I came here the carpet was no longer stained and the place did not smell like smoke.With that said, I went with their 6.99 lunch buffet which used to be 9.99 before. I gotta say, the buffet choices were pretty solid. You get a full salad bar, garlic cheese and cinnamon bread twists, and most importantly, a variety of pizzas. The garlic cheese and cinnamon twists were really good! Both had lots of flavor and was not dry at all. The pizza was what it has always been. Lots of toppings. That's what RT is known for, generous portions of toppings. As for the salad. Come on man, nobody goes to a buffet to eat salad! But if I did, the choices were actually pretty good. Better than Cici's or Chuck E Cheese.The only thing that kind of bothered me was that the same guy that held up their 6.99 lunch buffet sign was also their busboy. That part didn't bother me. What bothered me was that he did not have a Round Table uniform of any kind. He just had a plain button up shirt, shorts and sneakers. To me it looked kind of weird that he was walking around cleaning up tables when he looked like a regular customer. To me I thought that was kind of unprofessional. If you work for any company and are in plain sight of customers, you should have some kind of uniform that indicates you are an employee.Some random info. Their 6.99 lunch buffet is available Monday through Saturday from 11 to 2. Drinks not included. They have other lunch specials that range from 6 to 9 bucks which includes sandwiches and salad.Overall, the taste and quality that I have known from my trips to other Round Tables was still there. Solid 4 stars.
1	I wouldn't even give it a star if I didn't have to.service was horrible ,pizza was doughy never  again a round table fan
3	Haven't had round table in a long time. We heard they were back open and decided to give it a try. We ordered two pizza specials. Each pizza was 11.99 for a large one topping. One pepperoni and one black olive. The pizza was just as I remembered. Each pizza had plenty of cheese , sauce and toppings. Not bad for a chain. I called in our order and they told me it would be ready in 20 minutes. We got there right about at the 20 minute mark but still had a considerable wait for it to be ready. They did give us two fountain drinks for free to apologize for the wait. We did appreciate that. We will order from them again.
4	So glad this place is back OPEN! They have the best pizza ever! Lol. The KING ARTHUR with skinny crust is the best pizza in the world!My boyfriend ordered from Pizza Hutt & Dominos before and their pizza doesn't come close to yours.I order delivery but gotta check out your salad buffet special $6.99 that's a great price :-)Keep up the good work
4	I tried calling Rosati's at 9:20PM on a Sunday, and I was told that they were closing in 10 minutes, and that the ovens were off.  I informed them that according to Yelp and their own site, it states 10PM, not 9:30PM.  The girl on the phone apologized.No problem.  I call this Round Table, and they are more than happy to take my order.  I ordered the All Meat Marvel, and it was great!!!  Thanks for bailing me out.  Now, you will be my FIRST call!
5	Will always be my favorite pizza place. I grew up in the Bay Area (Vallejo, CA) and round table is my childhood! Thank goodness vegas has one. I always order the King Arthur supreme, no sausage, add pineapples. Sometimes I get the chicken garlic too. My boyfriend loves their plain pepperoni. Great service. Will always come back.
4	i've been a consistent customer of round table pizza since 1988, and it is to me, one of the best chain pizza restaurants out there. you seriously can't go wrong with the king arthur supreme, garlic and artichoke, and italian garlic supreme.
1	They ran out of cheese! Gave me a 2 hour delivery window after already waiting 45 minutes for my pizza.  Then five day refund window for cancelling my online order. What a joke.THEY RAN OUT OF CHEESE AT A PIZZA PLACE! Should say enough about how this place is run....Update... 2 weeks later no refund was processed. Called and was instructed by the staff to call my bank.  Charge back it is I suppose.
