1	I was so excited to go here because it's so close to my place and seemed cool but I was totally disappointed... 1) I love music and loud club music at that, but this was just unbearable and the sound quality was terrible2) It took 25 minutes for them to make an f-ing drink, I don't need the dried elderberry root thanks, just make me a vodka soda in under an hour, that would be great3) they left door wide open and everyone was freezing with their coats on and its insanely dark, not cool club dark, like bump into everyone , trip on shit darkSorry Datcha not loving you
3	I had a good time here last night. Came for about an hour around midnight. Ordered some drinks, drank them, had a chat. It was a nice time. Not exactly my type of venue, there's a laser and smoke machine and house music, but we sat on the side and had some drinks and had a good time. Drinks were excellent and didn't take a long time as others have said.
5	Located in mile end this is a cool venue in a cool spot of town. Great club, great music, great service and wonderful selection of Vodka drinks. They make one of my favourites, vodka and apple juice. They have a cool name for it but I can't remember what it is.Anyway a great night out
3	Datcha is a peculiar place. It consists of two separate rooms. The first room is dark with an opened space for dance floor and this is where the kids play. The music is loud and as my Russian friend said, they could have picked some better tunes for a Russian theme bar. Besides that there is a smoke that is supposed to make the dance floor more intriguing, but sometimes it is so much that it will actually prevent you of seeing around. The beauty of Datcha is its Kabinet, the cabinet is the second room where the mad Russian scientists invent crazy cocktails, it is small, brightly decorated and cute. They have short menu of classical Russian snacks, well balanced cocktails, some beers on tap and shots of vodka of course, the Russian Mule and Russian Spring are worth trying. Basically the cabinet wins four stars for Datcha, it is classy, even the blond female bar tender was classy with her hairdo and red lipstick. The problem is the smoke, the very same smoke from the kids room kept entering the cabinet and making it less pleasant. If the smoke is gone next time I am in the cabinet I will upgrade the stars.Special kudos to the body gards. They were nice, persuaded us to get in, even one of them showed us the very same cabinet.
2	Super loud and super dark, don't remember a whole lot else but I woke up with my shoes and coat on. Two stars?
