3	This diner is right next to the Banner Health hospital in Sun City and is kind of hidden by some medical plazas. It's a pretty nice size place, I would compare it to the size of a Denny's or Village Inn - with similar menu choices. They also have a little salad bar, but I didn't get to try it.Ji-Michaels has a very home-y feel to it, older decor and furniture but very clean. I saw our server chatting with some of the patrons so I'm sure this place has it's regulars and that was really nice to see. It also had a pretty steady flow of customers for the middle of the day.Now for the food - went here for a quick lunch and ordered the philly steak sandwich which ended up being really good! It came out hot with fresh mushrooms, peppers, and a side of crispy fries. Very delicious!Our server and the host were extremely nice and made sure everything was okay. I also noticed a little sign on a piano as I was leaving that said there was live entertainment after 5pm...can't remember which days, not that I would come back just to see it but I thought it was cute.I don't come to Sun City that often, but if you have to be at the hospital and don't feel like eating the food there, why not give this place a try?
4	It's almost a diner, but just a little too nice and too large to qualify.  But it's good old American comfort food.  I mean meat loaf, breaded pork tenderloin, hot turkey sandwich, liver and onions...you get the picture. (Oh, yeah - there's a full page of Grecian Entrees, as well!)  Breakfast served all day and they've got a good, basic salad bar.  Homemade soups and specials.Don't drive across town, but if you're near Boswell Hospital, this is a great choice.  Very clean and very pleasant service. You know, I posted then re-thought the whole thing.  I really can't think of one thing to down-star this place, so I'm raising the stars to 4
4	Very accommodating to elderly patrons. Always clean and friendly. Food is good, if unremarkable, and reasonably priced. Dined there a number of times and have always come away pleased.
3	Stopped by for breakfast with my oldest boy in tow.  We were in need of a good healthy breakfast which eliminates a lot of places in town.  Found they had egg substitute and everything was pretty tasty.  Definitely a good stop for a quick breakfast at reasonable prices.Seemed pretty busy but they still found us a table right away and food was quick from the kitchen.  Service was attentive and efficient.
2	This review is based on three visits to this restaurant. I sincerely hope the new owners read this and go about solving a few issues as this dining choice is very close to the hospital my husband must go to no less than four times a week.       First, and most important, is the food.  All three times we've eaten here we were served CANNED vegetables -- bad choice as they are high in sodium, low in nutrients and taste.  2nd violation was tough meat.       This restaurant used to be known for excellent Prime Rib, but the new owner seems to be changing the public opinion on that issue very quickly.  It is not too late to fix this, but owner needs to find a solution before all the snowbirds return or loose more business.     My last item has to do with service.  They seem to have experienced, top notch servers, but the management has elected to under staff during the busiest times.  Makes no sense.        Time for new owners to step-up their game.  The location is excellent, staff is good, restaurant is clean enough -- fix the food please and have enough servers to get customer's meals to them while still hot.   We want to patronize your business!
5	Great meals...breakfast all day, huge menu, and wonderful service! Highly recommend making this a weekly meal!
1	Ordered breakfast there with eggs over easy.  Took about an hour to receive my food and while I waited, my partner got his meal.  When mine finally came, the eggs were hard and crusty, the toast was burnt.  When I complained, the Mgr said that the cook didn't mean to do it.  No offer of replacing the meal or give me a refund.  Just that the cook didn't mean to do it.  That didn't do much for my taste buds.
3	Have been there many times over the years, but my most recent visit on New Years Eve was unusual in that the place was almost empty.  The food has been good, but the prime rib I had was rather fatty and the veggies were canned beans.  Service has usually been good there, but you can wait during the high season due to the crowds that patronize them.  Not sure how the spinoff of George's restaurant only two blocks away featuring the same basic menu has affected their business.  You won't get a real bad meal there, but you may not get top quality either. Does a huge breakfast business.
3	This is one of the old standbys in Sun City, and we have eaten there numerous times.  The place is quite large and seats a lot of people. Menu is varied and not too expensive, and the food has generally been good. Service is usually quick, and responsive.  Only drawback is that I thought they must have hired their waitresses on who had the most tattoos all over their body.  That,s not always the most appetizing sight while you,'re eating.  OVERALL, you can expect good food at reasonable prices, but nothing too special.  The owner's family opened George's Cafe about 2 blocks away in the Lakeview Rec Center, and I think they have lost some of their customers to the new place.
5	Excellent and fresh salad bar. Very good fish fry on Wednesdays and Fridays. Great overall value. Will be coming back.
1	Tonight we gave this restaurant another try, mainly because I was just too tried to prepare dinner or drive very far.  Well, it was not a good decision as the food and service was worse than ever!  When we arrived there were three groups of people irritated that the cashier was missing in action.  One lady commented that the owner was luckily that all of them were honest as they could have walked out and no one would even notice.There was no one to seat us and only one waitress covering ALL the tables.  She finally waved at us and then told us which side she wanted us to seat ourselves on.  It was a good 15 minutes, from the time we seated ourselves, until our order was taken.  They were offering all you can eat shrimp and fish.  First came what was titled  Lentil Soup.  It was awful.  Neither of us could eat it.  The shrimp was frozen breaded shrimp that was greasy as could be.  The fish seemed to have been reheated over and over until it was like rubber -- could only eat a few bites.  I should have sent it back, but I didn't have the energy for the conflict it would cause, plus I was fairly sure I would just get more food that was impossible to eat.  Just made the decision to never give the restaurant any more of our business. Shame on the owners for not giving customers quality food and good service as I am sure we are not the only Sun City residents that want a good restaurant close to home.
1	Worst meal I ever recall eating; even my grandparents and aunt and uncle couldn't believe it. We went to DQ for an ice cream after and all made the comment we should have just had dinner there as well. Very nice servers though!
5	Best Fish Fry in town on Wednesday & Friday nights. Prime Rib for only $10 on Saturday & Sunday is fantastic also.
