3	Haters be damned, Panda Express satiates my light lunch cravings on a budget. Near my work and located inside Vons, I'm able to get a large serving of steamed veggies with vitamins, minerals, and fiber a la carte for about $3.60. Every visit the worker has to cook a fresh batch because they never have any on standby. I'm guessing nobody orders veggies. I totally don't mind. I would gladly have a freshly cooked garden over semi-old, sitting over the hot-ass steam veggies that nobody wants any day.A few caveats though, it's obvious these are frozen variety so if you're expecting to be blown away, you're SOL.  The steamed veggies have as much flavor as Mitt Romney. Add some chili, soy sauce, or spicy mustard to bring it life. The carrots are the crinkle kind and it can taste and feel like cardboard. Out of nutritional guilt, I'll force myself to eat these orange taproots to get my vitamin A for the day.  Meat-wise I've only tried the mandarin chicken and that shit was cooked to oblivion and once bitten, it had the texture of bad sashimi. Gross. Nearby is a Starbucks so I'm able to get my trenta (unsweetened) iced green tea to complete my lunch. Total win.
4	This Panda Express is located inside a Von's grocery store. If you walk through the produce department you will see it. I love that it is conveniently inside the store because I stop there several times a week and when I feel like quick Chinese it is right there on the way to the check out!I like that they always offer me a sample. I was sure of what I wanted one time until I tried a sample of the "Fire Cracker Chicken" and was hooked! If you haven't tried the "Chicken Pot-Stickers" you NEED to because they are simply delicious!!!There is some seating right near where you pay so if you are on a lunch break or something you can sit down and enjoy it there.
3	A bit hard to find if you're a first-timer, this location is inside Vons, at the back of the produce department. Being in a grocery store, it's a very small Panda, with a smaller selection of items. However, all your basics are there, plus the +$1 item du jour. Employees are completely checked-out and uninterested, but can you really blame them?
1	If you are used to a full Panda Express restaurant don't bother with this mini version. They didn't have the beef & broccoli & they didn't have the steamed vegetables that my wife & I wanted. There wasn't much else either - minimal selection.
4	This Panda Express is located inside Vons near the produce department. I like that I can grab something to eat while getting a few items at the store. It just is convenient without having to then make another stop for food. I have to say the employees here are awesome. Well, the manager this last time was having lunch and talking with someone (maybe having a meeting?) while this girl was hustling to take care of the orders. I questioned how long something has been sitting out and she offered to make it fresh if I didn't mind waiting. Of course not! I can't believe how this girl was working so hard to take care of the customers and offering to make me fresh food while the manager laughed away in her conversation only a couple feet from me. She should have excused herself and pitched in for a moment. I took the time to tell the girl helping me that she was a hard worker and that I appreciated her service. I only wish I caught her name to give her a shout-out in this review. I like to get the 2 or 3 item combo. I always choose fried rice because I find their chow mein to have too many veggies vs. noodles and the noodles are kind of dry. The Firecracker Chicken had good flavor. It isn't very spicy but has a nice baby kick. I tried Beijing Beef and it was sweet and spicy and my favorite of all I ate.  For my 3rd item I got Honey Walnut Shrimp and it was sweet, crispy, and good. The Cream Cheese Rangoons are a nice snack on the way home and aren't greasy. If you don't want your food to go, they have tables.
4	Always hits the spot when I don't know what I'm hungry for. Food & service is great.  Priced just right.
1	This was the worst Panada inside a Vons I have ever seen.  The fried rice seems like it had been sitting there for hours.  There was only 1 egg roll (even though they are supposed to be sold it sets of 2), no wantons and the orange chicken looked like it was made in the morning.  Plus maybe the prices are higher here or they went up, it was over 8 dollars for a 3 entree meal, but I was willing to pay had it not looked so bad.  Pretty sad when frozen chinese food was better looking.
