5	If you like modern styled furniture without the modern styled prices Eurway is your best bet. Its directly across the street from Ikea in the Emerald Design Center. The service is very friendly and most items are in stock. Great modern style and decent quality.This sounds like a commercial, uhg!
5	After visiting this store for the first time, I decided that my husband's and my decorating motto should be: "Eurway style on an IKEA budget." This place is filled with beautiful, high-quality modern furniture and accessories that are less mass-produced and more unique than Ikea that were too expensive for our budget - at least when we were trying to furnish multiple rooms and not just add a funky piece to one space. As an example, a really nice, dark wood dining set ran about $400 for the table and $150 for each chair, whereas the Ikea set for 8 we ended up purchasing cost about $500 total. While these prices are much more reasonable than a place like EQ3, they are definitely higher than some people looking for a lot of furniture (and not just a few pieces) might be willing (or able) to pay. We did end up purchasing one thing, however. It was a beautiful eat-in table with funky aluminum legs and a glass table top - you could choose from 3 different sizes of tops. I believe the table ran about $250, but it looks really sleek. In the end, we still decided to go to Ikea to get the chairs (paid $100 instead of $300), but I am still glad we walked away with one upgraded piece! Don't get me wrong - I have nothing against Ikea. I love being able to add simple but clean-lined decor to my house at very affordable prices. But it's nice to differentiate now and then, and if you have a bit more to spend on a lot of furniture or are looking for a piece that's unique, I would highly recommend Eurway.
5	We shopped around for living room furniture for months before a friend told me about Eurway. Everywhere I went I only found ugly-ass, boring sofas and uninspired living room sets, until that is, until Eurway. We furnished our living room with a sleek and modern set (which the animals are not allowed to go near) and am happy to say that we paid that off last month (0% interest financing) and went back for more this weekend. A new bedroom set will be delivered beginning of October, yay. Did I mention they also had a 20% off sale. Yay.
