5	I usually order Mango Smoothie (mango and sugar only). Great serving size. I like that this branch has a happy hour 4-6 p.m. buy 1 get 1.
3	Ok, so I missed the happy hour.  Hell, I didn't even know there was a happy hour at this joint.  I got in at 3:30pm, so I guess I missed it by a half hour.  Damn it!  Cheap bastards like me hate wasting money especially when it's just 30 minutes away!Tropical Smoothie is like any other fresh fruit mixer except that they actually serve food.  I didn't have any of it as my stomach probably could not handle anything except a smoothie since Vegas nights pretty much destroy any appetite you have.  If you don't know what I'm talking about, then you don't know how to party.The smoothies are good, they're large and you won't feel ripped off.  Except when you're a cheap bastard like me and you wish you had come to happy hour instead of paying full price.
4	This is my favorite Tropical Smoothie. It is not the one closest to my house, or the one I visit the most, but it is the one I spend the most time at. This location is near the Sears Auto Center where I take my car to get most of the basic maintenance done. While I am waiting I go to Tropical Smoothie. Why? Two reasons, one, I don't really feel the need to wander Sears while my car gets fixed. I am the kind of person that goes to Sears knowing what he wants, not going to look. Second, its a nice place to get a healthy snack (or smoothie) while I wait for my car to be fixed, and I can enjoy the free wi-fi provided by the bagel shop next door.  I like the bagel shop next door, but I really do prefer TS. I like this TS because the service is quick. I've found the food and smoothie quality here consistent with other locations, but by far this is the most well staffed and quick TS I've visited. I also appreciate that they never give me flack for asking for a wrap that is not the veggie wrap minus the meat. They are always accommodating. Additionally, this location of TS has a 24hr drive thru. I've never needed to get a smoothie at 3am, but if I do, I will be coming here.
1	In order: Small.Overpriced. Bland. Icky. Not a fan of this place at all. Food was the same I would expect from a Wal-Mart deli.  Place has a very bad vibe to it. Hard to put my finger on, but I was the only person there, the service was one poor guy who had to come from the back and take his time making a wrap which was 95% lettuce and a tiny bit of chicken with very little seasoning. Next time it would be better to just take my $10 and buy a few heads of lettuce.
2	worst tropical smoothie in vegas. they're rude and mess up orders.
3	The smoothies are good, however the wait can be long sometimes. There is one person working there in the mornings. The other day is took me 15 mins just to pay and another 10 to get my smoothie. The woman before me ordered like 3 different things. The mornings are important because that's when people are headed to work. Maybe they should have 2 people....
2	Let's be serious... All Tropical Smoothie has to is keep the same products and be helpful to me... Keeping the store clean is good and I do like when they are appropriately staffed for a particularly busy time of day. Two locations around town even have employees who know my name and what I like.So, why does this location always feel rushed and unfriendly?Here was my Quick Tip on my last stop in:"Time to redeem a filled up card for a free Smoothies... Well, not "free"... She says "that'll be 11 cents... For the Splenda."To be clear, I showed her the punched card, she went to punch it again. When I showed her that it was completed, she implied that I was trying to trick her. She then said "that will be 11 cents." I just looked at her inquisitively. She said "For the Splenda, that'll be 11 cents"I ran out to the car to get 11 pennies.What if I had been jogging?? What if I had 0 Dollars and 0 Cents and was hoping that a Tropical Smoothie, earned through my sustained, frequent visits, would cheer my broke ass up... NOPE.
1	Went to try this place out despite reviews about bad service just because its 1 minute from work.  Showed up at 7:55am, the open sign was turned on but the door was locked and there were no employees in sight. I actually waited in my car a couple minute because I really wanted a smoothie. The hours they have posted say they open at 7am. Just lost a customer... hope the management/owner reads these reviews...
3	I only go here on occasion but I like the drink I order, the place is always clean, and prices are fine. I have never eaten here before so I can't really comment on that.
2	Came here at 10:30 with my man for some breakfast/lunch.. It was freezing inside the store.. I really wanted to try their Island Green smoothie made with spinach and kale.. But they didn't have the ingredients to make it.. Why advertise something with big posters when you aren't ready to make it? Settled for my usual Sunrise Sunset and a Buffalo Chicken wrap.. I wanted a banana as my side but they were out of bananas..... WTF. So then I decided on baked chips which they were also out of. This whole time there was only 1 girl working. C'mon Tropical Smoothie how are you going to have 1 person working the cash register, making smoothies and making wraps!!!!???! So kudos to her because there were like 4 other people besides us. Understaffed & Out of Everything...!!! You're better off going to the 24 hour/ + drive-thru one on Flamingo/215!Hot Tip: If you're watching what you eat get your smoothie made with Splenda or no sugar~!!!
1	I'm done with all Tropical Smoothies. Came to this location, ordered a smoothie and a wrap.  It was a little busy so I was patient, I waited 15 minutes, after seeing another person that was way behind me getting their wrap, I said something. Yup, they forgot, didn't seem to care either. Why is it that all the Tropical Smoothies by the 89148 area have terrible service one way or another?
3	Smoothie was fine.  Service was fine.  Just really really slow.  I'll continue going to the drive through one up the street.
1	Never coming to this location again. Since this is the closest Tropical Smoothie to where I work, I frequent this place. Even around noon, there is almost always ONLY ONE person working, and two at most, which still isn't enough! I have waited and waited and waited for smoothies in the past, but no longer. I went there this weekend, and waited almost 20 minutes for 1 smoothie!!!! I could've driven home and made one myself in that amount of time, and next time I will. There was one poor soul working and the place was packed. I've even taken the time to fill out a comment card for this location telling them they seriously need to staff up to maintain their customers. Done with this location for good. Don't waste your time here...because it will be awhile.
1	Whoever is a male that works here on Sunday nights should be taken care of for his extreme poor customer service & attitude. Customer service can change your experience no matter how amazing your smoothie or food is. Keep your day job. You don't deserve to spread anymore negative vibes.
4	Wow they need a few extra people staffed at lunch time
1	I honestly don't know why I keep coming here (other than it being close to work) The service is terrible and they never have enough people working. There is no reason a smoothie should take 20 minutes to make.
4	Tropical SmoothieThis is my go-to smoothie place. I've been here more than a handful of times during many different times of the day, and never have a had a problem with the speed and service from the staff. I never had to wait more than 10 minutes for my order. The staff is accommodating to what I want and quick to fix any mistakes. Get their stamp card to get a free smoothie after you've purchased 10! Also sign up for their text message deals,you often get BOGO texts. I'm a big fan of the Kiwi Quencher, Bahama Mama, and the new Citrus Green Tea with basil. Not too big a fan of the food menu, though.
1	Was a regular, until today. Stood in line while they fumbled with the register for 10 minutes and then was promptly ignored while they went and prepped. Fine, don't take my money. I won't beg.
1	I swore I would never come here again, and I lied. My co-worker really wanted to go here, and it is the closest one to us, so I caved. Optimistically, I thought maybe the service had improved...I was very wrong...very very wrong. We wait 30 mins for two smoothies and a sandwich. They forgot my friend's order FOUR TIMES. They completed everyone's order before hers, and sporadically came back a few times to continue asking what she ordered. We were baffled. We noticed she kept coming back to the register to write down orders on a napkin! Isn't there a ticketing system for this?! Two other women we were waiting with had placed orders over the phone and had to wait almost as long as we did! What is even the point of offering this service?!We barely had time to eat before we had to get back to work. Dear god, Tropical Smoothie, please for the love of God...HIRE MORE PEOPLE TO WORK THE LUNCH RUSH. P.S. They got rid of their stamp cards at all locations. No more free smoothies.
1	No tropical smoothie is good but this one is the worst in town. There's never more than one person working, they never know how to work the register, and forget it if you have a food AND drink order. They're always short and rude to customers too.
