5	(spy music)I came in here with one mission and one mission only.To buy some tits. (Can I use the word tits?)(dramatic music)I asked the ladies at the front where I could find my cutlets (we're keeping it PG). Next thing I knew we were all giggling hysterically. Me making jokes about my new best friends that would never leave my side or my boobs. A quick transaction later I was out the door.Amazingly friendly staff. I like these girls. Don't be shy ask them for what you need and they are more than happy to help.
4	I have always enjoyed shopping at this Aerie store! The staff is very friendly, approachable, and down to earth. I'm generally checked on at least couple times if I begin to accumulate items. However, they do a great job of being available while not making you feel like your privacy has been invaded. The store also has a great selection of bras, panties, apparel, and accessories, similar to the selection available at the Aeries at Robinson and South Hills (but better than Ross Park). If you're a girl - or still like to think of yourself as one - make sure to check out this store when you're in South Side Works.
4	Yes, I know, it's a lingerie store, don't you all worry, I wasn't in here buying items for myself.  I came in here to find a friend that was shopping.  I also was able to observe the store.From the viewpoint of a gay male, this store does nothing for me...if you know what I mean.  I was just noticing how the place was set up, and with no surprise here, it's just a smaller version of an American Eagle store, except more organized.  I suppose people don't like messing with undergarments as much as other clothing.I also noticed how nice the staff was.  The associate noticed me looking around and knew I was in here to find someone.  She was kind enough to let me know that she was in the dressing room...uh...trying some things on.  Also she was fantastic to talk to.  Asides from knowing her job, she was a plethora of knowledge.Good one on you for a store like this...i think.
