4	The Kobe burger is good and about half the price of Kobe burgers at other Vegas burger joints, like Burger Bar which just seems to be "not all that" every time I go there. The garlic fries are good too; although they should be double-fried; but then again that's a fault of MOST places that makes fries in America.It claims to serve "Abolutely, positively, the best burger in the world". I wish I could dedicate my life to eating burgers all over this planet so I could tell you whether that claim was true, but I've got a few other things to do. (Hmmm, that's probably what they were counting on.) But you gotta love anyone who would make such an high-falutin statement.The owner clearly marches to his own drummer (and I think it might be a hip one like Dennis Chambers or Dave Weckl), and that makes the experience even better. Imagine George Carlin (God rest his brilliant soul) flipping burgers just for you, that's kind of what it's like.
5	So apparently if you're reincarnated as a cow you want to be one of the Kobe sort, which is a special breed of Japanese cattle that is given beer daily and a massage so the meat is more tender (thanks Wikipedia!).  All of Burger Stop's meat is Kobe - nice. After reading Joseph A's review of this place my red meat alarm went off and I decided to check it out for myself, and they do a fantastic burger.  Everything is made fresh daily.  So for $12 I got a double patty, fresh cut thin fries, and a soda.  The bun was toasted and slightly crunchy.  Perky avocado and onions.  It was lovely.  I forgot my camera but I'll post a pic next time.  And yeah, the owner/cook does look like George Carlin and although I did not overhear him say any of the 7 words you can't say on television, he'd probably make a good Vegas impersonator.  The one complaint is it takes a little longer than say Fatburger to get your order, a good 15 to 20 mins, but there were a couple of orders in ahead of mine.  And it's worth it when you know its gonna be good.Just a simple easy place to get a nice solid piece of red meat.  Corner of Trop and Eastern.
3	While I haven't ever physically been in the restaurant, I've had take out enough times that I figure I could give an accurate review of the place. They claim to have the best burger in the world and while I don' t know if that is true, they do make a fine one. I usually get some sort of double cheese burger, one time with bacon and the next time with the slightly healthier avocado. Both times, the burger was quite tasty, with a nicely toasted bun and great cheese. I can't vouch for the sides though, the fries were a little bit too crispy for me and the onion rings were, in reality, onion strings and came with a very very small amount
1	Had to give this 1 star.  First off, their website says they open at 11 a.m. on Sunday.  I went there on a Sunday only to find out the sign says they open at noon.Me and a few other people meandered around and no one was there by 1 p.m.  I know the dude marches to the beat of his own drummer but you can't show up an hour late and expect people to come back.Fix the web site too!
1	This place is closed.
