4	Ok, I just fell in love with the Smuggle Inn!  Lots of weird stuff going on.  A dive bar in the true sense of the word.  What exactly is being smuggled? Lots of different seating environments including two different bar sections!I can't wait to check out Wine and Art night the 15th of every month. Not for the stuck-up.
3	A pretty cool dive bar, went in after we had to buzz and be let in.  I only saw 2 other customers on a Thursday around 3pm.  The bartender was a very nice lady but she seemed tired of having to be there.   She did mention that she only encountered locals and was surprised by the fact that we found our way to this spot.  Also it is not a very busy place no matter what time you go.  I wouldnt mind coming back to this spot but I also wouldnt be upset if I didnt.  On a better note my drink was good and cheap.
4	a cool little dive cheap drinks nice atmosphere and good people. you have to ring the bell outside by the door so the bartender can let you in.
3	The Smuggle is a collection of aficionados(not necessarily dedicated to the same thing) who are passionate about whatever they're passionate about.They include cab drivers, casino workers(mostly dealers),sou chefs, wine sommeliers, and the guy who, along with his father, invented the system which allowed MaryMartin to cavort above the stage in Peter Pan. Past entertainers who availed themselves of "high wire ballet"included George Reeves(Superman). Before I committedto writing this review, I browsed the descriptions of barsavailable to consider. "Dive bar"(where the pours are stiffand the stiffs are poor) is unequivocally the call to armsof The Smuggle. The smugglistas are an older, butresolutely "george"(generous) crowd. If your idea ofgenerous is an exuberant "THANKS, MAN!" wheneverthe barman sets a tall, cool one in front of you, thenChampagne's  might be a better fit. They're not asking you to liquidate Johnny's freshman year at UNLV Fund.Just make a good faith(30%) effort. Once you understandthe Ground Rules, evathang is evathang. "Generosity"is also applicable to the sensuality of the female smugglistas, who have probably been looking forwardto D-Day since the mid morning coffee break. Wink anda nod to all you playas. The Negative: The furnishings are well-worn and reminiscent of the Ving Rhimes moment in Pulp Fiction.The ambience at The S is framed in the red and black velour of a by-gone era.
3	Layed back friendly locals a bartenders. Not really divey just a dated back lounge style, which is ok with me. Quiet and relaxing.
