1	A few drinks in, we figured out the dancefloor was on a boat.Floating... on water.Then our buzz wore off from YMCA-ing and doing the twist.
5	This place is awesome! It is a no scene great place to grab a drink before heading to the major scene (if that's what you prefer). Located in Cesar's around the corner from the sports area.  After 9 (I believe) there is a great band playing and during the day it is a just a nice relaxing place to sip cocktails and gossip :) They make an excellent martini as well. Definitely a Vegas staple for me!
3	i drank heavily here. the boat was rocking!! which was the best part.the drinks were weak and expensive. but i had a good time!there aren't enough boat themed bars in the world.
4	Cleopatra's Barge rocks!We walked up to the Barge, and what did we overhear playing??  Yes, you guessed it, Lakeside's "Fantastic Voyage."COME ALONG AND RIDE ON A FANTASTIC VOYAGE!!!So we slided, glided, and slippety-slided up and down the Barge until the wee hours, until some drunk fool got all up in our faces, claiming that we were making fun of her husband's dancing ability.  Puh-leez!  We gots better things to do.Next thing you know, the dry ice started to spew so we made a fast break for the elevator.   Exit, stage left!
4	Of all of the choices in Vegas, I ended up here.  Yes, it's a boat (barge) floating in water in the middle of a casino.  My friends and I were supposed to just stop in for a drink while we waited for a friend to fly in.  After our friend showed up we still stayed.  An R&B cover band was playing (no Sexyback requests, 1983 and earlier only).   They were good enough to get all of us on the floating dance floor.  This is doesn't happen all the time.  All of my friends dancing at the same time!  Random generally older crowd.  It was a good place to start off the Vegas weekend.  Like other reviewers, I am a little ashamed to admit I enjoyed this place.  On a side note, this place is popular with hookers.  Yeah, real ones.  I saw many convention bound business men getting the hook up in and about the barge!  I think it just adds to the ambiance even more!  True Vegas experience.
3	The most hilarious place we visited in Vegas! No cover charge, but lots of dancing = a big plus. The band was WAY into their covers - especially "My Prerogative", so it didn't really matter that they forgot most of the words to Hall-n-Oates' "Can't Go For That", or that they completely messed up "Erotic City" - it was still a blast! It also wins the award for most gimmicky bar: the dance floor is the "barge" and it ROCKS back and forth from the weight of the dancers. Woooo!!! Even though only a small portion of our party ended up on the dance floor, a good time was had by all, and the people-watching was at an all-time excellent high - the craziest people end up at Cleopatra's Barge on a Friday night, so it was very entertaining. A solid place to go for a good time. :)
4	If I could turn back time...If I could find a way....I would go back to Cleopatra's Barge and rub her boobs.Never EVER have I rocked out whilst being surrounded by a moat. At least it kept the black knight at bay. Zing!The drinks were pricey, the crowd was older, and the cover band was shitastic! All in all a damn good time for these Pure (trendy club) rejects!
3	I have mixed feelings about Cleopatra's. The motif is awesome, and the dance floor/band area is actually on the barge, which is surrounded by water. The cover band was hilarious, and totally into it. I got a kick out of some of the moves I saw out there. Still tho, $20 for a "well" red bull vodka? WHAT. It was also one of the smokiest areas I was in during my Vegas stay. Yes, it's a gimicky place, but there are tons of cheaper places to have a drink and see a funny vegas cover band.
4	"The barge she sat in, like a burnish'd throne,Burnt on the water; the poop was beaten gold;Purple the sails, and so perfumed, thatThe winds were love-sick with them; the oars were silver,Which to the tune of flutes kept stroke, and madeThe water which they beat to follow faster,As amorous of their strokes. For her own person,It beggar'd all description."-- Shakespeare (Enobarbus' description of Cleopatra's Barge from Antony and Cleopatra, Act 2, Scene 2) When I first saw Cleopatra's Barge, I started laughing because the club itself "beggar'd all description". It's supposedly a replica of the barge that Cleopatra and her court used to travel on the Nile (undoubtedly she and Antony made the original rock during night voyages). The first thing I noticed was the Baroque era figurehead on the prow (so much for historical accuracy, but who cares?) that portrayed a gilded Cleopatra with well-formed conical breasts that were being "felt up" by about every other guy who walked under them. This had happened so many countless times that the paint has lost its luster around her tatas from all the groping by oily hands. Then I noticed that the barge actually was rocking from the dancing occurring on its "deck". The well endowed Cleopatra was bobbing up and down as the barge moved and I could envision a very tall person getting a nipple divot in their scalp if they didn't duck when she lunged. Ref: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Y5lamf0Jv4pB48otGWrkkg?select=4ctCVgtnVRVFxREcfEjJJA Being tall myself, I carefully walked by before entering the club. There was no cover fee and no table charges. The drinks were the pricey variety you'd expect from any club within Caesar's Palace (roughly $10/drink and up). The cocktail waitresses either liked to take long breaks out of sight or there weren't enough of them (I counted two), but this didn't diminish the fun we had. The club itself is modeled after a boat slip in which the barge is moored. The barge itself holds the dance floor and the bandstand. Most of the tables are found on "dry land". It appears that the barge is floating on water, but it was hard to tell with the subdued lighting and all the fog that was being generated at the "water line". To enter the dance floor, you walk across a gangplank and immediately feel the deck move beneath your feet. When the floor is filled with gyrating bodies, someone could get seasick. It was a Friday night and an R&B cover band was playing with all sorts of gusto. Since it was hard to hear when you were sitting, we ended up dancing a lot. The crowd ranged from 20-year-old kids to rockin' grandmas in their 60's. They all seemed to be having as good of a time as we were.
3	bad gimmicks usually dont equal good bars and this really is no exception...I just wasnt into the whole "moat" and "rocking ship" thing but it could have also been most of the crowd was pushing 70+ which turned me off. The bad was decent, but not great and their song selection left alot to be desired. Head to the shadow bar or a real lounge instead!
3	My wife hated it but she likes the loud annoying clubs where the music thumps and you cant hear yourself talk. The place was small, but the barge was cool. You had to walk across a "moat" to get onto the barge. The music was okay. The band was decent, but not great. Not a bad place to visit once, but not a place we really want to go back to.
5	Awesome, old-school, dimly lit, hokey-as-hell floating Egyptian "barge" in the bowels of Caesars.  One half is a dark little bar area with cheesy black vinyl seats and  fake wood tables, full of hookers and dirty conventioneers.  The other half is the "nightclub," a Disneyland-meets-bordello-chic mishmash of Arabian nights and Pirates of the Carribbean.  AWESOME!  The waitresses wear harem-girl outfits and the dancefloor actually rocks (literally; it is floating on water) when the crowd gets going.  Speaking of the crowd: upper-middle-class, upper-middle-aged foreigners and old-schoolers getting soused on Tom Collinses and Cutty Sark.  In my opinion, WAY cooler atmo and much better people watching than any other bar/nightclub in town.  Why go to Pure and be raped from the minute you walk up to the door, when you can be gently seduced at this suave, swanky joint?!?!  Ten thumbs up!  Twelve stars! A+++
1	Soooo... we ended up here after deciding not to wait in line at Pure and realizing the night was coming to an end sooner than expected.  This place is a joke.  The walls are mirrored and of course the place is Egyptian-themed (aka CHEESY).  The very small dance floor is on this boat that stretches out into the hallway with Cleopatra on the front, and you have to walk across a pretty steep ramp to get there.  Tables and chairs are spread throughout the place, there was no problem finding seating.  It was smoky and dark in there, which worked to the crowd's advantage because they weren't the best looking folks.  Although they were a good time, one girl was pulling up her dress to reveal her panties and giving lap dances to everyone in her reach.  The bar is outside the actual club and is WAY overpriced, even for Vegas.  The other reviewers mention a band, maybe that's on weekends, we had hip hop music by a dj... but that was actually the only thing I wouldn't complain about.  Moral of the story: even if you decide not to go to Pure, do not go to Cleopatra's Barge.
4	Well, my boyfriend and his friends are cheap. Instead of paying to get into Pure they decided they'd rather go to "that boat bar thing". So we order some drinks and go in to find a tiny dance floor full of cougars. The boys are in heaven. After dancing to a strange mix of salsa and top-40's, I go to sit down and finish my drink. I was just minding my own business when all of the sudden I'm drenched by water. Yep. Somebody fell off the boat into the barge. I felt really bad for the guy, but I was laughing so hard I almost peed my pants. It's not exactly your big Vegas club, but it's nice for a cheap evening out and people watching. Oh, and before we left my boyfriend threw up his shot of ever clear on the bar. It was disgusting. I got a picture.
4	Okay, this place is totally cheesy, but that is why I love it. I have a deep and abiding love for Cleopatra's Barge. The first thing you notice is the bow of the ship as you walk by it inside the casino. Then you realize that this place is actually a bar on water inside a casino. Hysterical laughing ensues. We headed in for what we thought was an innocent drink and turned out to be great fun. The night we were there they had a DJ and a band. Awesome sauce! The DJ played fun 80s music and the band played great covers from the last five decades. We danced the night away, laughed and people watched. Love!
1	After reading reviews here, I was looking forward to going to this place.Don't waste your time. Maybe it's better when it isn't jam packed full but I would not have even known we were on a bar in the water if it wasn't for the reviews. There was zero room to dance and I kept getting drinks spilled on me. We left after ten minutes.
3	A club venue that displays Cleopatra in a bosom-baring golden glory, as she is on the ship's bow. Photo opportunity here. Nice Egyptian style atmosphere. No cover. Servers are attentive and quite conversationalists. Music is club-like and sounds loud in such a small club. It can be heard down the hall. Club patrons can go dancing on her barge as it floats on water. The barge's oars move. Entry to the barge is by a short bridge which connects to the barge's dancefloor. It's like walking the plank like Wendy (that character from "Peter Pan") without pirates urging me on. And so, dancing on the barge presents a very up-close proximity with the rest of the patrons on the dancefloor. A cramped dancefloor. It's seems everyone wants to be on the barge. It's fun, an awesome experience. It's a-rockin' to and fro as the barge moves to everyone's dance rhythms. A scary thought: someone may topple oveboard. Someone who may be a little light-headed from cocktail drink may lose balance or may be prone to 'seasickness' eventhough the barge is not on real big waves. That's when the fun is funny serious. "Man overboard!" ""No nay ne'er!" Let's just scamper for "Land-ho!" Cleopatra's barge is a thrill.
4	This is a bar for people who do not take themselves seriously. Vegas is over the top and this is a way to have fun, albeit in a cheesy place. No cover and a small area for dancing. Our group was able to sit down and watch the whole place (a rare thing for the mega-clubs as you have to drop some bucks to get a table). There were some crazy people dancing so this was a great place for people watching.
5	"Wahoo. The sparkler would burn hot, then hotter, then even hotter, and then there'd be this one moment of pure burn when that little fucker would cook perfect, just perfect. It would only last a second, but that second was *it*. And *that's* what Dad had us looking for, man."- Mike"The wahoo moment?"- Kyle My Personal Vegas Ratings (2 Options):5-Star or 1-Star I think I had a Wahoo moment at Cleopatra's Barge...  That could have something to do with the 3 days and 40 NCAA Bball games of Drunk'n Parlay Enduced Emotions we went through prior to putting on our Suits (or our friends Dapper-wear) and hitting up Cleo's Barge... No cover, No line, but packed dance floor... anyways:It's Vegas... if you are not having a 5-star time with your friends and/or loved ones... you just are not doing Vegas right...You win all your bets... ahh VegasYou lose all your bets... ahh VegasYou pay $10 for a bud light... ahh VegasYour $10 bud lights gets knocked out of your hand... ahh VegasIt is all part of the experience... had a good time: 5-Stars
3	We (a group of four of of ladies celebrating a 27th birthday) stumbled upon this place quite unexpectedly...We were SO over the club scene that night, but still wanted to dance.  The night before we'd had a ton of fun at Toby Keith Bar (where this a bar with a dance floor) so we Yelped where else we might go with a similar set up.  And that is when we stumbled upon Cleopatra's Barge.  The adjective "floating" got us here :)This place is kinda of cheesy and even more random.  But so fun!  They play great dance music and yeah the crowd can be hit or miss, but it's all about the friends you're with right?  We really weren't sure what to expect, but they have a good dj, a great dance floor, lots of seating.So, if you're looking for a break from the big, sweaty, over crowded clubs, I recommend trying out Cleopatra's Barge at least one night.  Fun can come in unexpected places.  Just saying.
3	Located directly across from Pure nightclub in Caesar's Palace, we stumbled across this place....it's probably Caesar's Palace's best kept secret! PROS:-No cover charge...just walk right in, no bouncers, no lines...yay!-No dress code...come as you are! Jeans, work clothes or dressed to the nines...no one cares!-Fun crowd (more of a 30+ crowd, but still super fun)...there were even some Housewives of Beverly Hills cougar look-a-likes dancing there that night, they were so hilarious...I loved them!-The music is fairly good. I noticed the DJ catered to the crowd....when there's lots of young people, he played newer top 40 music...when there more 30+ people, he played older music.-"I'm on a boat"...is what you can say when you're dancing, because the dance floor is technically on a "boat" surrounded by water, it's pretty cool.-There is lots of seating and tables open to everyone and anyone. If your group has people who do and do not like to dance, then this is the place for you!CONS:-Small dance floor, it can get pretty squishy.-Drinks apparently are not cheap..but then again, this is Vegas!-Couldn't find the bar to ask for water, so I had to wait for the waiter to come around. The waiter didn't come around very often (I think they were understaffed that day).Overall:  It's great for all types and I would definitely come back here again....especially as a back-up if other clubs didn't pan out as expected.
4	We made this our meeting point for a girl's night on Friday but found out there was a list and cover to get in! So we headed to Carnival Court and had a blast....we were bummed because the reviews all said no cover and it looked like alot of fun.So on Sunday after an amazing dinner at Mesa we strolled by right at opening and closed the place down!! We bought a bottle of Skyy for $100 and got all the mixers, with it. The bottle lasted 6 of us a good 2-3 hours, all I know is I had an endless glass!Partying on a ship, pretty cool. Watching your 10th grade math teacher dance to T-pain, pretty funny. Actually having room to dance on the dance floor, fucking awesome! On Saturday night we were at PURE and OMG what a frickin nightmare!!! I forgot to mention the reason for this yelp, the reason the barge is even remotely cool (cause it ain't the people). It's the DJ! He is AWESOME! So over qualified for this venue! His selection, his mixing (yes he can mix), his ability to feel out the dance floor. He knew when to play ACDC for the older crowd and when to throw on a Cataracs for the younger people. He made the night.There was no list, no cover, nobody even at the door on Sunday. If you are at Caesar's and want to party then you have to cruise by but make sure its on a free night! I would have given 5 stars if not for the Friday night fiasco.Oh yeah, if you are the very drunk and married blonde that was with 7 guys that night then proceeded to the dark corner to makeout with lucky #7...I have pictures...what happens in Vegas....ends up on t-shirts.
3	Weird atmosphere, but fun, especially if you are already drunk. Warning: There are no bathrooms inside, you have to leave and walk around the corner. Other than that it's an ok place if you are looking for something different from the typical Vegas-esque places. Think 70's disco with a Caesar look. No cover. Don't fall in the water :)
4	Hooray a place we can have some drinks and sit!! We came here after an Elite event and the place was popping. We managed to find a perfect little spot right next to the dance floor. There were plenty of people dancing since the music was pretty good. The waitress took care of us & we enjoyed people watching and our drinks.I would totally come back here again..next time maybe even buying one of those $100 bottles of Sky..
4	Been going to Cleopatra's Barge each time we visit Las Vegas for the past 20-years. This is a very fun stop because you can enjoy live music and dance without paying a cover. Las Vegas is town that will eventually ruin any good idea. But, so far the only thing that has happened to Cleopatra's Barge is high drink prices. The reason to go here over any other "name brand" nightclub is that you can actually sit down, or dance to a live band instead of listening to nonstop percussion and having to pay for bottle service just to even have a seat, not to mention the wait in line only to pay an outrageous cover charge. If you have been to one, you have been to them all, and none are worth the cost.You can combat the high drink prices by purchasing a bottle for your room. Just stop by any liquor store when you leave the airport for your hotel. For every drink you have in your room, you will save about $12-$13 per drink.  It's not that you want to be cheap in Las Vegas, but paying $30/round (2 x $12.50+tip+tax) is just stupid and easy to prevent. The only other annoyance is that they allow smoking. Indoors no less. When will people learn not to smoke?Try to go early enough to get a good table and dance a little before it gets too crowded on the floor. The bands are always terrific with singers can actually perform without being vulgar about it! You do not have to really dress up, but do it anyway! Ladies, skank-out in a short skirt and heels. Guys, throw on a jacket and nice shoes. This place is fun!
4	Older crowd (which included me). Probably because they  play  lots of older music which is a nice relief from the hip-hop, trance music of other clubs.
4	I went to this spot on my last night on the town. I didn't want to go to a huge club, but something fancy and chill. This place was it. First off, IT'S FREE. No cover. 2nd, PLACES TO SIT, ladies u feel me on this one. And its fancy and swank. I loved the indoor river w/bridge, so awesome They have the Cleopatra sculpture out front, and it was decked out in egyptian art on the inside. Me and my boyfriend got a table where we danced, drank and laid back. We're black so we only dancing to stuff we will dance to. So when our songs weren't playing, we were people watching. This club is an excellent place for that. The music was diverse from Jackson 5 disco, to JLo Techno, to Nicki Minaj hip hop. I recommend this place to anybody no matter what generation of music they come from. Everybody was still dancin. I recommend the waitresses clean the tables more promptly. There were so many abandonned tables that patrons had to clean off themselves because it was not kept up after service. I had to ask a waitress to clean up the table for us. But it was OK. It was taken care of and we partied the night away
5	It is happening on Friday & Sat nights now! MG Matt Goss club with DJ's! Not the same old, old people's club from older reviews, but still free. Had a really great time with current music incl. EDM!
5	Our group of about 20 had a blast, no cover, reasonably priced bottle-service, pretty good DJ, not too fancy, not too big, you can happily get sh*t-faced and not worry you're going to get lost in a ginormous club.
3	It's Thursday night and the nightclubs are all closed! To Cleopatra's we go! This isn't too shabby of a place. We wanted to spend Christmas Eve at a club, but they were all closed :( so we ended up having our own party here.Nobody was dancing on the dance floor, so one of my friends started dancing to get everyone pumped up. By the end of the night, the dance floor was filled. HahaIt was good that we could request songs to the DJ playing that night - he was super cool and chill and didn't mind that we keep requesting random songs aka Gangnam Style. The only thing that's a bit of a downer is that they haven't got Ginger Beer, hence no Moscow's Mule for me :( Also, it was nice how they didn't kick us out after they closed. I know we took waayy too long to sober up and leave.
2	Almost would get a three-star if the DJ knew the difference between rhythm and a bucket of spit. Sound system was ok; bottle-service tables were dorky and expensive. A bigger dance floor would pack in the crowds. There were maybe 20 people there when we went on a Thursday night in the later evening. It should've been packed to the rafters. It might have attracted more, but the DJ had almost no rhyme or reason to the order or beat of the songs he was doing. It ranged from late 70s to the early 90s. I fully expected to hear Michael Jackson after Creedence Clearwater Revival or something. I was stunned at his picks. It reminded me of a truck in heavy traffic, upshifting, downshifting, starting a groove only to put on the brakes. Add in the expensive booze, tiny dance floor, and it just doesn't work.Yo: Caesars. Stop listening to these consultants and just get some space to kick out the jams, would you? Two clubs, both really disappointing. You could've easily sucked $150 out of my wallet if you'd been on the ball and I would've loved it. I walked out, shaking my head, wondering WTF. C'mon. Fire that guy/gal and start letting people have fun. We'll spend the $$ if you'll provide the venue. Yikes.
1	I went with my wife around 130am and it was ok slot of techno music but I was drunk so music is music at that time by 230am, the show got on the mic in the middle of the song announcing it was closing. I was trippin cuz it doesn't close till 4am WTF so I'm giving them a single star lame smmfh
5	We went to the Gossy side of the bar for drinks after the Las Vegas Half Marathon Sunday. Juan served up a delicious cosmo that was much needed after the race. The bar is on the casino floor and is great for people watching. We laughed so hard at the random people fondling the gold Cleopatra statue. Good times.
