3	The wait at the Pharmacy and Customer Service desk is always outrageous.  They need to staff better on weekends. Plus the Pharmacy needs longer hours.
4	good selection and value. The one Yelp frustration is while inside store it tells me I'm too far away. Yelp thinks it is north of the I-10 its the southwest corner of Watson and Yuma.
1	I have it with this store. This is the main reason I have decided to buy local shares of meat, vegetables and milk. I was constantly moving out of the employees way as I walked through the store. The aisles are extremely cluttered, where two carts can hardly pass each other. The music is way to loud. The meat and produce sections are lacking quality.
4	I've shopped in this store since the day it opened and have never had a rude cashier, ever. The store is always neat and clean. If I have any issues at all it would be with the deli department. Twice I've been in a hurry, picked up a hot container of deli fried chicken for dinner and found it to be so hard, dried out and greasy it was pretty much inedible. The cats enjoyed it, though.
1	Dont ever use the pharmacy at this particular Frys. We switched because walgreens no longer took military insurance for prescriptions, Their loss, I liked the walgreens across the street. But ever since we have been using this Fry's for our prescriptions (in the last 4 months) they have taken DAYS...yes DAYS to fill a prescription. I once had to fill a prescription for Birth control (kind of important right?) on a friday MORNING...I returned that afternoon and was told that they hadnt gotten to it yet, and when I returned from a weekend trip on that Sunday I was told that IT HAD NOT YET BEEN FILLED! Are you kidding me?! This has happened to me, not once, not twice, but THREE times. They have told me a prescription will be filled within an hour or two and when I return SEVERAL hours later I am told that it has not been gotten to yet because they were "too busy". Well it looks to me like they are too busy for my service...I will be driving target from now on because I am extremely unhappy with this Fry's Pharmacy.. I am NOT hard to please but a blatent disregard for peoples time and effort is NOT worth my service.......
3	I have mix feeling about this Fry's I guess depending on the day you do is the service your going to get. Sometimes the produces is not the quality you would expect from a Fry's store. Their was a time that I stopped shopping at Fry's and started going to a market in downtown Buckeye. Now I'm back at Fry's because it's a little more convenient for me. I think something might of change in management because every time I go and all of the lanes have someone they open up a lane to help me. Even though some of the cashiers get a little bothered when I ask for paper instead of plastic. Which I personally don't know why they use less bags! So you see my I don't know what to think of it maybe when they open the Fresh N' Easy off of Miller I might determine then which I would prefer.
5	I like this frys.  Not busy,  Isles are clearand clean.  Not that busy either.  Shelves are well stocked and workers are actually helpful if they see you wandering.
5	I am so thankful for this Fry's and the great people who work here. Trevor in the pharmacy went out of his way to help me over the phone with my prescription issues due to a new insurance. Thank you Trevor! You are awesome and it is people like you that keep me coming back and making Fry's my only choice when it comes to groceries and pharmacy.
2	I am not reviewing the store yet just the gas pumps.  I do not like the arrow deal that you have at this  FRYS gas station.  Half the world does pay attention to the lines and arrows on pavement to go in a certain direction.  But at the same time the other half does not.  Just get rid of them.  The ones that do not use arrows are making getting gas a struggle at this location.  I have came here to these pumps several times and see the same thing every time. Ok I am done.
5	I absolutely love this store.  I want to call it a grocery store, but it has everything!  Its like a super clean grocery store but you can buy everything else, furniture, gas grills, lamps, tea pots.  Its huge.  They even have a sushi station.  The home department is awesome.  We ended up buying a lot of home goods such as blankets and towels.  One of the items that we purchased was a small rug and it didn't have a price so the manager gave it to us for free because we purchased so many things. They have good quality home products.    They are very friendly here and they go out of their way to help you. The store is extremely clean and they carry everything!  I wish they had Fry's in Boston!
3	I'll be honest, the main reason I shop at this store is because it is literally 1 mile from my house.  Depending on what we need we may actually go to the WalMart across the street.  Really Fry's prices on many things is quite high.  When they put something on sale the price is good though.  The store is usually pretty clean and visually appealing.  There is a huge epidemic with carts in the parking lot.  They could probably hire someone specifically to shag carts all day.  Honestly I have learned that in Arizona people are way too lazy to walk even a few feet to put their carts away, but that is another story.  Watch this store on a Wednesday it is over run with seniors looking for their 10% off.  Honestly the checkers could stand to be quicker also.
4	There are some of the prices that seem a little high, but the selection is very good, and the staff is very helpful and quite friendly. It is probably my favorite place to shop in the area.
1	I have emailed corporate 2 times in the past couple of weeks.  There have been no carts available at the entrance to the store mainly because they are strewn through out the lot.  The staff has become rather snobbish when you ask them about it too.  They just say they are too busy to get to them and that the manager is unavailable when you ask to speak with them.  We have started shopping at the WalMart across the street.  Better prices and better service.  I will sacrifice some quality for this.
1	Never will i return,  Being treated like a criminal trying to used my debit card for gas is not what i want to experience.  Especially from a Robert (ROB) a gas attendant. i spoke to the manager Rocky Champagne, and basically agree with Rob behavior toward me.  I contacted corporate by phone and they said there going to contact there escalation team to deal with this situation??  My neighbors in Verrado told me to go to Goodyear to shop. Idk about being that extreme, just need better employees and managers.
4	They have almost anything you would need from a grocery store including a vegetarian section, world food section, toy section, pharmacy, electronics department, florist, deli, starbucks, us bank, and a furniture and home goods section which all contain quality products. You get fuel points for most purchases which can be used for a discount on gasoline. I always shop here
4	I'm visiting friends in the small city of Buckeye, AZ.   I say small because it felt really small, like not a lot of people.   Turns out it was really small in 2000 with just over 6500 people, however it's been growing by leaps and bounds since then!    When the 2010 census rolled around, Buckeye's population had EXPLODED to more than 50,000!   That's an increase of 673% in 10 years, WOW!    I guess it's not that "small" after all, because Buckeye is spread out over 392 SQUARE MILES!!Oh that's right... I'm reviewing a grocery store here not giving a history lesson, so let's get back to that.    We made a couple trips to this store, one of two grocery stores in town.    It was modern, clean, very well stocked and HUGE!    I wandered around exploring the store and was quite surprised by some of the things I found.There is a very nice, well stocked produce department.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/frys-food-stores-of-arizona-buckeye#BVyOWxHnFeSvJP44OJPdFwA nice deli counter/department too.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/frys-food-stores-of-arizona-buckeye#xi2lI287wN4pJDV-j4r1xAVery clean and well stocked rows (& rows & rows) of merchandise.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/frys-food-stores-of-arizona-buckeye#Mtg6BjcMTGuP5x4Tmxo9XQWait, they sell furniture too??http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/frys-food-stores-of-arizona-buckeye#SPf85X2vfKEstGpJtUO49QBBQ's & patio furniture!   Wait, did I walk into a Home Depot by mistake?http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/frys-food-stores-of-arizona-buckeye#NLuWpPJVznUc95NDo82wNwTV's!?!?!?http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/frys-food-stores-of-arizona-buckeye#4vU5hdEASdfZxxKwlm6gDQOK people this is a first for me... I have NEVER seen linens being sold in a grocery store!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/frys-food-stores-of-arizona-buckeye#H2-2XFhw4wBlzhl4W0yAPQThey even have a gas station outside too!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/frys-food-stores-of-arizona-buckeye#yHl_tr6OUAkC1uRySjMOSAThere is also a bank, a bakery, a post office, a garden center, a full-on pharmacy and even a medical clinic in this store!!    Boy-o-boy this is quite the grocery store... and talk about one-stop-shopping!!    Fry's Marketplace has hit that nail directly on the head on that point, WOW!
4	I shop here every week and I love the quality of the produce, the meat department (very polite employees there!), and the sales are great. The store is very clean and the furniture/home decorating department is fun to browse through. My sister-in-law was visiting from out of state and she loved the store, she wishes there were a Fry's in her area. I make a point of getting gift cards here as presents because of the double (and sometimes quadruple) points toward gas purchases. I save a lot on gas by shopping here, and watching for sales+ the coupons they send to me make it a pleasure to patronize Fry's. I've gotten coupons for free spaghetti sauce, 24 packs of water, among other bargains. I'm glad I have this Fry's nearby, or I'd be stuck shopping at (groan) Walmart.
5	I love this store!   The employees are friendly, the prices are low and I love the assortment of interesting nonfood items they carry!   I will be moving out of the area soon, and this store is one of things I'm going to miss!
