5	Well....I am just about done remodeling our home in Las Vegas.Now that I am done, I can let my guys get on with other jobs. I was not about to share this info until I didn't need them :) .My first review goes to Ron Evaristo of F&F Enterprises. Jeez.....what can't Ron do? He was our hero. Installed sinks, faucets,water softener,reverse osmosis, undercounter lights, reinstalled shower valves, installed island hood, painted & came to us in an emergency when we needed help with irrigation, all at a reasonable price and with a smile on his face. Ron is so pleasant, easy going and helpful with suggestions to save you money on every day repairs. He is licensed and bonded.He also does flooring, but we had already contracted that to another great guy so we did not have him install flooring. Anyway, my spousal unit and I would not hesitate to rec. Ron. Please tell him that Julie from Maui sent ya. (I don't think he will hold that against you LOL Thanks Ron. You're the best!
5	Ron and company definitely know how to make people happy!  They definitely go out of their way to help. Installed flooring, installed sinks, painted, mounted tv, fixed all the little things in and around the house that I am so grateful for.  Anything and everything you need to be done with a great price, Ron is your guy! Couldn't of asked for anyone better, I am very satisfied with their work and highly recommend F&F Enterprises to anyone who wants to better their home and save money!
5	We just purchased a house in Las Vegas, and after the closing were completely overwhelmed with the all the small repairs as well as figuring out what type of upgrading was in our budget. Ron took the time I needed to walk me through the house, identify in detail what could or needed to be done, and even took me out multiple times to price things out. I got multiple estimates, some higher, and some lower than Ron's, but decided to go with him because I believed he would take the time to do it right. I was not wrong, he did not take any shortcuts, even threw in some added labor for no additional cost since he was there doing the job and wanted it to look right. He painted the whole house, installed new sinks and fixtures and helped me remodel the kitchen.Ron has the best temperament for managing the job, and not only did he minimize my stress during the process, the outcome exceeded my expectations!I was out of town dueing much or the renovations and he kept in close communication sending me pictures and updates.  it was a truly professional job and he stayed within my budget. And, they left the place cleaner then when they started. Seriously, I can't wait to use him again.
5	Well this crazy wahine got a bug....sold the house and bought another fixer. First person we called was Ron. I knew he wouldn't steer us wrong and he didn't disappoint!  I am so happy with his beautiful work. Gorgeous new Zen bath. Beautiful new kitchen. Fabulous new stacked rock fireplace. Beautiful 24 inch tiles throughout. All at the hands of Ron Evaristo at F&F. Gorgeous work and reasonable prices as usual. I am so grateful to Ron and his crew for all the amazing work. Call him and tell him Julie sent ya!
5	Ron has been a lifesaver to us remodeling our bathroom into an accessible handicap Roll-in shower.  If you ever need a contractor who has expertise for ADA, and believe me they are hard to find, you want to call Ron.  He not only does good quality work,  he is very helpful and easy going.  And is he very reasonably priced.   I will be calling him for future work, for sure!
