3	Good food, nothing amazing. The one thing this place has going for it, is the store made tortillas. They are pretty bomb. This particular cafe rio, my experience was just meh. Half of the staff I dealt with were happy and seemed to be in a good mood, while the other half seemed miserable as hell. They also seem to skimp on the sides.
3	Since this is a chain, there's no need to go into their food. Food is the same, like all the other locations.There are still issues this location needs to work out such as the tortillas being dry. I don't understand why a worker would leave their post in the middle of line orders to restock items when there is a long line of people waiting and there are clearly enough workers in the back doing nothing who could handle this task, including what resembles managers who just stand and gawk at customers. There is no need to keep coming over every 2 minutes to clear tables. You guys watching us like a hawk to see if we're finished is creepy. Let's get with the game and shape up Hendotucky Cafe Rio!
3	seeings that it is located in an area where there is nothing good around here. it's pretty decent. the order taking line is sooooo far ahead of the cashier line its comical. (not really) they need a separate to go line for sure!! the decor is like the rest (its a chain) resembling a kindergarten class room. food is good, a bit pricey, but ok. it's really loud in there fair warning and turn up your hearing-aid and patience for the mass confusion in the ordering assembly line.
2	Let me just say I'm new to yelp and figured I must add a review.I been to this new location 3 times now and I can say I don't want to return. Went in a week ago to get my usual salad and while ordering my food I had to yell for them to hear me. I got to the cashier and she was very nice and told me the next time I come in I have a free meal on my stamp card considering I had 9 before I went in there. So I came in today to get my free meal and bought one also for a friend, a different cashier told me I would buy one meal and get one free. After paying I asked for a new stamp card and she handed me one with no stamps? Confused, I asked for a stamp and she told me I didn't have enough on my previous card to get one and argued with me. I had 10 stamps enough for one free and I bought a meal, but yet she couldn't give me a new stamp for the one I bought? Horrible customer service. Get it together.
2	The food is the same as any other Cafe Rio however the service is awful. In the middle of my order the food line person left. 10 minutes later another new employee came over and had no idea what order was who's. In the meantime  the food sat there getting cold. If you haven't been there yet go soon as I believe this location won't last long.
4	Yes Cafe Rio is a chain. OMG it's a CHAIN location for Americanized Mexican food! Let's all freak out and write bad reviews bashing chains! Not this review, not today. Hendertucky is short on good places to eat the further South on the 95 that one goes. And sometimes you just want fresh salsa, spicy queso, enchiladas, or a chicken salad on a day when you don't want to heat up the kitchen to cook something or drive 25 minutes or more to get it. Cafe Rio's newest location is a nice addition to the Southeast corner of Henderson...and after a couple of visits I've found a lot to like. It's very important to note that this location was working with corporate trainers until the first week of September 2014. The trainers are gone, and the staff I saw tonight on Thu 09/03/14 despite having a line 20 deep was smiling and downright hustling to get the food out. I called in an order for 4 people with everything from chips, guac, and queso to tacos, enchiladas and a chicken salad. Yeah I had to wait an extra 10 minutes past the time I was told my food would be ready. But rather than be a jerk about it I looked at the staff and watched as they busted their rear ends to get the food out. The ONLY complaint any of us had with our entire order was the chips were not finished correctly. But again this is a new location...and it takes time to work out the service kinks. So before people start doing their best Gordon Ramsey H***'s Kitchen imitations perhaps they should remember it takes time to get a restaurant, chain location or not up to speed. A little kindness and patience goes a long ways. 4 Stars. Service with a smile from the staff, order accuracy, salsa with some bite to it, and $40 worth of food enjoyed by everyone in this house has me going with 4 stars without the slightest hesitation. One more thing...the manager I talked to tonight...was going above and beyond to provide great customer service with comps and apologies and giving good feedback to the team to improve service delivery on the spot. I won't give 5 Stars this time around...but I did entertain the thought as I typed this based on my observations.
3	I have only been to Cafe Rio once. Wait, that isn't quite accurate... I have only EATEN at Cafe Rio once, at this location. I tried going to another location a while back while on my lunch break and ended up walking out due to a very long, slow moving line. Allison S. and I were planning on getting some take out and decided to give the new neighborhood Cafe Rio a try. When we walked in the line was insane, but for how many people that were waiting to order and pay it moved fairly quickly. It took us about 25 minutes total to get through the line, order and pay. It was also quite loud, which made hearing the employee while ordering difficult. I ended up ordering a grilled chicken salad. Not a fan of places like Cafe Rio that charge more for "fire grilled chicken" versus "chicken" but I still paid the extra buck to have fire-grilled chicken. As previously mentioned, the ordering process was chaotic so when asked, I said I'd take everything on the salad. Total damage for the salad only was a little over $10. A bit steep, but the serving was quite large. The food itself was good. Not great. Comparable to Chipotle (which I am not a huge fan of either) or Qdoba (which I prefer to this). That said, I still plan on returning to try other menu items.  Hopefully by the time I return some of the 'new business in the area' hype has died down.P.S. For whatever reason, this location isn't showing up on the website, so online ordering is not currently possible.
1	I give one star for a recommendation we were given by one of their employees to try the chicken and the gal at the cash register for knocking off a few bucks for the hasstle we had.  So excited this opened in a spot in the Vons plaza that has sat vacant since Starbucks came and went.  We almost walked out seeing the line but since the food is so good we decided to stay and wait and wait and wait for 20 minutes.  My husband is a steak kind of guy and after waiting we were told sorry we are out of steak.  I said for him to check with his manager and was told it would be another 20 minutes before it was ready.  What was interesting everyone was at their posts but the grill often times was left unattended. You should never run out of steak - come on.  So, here we are stuck if we didn't wait long we would have walked out.  We complained and then suggested they let everyone know in line.  It looked like to me there were not enough workers and no management on site.  I think undercover boss needs to come in and check this place out.  I will say we liked what we got all fresh food but after waiting and being hungry you are really eating so fast not enjoying the food.  Please get more help here.
1	I have been to cafe rio on Stephanie never a problem excited because this one is close to my house, ordered a cheese  enchilada and taco total confusion on line and just in general rude! Sat down enchilada was cold on the inside so I ask them to warm it and the manager took it and threw it in the trash remade it and took so long now my taco was cold so my husband takes my taco up and the the manager mumbles something rude under her breath about remaking it and when my husband ask for the manager she throws a business card at him and says that's me! The dining room is freezing! Won't go back to this one till they make some changes! They really need a new manager!
1	My wife just left the restaurant with 4 meals. All meals had no rice because they ran out. Called to complain and the manager was rude and told me that there was a sign stating no rice available. Wrong! There was no sign! Manager would not offer any free meal just chips and salsa. I will never give them.my business again! I'll patronize Wahoos right down the  street from now on!Don't come into our neighborhood and be all full of yourself and expect our business!
2	Been waiting for a long time for a place like this to be in my area and now that it is, I'm very disappointed.  The service was horrible, and nobody there looked like they were in charge.  The food was decent, though not as good as other cafe Rio's in the valley.
2	My burrito was given to someone else and I caught the mistake. Then our chips were not cooked so we asked for done ones and the manager comes back with a smart alec answer telling his cooks we want them extra crispy. No buddy, we just don't want them raw!!! The drive to Stephanie is world it. When you get the right food though it is very good.
1	I've been coming to cafe rio since someone stole his idea and called it cafe cabo. So it's been years. And I've been to the eastern location as well as the one in Stephanie. This one is TERRIBLE! a bunch of teenagers running the back. One yelling at her coworkers screaming profanities. The food was not as good as the other ones. My guacamole was black and old. Ew. And the WORST part of it all was the straws. Whoever owns this one must be too cheap. All the other locations have individually wrapped straws... This one has a pile of straws in the straw container UNWRAPPED! EW! Is that even complying with health codes?! So disgusting. All the peoples dirty hands ugh so gross. Needless to say I won't be returning to this one. Ew.
4	I like this place its not Authentic mexican food if thats what you are expecting you are an idiot , food is good and i like it not so impress with the youngtas working there tho they slack the lady that cleans can be more helpful than the kids working in the kitchen .
1	If you're craving CR don't stop at this location. The food assembly line is DISGUSTING! Rice in the beans, cheese in the cilantro,  plastic lids in the guac AND the sever had a hard time keeping her messy gloved finger out of the dressing....gross.This location is a disappointment.
1	I live really close to this location and was looking forward to it opening. I have gone to it a hand full of times now and they have been out of grilled chicken and grilled steak every time I have tried lunch and dinner times. Completely unacceptable especially for a new location that should be on top of their game.
1	Not so happy with this location right now. I went to get the special of the day (coconut shrimp) only to be "greeted" by an employee I had to speak too first. I walked  and she looked at me as though I had a third eye, so I said "hello" to her. I ordered the shrimp and they are out of the mango salsa that comes with it.. Only the main topping.. No big deal. Then, I decide to treat myself to dessert, key lime pie. They're put of pie. I then inquire the chocolate flan. Guess what? Don't have that either and no other desserts are made yet. It's 3pm. Alright.. Get home and try the rice. HARD and crunchy. They need to get it together! I even asked when they would have desserts for if there is a time of day things that I think should also be made are made. The cashier said anytime, just not now. Awesome. Thank you..
1	We have attended this location 3 different times. Unfortunately every time the people working the counter are extremely slow and the food is either too salty or under cooked (rice). This location needs to get its act together to keep up with the businesses around the area.
1	We were thrilled to finally get a Cafe Rio in our area.  However, after several visits we are ready to say goodbye to our new location and travel back to the Stephanie or Eastern locations.  The service here is horrible, the restaurant is freezing cold and the food is less than mediocre.  The servers are rude and when I ask for extra pico, I am treated like I am asking for something impossible!  It is time for management to step-up and take control and make some much needed changes!!!
1	I've been to this cafe rio several times and although the food isn't great, it's a closer drive than the cafe rio on Stephanie. Most times, their rice is hard, beans are undercooked or just look like they have been sitting out for days. Even the area where they make the food looks super unsanitary. Today I waited 30 minutes in line only to get to order and find out they're out of pork and chicken. If you're going to be out of something, you should at least tell the people waiting in line! I wouldn't suggest this location. I'd rather take the drive for better food and service.
1	We thought we would try this location because it is close to our house. We walked in at 6:30 pm and was suprised it was not that busy. We stood in a short line of 10 people and it still took 30 minutes to get our meal. My wife ordered chicken nachos and they were out of chicken and we had to wait for Kevin to cook it. The staff were nice but you can tell they are uninspired and lack direction. Never coming to this location again.
1	I have to say I love cafe rio! Their food is simple yet delicious, the service is great as well as consistent, and my appetite and tummy are always satisfied. However I've been to this location 3 different times and have not experienced any of these.. Even though it may be convenient for many of us here in henderson, please listen to the other reviews and DO NOT EAT AT THIS LOCATION ! New management is highly needed
1	Drive a couple extra minutes and go to Stephanie or Eastern.We went there on Friday 10/17 around 8 PM. From the time we walked in, all the employees were scrambling around doing their side work to close up shop even though they closed two hours later. The young woman behind the counter making our food could not hear us multiple times, which is fine, but at least have a little common courtesy. The word "what?" came out of her mouth about 16 times throughout the time we ordered. She was unfamiliar with the menu and how to prepare the food. She turned my daughter's quesadilla into what looked like pile of regurgitated cheese, chicken, and flour tortilla. They said they had no steak for my burrito and I was not told they were making more or more was on its way. I doubt they ran out that early on a Friday night and I'm sure they were just simply too lazy to cook more. When we checked out, the girl at the register tried to charge us for two extra sides of chicken which were never ordered.Inside and outside, the place looked a like a tornado tore through. Three of the tables still had trays with trash from previous guests that were there before. Both trash cans outside were overfilled with trash with some trash on the ground.It wasn't a good experience for my family at all and I don't think it will change anytime soon. I'm going to Stephanie next time and recommend you go to another location also.
1	Never had a worse experience at a Cafe Rio ever and I've been eating there for over 10 years. Walked in at 5:50 and didn't get my food until 6:27 and there were FIVE people in front of me in line. Staff was openly complaining about having to work on Halloween, picking up stuff off the ground with same gloves as handling food, ran out of all kinds of food by 6:30, kept burning things, food was scattered all over the place. They even let people come in the door about 6:15 and then told them at 6:30 they were closed. Whoever owns this one should never be allowed to own another one!
2	I love Cafe Rios food, but I've been dissapponted just about every time I've been to this location. I keep giving them a shot only based on the fact that they are newly opened and I understand that there are bugs to work out with training employees and such, but now that they've been open a couple months, there's just no excuse. Besides messy food assembly line, and poor customer service, the guacamole I got on my salad was brown and the lettuce wilted. And don't bother calling in an order. It does nothing. They wouldn't acknowledge that I was standing there waiting for my order and when they finally did, it was "sorry." THEN.....I had to go stand in line. Ugg! Skip this location and just drive down to Eastern or Stephanie. Seriously.
5	Staff was great last time we were there . Love the queso . Wish it were a little bit cheaper . But still go . Love that they do free quesadilla for kids under 2.
1	By far the worst experience I have ever had at a cafe rio! We walk in and aren't greeted by anyone and the place is a complete mess! The employees are just hanging around talking. We realize that there isn't very much of anything left, being that it was 8pm we figured they would be bringing out more, but NOPE. We asked the employee and she said they aren't making anymore food and suggest we go somewhere else. She then looked at my boyfriend and said "she's too pretty to eat here just take her somewhere else" the girls behind the counter were extremely rude and unprofessional.
1	Wow! OMG! Make it end! These are phrases I utter to myself whilst camping in the line at this particular Cafe Rio. I have no idea what transpired at this location but I would literally drive to the other side of town to get my Cafe Rio fix. I have been here a total of 3 times, each visit more disastrous than the last. One evening, like a Monday, they literally had no protein other than shredded chicken left. I also had to wait for lettuce. That's right kids, lettuce. Not sure if this is a franchise situation but owning the name and storefront doesn't excuse under staffing and poor inventory planning. Get it together!
1	I went here because i had a coupon and to avoid Stephanie street.The girls in the line are rude! mean and have no idea how to give a good costumer service! they don't listen or put attention to anything you are trying to say.They act like if they were doing you a favor.I won't comeback to this location! i don't care driving to the Stephanie location, where they always welcome you with a smile and staff is friendly and food is great! :)
1	Worse experience I have had at a Cafe Rio!Stood in line which moved about 3feet in 25 minutes.We left, along with many other people who were frustrated.Get it together!
1	Let me start by saying that I love Cafe Rio in general.  I have frequented the Eastern, Maryland, Stephanie, St. George and Provo locations.  I am kind of a Cafe Rio veteran.BUT I HATE the Horizon location. It is a frustration almost very time I go there.  I live right next to this location and have been there about 10 times because it is convenient.  I've just about had enough.  I probably should drive right past this location and go to the Stephanie location.  Or, because that is too far, across the street and eat Thai or Mediterranean. I have read the reviews on Yelp, and I agree with them.  The main problems can be summed up as:1) They have horrible supply management and run out of basic ingredients all the time.2) They have horrible supply management and run out of basic ingredients all the time. (x2)3) They have horrible supply management and run out of basic ingredients all the time. (x3)4) They have horrible supply management and run out of basic ingredients all the time. (x4)5) They are sloppy on the line and tend to mix ingredients.  Not the end of the world, but a bit unpleasant.So, out of the 10 times I have been there, they didn't have basic ingredients about 8 of those times.  My first time experiencing this, I had to wait for beans.  Another time I saw them run out of rice, which held up the line.  Twice I have waited for them to finish cooking pork while my family finished their meals.  I ended up with takeout.  I have seen them almost run out of cheese. I've seen them run out of tortillas. TORTILLAS!  That is, in part, what kept me in line for 25 minutes tonight.  (There were only about 15 people in the line when I got there.)  Tonight I decided I didn't want pork or chicken.  That leaves shredded beef and steak.  Guess what! After waiting 25 minutes in line and waiting for them to fix their tortilla shortage, I learned that they were out of steak AND beef.  I was told I would have to wait another 8 minutes for them to cook steak.  They didn't bother to give an ETA for the beef.  I ate pork.So, if they run out of rice, beans, tortillas, meat and almost cheese, what kind of a Mexican restaurant is this location?  Those ingredients are kind of what it means to serve Mexican food...CAFE RIO CORPORATE!  PLEASE, GET SOMEONE IN YOUR HORIZON STORE WHO KNOWS HOW TO MANAGE THE LINE.  SOMEONE WHO CAN TRAIN YOUR STAFF TO ANTICIPATE WHEN THEY NEED TO START PREPARING THE FOOD SO YOU DON'T RUN OUT.  8 OUT OF 10 TIMES IS BAD!!!! REALLY, REALLY BAD!!!!  IT HASN'T IMPROVED SINCE YOU OPENED THIS LOCATION!I also think the people there are slow workers.That being said, I really like Cafe Rio food.  And the people there seem to be friendly and apologetic.  Please, Cafe Rio Corporate, let me love this location!
4	Sunday dinner, 5pm. No crowd, checked menu board, proceeded to order. Because of the loud music it was hard to hear the counter person, they had to repeat themselves so we could order. I had the salad with the chile roast beef, tasty, but they were out of salsa and guacamole.  I was not sure my salad was supposed to have the guacamole until I came to Yelp to post and checked the menu. They should have told me, offered to bring it out when ready, or offer a discount,  'cause they charge for extra guacamole. I guess if you don't know what isn't there you don't miss it, but when you find out you feel cheated.
1	Service was awful!  I've heard it was bad, but it's worse than bad.  It's awful!  Food was okay.  I had to beg for my Chips and guacamole, which I paid $4.99 for.    We can eat anywhere in Henderson and Las Vegas and be treated 100% better.  So disappointed!
1	I usually love Cafe Rio but this location is terrible. I ordered my usual tostada and I noticed that the guacamole was starting to brown. The girl behind the counter just scooped out the brown bits then put the guacamole back. Then one of the girls behind the counter ended up starting an argument with another one of the workers in the back. I left the building very uncomfortable. When I got home and started eating, the rice was hard and stale. The barbacoa was overcooked and chewy. Needless to say I will never be going back to this location. The Stephanie location is now the only one I'm going to.
3	I love the food from cafe Rio but I have not had very good service at this location. I went in with a coupon, as did everyone else, and at 5:30 on a Friday night they were out of everything you could get without paying for an up charge. The woman in front of me complained about having to pay when they were out of what she wanted and the manager refused to allow a substitution. That defeats the purpose of sending out a coupon. It brought you the business and then you squashed any chance of getting repeat business when your service is like that!!
1	If I could give this location zero stars, I would. I have been a fan of Cafe Rio for a long time. Unfortunately, the Eastern location is the only one where I have gotten good, consistent service. There was only five people ahead of me in line. For restaurants like this, that is not very many people at all. The style of eatery can be compared to chipotle. I've been served faster at the eastern location with lines out the door. The people on the line should have spent less time giggling with each other and more time focused on getting people's orders together. Their whole food line was a mess. I had dressing spilled all over my dressing cup, grease and whatever else was on their counter all over my salad container, and food spilling from one container into others. One girl was swapping out the dressing, and did not care that it completely spilled into the cheese container. She acted like it did not even happen. My salad tastes okay, my only complaint about the food was my tortilla tastes really old and crunchy. The line took so long because there was no one at the stations. When someone finally asked what we wanted, he slid our salads down the line to no one! We stood at the toppings station for a good while before someone came over to help. The manager was completely clueless. He wasn't assertive and didn't tell his staff that they should stay put at their stations to get the line moving. It doesn't take four people to switch out a cheese container.
1	First, let me say that Cafe Rio as a whole is a good fast food choice.  I've been to other locations and have been satisfied.However, this location is very poorly managed.  Service is horrible, whatever the time of day and however many people are in line ahead of you, it's just painfully slow.  Amazing, really, given the 10-12 workers they have behind the counter. They are always out of items on the menu, and the obnoxious day manager just blames the night crew.  No apologies, no offer to try and make it right, just blame and a blank stare (pick something else! is implied, I guess).  I've given this place 5 or 6 chances now, but I won't be back.  Shame, really, since it's right down the street from where I live and would be very convenient.
1	I love Cafe Rio but every time I visit this location the service is the worst! The assembly line was a mess food everywhere.  After I got my order I paid the cashier then she left and walked away as I continued to wait for my receipt I finally just pulled it off the computer.  They were out of salsa and they were consistently running out of meat.  It was Wednesday at 4:45 and I was maybe the 5th or 6th person in line and it took almost 40mins. Afterwards I watched who seemed to be the supervisor mess with itching his head under his hat with his gloves on and then serve others.  Gross never going there again.
4	This place doesn't seem to be too popular with my Yelp pals, but I like it. I don't have a Cafe Rio too close to my house, so I'll admit that it's not something I'd choose as a regular dining destination.  However, this location is a convenient option for my work week when I don't bring anything from home and when I need a break from the crazy chicken place. My usual order is the shredded chicken breast enchiladas with black beans and rice. I'm also a fan of their freshly made tortillas.  Service has been efficient and friendly plus I've never had to wait in a long line, something that's very important when you're short on time.  I'll continue to be a fan as long as they keep serving up decent food in a timely manner--gracias!
1	Good food but consistent poor service-nobody acts like they care-don't bother ordering online- it'll actually take you longer once you get there then if you went thru the service line-I'll drive further to avoid this location which is sad because we need good places in the neighborhood.
3	Service was very friendly.  Soup was terrific and i forgot how LARGE their tacos were!  everything was very good although they could take a little more care and time in cleaning up the prep table... the fact that thats the main thing people see they should clean it a lot more often... very messy and gross!
1	Just picked up food from here about 9:00. First of all I ordered a barbacoa burrito and chips and queso. Went to pay he told me one price then switched it on me after he told me. Also thanks for serving me burnt queso dip. This is the worst cafe rio in town by far. Very inconsistent food and service the last few times I have been has been below par. Also your supposed to serve the same food an hour before you close that you do during the middle of the day. Don't give customers scraps because they come in late!
1	New manager, same problems since opening.  Asked for nachos with cheese and chicken.  First person in line rudely says there are no nachos so move down the line and we will get you some nachos.  Second person in line, the manager trying to keep things together, he takes control but I still end up am waiting for 15 minutes in the dining room.  He finally gets my nachos, melts the cheese and adds the chicken, then passes it down the line to a final third server.The third server gets yelled at to get my nachos done and he picks up someone else's cheese only nachos and asks me what I want on them.  No one in the line has any idea what is going on in this restaurant, blind leading the blind.  I correct his mistake because I am watching for a switch.  I then ask him to "add pico," and he adds pinto beans.  I can't start over so I take the order the way it is and leave.  Total time from entry to exit is 45 minutes and there were only a few people in line!What can I say the place is poorly managed, it has been since it opened and it still is to this day.  Better watch your food in this place because they don't have a clue.
1	This location has a poor staff.I now understand why people dine in.  It takes so long to get thru the ordering process and checking out that the food is cold by the time you get it.The gal putting the extras on orders was a sloppy, inefficient, wasteful mess.  Spilling everything she grabbed into every other item bin.  Not to mention having a terrible attitude.  I understand these employees are all probably paid minimum wage and are 17 or under in age but when I pay $13.00 for a Burrito that isn't even better than Chipotle with the poor service I received, it can't justify going back.The entire ordering and timing process needs to be examined and experience dramatic changes.  There was only 6 people in line in front of me and it took me 24mins from getting my order taken to checking out.
1	So sad...such great food and this location is a mess. Took 20 minutes to order and get my food with ONE person in front of me. Lady working was unhappy to say the least, and I stood at the counter after my food was done for 3 minutes before somebody else came over to ring me up (she was busy talking to friend that came to see her). She short charged me...didn't ring up enchilada style nor the queso dip. Normally I would correct her but I wasn't about to waste my energy helping such a pathetic group of employees. There were TWO guys eating and the place was trashed. Dirty tables, napkins strewn all over the floor...I will never go back to this location. Stephanie St. location is 100x better in every way possible. But hey, thanks for the free queso!
5	Cafe Rio has stepped up there game ... After  several times of bad customer service .. And being out of Chicken, Beef, tortillas and salad dressing..One time I was so furious and just walked out cause nobody seemed to care.  There is new staff and a new manager. And the last couple of times the service has been great. I haven't had any problem with my orders .. Thank You for making it right. Your Food is Great and I want to continue eating at this Great Restaurant.
