4	I have never had a better mani or pedi anywhere else in vegas...Nails places are tricky though.. it's really about the individual nail techs.  There is a nice asian woman named (pronounced) YOU-FREN, she is hands down the best. My $12 manicure quickly gets to $17 with the $5 french mani add-on. if they are not to busy, she will spend right under an hour!they take the time to massage your arms or legs for pedicures.I would have given them 5 stars but sometimes they are busy and will still try to lure you in with "10 MO MINIT"
5	One of the best Mani-Pedi's I've ever had. Very clean and professional.
1	Facial Waxing - DO NOT COME HERE.  NO WONDER WHY IT'S FOR $5She asked me to lay down and wait in the waxing room. Okay. The sheet covering the waxing table looked used. She finally came in and rushed into the wax without changing the stick or cleaning the area to be waxed. She just slapped a big wad of wax on my face and mostly to skin areas that did not need any waxing! I asked kindly to please slow down, you are putting wax in areas that is not needed. She became annoyed and kept doing what she was doing.  I got up, complained, stormed out of there and didn't pay! Dirty stick, hands and god knows what! I was livid!!
4	Had a great time here!I never had acrylic nails before and I went for a full set, very long... they did a great job and I had great fun with it.Staff was very nice and professional. This was cheap and no wait (granted I went during the day). Next time I am in Vegas, I'll do that again for sure!
1	Dirty. Use weird products (See posted picture).  I will never go again.
5	We were here in Vegas setting up for a convention and of course i beak my nail bad!  Its like completely in my flesh.  So I go searching for a nail salon thinking vegas would be either expensive or just poor  skill.  WRONG! I find this place that is pretty close to the strip and they are fast.  Fixed my broken nail in no time.  Really natural job.  My one thumb nail is gel and the other is just my nail and you cant tell the difference.  She painted them a beautiful color.  I asked how much...i was SHOCKED! $8.  Enough said.  Come here and leave happy :)
1	This was the worst nail experience of my life. I could have done a better job myself.  My nails are an inch thick.  She never even filed then down before piling on more pink and white powder so I have double the thickness.  She messed the white up so bad she had to paint the white tips on but still charged me for the white fill! My nails look ridiculous and I was charged a fortune.  I can't believe I payed for my nails to look even worse.
2	Bad:  The salon is run down. 2 of the the spa pedi chairs are asking to be put out to pasture. Good:  2 of the pedi chairs are pretty new, (go for the black ones) Big selection of nail colors. The ladies are very nice.
1	Took me in right away for a pedicure & gel paint change. Thought to myself cool quick service and then..... Asked for the girl to turn the massage chair on & she says sorry I don't know how & asked the other lady to turn it on & she says okay & never fricken turned it on. Then I turn to the left & see a sign that says don't touch control for massage chair , u will be charged blah blah blah. Since when do u go in for a pedicure & they charge to turn the massage chair on?? This place sucks. Rather go somewhere else & get both pedi & chair massage no extra charge!!
5	best manicure and Pedi...very quick and inexpensive!!  Friendly atmosphere
4	I enjoyed the foot massage and they did great job on my nails
1	Came here for a mani and pedi... Waiting in the spa chair for 45 minutes and I walked out! Very low staffed... Run down! Stay away!
1	I have tried to go here twice and each time i had to wait a long time, she said 1 hour so i said fine i will wait, i wanted a full set and low lights in my hair and i waited and waited and she finally tells me after an hour of waiting, i cant do your hair its too dark & she said she had a lady coming in to get her hair done for a wedding..so i waited forever & just wasted my time.
1	Overpriced for cheap work! Got my $45 gel fill on Sunday and this is what it was by Wednesday(pic). Went back to have them redo the awful work and surprise surprise the gel peeled off the very next day. Save your money and time go elsewhere.
5	Wow!  I can't begin to tell you how pleased I am with Y2K Nails!  Was on a desperate hunt to get my nails done Friday morning. My usual spot was late coming in "as usual" I didn't have time to wait today, so I yelped out and found Y2K!  Yeah! So glad I did! Amy did my nails and I love them! She did a wonderful job with my french tip! Cleaned up my cuticles for free! And the jell polish she finished then off with has them shining bright like diamonds!  I will ALWAYS return and encourage ANYONE looking to visit Amy, SHE IS THE BOMB! Thanks for such Stellar Service!  I will see you soon!
