5	If you're having a special party or a themed event, a Cuteology cake is the perfect treat!  Not only do these cakes taste delicious, but they are a great centerpiece to your party!  My son loved his Star Wars Cake - complete with Darth Vadar and Luke battling.  For my Halloween party I had a witches cauldron with dry ice giving the effect of the brew boiling over.  It was so unique!  I will definitely call Cuteology for my next party.  I love it that for any theme, Alyssa can come up with something fun!  As a bonus, she delivered the cake, so it was one less thing to worry about!
5	My friend hired Cuteology Cakes to do dessert tiers  for my recent baby shower.  They were absolutely adorable and delicious!  Not only were they presented beautifully, they tasted yummy.  There were three tiers made up of chocolate dipped oreos, red velvet cake balls, and banana chocolate mini cupcakes.  The guests loved them, as did I!
5	Cuteology Cakes created an AMAZING diving themed cake for my husband's 30th birthday. Alyssa was awesome with coming up with ideas and making a cake that was beyond what I even dreamed! I was so in love with it. Plus, it tasted every bit as good as it looked!
5	Alyssa from Cuteology Cakes is simply fantastic. I called over 10 bakeries before I found Alyssa online. We communicated via email & phone and she created the most amazing wedding cake for me: chocolate & vanilla layers with Oreo filling & blue iridescent buttercream roses with fondant ribbon. It was simply stunning; my guests oooed and ahhed over it all night. But by far the best part was the fact that it may have been the best cake I have ever tasted: moist, fresh, balanced flavors, not too sweet: perfection!My only regret is not meeting Alyssa face to face. She was the epitome of professionalism: prompt in her communications and eager to please the client. Her bubbly personality made it obvious that she truly enjoys what she does, and the proof is in her amazingly delicious product.
5	I'm so happy I found Cuteology Cakes to make the cake and cupcakes for my daughter's first birthday.  Alyssa was amazing to work with.  Her work was not only beautiful but delicious!!!  Everyone raved about how moist and delicious the cupcakes were.  I highly recommend Alyssa, I'm positive she will make you happy like she did us.
5	This update is coming a little late, but since my first review, I used Alyssa to do my daughter's cake and party favors for her 1st birthday and also for my friends baby shower.  This was my first time working directly with Alyssa to design my creation and she is so easy to work with.  She has a very hands on approach and never excludes any little detail.  The work she creates with fondant is beyond impeccable. The cake was so gorgeous it actually pained me a little to cut and eat it!  Same for the rice krispy treats she made as the favors.  We had so many guests comment on how beautiful the creations were.  Alyssa and Cuteology Cakes is worth every penny!
