5	Technically named Fresco Juice, anyone-who- is-anyone simply knows the place as "BingSoo." A small, simple spot in an inauspicious Chandler strip-mall, Fresco's has the corner on the BingSoo market in the Phoenix area. Come to think of it, I don't think there even is another BingSoo place in Phoenix... But if there was, Fresco could beat them blindfolded and with it's hands tied behind it's back. What?? You've never heard of BingSoo? Then friend, you are in for a better-than-sex (sorry, honey) taste sensation. BingSoo is an Asian-inspired dessert made of shaved ice, your choice of fresh sliced fruits and fruit sauces, and frozen yogurt or ice cream on the top. Fresco's sports a Starbuck's-style ambience, plus the Korean music videos projected on the wall. The sandwiches are fresh although nothing too spectacular, but the quality of the BingSoo alone deserves the 5-star rating.
5	At the A's game in Spring Training, we picked up the A's program and read it cover to cover. It turns out that there was an interview with Travis Buck, A's outfielder and AZ local. He was talking about all the stuff he likes and even specifically his favorite dessert. He mentioned this "Bingsoo" with BOBA on top. That got my attention right away. SG and I looked at each other and said, lets go! SO, after the game was over we decided to look up this Fresco juice place and find it. We pulled up the address on S. Alma School on the blackberry and headed off. Not knowing exactly how far it would be, we just drove and drove and drove until we realized that we really should have taken a freeway. We began doubting Travis, but continued on our way. We finally found it in a shopping mall near a target on the corner of S. Alma School and Queens Creek Rd. I recommend taking East 10 to get there and then heading East on Queens Creek Rd and then head about 3 miles east.We walked straight into this cute juice bar looking place with chairs and some lounge type seating. We quickly ordered single Bingsoos (that look like they are super huge). I got frozen yogurt, strawberries, pineapple, strawberry sauce and boba on top. SG got frozen yogurt, strawberries, mango, and strawberry sauce. We both started taking bites before we realized that there was probably a method to this. We then realized there was plain shaved ice underneath and it needed to be mixed up. So now fully mixed it was time to try this out. WOW!!! This is GREAT. Imagine a smoothie with frozen yogurt, little flakes of ice for cold and texture, fresh fruit, a little surgary strawberry sauce and for me BOBA!!! PERFECT. Who thought of this? Well that I do not know but it reminds me a bit of Halo Halo too. We loved this place so much that we extended an out of the way gas run on the back from Tucson that made us even later than we were for another baseball game to come again. I replaced my first combo pineapple for mango. MMMMMMM..... YUMMY!! This place is truly the gem of our trip and thanks to Travis Buck and the A's program for guiding us here. Is there a way to get this place into the bay area? Hello, franchise opportunity. I will be a regular customer, I promise!!!!!Check it out. Even if you are having to drive 20+ minutes to get here, you should try it. You can get the bingsoo with ice cream too.
3	Haven't been here in a while but I miss their mango drink. Yumm...  I always enjoyed their super fresh Tuna sandwich. Plus you can watch them as they prepare it. Cute little place in the Basha's shopping center. There is a Wells Fargo in the shopping center and Paradise Bakery is across the street. Will be going here soon. See ya there!!!!!!!!!!!!Update: Went there again about a month ago and a totally different experience. The mango drink was horrible and watery. eeww.
5	During the summertime I live on bingsoo. In fact, during the wintertime I live on bingsoo as well. Because it's that damn good. Everyone here is super friendly too. That may be because I come in 3 times a week though. You can even get a little frequent buyers punch card and after your 10th bingsoo or whatever you get you get a free one. Awwwee yeeahh. I've heard that the bingsoo they serve here isn't "authentic", but who cares - it's to die for.
5	OMG!  I am a boba addict.  When I read about Fresco here on Yelp! and saw how close it was to my home, I just had to try it.  I went there and ordered the Bingsoo.  I asked the gentleman behind the counter if he suggested yogurt or ice cream, and he said yogurt.  I'm not a huge fan of exotic fruits (or berries for that matter) and he told me I could choose 3 fruits and one fruit sauce.  Being the boring fruit eater that I am, I chose banana and double pineapple with strawberry sauce.  And, of course BOBA.  I asked him if there was a specific way to eat it and he told me to mix it all up.  I did and was in heaven from the first bite.  It was amazingly refreshing, as well as just downright delish.  I will be visiting this place regularly on the weekends for a bingsoo fix, but this morning I will try their milk tea with, of course ... BOBA!I HIGHLY recommend this place.  5 stars for sure!!!
5	Bingsoo is so good. I totally love this place. My wife and I will drive from Ahwatukee at the drop of a hat to get our fix. My only suggestion would be to call ahead if you don't want to wait.
5	If you've never had or even heard of bingsoo you NEED to check this place out. I have two friends who were constantly bantering about bingsoo and this Fresco place. I was excited when I found out it was so close to my house. If you've never heard of it, this is how it goes down. It's a layer of shaved ice, then you have your choice of ice cream or FF frozen yogurt, your choice of fresh fruit off the menu (apples, strawberry, mango, banana kiwi and many others) and then your choice of "sauce" which is a fruit puree of either strawberry, kiwi or mango and honey. You mix it all together and there you have it. A somewhat healthy dessert! They even have a frequent bingsoo buyers card =) This place isn't just all about the bingsoo though. They have a menu of fresh sandwiches and fruit juices too!
4	That is some tasty bingsoo.  Mango sauce.  Yogurt.  Boba.  Now I just need me some green tea to top it off and I'll be good to go.The two IKEA springy cushion chairs on the wood deck in the front door are pretty sweet if you are lucky enough to score them.  The rule is that when people walk by the store, you need to freeze and pretend like you're a store display.
5	Light!  Refreshing!    We tried Fresco (and bingsoo) for the first time Saturday night.  Did I mention it was light and refreshing?These folks take pride in the product they sell.  Light, refreshing (did I mention that yet) frozen yogurt and carefully sliced fresh fruit on top of finely shaved ice with a drizzle of mango glaze.  Light and refreshing and so much healthier than DQ.  We'll be back for more and to try the boba.
5	Went back again on two subsequent Scottsdale trips. It doesn't matter how far we have to drive, who we can get to go with us, we are going here. And this place never lets us down. The boba pearls on my BingSoo are perfect. The fruit is SOOO fresh. And now they know that Travis buck and one of the players from the Dodgers come here and proudly display their autographed ball caps. I love this place and will make a special trip out here every time we go!
5	What is bingsoo? well, here's how it went downyou select 3 fresh fruits1 fruit pureeyogurt or icecream (the yogurt isn't tart and what they recommend, it's sweet and delicious) then they take a bowl, put in shaved ice, the yogurt/ice cream, the fruits, and puree. you mix it all together and enjoy.my recommendation is to ask for light to medium ice shavings, mine got a bit too cold and it started to numb all of the flavors. but i enjoy the texture from the ice so it's definitely a must. allll of this for less than $5!!! any other yogurt place would cost you much more for all of these fresh ingredients, even extra toppings are only $.25the guy who was working was very sweet, great place. i cant wait to go back
3	This place is in the strip mall next to Target and Basha's.  It's kinda hard to spot so be patient and drive slowly to spot it.  The interior is really cute and it was pretty busy when we went around 9pm on Sat.  It is Korean owned and they are very friendly.  We ordered the 3 topping single bingsoo and milk tea with boba.  The frozen yogurt in the bingsoo was very yummy...it actually tasted like ice cream...really, it was good.  Boba on the other hand was horrible....I should have known when I saw other people ordering exclusively bingsoo but I couldn't help it.  I was curious to see if this place can be better than The Street.  *Service = really nice*Decor = cute*Food = boba was horrible...believe me they were hard, tasteless, and starchy.If you are still contemplating what to order after reading this review...let me make it clear + simple for you:                      Bingsoo = GOOD GOOD GOOD                      Boba = BAD BAD BAD
4	I finally tried bingsoo. I ordered mine with banana, mango and pineapple with mango sauce and frozen yogurt. The frozen yogurt is divine! I wish I would have discovered this when it was 115 degrees outside, but its still good when the weather is a chilly 80 degrees. The shop is a cute little place in a strip mall. It is very clean and inviting. This is a super tasty refreshing treat and I will definitely be back.
3	bingsoo: yogurt, shaved ice, fresh fruit.the yogurt makes the shaved ice deliciously creamy and the shaved ice keeps the yogurt frozen longer so you can enjoy it more. the fruits look, smell, and taste great, but they kinda get frozen in the mix. also, the place was deserted when we went, which gave it a somewhat depressing feel.
5	Bingsoo is incredible. Yummy frozen yogurt and fruit - it seems healthy and tastes great. Warning - dont add the red beans to the bingsoo. Not sure why anyone would want it, but we tried it and it completely ruined the dessert. Go for the boba add-on instead
4	Bing-effing-Soo. My new favorite thing in life. If you're like me, you've probably never heard of "Bingsoo" before. It's one of those things that makes me feel like I'm not as culturally aware as I think I am. Bingsoo is a Korean dessert which works like this: -You take a bowl and fill the bottom portion with shaved ice. -You take some frozen yogurt and plop it on top of the shaved ice. -Sprinkle in a healthy serving of fresh fruit into the mix. (your choice of what) -Finally add a fruit puree to top it off. ...now if you're a finicky eater like me, then your first instinct might be to try and eat the Bingsoo as it is served in different layers...don't do it...this is one instance where you wanna bring back your inner first grader, and just mix it all up into a mush. Trust me...it's absolutely delicious that way. If you're a bit crazy...add some boba balls into the mix, to top it all off...why not. If you mix it all up, you'll be left with a blissful bowl of icy/fruity goodness. I can't believe it took me 27 years of walking this earth to discover that shaved ice mixed with yogurt and fruit could be such a heavenly (and healthy) treat. They also serve boba tea and all sorts of other random smoothies, drinks and desserts...but you come here for the Bingsoo. I really hope Bingsoo catches on, because if the mainstream public could taste this stuff they'd be hooked...most people in America just haven't heard of it I'm assuming, so they don't know what they're missing. I'm not aware of any other place in the valley that serves this up besides Fresco...I could be wrong though. You heard it here... Add Bingsoo to your 'toodoo' list. 4/5
5	Your life would not truly be complete if you haven't tried bingsoo.Go there with a few people and share the largest bowl, so you can get a sample of everything available.It is as delicious as all the reviews has described it to be.They have really good boba drinks as well.  This place seriously and easily trumps any "yo-go" place out there.  It is in a league of its own.
4	Small shop in a strip mall.  Bingsoo is so tasty with frozen yogurt!  Owner is very friendly.
5	If you live within 10 miles of this place and don't go at least once a week, you are doing yourself a disservice. Every time I am in the area, I MUST drop in for a bingsoo. It never disappoints. The word "refreshing" comes to mind every time. Can't go wrong with mango, pineapple, strawberries, with mango sauce. Top it off with boba and you've got the best dessert around. Seriously, you need to go... now.
