4	Friendly employees. The Food comes out fast and they keep your drinks refilled. I was originally going to order the Belgium Waffle Combo with Eggs and Sausage. But the server suggested the Ham and Egg Combo with Hashbrowns and you get a half of waffle with strawberries and bananas. Im glad she did. It was delicious.  What is a little odd is when you walk inside at 1130 pm and the server has her what appeared to be 8 yr old son working there. Im sure some sort of labor law is most def being violated. Will i go back?? Hmm Maybe ill visit Dennys next time in the same lot.
2	Oh IHOP, as far as breakfast places go, you are a staple, aren't you?I've been to this IHOP on numerous occasions with my fiance. He likes IHOP, I go with him to IHOP. I used to frequent this place when I was in high school with my friends.Overall it's just your normal, run of the mill pancake house. Often they have random promotions going on for whatever new kid-flick may be out at the time. The servers get issued garments to wear, blasting the movie in your face, as does their "new menu items"!I usually go with pancakes or an omelet. Every once and awhile I may order off the dinner menu, but not too often. Their breakfast items are staples and they tend to do them right. Just keep in mind the huge-ass portions you're getting. I tend not to eat my entire meal.This particular IHOP is in the GHETT-O! Because it is the closest to my house is the only reason we come here. The service is usually spot-on and the servers are nice. I've experience better IHOP's though. And I've experienced MUCH better places to eat breakfast.
1	International House of Pancakes...but where are the international pancake choices? OH :O?!I gave this IHOP a 1 start because the coffee tasted like watery coffee and the pancakes my boyfriend got, which were chocolate chips, didn't really taste like chocolate unless you got some of the small chips in it...I got the hearty nut and grains ones with the blueberry which were too soft since it fell apart every time i picked it up...on the other hand, it's IHOP so oh well YOLO!
1	On September 13, 2014 we went to this IHOP again. We were seated and given menus but after that we were completely ignored. The server never did come back to take our order and after about 15 minutes of waiting we got up and left the restaurant, unable to even order our food.Extremely poor service.
4	IHOP.  Funny waiters. Great place to bring the family. I recommend anyone to go and eat their breakfast platters.
2	IHOP is IHOP.... so the 2 star rating is not for the nation wide chain, it's for this specific location. This IHOP has really really bad service, food takes a long time to show up, drink refiles never come, and it's not as clean as I would like.
2	Food was decent it's only IHOP nothing amazing.
3	The food was yum, and our server was cheerful and helpful, the food took longer normal and getting seated and paying took a long time as well :( over all it was an ok experience but nothing too great
3	I give this place a three due to the bad service. But I really love the food. I had the tootie fruity and it never disappoints me.
2	It takes awhile to get a seat, even if it's not busy. And every time I go there I pay with debit and on top of the tip I leave them they take an extra 10%, no matter how large the bill is.
1	The rest room smells bad big time! They really should do something about the smell.Everything was delish as usual!
4	i prefer breakfast its plentyful and the price is right, however i sometimes do dinner. i am really not a fan of dinner at ihop. not a lot of selection and the price is higher than i think it should be for an ihop. service is great though, i have been going for years.
4	Dyanna our server was fast and very friendly.  Order came out hot and correct. Nice job everyone.
