5	OK. Just so you know. When they arrive at your door with your ice, they've already heard "OH!. THE ICEMAN COMETH"! Or "OH, IT'S SO nICEEEEE TO SEE YOU"! Or "ICE ICE BABY ICE ICE BABY"! Hey, I'm just looking out for ya. I have to say, AZ Iceman has saved my icey ass on more than one occassion. Usually the ice machine next to my office is so loud producing cubes I fear a major hail storm has moved in and nobody has alerted me. Lately. Not so much. She's a tempermental one, that ice machine. So a call to AZ Iceman yields an always polite employee who quickly dispatches the Iceman. Soon my cocktails, teas and sodas are fizzy, happy and cold once again. Like Liza Minelli on her wedding night. I don't know what kinda deal you would get, but I shelled out around $70 for 400 pounds of ice. Yes. You heard me. Four hundred pounds. It's like having Carney Wilson delivered, only in the form of ice cubes. I c u soon.
1	I have used AZ Iceman for 2 years to do a snow party. The first year they were reliable, on time & I got a slide & enough snow.  The second year, I had booked the service a few months earlier & ordered a slide & 12 tons on snow. One the morning of the snow party 1 truck showed up with 8 tons of ice to make snow, no slide and no phone call to let me know the slide was not coming. We ended up ordering another 12 tons of snow to make a slide, I was offered a discount on 8 tons of snow. I had to repeatedly call them to follow up with them. The slide was in Tucson & was not going to be up in Phoenix until the Monday even though I had ordered it and paid for it. The service on the day of and after the event was below par. I have found a much better company in town to handle this yearly event and will happily give them our money. I have heard AZ Iceman has not shown up to events around town, leaving kids without the snow promised.  Not a good experience and I was really disappointed with the lack of service and courtesy.
1	Very disappointed with the lack of reliability--they were 1 hour late.I had booked them 2 months in advance, seeing positive reviews online . I confirmed the week prior and had promoted the event.  On the day of the event, an employee called, asking if it could be moved to earlier.  I explained that we had already sent a press release and needed the event to be at the agreed upon time.  He said "Okay" and when I called later to confirm, the receptionist confirmed the original time.When he was late for the event, I began calling and was told he was 30 minutes late.  He ended up being 1 hour late.  This was frustrating for those waiting for the snow, as well as the media.  It was personally embarrassing for me as the event planner.When he arrived, he explained that he had been double-booked.  I wish he had explained that before, so we could have at least partially adapted.  Very frustrating and the participants were disappointed.  I will never be using them again and I would not recommend their service.
5	I attended an event at the Starr Pass Marriott in Tucson where Arizona Ice Man provided snow for a holiday event. They did a great job and were very professional. I was amazed at how much snow it takes to properly cover an area but they did an excellent job and the kids all loved it. Gene the owner was awesome!
5	I had the absolute best experience with Arizona iceman. Not only were the prices fair but the staff was very professional. They are willing to work with you if you had any questions or concerns. I had tried other services previously before I found AZ iceman and I will now continue to use them for our future snow events.(Ps, I had recommended them to a family friend who ordered a ice luge, and it was fantastic! Such a fun element to being to the party!)
5	My family held a going away party for my daughter who was moving out of state to Hawaii. We ordered an ice luge for the event. The owner suggested a palm tree in keeping with the Hawaiian theme. It was delivered and set up in a very timely manner. The guys were very friendly and helpful. Everyone enjoyed the luge so much - it was the hit of the party. I will definitely use AZ Iceman again!
1	Very disappointed with the lack of reliability--they were 1 hour late.I had booked them 2 months in advance, seeing positive reviews online . I confirmed the week prior and had promoted the event.  On the day of the event, an employee called, asking if it could be moved to earlier.  I explained that we had already sent a press release and needed the event to be at the agreed upon time.  He said "Okay" and when I called later to confirm, the receptionist confirmed the original time.When he was late for the event, I began calling and was told he was 30 minutes late.  He ended up being 1 hour late.  This was frustrating for those waiting for the snow, as well as the media.  It was personally embarrassing for me as the event planner.When he arrived, he explained that he had been double-booked.  I wish he had explained that before, so we could have at least partially adapted.  Very frustrating and the participants were disappointed.  I will never be using them again and I would not recommend their service.
