5	Great management!  Love this auto shop. So helpful. Will bring my car here anytime I need a tune up. Fixed my AC wicked fast.
5	Took my car in today without an appt.  They were very helpful and had the brakes and drive belt replaced within a couple of hours.  Free wifi in the waiting room was a definite bonus.  I would def take my car here again.
1	Great disappointment! The day after my wife had an oil change and tire rotation I noticed all four tires needed air. My expectation was that was part of the Midas Touch Courtesty Check. Under inflated tires is a safety issue that should have been corrected when I took my car there for service. It make me wonder what other services were not preformed on my wife's car. Courtesty service or paid for. That is the last time I trust Midas to do anything to my auto.
5	Took my car in without an appointment because the engine was smoking. Needed new belts and my ac compressor had seized. They did a great job, Richard the manager explained everything, they  were done in about 2 hours and the price was great. Plus free Wifi in the lobby.Yesterday I took it in for an oil change, I asked for a brake inspection because they've been squeaking. Pete was wonderful, explained everything, even took me in the shop and gave me a 'brakes 101 lesson' which means a lot since I'm female. I even got my hands dirty touching the worn out rotors and pads! I asked to see the pads they replaced and no problem, he showed me the worn out ones and even opened up a new box to show me what they should look like! He also printed out what the manufacturer suggests and what I would need in the future.Talk about an honest shop and the most helpful mechanic I've ever met! Anytime I need work on my car, this is where I'll go!Way to go Pete and Midas!
1	I tried to make an online reservation, but no bueno. The website says an associate will call back in an hour, but I waited 2 hours until I finally called. I was told if I got my car there by 4pm they could get me in. I was there by 4:10, and was told they could not get me in. Wtf? No wonder they have to sell deals on Groupon, their customer service is terrible.
1	Had an appointment for 12 today for an oil change. Went in and Richard the idiot manager told me it would be ready in an hour. Ok no problem will go to lunch. Get back there and my car hasnt even been touched. Richard the idiot dosent even remember who I am from an hour before " Can I help you??" HUH...coming to pick up my car. idiot says "oh its not ready yet...the bays are blocked with this truck" another customer says to me when he leaves....that truck just got here hes lying" YA THINK!!!! You think you could have called me to let me know?????? Told him to **** off and left.
1	I purchased a Groupon for an oil change but after upgrading to Synthetic oil I ended paying $94 in top of the $15.00 for the original oil change. Honesty? I didn't get it at this location. No Savings at all, you will be scam is no way out. You will see it. Also they give a price $239 for rear brakes pad but they did not get me here, I got it done for $89.00.
1	This is the the most dishonest car shop I have ever been to, utterly disgusted at the conduct and lack of ethics of the employees who work here.A few weeks ago I noticed that two of the tail lights on my Acura were out. I took it in Midas as they were the closest shop and knew they were open on Sundays. The window signage stated clearly: free estimates. After waiting for nearly an hour, the technician informed me that since it was an electrical problem, they would have to charge me a diagnostic fee of $75 despite the window stating the contrary.After complaining about why did they didn't tell me this an hour ago, they went ahead and honored their policy. They told me that for whatever reason, the 'light switch' went out and had to be replaced at a cost of around $200. I was about to agree to the repairs, until a woman walked in the lobby complaining about her car overheating again despite having it brought in to this shop 3 times and paying each time.This was enough to turn me off to the repairs and I ultimately drove home, tail lights still malfunctioning. After speaking to my friends, they recommended I check out Hondatronics (see my review for them). I took my car down there the next day and informed the lady working there of the problem, I even mentioned that Midas had told me that the light switch had to be replaced. About an hour later, I got a call back from Hondatronic stating that they had fixed the problem: 2 bulbs which had blown. Total cost: $15. THANK GOD I DID NOT LET MIDAS DO ANY REPAIRS ON MY CAR. I don't know how they were talking about replacing some part for $200 when all they had to do was replace 2 bulbs. I can't believe this place is still in business. Judging by the other reviews here, its clear that ripping people off is the way this shady shop makes their money. Save your money, time, and go somewhere else.
5	This is the best auto care I've received since I moved to Vegas (over 3 years ago). I am not one to give 5 stars easily, however I have been misled and I have paid around $700 and my problems were still not fixed. They diagnosed my car and had me in and out in a reasonable amount of time. Thank you Craig & Kevin
1	HORRIBLE! I WAS a customer of this place for several years, until new management took over within the last couple years. Took my truck in for a coolant system issue, and was told I needed a BRAND NEW RADIATOR. After everything, and a "$100 great customer" discount, I was quoted $1,200. I went to the Big O across the street from this terrible Midas, and was quoted $500, and my radiator was JUST FINE. I will never go back to this Midas, as now they're just a bunch of con-men. No wonder their business is so slow now.
1	Don't go here at all even for an oil change. Went in for an oil change and they were trying to sell me a new water pump because mine was bad. Took my car down to the dealership and it checked out okay. Word of advice before getting anything done by Midas make sure you double check else where!!
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!  IF MIDAS DOESN'T WANT TO HONOR A GROUPON PURCHASED BY A CUSTOMER THEY SHOULDN'T FABRICATE WORK THAT NEEDS TO BE DONE ON YOUR CAR!!!!My car A/C went out two weeks ago and luckily I found a GROUPON for MIDAS (A/C-recharge service for a car with up to 32 oz of freon $59.99) I finally got enough time to take it in so I made an appointment.  I told the guy my A/C went out but hot air is still blowing from the vents. The heating still works perfectly fine; however, every time I switch to the air conditioning I can hear a hissing sound. I told him I was pretty sure I needed the A/C recharge and I handed him the Groupon.  He says, "Sure, we'll take a look at it." About an hour and a half later the guy says, "Ok I got some bad news."  He gives all this mumbo jumbo about what's wrong and all I hear is $1,063.04! I was SHOCKED AND DUMBFOUNDED!  I asked him, so the A/C recharge didn't work at all?"  He says no.  I told him that I was pretty shocked by that because I've only had this car since January 2013 and I know the guy I bought it from did extensive replacement of most of hoses and belts.  I say to him, "So what EXACTLY do I need done to make my A/C work?"  He gives me the mumbo jumbo again.  Finally I asked him for an estimate with EXACTLY what needed to be done in order for my A/C to work and a second with all the other things that were wrong.  Now, mind you... he said they performed the A/C rechargeinspection.  And the estimate stated it as well.FULL ESTIMATE:*A/C Hose : remove & replace PARTS: $154.65 LABOR: $159.68*Radiator: remove & replace PARTS: $199.99 LABOR: $349.30*EXTENDED LIFE COOLANT FLUSH SERVICEComplete cooling system flush with extended life antifreeze/coolant PARTS: $101.45 LABOR: $8.59TOTAL PARTS: $456.09TOTAL LABOR: $517.52TOTAL: $1,063.04So I looked at this and I asked so if I had you replace the A/C Hose right now my air conditioning will 100% be working again?  He said, "Yes that's what you need done in order for you A/C to work.  (Mind you that estimate is only $349.31) I asked, "So you're saying I have a leak in my radiator, right? Wouldn't I see the liquid leaking from underneath my car?"  He looks at me and says, " Not necessarily."  I basically told him I wanted to think about it but in reality I wanted a second opinion because I just didn't believe him.     The next morning I went to Auto Tech (I go here because for the past 3 years I've been buying a Groupon for Unlimited Oil Changes for $39). I asked them why my air wasn't working and if they check if my A/C hose needed to be replaced. They told me no and it just looked like I just need an A/C recharge.  This made me pretty pissed off.  I called a friend and they told me that Jiffy Lube offers the A/C recharge but that if it doesn't work and your air conditioning isn't working afterward, you do not pay a cent.  So I headed straight there.  2 hours later... my air conditioning was working like new!  AND... only cost $160.60!!!!!!  I WILL NEVER RETURN TO THIS PLACE AND I PLAN ON TAKING FURTHER ACTION!!!!  IT'S HORRIBLE THAT THEY NEED TO DO THIS TO PEOPLE!!!!!
5	I'm new to the Las Vegas and Henderson area and bought a used car a few months ago. Being a female I'm really skeptical about going to car repair shops in fear of over pricing and telling me I need unnecessary repairs. However, I was in a desperate situation as my one and only way of transportation started to over heat and Midas was the closest place I could get to. I called beforehand and inquired about prices regarding diagnostic tests and Dan was pleasant and helpful. He mentioned that I should bring the car in at least by 4p since they close at 6p. I got there close to 5p and they gladly were able to get the diagnostic going. In about 10 minutes they let me know what the problem was and  what my options were. Dan quoted me for a portion of the service and I agreed since I couldn't afford the whole repair. It got to about 615p and the issue still wasn't resolved. I didn't know what was going on but Dan made sure that things were taken care of. Him and his mechanic did several tests and even drove it out a few times up and down the street to see if the problem was fixed. At 730p Dan finally came to let me know that the car was done and that he had his mechanic fix an additional problem free of charge. I am so thankful that Dan and mechanic were able to resolve the issue, go the extra mile to fix another problem and on top of that stayed well past closing time. I will definitely go back to see them to get the rest of my repairs. They truly saved the day!!
1	Took my car to Midas when it needed a new radiator.  About 2 months later noticed the car was leaking, not accelerating right, and basically sounded like a vacuum cleaner. Dropped it off after hours and they called me at around 9am next day saying they had to take the engine out of the car and it needed new gaskets. Total cost $2,100. Considering they 'd only been open an hour, how'd they take engine out of car in such short time?Took it to my dad and he found that the radiator hose was loose which is what was causing the problems. He tightened the radiator hose and now the car runs fine.  They take advantage of people there,  I do not recommend.
5	I will never take my car anywhere else! Dan the manager was incredibly honest and professional and very very helpful. I had been lied to by Ted Wiens and completely ripped off, Dan and his team of mechanics helped me remedy the issue at a discounted price. The mechanic let me into the work area and showed me exactly what was wrong with my car and proved the the rotors in the rear were beyond repair. He also showed me what was wrong with my control arms bushings and told me he didn't recommend that I let them get worse but said if I absolutely had to they would be ok for a little while, again nothing but honesty!!! No one will ever touch my vehicle but them from now on, not even an oil change!!! Thank you Dan and team, you have earned a very loyal customer!!!
