3	Chez Cora is somewhat of a cookie cutter breakfast franchise.  The bright yellow smiley sun and cute cartoons that adorn the restaurant pretty much attracts the old people and families. The menu is in French and has pictures to accompany the dishes.I opted for the Sassarin Surprise. It was 3 sausages wrapped in a buckwheat crepes accompanied by fruits. The fruits were like a boquet. The apple was cut like a flower, the watermelon was carved, the strawberries were sliced, etc. My only complaint was that the grapes were a little waxy. But overall, my dish was yummy and somewhat healthy.The stand out dish at Chez Cora was the crepe. I have never seen a crepe that big before. It was like a Dosa from Vik's in Berkeley. The crepe was bigger than a footlong at Subway. And if you like chocolate, I think a whole jar of nutella was placed in this crepe. My friend had to scrape out the extra chocolate and put it in a bowl. Chez Cora was fun. The staff was really nice to us. We were a big group of 12. They were unable to seat us together so we just sat three tables in a row. Not a big deal. The whole joint is pretty casual.
3	This place reminds me of Denny's in America.  Its a diner located in a hotel and came here for a quick lunch.  Had the savory crepes that exceeded my expectations and their fruit crepes were good too!  Very fresh and very french!
4	It seemed like the Denny's of Montreal. Mediocre breakfast. The type of place that isn't bad, but the type of place you go to when you have no other better options.
1	What has happened to my Chez Cora? About three years ago Cora was delicious, my favorite was the now closed one on Rue Sherbrooke. I came to this location, desperately craving some English Cream Cora Style. Such disappointment ensued. My French isn't perfect, but it's good enough for a girl from Cleveland with a dad from Montreal. The waitress greeted us in French, I responded. She asked what we wanted to drink, I responded. She ignored me and stared at my boyfriend, who was clueless and relied on my translations for most of our trip. She then started speaking English, meanly, still ignoring me. I ordered some coffee and then some water because my breakfast was dry. The water was lukewarm, without ice. No refills on water were given to my boyfriend or me. I at least had coffee to drink, but the bf only had his empty water glass for his entire meal. I ordered the current special during mid-August, the crunchy crepe. It was horrible. The crepe was mostly empty. The fruit that came with it was sparse. I had no water to help wash down the dry crepe. Even coffee wasn't helping. Our waitress had officially disappeared. 30 minutes later, she pops back to ask if we need anything else. We nicely ask for more water and the check. 20 more minutes pass, no check. No water. We finally get her attention so we can pay and leave. We were really hoping someone else at the register would've helped us so we would have felt better about tipping her what she actually deserved. Since she rang us out, she got more than we wanted to give her on our credit card transaction. My fond memories of Cora are just that: fond memories. I'm not sure if I'll return next time I'm visiting my family. I'll probably go somewhere else. But at least they have free wireless!
1	Ditto !
