5	The girls here are so nice and very beautiful! I have never had such nice service. Also, best tanning deals in Tempe AZ!!
5	I just went in today and tiyler welcomed me with a beautiful smile at the front desk.she was super knowledgable of tanning she was so nice and recommended this awesome lotion that smells super nice!  The place was super clean as always and its always an enjoyable experience.
1	Palm beach hours say they open at 8am. I showed up at 8:10am, salon was still closed. I understand people oversleep, etc but these are the people your trusting with your tanning experience. Low responsibility and reliability. I stayed until 8:40am and still no one was there.
5	I just wanted to put in a compliment for a pleasant associate that helped me today - Lizzie.  She was *ULTRA* professional and good under pressure.  The place was busy when I went in for a tan for the first time in years (I am a former Palm Beach Tan customer from the Chicago locations).  She really did a great job giving me the full tour/refresh, and explaining everything to me quickly with a bubbly attitude and demeanor as if I was the first customer of the day even though I came in late in the day.  She knew her stuff and she represented your brand very well.
4	I started writing a review when they first bought out the previous darque tan but wanted to give it some time for my opinion to ferment, if you will, so have a initial and now review.INITIAL:lot more expensive than the previous darque tan that was here which isn't validated whatsoever,  everything is exactly the same. I think it's completely ridiculous that they failed to honor my resigning contract from darque tan. I was supposed to receive a $25 surplus for resigning due to the fact that they wouldn't hold my account for over 2 months while I was away. They are a lot more focused on selling retail products in almost an invasive "peer pressure" sort of way, stay strong mighty stingrays! It's annoying that when I come in the level 2 beds that I pay to use are always taken, thus making me wait at least 20 minutes (ain't no one got time for that).NOW: I am a lot happier with Palm Beach tanning, their employees are friendly and knowledgeable especially Lizzy, she's great, I don't even have to say my name anymore . I'm not sure what happened, if they prices drove people away but it's never crowded anymore.  Their hours are a lot longer which is nice for flexibility. They seem a lot more efficient than the other tanning company and the employees are more professional.
