4	Service was great.  Dropped off on Friday and they were ready by Tuesday, I had two pairs of pants hemmed.  I don't often have things hemmed or taken in, so I don't know if they were a good price, but I think a little pricey.  $28 for two pairs.  Over all friendly and would return.
4	Rocky's is no longer located on Center Ave.  They moved up a few blocks on Liberty.  I updated this information and hopefully the changes will be reflected soon.I took two pairs of pants to Rockys to be hemmed.  The store is neat and clean and offers plenty of privacy for changing in and out of your clothes.  I dropped the pants off on Monday and he said he could have them done by Thursday, but I wasn't in a hurry so I gave him a full week.  As a person who has had to have clothes altered her whole life I found the work to be of great quality for a totally reasonable price.  I am glad I have found a quality alteration service in my neighborhood.  I like to support local independent businesses and I will definitely continue to give Rocky's my business.
5	I don't do dry-cleaning much, but they did a nice job on a special dress of mine, even putting extra effort in to get a few stains out, for  what seemed like a reasonable price.
4	I have had items dry cleaned, fixed and tailored at Rockys. They are consistent and the nice thing about the shop is that they have a dressing room so they can accurately mark if you need to get anything taken in. Haven't had anything expedited though. Super friendly and the prices seem to be reasonable given the quality of their work. All the money that I have spent on buying my clothes I want to go somewhere I trust. It has been hard to find a dry cleaner with good reviews in the area though I am glad I found Rockys.
2	I've had a lot of things both dry cleaned and altered at this place (several hundred dollars worth). He is consistently late and there were a  couple of instances where I had to take stuff back to be re-done. I've only gone because it is convenient to my location and reasonably priced. I will never go back though. The straw that broke the camels back for me was the most recent time when I had him alter two suits. We agreed on two weeks to complete the work. I came back in three and he hadn't even started. He told me the earliest he could do it was another week and then was late again. Seriously? How hard is this? I am now going to start a search for a more reliable place.
4	He's a good guy, always gets my things done on time.  I've had a less that satisfactory experience with other dry cleaners here--I'll vote with the majority and say, 'worth a visit.'  I've recommended him to many of my colleagues and friends.  All satisfied.WARNING:  Cash only--maybe checks.  No credit cards.
4	I've been coming here since I moved to Lawrenceville about a year ago. They're friendly, do a good, quick job, and prices seem decent. I also got a pair of pants tailored and was very satisfied with the results.
1	They always take weeks to get things done & overcharged. I was ok with that when they did a good job. But then they stopped doing a good job. Not worth the hassle anymore & do a poor job.
1	I've been there twice to have dress clothes tailored. The first was for a full suit and a pair of pants. The owner said to return the following Saturday, which I did, and he did not have them ready. Not only that, but he acted like it was my fault I showed back up on time. Second time same deal, two pairs of pants, not done on time and when they were done they were not tailored correctly. I'll be going out of my way to a different tailor from now on. In addition, the prices are on the very high side without the service or results.
2	I brought two pairs of pants and two (cheap) blazers there to be altered.  He was very nice. However, he failed to mention to me that the cost of these 4 things- one of which only needed alternation tape- would come to $96!!!!!!  When I came to pick up my items I was extremely embarrassed because I had to tell him I could not afford it. He then told me he could "help me out " and make it $80.  I tried explaining to him that the two blazers were only $25 each to begin with.  Overall, this was an extremely humiliating experience and it all could have been solved if he were more professional and would have told me that simple alterations would cost so much.  I will definitely be searching for a new tailor in the future.  Way too expensive if you ask me.
1	I went there to get my dress hemmed last Wednesday and he said the next Thursday and when I went it to get it the day it was supposed to be done, he hadn't even started and he told me he was working on it right now which was a bold face lie. And when I went back to get it, he charged me for 30 for a simple dress hemming. It is such a rip off. I won't ever go back there.
5	Rocky does a really excellent job with alterations and dry cleaning. He has hemmed several of my slacks, suit pants, jacket cuffs, and a coat. He has expertly handled my jeans and more delicate clothing like fine suits. You will not find a better tailor in the city. My dry cleaning also comes out nicely (as one would expect).Rocky's is pricier than other tailors and dry cleaners in the city, but you pay for what you get. Parking in the back of his shop is convenient and rarely fills up.
5	I've had many suits, pants, and sport coats altered here. Rocky is a very nice guy who gets things done on time and does great work!It would be a little more convenient if the establishment wasn't cash only, but in my experience the best places are.
