5	I'm not sure how this place doesn't get more business. The prices are dirt cheap and the quality of the food is very good. The classic gyro is highly recommended. The flavors were bright and vibrant and the serving size was ample. I'm certain that BFG will become a favorite as more people find it. It's not a place for a romantic dinner, by any stretch of the imagination, but it makes a fantastic lunch. Check it out!
4	BFG is a great addition to the growing set of local businesses on Penn Ave between Garfield and Bloomfield. It has tasty comfort food (pizza, hot dogs, gyros, subs, etc.) at rock bottom prices. A gyro with everything on it is $4.50. The meat, veggies, and bread were all very fresh. Pizza's run as low as $5 for a whole pie. Hot dogs are $2. The owner is friendly, and the restaurant itself is simple and clean. I wouldn't come here for a romantic dinner, but it is great for take out or a causal meal.
3	The place is really spacious and the folks are really nice.  Pizza is decent but it's not Mineo's
4	It's taken me a year to find out that the BFG cafe wasn't named after a weapon in Doom, and that it therefore wasn't some sort of internet cafe as I had expected. No, in fact, BFG cafe stands for Big Fat Greek cafe, presumably because if you eat here regularly you will be big and fat, and the fact that they serve gyros. Additionally, BFG stands for Bloomfield-Friendship-Garfield, the three nearest neighborhoods to the cafe(Well actually East Liberty is probably closer than Bloomfield but nobody wants to eat at the Enormous Large Fat Greek cafe, it's simply too verbose).Walking in to the cafe is a big open kitchen, well over half the room, a few vending machines for drinks, and a seating area to the side. Seating is actually plentiful here as it appears the cafe is two spaces combined. The food here is my favorite kind: cheap. The most expensive item on their menu is a large speciality pizza for $13. 9" hoagies and gyro sandwiches are $5 and under, fries are about a buck, and "pittsburgh-style" salads and 12" pizzas are about $5-7. Simply put, they're hard prices to beat: a spinach-feta pizza and a gyro(big enough that I didn't even make it to the pizza) cost me $11 after tax. The gyro was excellent, and though not enough to usurp my stomach's other Big Fat Greek champion(My Big Fat Greek Gyro), the price and convenience of this place easily makes up for it.  The pizza had a very thin crust and had a nice seasoning to it. Toppings weren't skimped on, but I had a little trouble finding the feta on the slice I did attempt. They also threw tomatoes on it for free, because the guy on the phone thinks they're a nice touch, and, I did too.Shockingly, BFG didn't replace Salt as my favorite restaurant in this stretch of Penn ave, but for cheap sandwich while I'm working from home or for a pizza dinner when I don't feel like cooking, this is a great place to have in the neighborhood
4	BFG is kind of on an unassuming corner on Penn Ave in Garfield.  Food was great and the staff was really friendly.  I had the most delicious Greek salad I've found in Pittsburgh for the right price.  Everything was fresh unlike some experiences with other Greek diner places around Pittsburgh. Also the interior is really cool and cavernous.  \
3	Just got done with my experimental hybrid of BFG's eggplant parmesan hoagie and original gyro, which became a gyro with fried eggplant and sauteed spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes, and onions...with a cucumber dressing. Whew! It was pretty hefty, and although I thought the price would have stayed at $4.50 (the price of either the gyro or the eggplant parm hoagie), it ended up being $5.50, which I guess is fair, because I am a pain in the woo. Plus, a vendor had recently dropped off some experimental chocolate baklava (what a day!), of which I got to try a piece. So, that gyro: hefty, yes - delicious, yes - signs of frying life (oil!) all over my hands and napkins, yes - memorable, sure, I dunno. What most stuck out to me was the service, really - everyone there, including the owner, is thoughtful, sweet, and down-to-earth. Definitely a good place to grab lunch!
5	What a great surprise to discover on Penn Avenue!  The pizza is easily as good a Mineo's or Aiello's, if not better -- the ambiance and seating is definitely better than those places. Everyone is so friendly and accommodating and all the food is absolutely delicious (and beyond affordable). I now stop by at least once for lunch and a couple nights on the way home for dinner. Pizza, gyros (best in the city), and dogs (amazing). The cheesecake is very fresh, homemade and fantastic, if you manage to get a slice, as they do sell out of it quickly on most days.
4	While waiting for the monthly Garfield 'art' walk to commence, we were walking around the general area, and saw the handful of up-priced bistroids near the Pittsburgh Glass Center, and decided to keep walking. We then came across the hipster painted facade of BFG Cafe, and jokingly thought 'Hmmmm...what does BFG stand for? Big F***ing Glutton'? That could be cool. So we crossed the street to check out the menu posted on the window, and discovered it was kind of a general pizza and burger joint, but with a Greek edge. Since we weren't looking to mortgage anything for a meal, we decided to give BFG a try. We walked into what kind of looked like a giant sectional unfinished space, and approached the man with the Prince Valiant haircut at the counter to place our orders. One gyro, one burger with a side of hummous and pita, and one vegetarian combo, not to be confused with the vegetarian platter. Mine was the vegetarian, even though I'm not a vegetarian by any stretch of the imagination. The combo was felafel, grape leaves, hummous and tsaziki (cucumber salad) and pita. It had been eons since I'd had felafel, and really had a taste for it.After the order was placed, the owner, Prince Valiant, whose name was really John, said we could sit anywhere inside, and he'd bring our food to us. It wouldn't be hard to find us, since we were the only people there.The space was three large rooms, and John was still in the process of 'decorating' the space, with art from local artists adorning the walls.The beverages were sold from a machine in the main entrance room, Coke products, yay.After we'd been seated, John came in and asked me if I'd wanted the 'combo' or the 'platter', and I said 'combo' and he told me he'd been confused, and had to adjust my credit card since he'd charged me for the platter. He was incredibly nice and came back with the receipt of the difference credited to my card. Then he told me that due to a large catering order earlier in the day, he was out of the felafel, since they needed a day in advance to prepare it, making everything from scratch by hand. He offered some moussaka, which I've never been fond of, and was happy to replace the felafel with gyro meat. Since I'd not gotten a soda from the vending machine, he also brought a pitcher of water to the table.The food came, and I do have to say...inexpensive, accommodating, and YUM. You could tell that, except for the pita, everything was made from scratch, full of flavor, good portions and quite satisfying. The grape leaves were very tasty, warm, with the right hint of dill, the hummous had a roasted pepper flavor, the tsaziki was creamy, cool and fresh, and the gyro meat was good quality meat. I've had gyro meat that was quite simply lamb spam on a pole, greasy and over-processed, and I've had gyro meat that was juicy and flavorful and 'meaty'. This was the good version.John was quite enjoyably chatty and friendly, helpful and hospitable, with lots of info about his experiences in the restaurant and bar biz, his family's restaurant history in da burgh, the neighborhood and its ups and downs, and the art he had hanging in the space. By the end of our experience, John seemed more like a friend and a community man than just a business owner. And he also shared, as another reviewer has already pointed out, the meaning of 'BFG', which has a duality, 'Big Fat Greek' and 'Bloomfield-Friendship-Garfield'. Well, as a guy sold on the quality of his food, I can still stand by my original joke comment of 'Big F***ing Glutton'. The atmosphere may not be fit for a 'foodie', but the FOOD is definitely fit for someone who likes to eat. And the prices are really incredibly affordable. And quite frankly, he's just a great guy business owner who deserves support for creating something pleasant and NOT the least bit pretentious in a neighborhood with the drooling wolves of development dripping venom down the necks of anyone without the budget to join in their exclusive club.Kudos my friend!
5	The food is all homemade and very affordable. Better hurry up and eat  here before he realizes how good the food is and raises his prices!
4	My first time here and I was extremely happy with the decision. It was a little gem I didn't know existed. Ordered a gyro and had a slice of plain pizza. The gyro was absolutely delicious. The service was phenomenal too. The prices we perfect; about $5 for gyro and $6 for 12" pizza.Oh and the jazz music in the background was just the icing on the cake. They'll be getting my business a lot more now.
5	Great gyro...good fries...and very good vegetarian grape leaves all for about 10$......aaaaaaannnd that's why our country is broke
2	Ordered a grilled chicken Greek salad to go.  The salad had a sh$t ton of melted cheese and fries on top.  So gross!  This is not a Greek salad.  I also asked for a side of Greek dressing or vinaigrette.  Got home to find out ranch was on the side.  I also ordered an order of hummus and pita bread the hummus looked hard and gritty.  I won't be back.  Not good!  Didn't even try the hummus it looked that unappetizing.  Straight to the trash w that hummus.
5	Excellent food I don't know how it can be this cheap and be this good but it is.  I was looking for something inexpensive to eat lunch during the week and boy did I luck out!  They're hoagies are excellent their gyros are real and amazing!! And the pizza is fantastic
5	LOVE BFG Cafe! Great staff, real neighborhood restaurant. The food is good and it is BYOB. Very perfect setting to kill an hour or two reading.
5	Fantastic food at an even better price! So glad we're just down the street!
5	Advice for the owner: You need to change the look of the exterior of the building so that people actually know that a) you are a place of business that serves food, and b) you're open.The confusing look of the building that I just mentioned is the reason it took me months of living near BFG to actually go in. It was the other positive reviews on Yelp that made me take the plunge. I am now officially a BFG junkie. Best Gyro's in Pittsburgh (sorry mike and tony's, but I'm over it), and the prices are obscenely low. Also, the employees and the owner are wonderfully nice. Give BFG a try, you'll be hooked
5	Johnny the owner is amazing and such an awesome host. He makes you feel at home and the atmosphere is second only to their pizza quality!
