4	Their new location is on the other side of town from me, but they carry a few things the Henderson location doesn't. Great selection of cigars, pipes, and pipe tobacco, and a wonderful lounge in which to enjoy them.The humidor is bigger and a little better organized than the other location, but at the expense of having the cigars in bins instead of the original boxes. Not a horrible thing, and I'm sure much easier for them to track, but I just like seeing how the manufacturer packages their cigars.
3	A nice shop with friendly customers. Their selection is top notch, their prices on the high side (downright exorbitant  for the best of the best). A comfortable lounge with leather couches and a flat panel HDTV. One of three places I buy cigars locally.
4	Great cigar shop.  Great selection with a large walk in humidor and average prices.  Get the card, buy 10 cigars and get 10 bucks, so every cigar you buy is actually a dollar off.  Better selection than any shop in my home town in northern california.  The people are real friendly too.
4	Nice shop with decent size walk in humidor.  Staff is always ready to help the customer.  Prices can be a little high for premium smokes, but overall prices not bad.
5	very cool place. Very decent price on cigars. I would have to agree get the card. Buy 10 sticks and get $10 is a pretty sweet deal. Plus you can lounge out in the back and watch the game on over sized couches.
4	Nice selection, cigars well humidified, good staff.  They have a bar counter to hang out and smoke a cigar if you want, acceptable prices.
5	The Tobacco Leaf is like the bar Cheers. It's a place where you're always welcome and everyone knows your name. I've been patronizing Tobacco Leaf since 2000.  It's a friendly shop with a a knowledge staff and great selection. The owner, Will, knows his stuff!  I highly recommend you stop in and check it out. The shop's Facebook page lists upcoming events. See you soon!
5	Great Shop, MASSIVE HUMIDOR with just about every cigar you could ask for. I'm also pretty sure they have more in the back if you cannot find a particular one. The staff is not on your heels pressuring you to make a sale. The prices are reasonable if not downright cheap. Great place overall. To make things even better everything is labeled properly with a price so you do not have to walk to the register to get the cost.
5	Great selection. Good staff. Owner is knowledgable . Good place to hang out.
4	Nice shop with an impressive selection and inventory in the humidor as well as a fine array of gifts, lighters, pipes and other desk items for the discerning gentleman.  Nice lounge area and all types of folks are welcome.  Diverse crowd which makes it unpretentious.  Also have punch cards for purchases so you can work to free product.
4	Went back here Yesterday.  Very friendly group of guys.  Nice lounge in the back with leather couches and chairs, big screen to watch movies.  Hung out for a couple of hours.   Good stuff.
5	Excellent place to hang out. Friendly group of people. The employees are very knowledgeable and the coffee bar is excellent.
5	Gotta Love the Leaf! Great atmosphere to smoke a great stick, watch sports, talk or just hang. Its like the modern day Cheers...a place you can come where everyone knows your name! Love giving my boys Louie and Edgar a hard time but they help create the great experience!
5	The selections at Tobacco Leaf is so impressive. Will and his staff of shenanigans well they make you feel like you're Norm from Cheers. Make time to burn.
4	I've passed this numerous times, but haven't been in until recently. The first thing to come to mind is they have massive inventory. Their humidor is a bit narrow and tall, floor to ceiling affair. It's a bit overwhelming and takes some time looking through everything and since it's narrow a bit hard to maneuver in there. They have a case with a majority of the rarities put aside there to make it easier if you're a collector. Gotta watch the prices though because some of the prices were way too steep like a Opus X Nacimiento was $55 which is prices stores on the strip may charge and I bought the same cigar that day for $16.00 elsewhere. It's rare, but not THAT rare in our town - ouch.  Some of the other stuff in there was fair though. We got the last Tatujuae Mummy (Halloween 2012) for a price that we were willing to pay since it was about what most stores sell for and close to msrp. The more usual stuff though generally were sitting in the price range I expect from a B&M. I guess since it's such a crazy inventory, the nice thing is there is something for everyone from beginner to a seasoned smoker. If I am looking for something specific, they probably have it. The guy helping us, Lou, was soft spoken and nice. I did get a La Flor Dominicana Coronado off of his recommendation.  I feel that you won't be stirred wrong here as they do know their inventory, as big as it is, since all of the things he recommended was based off of smoking it. The condition of the cigars seemed good overall, at a smokeable humidity and temperature seemed good in there.This store has the most accessories I've seen so far too. Lots of lighters, cutters, ashtrays, cigar cases, and humidors. I wish wish the humidor was bigger and more comfy to browse in lieu of more stuff.There was a bar with TV and looks like a espresso machine and a snack vending machine. There may have been another area in the back to sit, but I didn't go beyond where the merchandise went. I haven't smoked here and took our cigars home so I cannot comment on how the lounging experience is. If you are a regular, they have a stamp card program for every 10 cigars you buy, you get $10 off.Overall, a pretty decent humidor and one I can see myself popping into regularly.
5	Great atmosphere and impeccable service!! Such a huge selection of cigars and EDGAR was completely knowledgeable and made some great recommendations. Edgar took his time explaining and helping us select our purchases. Thank you again for the amazing service!! We will definitely be back in the future!
5	Staff very friendly and helpful.  I am a  newbie to pipes.  The staff to his time explaining what to look for in pipes and explained about the tobacco. I think we took an hour in the store getting a good lesson.We bought a pipe,  accessories,  and a couple ounces of house blend to try.You could get it cheaper on line,  but the knowledge was the most invaluable items I picked up.The only place we found in Las Vegas that had someone know about pipes and pipe tobacco that took the time to talk to us withour pushing to buy something.The humidor is narrow, but well stocked. Some items were little on the higb side, but well woth it for the friendly shop.Will definitely go there again.
5	Love this place they have a wonderful assortment of cigars and pipe tabbaco along with anything else you might need the humidor is a little packed not a lot of space to walk around. The staff is very friendly and will help you with anything you need. If your just starting the luxury of smoking they will inform you about any question you might have.
1	Absolutely appalled at the ill mannered staff! My father always stops by and purchases a few cigars when he is in town. He goes in today and gets accused of stealing! Because his hands were in his pocket. Excuse me it's cold outside!!!! Was he not the right color? How did your staff member feel when he told my father to empty his pockets and nothing was there??? DISGRACEFUL!
