3	I've been back in to Mildred's a few times since I've moved closer by and my impression has improved.  Eclectic sandwiches at reasonable prices.  The food and service are both equally sincere.Very veggie friendly and a couple of beers in bottles for those lazy Saturday afternoons.
4	I have to say, as far as overall yummy goodness, Mildred's rocks!  But yes, it wasn't as clean as one might like, but the visible food prep was area was clean, and since I take it to go when I'm there, no problemo!
4	not sure what people mean by "it's dirty" unless they're talking about the tops of the tables. when mildred's gets busy, there's only one guy behind the counter to make food, take orders, and clean up after the messy patrons.i usually get the weaver's fancy (red and green peppers, two kinds of cheese, mustard and mayo warmed up on a wheat pita) and gazpacho in the summer. their soups are homemade from scratch. the sandwiches are huge, you might have to ask for some foil to take half home.nels is doing something right since they've been in that location forever. it's a bus-your-own joint, so take care of those messy tables before someone reviews the restaurant poorly because of it!
3	For a year, I lived a block away. I finally went to Mildred's the day I moved out. I am not vegetarian or a big pita fan- looks like those are their two focuses :).With that in mind, I did enjoy my "salzac" sandwich. Next time, I am definitely  trying the "good question."A fun old little sandwich shop to drop into some time when you are in the neighborhood. Has quite a bit of character.They grow hops on their back porch.
3	4 stars for soup, and 3 stars for sandwich. I've heard that they devote an entire day making the soup.I've tasted the soup: zesty cabbage. It was hearty. Something I'd make at home on a cold night. Delicious indeed. The dedications matter and it comes through the flavors.I split cucumber sandwich with a friend. Delicious dill spread, but I wasn't huge fan of the bland bread. I'd love to try other items next time around.
4	Really more of a 3.5/5 in my opinion. Really great atmosphere in one of Madison's coolest neighborhoods. Sandwiches are pretty good, and most of the ingredients are fresh and well-prepared which elevates this place above your typical sandwich shop. The Gazpacho was amazing as well. 5/5 on that front.$10 for a cup of soup and a sandwich with a nantucket nectar seems reasonable to me. I'll enjoy this again on a lazy summer afternoon.
4	Tonight I was on a mission. I wanted a delicious but cheap sandwich. After thinking for a bit, I remembered Mildred's. I'd been there once before as a kid, but couldn't remember the experience. I didn't recall disliking it, so it must have been at least decent.When I got their I looked over their pretty lengthy menu. They really do have a lot of choices. All appeared to be quite delicious on paper. I finally decided on the Blystone. When I went to pay with my debit card, I was told that they only except cash and to use the ATM in the corner. Unfortunately the ATM turned out to be on the fritz and I had to go to a corner store and use their ATM.Anyway, the sandwich TOTALLY made up for the slight ATM inconvenience. After reading reviews here I was only expecting an okay sandwich, but seriously... this thing was great. It was pretty big and I probably should have saved half for later, but I was starving. It filled me up, that's for sure. Definitely worth going back for. Next time I'll be sure to have some cash on hand.
2	Am I a bad person for not liking Mildred's? It's creepy and dingy in there, and the service was absurdly slow. It was very strange that they microwaved my sandwich (that's what they do to all hot sandwiches). Someone could buy them a panini press, as pita was not meant to be sogged up as such. The potato chips are good.The sandwiches are cheap, but if you, like me, never carry cash, then they end up being as expensive as Panera when you add the $1.75 fee that the ATM there charges. (Plus whatever Associated Bank adds on).
2	Had the Lentil Soup and a Turkey Special without mayo (they don't have low or no fat mayo) or cheese. Soup was okay but not terrific. Sandwich was on mushy wheat bread. When they say "heated" it means your sandwich is zapped in the microwave. The deli meat leaves a lot to be desired. I get much better turkey from my grocery store. All in all a pretty ordinary experience.
1	Wanted to like this place. I like the space - it's charming and strange and wonderful. But the sandwich I had was just awful. The reviewers upset by what appears to be microwaved food are dead on. Who in their right mind microwaves a sandwich?!!  Panini presses are overplayed and mostly bad as it is, but I would take that over this any day. And the bread! Bread is the most important aspect to any sandwich! It should involve fresh baked crusty loaves, not limp store-bought sliced bread and boring pita. There are so many good bakeries in Madison, why not use their bread?E Johnson St. area has the potential to be a vibrant, exciting neighborhood...but it's never going to be if substandard restaurants like Mildreds continue to dominate (Sofia's the notable exception). People want FRESH, interesting food--not salty microwaved mush. The owners or chefs should seriously reconsider their menu. It might help to do some sandwich tourism, find out what makes a good sandwich. Suggested itinerary: Ike's Place in San Francisco (possibly the BEST sandwiches in the world), Atlas Cafe, or The Sandwich Place. In NYC, see  Columbine, Alidoro and Urban Vintage in Brooklyn. Even semi-chains like Wichcraft might be instructive.
5	I had been so used to eating the supernaturally-fresh sandwiches offered by Milio's, Jimmy John's, and the like that I had forgotten what a delicious homemade sandwich should actually taste like. Mildred's not only reminded me of that, it slapped me in the face with it and set that standard ten times beyond anything I would have expected.I had one of the most delicious corned beef sandwiches I have ever eaten at Mildred's. And I ate it on a charming little back porch that felt like my own backyard. They added some kind of addictive mayonnaise/mustard to that sandwich that added a perfect amount of tanginess to my sandwich, and the vegetables were crisp and flavorful. The potato salad was cheap and excellent, and the warm beef pita tasted kind of like a tasty hot pocket (minus the feeling of irreparable damage to your digestive system).Sure, the "cash only" policy is a major annoyance. But Med Cafe has a line out the door every day and I don't see those people bitching about it. It's a small price to pay for good food, and I wouldn't feel good about the credit card companies taking a cut of this place's already-small profit on every transaction anyway.
4	Always fantastic food. well priced and quick service. Tasty!
4	Haters gone hate
5	This sandwich was the greatest thing ever. I don't understand the people who are giving it less than 4 stars. Honestly, if you don't like this place, you aren't getting the right thing.I ordered this on GrubHub and paid $18 for the delivery fees and BS when I should have walked over. However, just seeing the menu gave me the real sandwich vibe I knew I was looking for. For all you new-schoolers who want a hot sandwich, don't go to this place. Mildrid's offers straight up cold cuts and veggies on large, soft & chewy pieces of bread. (I got Rye, and it was absurdly good).Also, best pickle I've ever eaten.
5	Great place with great personalized service.  Love your lentil soup!  Hope you guys stay open!
