3	The newly renovated european decor restaurant interior is an improvement from the last time I visited this place five years ago. Their decor is traditional Portuguese interior theme, with several photos of Portuguese fishing boats, and even a big mural map of Azores and Portugal in the background restaurant wall. Even though I gave this restaurant three stars, I found that their lunches were reasonably priced. We were a party of five, with three adults and two kids, and we ate a lot of food for $95. The food portions were quite large. Our table service was four stars, even though the food was three stars. Our waiter was very friendly and funny. He even gave our son, a complimentary dessert. Our waiter was the most remarkable/best thing about our ordinary lunch. I ordered a traditional calde verde (spinach/lettuce style soup), and it lacked seasoning. So I added some table salt, and it brought flavor back into my soup. Other than having little salt in it, the sausage slices in the soup were large, and the soup had the right amount of potato creamy solution in it. As an appetizer we ordered mussels, and although the reasonably priced dish had plenty of mussels to eat, the mussels tasted plain with very little salt and garlic in the tomato sauce it came with. As the main meal I ordered the paella au portuguesa, (which came with one large clam, a few mussels, some slices Portuguese sausage, a few shrimp, and tons of rice). I was disappointed with the flavor again because it lacked the "POW" flavor, that a Portuguese Emeril would have demanded on his food show. For dessert I had the flan, and it did taste good. Its probably the best dessert they serve at this time. If you're going to eat here then I suggest trying their summer lobster specials (2 lobsters for $26), and meat plates, other patrons in the restaurant appeared to be ordering and enjoying those meals. From what I expierienced at this time, the rest of their soups and Seafood dishes could use more seasoning or "POW"!!I would consider giving this restaurant a second chance visit. The service was good.
4	My office's loyal Portuguese janitor recommended me L'Etoile back in 2007, yet it took me almost three years to get up and arrange to go there with a friend.On a Tuesday night, the restaurant was dead. I was surprised, particularly considering I ate remarkably well.I followed the advice and ordered the seafood "cataplanca" and it is worth every penny. My friend ate the Portuguese steak and was very satisfied, so their meat dishes must be worth another visit.The service is very polite, portions are generous and the seafood cataplana is great. As their menu is very extensive, I'd imagine all tastes except vegetarians catered for.I will be back.
3	Had an anniversary party here As soon as we approached the restaurant it had graffiti on itI got a bad impression but it was not as bad insideTraditional Portuguese decor with a feeling of a traditional European feelingThe food was average homemade styleThe service was excellence
