5	HUGE menu, but I stuck with the classic buttermilk pancakes - chocolate chip buttermilk pancakes.  Service was very fast and super friendly.  Easy freeway access.
5	Waitstaff was super friendly.  Food was great "diner" style, no surprises.  Pancakes were just great, coffee was hot and plentiful.  Food arrived fast - and my waitress even offered to HEAT UP MY SYRUP!!!  Place was extremely clean - I really liked this place. I ordered the chocolate chip pancakes and they were fantastic.  Waitress was very tentative to our needs.  I'll be back, for sure.
5	Great service from our server Bryanna. She was super sweet and attentive. I'm from San Diego and seriously haven't had someone so great serve us at an Ihop.
5	Today is National Pancake Day 02-05-2013 all you can eat
3	The food was so-so but the service was very good.
2	Friendly service. Good pancakes. Good tasting water. Nothing else to say at this time. (Wait. Who puts cheese sauce on their omelettes? Yuk!)
3	They have never done breakfast wrong
1	Tried to have breakfast here this morning. Couldnt  finish  our food after watching the manager walk into the area where the waitresses were plating the food and he sneezed several times all over the plates, counters, food, everything and never attempted to cover his mouth.  Hope the corporation does something to remedy this.  It was disgusting!
4	Wanted pancakes for dinner and went to IHOP. There were only a couple customers in the restaurant but not a worker to be found. Waited at the front until the hostess emerged. It was very cold in there. Shortly after we were seated, the server came over to take our drink order. Hot tea and water. For food I selected the pick-a-pancake combo with blueberry pancakes, eggs scrambled/well done, hash browns, and bacon. I purposely said blueberry pancakes to see if they would interpret that as double blueberry pancakes with the blueberries in the batter and on top. They did. Fun little experiment. The eggs were cooked to my liking. The hash browns were also cooked nicely. You could see they used a lot of oil to get the browning even. Nothing to really say about the bacon. But I enjoyed the meal (very filling!) and the service was pretty good. So far this location has been quite a bit better than Dysart. 3.5 stars rounds to 4.
4	Like most chain restaurants, the service is hit or miss, it depends on the waitress/waiter you get. Food is good, most of the time, it also depends on the cook. Sometimes it's cooked to perfection, other times it's not.    The manager is super attentive and stands by the door to ask everyone who is leaving how the food was. One thing that they never get right is the soda. My husbands likes to drink soda when we go out  except at this location. For some reason it is ALWAYS flat. I don't know why, it seem that they serve soda from a bottle rather than from a tap. Their tea is always diluted and taste like water. So for us, unless we are drinking coffee or oj, We just stick to water when we come to IHOP.
4	Good quality food. The eggs are fresh, and received order quickly. Service was a little slow, but coffee was good.
5	You can never go wrong with IHOP. We went on Christmas Day for breakfast and it was packed! But even for being so extremely busy the device was very good! Even pretty fast. And our waitress was very kind.
