5	Excellent value casual dining in the city centre. Good choice of main dishes including vegetarian options. Largely an Italian menu, but with 'variations' and always with good fresh ingredients, served as good portions too by cheerful staff, even when busy. Prompt service once seated (expect a wait if you haven't pre-booked) and I would suggest the best value for money you can get in Edinburgh. Left very satisfied on all counts - price, quality and flavours. Absolutely recommend for lunch, brunch or an evening meal. Note a different menu served for day and night service. Nice buzz and no pretensions to be more than good quality dining.
5	Amore Dogs is the little Italian brother/sister (puppy?) of The Dogs, it is also on Hanover Street, but is at street level and has wonderfully large windows to gaze out from (or longingly gaze into....).It has less of the quirky stylings of The Dogs, the tables and chairs all match here, however the food is equally good. The menu is Italian influenced, you'll find pizza and pasta on the menu alongside Dogs's staples like coley and skirt steak. On my first visit I ordered roast pigeon with puy lentils and my friend ordered fish, this left us with a red/white wine dilemma, the waiter recommended a wonderful rose wine (Casa Do Lago) that went well with both dishes and has since become a favourite of mine.The food here is incredibly good value and of exceptional quality, I have eaten here a lot and have never had a bad experience. I implore you to give it a try!
4	I would say Amore Dogs, out of the three restaurants in the same Dogs group, is probably the most iron a nice shirt or shove a bit of lipstick on feeling, as it just feels slightly more formal, with more of a chic edge to it. The lighting and whiteness of this restaurant make it very attractive, as does the sweeping bar and signature pooch art adorning the back wall. It all works really well, as does the homely and super relaxed feel of The Dogs, and Seadogs, so this is definitely yet another culinary hit for David Ramsden, the owner.The food focus here is Italian, and again, similarly to the other two restaurants, everything is quite shockingly reasonable at times, considering the tastiness and quality of the food you're devouring. Rigatoni al Amitriciana always appeals to my half Italian taste buds, as does the amazing seafood linguine. There are also pizza, soup and salad options to be had, all reliably very decent, so hesitate not in entering any of The Dogs restaurant portals.
3	Italian food + Jen = amore. And, as if by magic, there was Amore Dogs. Having never dined at any of The Dogs restaurants before, but having supped a few Underdogs, my first choice was always going to be their Italian restaurant.We were dining quite early, so there were only two or three other diners but in such a large space it still didn't feel empty or desolate. I like the couch dining area up front, and the tables in little nooks, crannies and different levels up the back. And the waiting staff were super friendly.The menu isn't hugely expansive, but as is in vogue, it changes regularly and is seasonal, which I like. However, there didn't seem to be a huge range. I went for the most out-there thing on the menu I could see - the rabbit with olives, tomatoes, peppers and anchiovies. My dining partner the pasta with sausage, and we got a bruschetta and mushroom to start.Anyone who knows me (either on or off yelp!) will know I'm a foodie through and through, and should be used to the in-depth meal analysis by now. The rabbit really was delicious, served as a stew. With just the rabbit meat on the bone, and some peppers and onions in the stew, it was my ideal dinner - no additional rice, pasta or bread. Definitely my favourite thing from our meal.The pasta was very...meh. Amore were potentially at a disadvantage as we had previously tasted an *amazing* Creole Sausage pie earlier that day which blew our socks off. So by comparison this was very...meh. I feel as though I could have whipped it up at home with a jar of Loyd Grossman and some sausage and penne. Not bad by any means.The starters were tasty but again...nothing exceptional. The mushrooms were perhaps a little too creamy.It was a brief dining affair, and whilst I enjoyed it, it perhaps didn't live up to the hype I'd heard about The Dogs restaurants. Admittedly, I am now a rabbit-fan and would happily eat that meal again, but as an Italian i'd expect the pasta dish to be far more Mamma Mia...y'know?As Yelp have so aptly put it, it was A-OK in my books.
3	Loved spotting The Dog empire during my show long weekend trip to Edinburgh.  Awesome and funky design and great restaurant concepts (The Dog, UnderDog, SeaDog and Amore Dog).  Wished I had more time to try all of 'em!  My flank steak salad was ok (2.5 stars), a bit tough but the sweet balsamic reduction was just the right tough for the bitter arugula.  Boyfriend's mushroom risotto (4.0 stars)  was decadent and cooked perfectly.  To ended the meal we had the tiramisu (3 stars), unfortunately, the dish lacked the punch of espresso, was chilled as I like the desert and the dark chocolate cocoa powder (when taken in a mouthful) overpowered the light dessert.  We ended up scrapping the top power off the dish.
4	We wandered by Amore Dogs one evening and peered at the menu. It looked interesting enough, so when we were in the area after hiking Calton Hill, we decided to return for some Italian nibbles.The menu is simple enough - some starters, some pastas, some pizzas - and a decent wine list. We ordered a good (and relatively cheap) bottle of an Italian cabernet, rigatoni with bacon, onions and chile for the boy and seafood linguine for me. Nom! I tried a bite of the rigatoni and it was quite simple, but hearty, with a good meaty flavour. My seafood linguine was definitely worth it - al dente pasta tossed with tender calamari, clams, mussels, tiny octopi, shrimp and even the occasional anchovy, all in a light tomato sauce. All of the sea critters were cooked to perfection and the flavour was just spot on. After we'd finished our meal, we lingered for a while over our wine without being hurried or bothered. Would love to return for a pizza sometime.
4	They have gone all Yanky!!!!! And I like it...!So Dogs Amore has come out with a new all American menu, was there last night for some dinner with friends and have to say it was great if a little confused...!SO on the table you still have the Italian staples of olive and balsamic oils which are ace with some warm crusty bread we had!For starter we all went for the chicken wings in hot sauce - 6 pieces of wing or thigh served in a sweet, flavoursome hhhhhhhooooottttt sauce!! Oooh enjoy the burn its gooood!!!For mains I have the burger sliders with chips and garlic mayo!! The sliders were fantastic 3 different little artisan buns to begin with looked great on the plate! First burger was coley with a little tartar, the 2nd was pork with a sweet/spice sauce and the 3rd a good old American hamburger with cheese - this was aaaaaamazing!!! hell of an awesome burger!!The garlic mayo was.......green!!! No idea why or how but to honest I dont care it was damn tasty as were the chips!!!Add the red wine, the great service and it was all in all a top night! For me its only a four star as the theme is a little conused as is the menu and lacks a little something!JD = Very happy man!
4	Really good Italian fare. We haven't sampled their new New York Italian menu, yet, but we hear good things. We summed it up: "it goes right to the top of the list of places we'd take family and friends who were visiting from out of town. It has just the right ambience to put you at your ease, has a menu that will provide a tasty treat for any palette, and is guaranteed to impress."
2	We were actually intending to go to the Dogs but since we had not made reservations we were unable to get a table. Ended up going next door to Amore Dogs and hoping that it would be as good as we heard the Dogs was.The design of the place is however not really that inviting so we were a bit hesitant upon entering. They have went mainly for white and made it very open which makes it feel a bit cold and at least not when we were there like a cozy place that one wants to have a meal in. We did however decide to go for it anyway.The menu was a mix of Italian dishes and some American influences. Having difficulties deciding what to get we did share some of the starters between us.We tried two different salads and the some sliders (mini burgers). The salads were ok - nothing more nothing less. It would be the same stuff I would whip up in 5 minutes at home. That is perhaps not bad but would expect something more at a restaurant and the presentation of the food really looked like the just threw it all in a bowl and then served it.The beef sliders were actually pretty good, some full beef taste and a nice sauce on it. The bread was however a bit dry and almost flavorless. The fish and pork ones were not great - I knew that I was eating something but it lacked all distinct flavors.When it came to the mains we all went for Italian dishes. I went for the mushroom risotto with truffle oil. The portion was really huge - I should have gone for the half-size as I did not even finish half. It was however not only due to size of the dish. This was actually pretty bad - no real truffle flavor or even scent. The risotto was partially over cooked and also partially not done. So a very disappointing dish. The others in the group had the seafood risotto, a similarly disappointing experience that was also drained in salt. One other person in the group had the pasta with chicken and that was ok but more in line with the salads i.e. something anyone would whip up at home at the same quality. The person most pleased in our group was the guy ordering the bacon & mushroom pizza - not the best pizza he had but still good.I have so far not mentioned the service but it was friendly but incredibly slow. It took forever before we could order, then we had to wait along time until our drinks came (nothing complicated to be made just beers and wine) and we had to walk up to the bar to get the water refilled at one point since it took so long for them to show interest in our (as well as the few other tables) table. It could perhaps have been understandable if it was full but there were only 4 tables occupied so appeared to be more laziness or a general lack of interest.May still give the original the Dogs a chance next time in Edinburgh but I have no love for Amore Dogs so will not be returning here.
1	Alas, Amore Dogs has now closed (as Qype insists I give a star rating, I've simply given it one as an indication it is no longer there  in its heyday it merited the full 5). It has been replaced by Seadogs, relocated from its former home in Rose Street. Perhaps AD will be resurrected somewhere else in Edinburgh, but there's no hint of that on the main Dogs website.
