3	I've eaten at Chipotle about 26,327 times in my life, so it's no surprise no matter which location you choose. This Gainey Ranch location is quite roomy, which is good, because this neighborhood is quite sparse on good lunch spots even though a growing number of people work in the area.If you're going to lunch at this location, you have to get there before 11:06. If you get there after, prepare to be standing out the door, pissing away your lunch break and sweating to death. This happens every day. From my office I can see the entrance. Depending on who dishes up your food, you'll get a good-sized portion. They seem to load up chicken burritos to full capacity, but skimp a bit on the barbacoa and carnitas. You've been warned!
5	This is the best Chipotle in town!! They give the most. If you want Extra chicken they give you EXTRA!! I don't mind paying extra for double meat but some of the Chipotles are so skimpy! They also have the nicest staff Not kidding!!
3	We arrive late from LA and was tired and hungry. My wife likes Chipolte, so we stopped off at this location. On a Sunday evening there wasn't very many patrons, but they were trickling in.  I always get the pork burrito, my daughter and wife had the chicken. They filled it with so much stuff that we had it for two days, The burrito's were favorful and the black beans, oh so good. The restaurant was clean and the workers attentive. Always a great place for fast mexican food. One thing though, they should throw in a bag of chips with a meal.
4	My children love Chipotle, and where ever they are it is the first thing they look for.  I had never tried it before, but I have tried similar places, so I knew what to expect when I came in,  It is very clean and spacious, and there is plenty of room to park.  The first time I was there I wanted to read the newspaper, so I ate there, and it was quite pleasant. The next couple of times, I had burritos to go.I was pleased  all of the times I was there.  As with any of these make-it-while you watch places, I think a lot depends on the people fixing the food.  All of the times I have been here, they have been very pleasant and have not skimped on any of the ingredients.Compared to other similar business places I have been, the meat, whether it is the beef, chicken or pork, is extra flavorful. In all, a great experience.  In fact, as I write this, I am craving a Chipotle burrito...
5	I've eaten at many Chipotle locations many times, both in Tucson and Phoenix. This is easily my favorite location.The cashier is friendly, the food service is prompt. The food is usually cooked well and portions are generous! The fajitas are a bit undercooked every now and then, but they make up for it in friendly customer service.
5	Oh Chipotle, I love you.  Healthy options even when craving Mexican!  My favorite is the chicken burrito bowl with fajita veggies.  Served on a bed of rice with black beans and pico de gallo, with some spicy corn thrown in....ahh my mouth is watering already.  I've been to many locations, and all are clean, food quality is excellent, service is friendly and professional, and I always leave satisfied.  5 stars to you, my friend.
5	Chipotle. Fast. Healthy, or not (depending on what you're in the mood for). I love the consistency of service and quality across locations. I grew up in Colorado and have enjoyed many meals at the original location by the University of Denver. No matter what location visit, you will receive delicious food made with quality ingredients. I was always a chicken burrito with extra rice, black beans, corn salsa, lettuce and cheese kind of gal. Most recently I've fallen in love with the salad. Romaine lettuce with all the burrito toppings you prefer. My latest creation is chicken, fajita veggies, pico de gallo, corn salsa with a tiny bit of cheese, hot red chili salsa and dressing on the side. I take this creation home, put it in a big bowl, toss everything together and devour. The marinade from the chicken and the juices from the salsa and veggies create an awesome dressing. I dip my fork in the side of salsa and vinegarette before each bite, providing just the right amount of tang and spice. The combinations are endless. I dream of Chipotle.
4	Though I sincerely dislike franchise food, I sometimes go to this location for lunch because it's so close to my office.As for the food: it's Chipotle....they're the same everywhere.  I usually get the vegetarian burrito and always have a hard time finishing because the portion is so big.  I like that the food is predictable, but that I have a lot of options.
1	Rude staff. Always screw up online orders. Never ready on time.
5	Stopped in for a quick take out order last night, and this location did not disappoint me at all.They didn't make fun of me, or give me a dirty look when I have them my ridiculous special order of salad with chicken, steak, no cheese, black beans on the side, red salsa, a dash of corn salsa. Thanks for cooperating.In other news, the restaurant was clean, the beverage bar was wiped down, and the tabasco bottles were all wiped down and clean too. I hate when people steal those tabasco bottles though...there seemed to be some of the good flavors missing. Boo.
4	Dang- worlds strongest margarita here! Most people don't know they even serve Margs here. I always thought they were wine margs but the guy who made mine says they are made with actual tequila. I ordered 1 and I thought I got roofied it was so strong. Anyhoo- good service, good food, good prices and good chill location- not too many people at all.
5	Stopped by for a Chipotle fix this evening..awesome service. I waited 2-3 minutes for fresh steak and they threw in a free cup of soda for the wait. Clean, friendly and quick. This is exactly how a franchise should be run.
4	Chicken Burrito Bowl is a must! ----White rice, chicken, hot sauce, pico, sour cream, cheese, and lettuce !
5	We dine here often and Chipotle really nails its concept and execution - predictable experience with high quality food and great service.
3	Good option for a quick take-out dinner on the way home from the office.
5	This my favorite Chipotle ever!!! It's so consistent and good! No hormones in the meat makes this "fast" food an A+ for me!!! Yum!!!
5	Indistinguishable between other locations.  Good good, price and friendly staff.
4	Chipotle is always pretty consistent across the country. This particular location has an extremely nice staff & the food quality is always good.
5	Let me be clear and direct in this review: I am a MAN and when I go to Chipotle I do not order a salad or a hand full of chips.  I order a BURRITO, with MEAT.  I have eaten at over FOUR Chipotles, which basically makes me an expert of Chipotle, burritos, and all food in general.One of the greatest things about Chipotle is consistency; you can walk into a Chipotle in anywhere in the world and you know that your food is going to be fresh and delicious.  What you don't necessarily know though, is the attitude.  Is this a Chipotle where everyone is happy and burritos are being tossed joyously from one person to another in celebration of food preparation?  Or is this Chipotle run by a dirty, filthy man who hates you simply for being alive, and will follow you out to your car and mug you?  Nobody knows.  Except me, because I've eaten at this one several times.This is a magnificent Chipotle.  The people are good spirited, helpfully construct your burrito quickly, and pleasantly.  Sometimes I go into this Chipotle and I'm like, "Eh, not having such a great day - maybe a burrito will make me happy" and do you know what?  I go into this place, and everybody is happy and working and it's like, "Yeah... yeah now I'm feeling a little better.  Maybe things aren't so bad.  Maybe she still loves me."So to summarize, this is a great Chipotle.  It's bright, friendly, ample parking, and the same fresh and delicious ingredients you expect.
4	Right across the street from my office. One if the only "fast food" places I'll eat. Vegetarian tacos are my fav. Usually pretty fast - but beware of long lines from 11:55-12:45. Epitome of the lunch hour rush.
1	I have a food allergy and they had no idea how to prepare my food safely. The worst chipotle I've been to in any state.
5	The food is good and the customer service is fantastic!
5	Seriously love these guys. I am right in the middle of two and I always choose this one based on how clean it is, and also how nice/ friendly the staff is.
5	I'm a sucker for good service.  When you walk in this chipotle, the staff look up, making eye contact with you and say "Hello".  From the very beginning I feel welcome and comfortable which is always nice when I am ready to dine out. The steak burrito I enjoyed had a little kick to it which was nice.  I'm not a huge spice fan or can even tolerate spicy food but this was different.  With great service coupled with great food, I'll return sooner than later.
2	I absolutely love chipotle, and eat there all the time. Unfortunately every chipotle is different and this location I went to was not one of my best. My friend and I grabbed dinner there two nights ago. After a couple hours of studying, we were starving and decided to get chipotle. I regret that decision because they were so stingy it was ridiculous! I was not in the mood for rice or beans so I just got a chicken bowl, and without the extra stuff in your bowl you can definitely tell how much they really skimp you on the meat. Then I got to the guac, barely even half a scoop.... all for 10 bucks.
1	Honestly this location is the only Chipotle I have ever received poor service at.When they put sour cream in my burrito after me not asking for it due to the allergic reaction eating it would cause, they were very rude about me saying I did not want it.When I asked to speak to a manager they were even less helpful and pretty much told me my service did not matter to them.This one poor experience was enough to make me never return to any Chipotle location again.
2	Food was decent. Sofritas were bomb. Nice patio up front.Went after work to study and got a salad.Very good black beansOnly issue was that I found a small hair in my salad (white hair) just picked it out as I didn't want to cause a scene and didn't eat whatever it was touching
