4	This new spot is located right between two existing kick-butt restaurants -- Delux and Zen 32. And it is owned by the same group. Revo B is sure to be a hit with the trendy Biltmore crowd looking for a relaxed place to have healthy organic mexi. It will remind you very much of Blue Burrito. We ate there tonight in a soft open/evaluate the restaurant opening. Revo specializes in organic fresh ingredients including Harris ranch meats and top shelf fish--see the website. If this new kid on the block is anything like its bordering siblings, we will have a big winner. I ordered the carne asada burrito but got the Chicken Fajita burrito. The floor manager apologized and promised to make the kitchen aware of the mistake, but did not offer to replace. This burrito was free and really good so I didn't care. The rice side dish is very tasty with corn and lots of butter --shades of latin risotto. My wife had the same meal but in a bowl and she loved it. We also had their flavored lemonade --raspberry and mango and they were both done well. There is a choice of three different salsa/hot sauce toppings, but we couldn't hear the girl behind the counter (am I 100?) and so, just nodded our heads. I got something green and hot and really good. RB- consider posting these salsa options somewhere on the menu. Being the soft open, there were mistakes being made with orders around us, but nobody seemed to mind too much. RB is the kind of place where whatever you get, you will like. They have some kind of donutty-looking deserts displayed but won't be ready to serve until the full opening. Dining area looks cramped, but the stools help make it a lot more open than it first appears. There is decent sidewalk seating which will be popular when the weather is cool. There is also a walk-up take out window. Looking forward to coming back and also reading other reviews.
4	Brought to you by the owners of the growing restaurant empire that includes Delux, Delux 2Go, and Zen 32 is their newest baby Revo Burrito.  Located in the same strip mall as the rest of these eateries, is this brightly-lit, colorful Mexican joint.  First off, I commend the owner for being able to make these strip-mall restaurants so pleasant .... I actually enjoy the atmosphere of all of them, and Revo is the same.  The upbeat vibe and warm decor actually made me forget the loads of work I still had to do - plus all of the staff was so friendly! You order your food from a counter and the staff brings it to you - kind of like a Pei Wei set up. I ordered the chicken machaca taco combo, and my boyfriend ordered the Beef tacos.  The chicken was shredded and had been marinated, and it was soo yummy! I had one crispy and one soft, but I definitely wish I would've gotten two crispy - the crispy are better in my opinion.  The tacos were served with black beans and rice.  Both of these were good, but the rice was especially good because it had corn mixed in, and some sort of cream -- mmmm. Nick liked his tacos, but his favorite part of the meal was the lemonade.  They had about five different flavors of homemade lemonade - we tried the strawberry, mango, and raspberry - both of us thought strawberry was the best! Nick said he'd be coming back just for the lemonade! So, overall, we really liked this place, but I will probably not be coming here as often as I'd like to because despite the Pei-Wei style set-up, there are no Pei Wei prices here! $24 bucks for my taco combo, nicks two a la carte tacos, and two lemonades (on and they charged 1.50 for a side of sour cream) .... I suppose the fact that everything was organic made up for this, but I'm happy with going down the street to America's tacos and spending a quarter of that when I need my burrito/taco fix.  Hope this place does well, though, because it's a welcome addition to one of my favorite strip malls! P.S. They are only open for dinner right now! Said they are waiting a few weeks to open for lunch because they expect to be busy!
4	I am gonna go out on a limb and say they could have THE best chicken fajita burrito in the valley, if not this side of Rocky Point!!!  I felt like the chicken had been pulled from the coop out back and flavored from grandmas long lost recipe.  And their tortilla!!!  I know that Carolinas has been winning the tortilla award for the last 20 years, but I think Revo will give them a run for the money in the next go round.  All of this greatness was accompanied by fresh raspberry/strawberry lemonade that was just like the fresh stuff you get at the fair!I was not as much of a fan of the shredded beef... but that is fine I don't need anything else but there chicken!  the other negative no cervesa or margaritas!!!
3	on the for reals my yelpers.  I'm gonna break it down for ya'll like this:Boss and I decided we'd try the new hot spot for dinner tonight but we were in kind of a hurry.  We weasled our way to the front counter and  ordered the first two dishes the cashier suggested.  I had the carne asada burrito, the lady friend chose the fish tacos.  we shared a strawberry lemonade.Food arrived quickly and and looked promising.  Served in what looked to be left over delux2go containers and Styrofoam plastic plates complete with little round stickers describing the contents of each plate. anyways, on to the food.  Bit into the burrito and wow utter shock as the mix of bland flavors filled my mouth.  Thinking I might have just hit a bad spot I tried again... then again...  No luck.  pure disappointment.  The fish tacos were somewhat better.  Fish tasted fresh, not fried, ample cabbage and overall decent presentation.  The tortillas were decent though not stellar.  definitely the better of the two.Needless to say, I was expecting more.  Its got a great vibe and atmosphere but could take some serious notes from the Filberto folks on the food.  Now maybe if they hired a couple of filibertos cooks to train these rookies this place could have serious potential.
3	Ordered: Carne Asada Burrito with hot salsa and fresh old time lemonade.The Good: Meat was tender, juicy, and cooked perfectly (could use some seasoning). Hot Salsa had a smokey with moderately spicy flavoring, blended well with the steak. Order was prepared quickly. The Bad: Portion was small. Guacamole was all but invisible. Not much beyond the flavoring of the meat, i.e. salsa picante was bland needs a kick from more jalapeno.  Lemonade was good but not worth $2.50 with no refills. Chips were terrible. When are restaurants going to realize that ordering multi-colored tortilla chips from Sysco is not a good idea? I guess that's why they give you a tiny bag filled with only five chips. Overall: I like big burritos with lots of everything, lots of meat, lots of salsa, and lots of guacamole. You are not going to get that at Revo. I guess that fits in with the modern decor and trendy feel, but it left me hungry and wondering why I didn't go down the street to Chipotle.
5	Revo Burrito is a healthy mexican food option.  I was shocked when reading these reviews and saw the terms tasteless and bland.  It could not be further from the truth.  I read one speaking about Filibertos having superior food and I think what they are mistaking for flavors is the pounds of lard that other mexican food restaurants cooks with.  Revo has a wonderful blend of grilled food and seasoning to make the meal flavorful while still being a healthy option.  I am a foody and love fatty bad food however have eliminated it due to obvious health reasons, Revo is allowing me to eat out WITHOUT the feeling of being deprived.  Several of my co-workers have also eaten there and it has been unanimous that for fresh food that is not weighed down with grease and fat this is beyond favorful and fantastic.   Their price is fair for the amount of food they are serving.  I bought the chicken fajita rice bowl for 6.50 and it was a complete meal.
2	This place is another Chipotle styled fast food Mexican restaurant brought to you by the owners of Delux and Zen32. Decor and styling are very similar to the other restaurants (eclectic) and is very vibrant. There is a very cool vibe when you walk in and some very original decorations. Food. I was very disappointed, since I like Delux quite a bit, I had very high expectations for Revo. The portions were a bit on the small side and the flavors were very lacking. I expected a full flavored carne asada and got a very bland meat burrito with a guacamole that might as well have been just avocado puree. The rice was pretty decent and had a creamy texture similar to a risotto, but needed salt and spices. The only redeeming factors were the amazing lemonade and the salsa. I'm not sure a place this bland will survive with so many other better options around that area, but I know I won't be going back without some major changes.
4	Filly B's and Revo B are not even in the same ball park.Fillaburto's=Greasy Jalisco that only deserves late night, drunken cravingsRevo B's=Fresh, flavorful (my carne asada was mouthwatering), reasonably priced, and good for any meal!I usually judge a good Mexican inspired restaurant by the salsa.  Revo's salsas definitely passed my test.  I only had the burrito, so I cannot speak for any other side dishes. I liked the way my burrito was crisp on the outside and simple goodness on the inside.  Sure the portions aren't the biggest, but I think we should all cut back on eating the full 1lb burrito at Filly B's and Chipotle***and people wonder why they are fat!I will definitely be back to try the Lemonada, and the chicken.  The only thing that keeps me from giving the full 5 stars is the decor.  I think it is a bit overdone and tacky.  They should tone it down a notch with the mirrors and colors.
4	Very cute Place, I love that they have a walk up window to order your  food and to pick up to go orders.  You can also order inside at the counter.  I got the Vegetarian burrito and added mahi mahi to it.  It was a nice size burrito and I have to say it was pretty good, you can tell the freshness of the ingredients, the burrito had grilled red and green bell peppers, yellow squash, zucchini, onions, corn, rice and pico de gallo.  I also got the raspberry lemonade, it was very tart had to water it down a little, it also had a spice added to it not sure what type of spice, but it was also good.  My Friend got the  carne asada burrito and she also enjoyed it, she said the meet was flavored  just right.  We enjoyed our visit at Revo Burrito!
4	upon getting stood up for a recent dinner date (don't waste your tears for me and my love life, i've already forgiven the lady in question and well, let's just say she's making it up to me) i decided to visit Revo Burrito for a quick bite before heading out to meet a couple friends at Shady's (review forthcoming).  Being more or less in the area, i thought of the still fairly new Revo Burrito, remembering that it had recently been given 4 of 5 stars in the Republic's Casual Dining section and that a good friend of mine (yelper Chad S) had raved about it.  I decided Revo was the place to go.  I knew almost exactly were it was, having visited both sister restaurants (Delux and Zen32) many times.  It has a neat ambiance, though i would have loved some less annoying "thematic" music and maybe a television.  Sometimes it is possible to take a restaurant theme a bit too far, and in this case i think they're trying to encourage people to get their food to go or eat outside.  Which is a pity because the interior of the place is really quite nice.  Anyway, i'm not sure why I ordered the tacos rather than one of the burritos from which give the place its name, but i'd recommend you don't take that route, or at least that you choose soft tacos instead.  The hard tacos are a little too crispy which make them a bit tricky to eat without making a mess.  The filling (i chose the carne asada) was good though, and the presentation was satisfactory.  Good cheese and lettuce on top, with a dab of pico de gallo.  I ordered the combo, which included a fairly healthy heap of black beans and another good-sized scoop of rice, which was covered with a creamy sauce.  A little sweet while i prefer my rice more savory, but it was good.  In addition, it came with a pinch of chips and a little cup of salsa.  I was completely satisfied by the time i was finished with everything, but I do wish they had given me a few more chips, given their small size and awkward shape.  they were nearly perfect, obviously fresh and would have been great for scooping up a little rice and beans had they been larger and flatter.  i ordered the "medium" salsa which is apparently code for pico de gallo, which i don't really enjoy.  i'd love to sample other salsas, the pico was fresh and good in its own right.  despite the chilly night air, i also ordered the lemonade, and was very impressed with that.  I love fresh-squeezed lemonade, and this was very flavorful without being either too sweet or too tart.  all in all, i enjoyed my meal and look forward to returning to try the rest of the menu.
4	Revo Burrito (yes, it is pronounced REE-vo) is my new obsession. It's another restaurant by Lenny Rosenberg, the inventor of Blue Burrito Grille, and current owner of Father's Office knockoff Delux Burger and mediocre sushi joint Zen 32. Situated on the same corner as its cousins, Revo Burrito stands apart as a delicious, fresh, pile of amazingness. The best way to describe the food is like a Chipotle that is run by gourmet chefs. The beans are delicious, if a bit simple, and have perfect texture. The rice is amazing; it is creamy with corn mixed in. I have had the grilled veggie burrito (squash, peppers, etc.) and the organic black bean burrito, both of which are great. I would recommend the veggie, though, and order it as a platter with rice and beans on the side so you can still get your fill of both. The combo platters also come with so-so chips and fresh salsa -- get the tomatillo. The pricing usually works out to be a bit on the high side for a quick-service joint: A burrito combo and a lemonade will set you back about $12 by the time all is said and done, so it isn't cheap, but it is worth it.The burritos are made fresh and the service is very helpful. It is a modified Pei Wei sort of set up where you order at the counter and they bring the food to you. The decor is very trendy and eclectic, although I find it very annoying when a restaurateur spends so much time and effort on the design and architectural detail of the space, then starts printing up signs like "order here" and "we now serve brown rice" on what appears to be a HP inkjet, then tapes them to the registers, counters, etc. There is a reason why sign professionals exist -- use them.And, the best comes last: The lemonade, oh the lemonade. I could do without the gaudy FastSigns that assault you at the entrance, but I can forgive them because the lemonade is so amazing. They serve a traditional, fresh-squeezed, old-fashioned lemonade in addition to mango, strawberry and raspberry flavors. I recommend going for a mix of the two berries... it is heaven. I would drink it all day long if I could.Stop by Rev Burrito one of these nights, and odds are you will see me there enjoying a veggie combo. Seriously, I will be there.
2	In a word, disappointing.  I've never dined at Delux.  Despite their reputation, I find it hard to believe that I could get a burger, better then an animal style, Double-Double, outside my own grill.  Now that I know that the folk who own Delux also own Revo, I doubt that I will ever taste a Delux burger.My friend and I ordered separately.  I, a Green Chili burrito and she, a cheese crisp.  Service was OK.  I got my burrito in a timely fashion but my friend had to wait forever for her cheese crisp.  This isn't a sit down joint so I don't discredit it too much for that.I picked up my burrito and as it was flopping over, I took my first bite.  It deflated.  I saw what little was inside, sink to the bottom half of the tortilla.  My burrito was half-hollow.  What filling was inside was bland and of little substance.  The salsa was pretty good but needing it is not a plus.My friends cheese crisp was good but no points for melting cheese on an open tortilla and slapping guacamole and pico de gallo on it.I certainly won't be eating here again.  I am not fooled by upscale decor.On a side note: The Jalisco-style places are just as fresh as a Revo.  Saying they're not makes you look ignorant and stuck-up.
4	Carne tacos kick ass. This is just like the old Blue Burrito... Should be, it's by the same owner. Great food, great location.
3	I had heard this was operated by the same peeps that rock Delux and Zen 32, so I had to give it a try.  Living in Arizona, there is ALWAYS room for another fantastic burrito and restaurant to serve it, but sadly, I'm not sure this is it...I took a lady friend with picky eating habits (the ultimate test) for a dinner on our way out for the evening.  She stayed true to the New Years mantra of eating healthy and got the Chicken Fajita Bowl with the brown rice.  I am sad to say I didn't order it.  It looked and tasted great.   I had the black bean burrito.  I love black beans, and while the beans were plentiful, the burrito was missing something.  It was bland, and the white rice mixture that came with the combo was actually kind of nasty.  Not sure what kind of milk like product is in there, but it upset my stomach.  I will say their tortillas were amazing.  Not quite Carolina's good, but the best one can do without using lard!Beyond the food, the service was a bit slow and unorganized.  They had more people working (and looking around not knowing where they needed to be) than eating.  The decor is cool, and the environment, minus the shakira playing over the radio, is quaint, but I thought the overall experience was disappointing.
4	OK, seriously people. What the fudge is up with all of the signs? was there a sale on ink cartridges at Office Depot?I know I complained about the handmade, ridiculous signs that the Revo folks have covering the beautiful, tasteful decor in my last review. But I swear the things are reproducing like rabbits. Now there is a kids menu taped to the back of each register, a framed, printed review on the counter, a tent sign and chalkboard in the middle of the dining room with a review taped to it, and I swear to god, there was a microphone behind the counter that they were using to call orders back to the kitchen, like it is a 1980s Burger King.I love love love the food at Revo, but please don't let the place get out of control so soon.
4	Been here twice so far... Yay!  I am a fan (like it says).  Both times I picked the shredded beef burrito combo and a strawberry lemonade.  The combo comes with a side of chips and salsa, black beans, and a creamy rice dish.  This creamy rice dish is different but really good, it has sauteed red peppers and onions along with what tastes like sour cream.  The shredded beef burrito was really good... cant decide if I like it better than Chipotle or not.  They are different but I kind of like the consistency of the meat better at Revo than Chipotle, it is more like the consistency of pot roast meat broken into chunks.  Oh and definitely get a lemonade!  so tasty... would be even better with vodka:)
3	I went here today for lunch- I ordered the Carne Asada Burrito to go- I looked around inside the restaurant and saw a lot of people waiting for their food and they did not appear to be too happy.  After 20 minutes, I finally got my food.  The Burrito was pretty good-good carne asada-good flavor but it was somewhat on the small side.  With the homemade lemonade, my entire bill was around $11.00.  I will probably go back because they have a good menu.
4	I am not really sure if some of these other folks just hit the restaurant a little early in its inception or perhaps it was just a bad day?I had a great experience at Revo!  I did not encounter all of the signage, infact I was greeted by what I can only define as a very modern twist on traditional Mexican decoration (pinatas, maracas, etc.).Overall I would highly reccomend Revo to anyone looking for a good meal with homecooked goodness inside!!The only thing I might change would be the over compensating wait staff... checking once or twice is cool, but six times was a little much.
3	The food is delicious fast mexican, the service is friendly, but you'd have to be blind not to think the signage detracts from Revo's otherwise quite pleasant esthetic. If the menu is on televisions, why not put changes up there where they belong? Seems like the point of going to the expense would be so I don't need a little tent on my table telling me that yes, you do now offer burritos "enchilada style."
4	Cool place with a good menu and fair prices. Overall I found it very enjoyable for lunch. We sat outside on the patio and had a nice day. I thought the veggie burrito was very good, healthy portion, and high quality + tasty. They make their own fresh lemonade, which is also tremendous. I was, however, a little put off that they have someone bring you your food and buss your table. I only say this because it is a counter order and super casual... the kind of place where I go when I don't want to have to tip someone for service, but then I felt obligated when he brought my food.All in all a very good experience, and it's blatantly obvious that Kathy Hayes designed the interior, and did a great job of it. It's a fun space. Love the take out window too.
3	Green Chile Burrito Combo - excellent; meat well seasoned and the tortilla is stuffed with sauce and veggies.Breakfast Burrito -  Eggs, taters and stuff. Really good.Sauces - Hot or mild they are very tasty.Black Beans - best tasting part of the meal.White Rice - inviting...must have mayonnaise in there somewhere.Service - Sometimes overwhelming but courteous and fast.Not a destintion restauant if you don't live close but well worth a visit.
3	I'm split on this one.The food? Four stars.  I've had both the veggie burrito and the black bean burrito (the two main veggie options), and both were delicious. My partner has had the chicken burrito twice, and loved it.  Rice? Good. Beans? Good. Worth 5 stars? No, and the prices may be a little high, but it is still good food.The service? Outstanding.  People have always been friendly, the manager always stops by, waitstaff offer salsa and drink refills, they have a togo window, it's great.So why 3 stars?  Two reasons;1) At first, they seem all green/enviro friendly; their placemats are printed with soy-ink, their bathroom offers half-flush to save water. So why the hell are they using STYROFOAM cups for drinks, and the beans/rice?  Hello!  Even if they didn't want to go get bio-degradeable cups, styrofoam is HORRIBLE for the earth. It almost makes it worse that they're clearly trying to be green in other areas, because it's so easy and affordable to find an alternative to styrofoam.2) The other issue is the bathrooms. The women's room has three half naked men hanging out (the men's room apparently has half naked women).  A beach scene, I get, but it's really fucking creepy have life size photos of anyone watching you pee...and as a queer woman, the fact that they're men makes it even creepier. Add to that the wall between the men's and women's is slightly see through, so that when someone is in the other side, you can see the light, and the shadows of their movement.  Super creepy.So breaking it down --Cost: 3 starsFood: 4 starsService: 5 starsWeird policies on being "green" and creepy as hell bathrooms: 1 star.All in all, 3 stars.
4	My favorite on their menu is the Carne Asada burro. They also have fresh squeezed lemonade drinks which are nice. Nice lunch option if you work in the Camelback area. If your looking for an alternative to Chipolte, this is a good one.
3	I am going to start with the decor, I like the set up and the the star lights everywhere very cool and different atomospere, I LOVED blue burrito but the flavor is missing here, its not BAD just BLAND! nothin to brag about!
4	I had the chicken fajita burrito bowl for lunch here yesterday and it was fabulous.  They had several tables out on their patio so I was able to enjoy the sunshine.  My food wasn't quite what I expected, I asked for medium salsa and I didn't find it spicy in the least.  I was also surprised that their rice actually tasted creamy, more like risotto than anything that I've had in mexican food before.  In any case, I really liked it and was sad when I wasn't able to finish the whole thing.  An employee quickly got me a to-go box but unfortunately it didn't really heat up well today.  This would definitely become a staple in my lunchtime rotation if I lived in Phoenix!
4	So if I were to base everything off of one experience, I would have given this a 1-star review. However, I want to give restaurants the benefit of the doubt after one crap experience. SO - because this place is #glutenfree, I've tried it out about 7 times. Overall, I'm giving it 4 stars, because it's awesome (and #gluten free) food, decent service, and has a parking space designated for pick-up only (for shut-ins like myself).I would recommend the mahi mahi taco combo or the chicken machaca taco combo. The combo comes with black beans and this creamy rice with corn and red bell peppers. It also comes with these lightly seasoned tortilla chips that are TDF, and spicy but tasty guacamole (for a bit extra). The protein choices are great, and are quite filling for the $10 range. It's not fast food mexican food for sure. Now i'll leave you with my one bad 1-star review moment, as I'm not generally a liar and want to be upfront with my review. So I'm #glutenfree and it sucks eating out because you always have to be careful. One night I ordered the chicken machaca taco combo to go, took it home, and realized it smelled WAY too good to be #glutenfree. So I called and they said they mistakenly made mine with flour tortillas. Big mistake. They could either send me a gift card, or I could drive back and get the #GF corn tortillas. I argued, but was starving, so I drove back. They didn't comp my meal, but did give me some fruit side dishes for free. I explained to the manager how important it was as a #glutenfree restaurant to serve actual meals without gluten. They apologized and I've been going ever since. The food is just damn good for the price.
4	I had a co-worker tell me that I should try this place out. He went and picked up the food to go. He ordered a carne asada burrito and a side of rice and beans for me. The rice was different but very good. I loved every bite that I ate and that was take out! The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because it's hard for me to order take out from a restaraunt when they are using styrofoam. I will check it out again and see if they have changed to recycable "to go" boxes.
4	very impressed. I have to say I am glad to know the creators of Delux and Zen 32 continued their goal of owning the Biltimore neighborhood when it comes to to quality, moderately priced, creative cuisine. The only reason I am giving them 4 as opposed to 5 stars is because the burrito my sister got was a little too messy and it got on my table cloth:) The fish tacos were superb though, and their rice is amazing... because I love sweet corn in just about anything.
4	Yummy - great food, reasonable prices and cool atmosphere for a restaurant where you order at the counter.
3	From the makers of Delux and Zen32...That was enough to make me not want to go but I kept an open mind and it wasn't bad. It looks like one of those trendy yogurt places. Small, bright colors and tons of people falling out of it.To put this place to the test, I ordered their carne asada combo (comes with black beans and rice on the side) and a mango lemonade. I like the lemonade bar, that's a really cool idea. The space was small but we were able to grab a small table. I leaned back and noticed that the walls were lined with yellow astro turf. Pretty cool.Our food came and it was presented nicely. I had my rice and beans in these cute square bowls. However, the beans were beans and the rice was not so nice. It was cheesy rice, topped with corn and tomatoes. Yucky and just didn't match the other flavors. Nothing Mexican about that. The carne asada burrito was my favorite. The grilled meat was tender and flavorful and the guacamole was spot on. My only complaint is that I wished they chopped the steak better. I've had to stop several times to pull a huge chunk of meat out of my burrito. It's good but not the best I've had. Nice try. And in true tradition of their other chains, overpriced for what you get.
3	For a modern, non-authentic Mexican joint, it's pretty good! Priced pretty cheap.  For a burrito or taco and chips, you pay like $7, but it does fill you up.It's great spot for Lunch.  I usually call in and pick-up, you wait a little bit for some reason after they say it takes 10 minutes over the phone considering it takes me a good 10 minutes to get there! hehehe!Limited seating inside and outside, but clean and modern.
5	Amazingly refreshing!!! Finally a healthy mexican food place. Wonderful atmosphere, and staff. The lemonade is ridiculously good, try the suicide lemonade mix! The manager Ben is best! Tell him Eric sent you!
3	Food was Good.  Prices reasonable.  Ate there Sunday about 1pm.  Slow slow slow
5	This is all I can really say...I am obsessed with Revo!  Literally have a problem...I think about it all the time! I could eat it for breakfast, lunch and dinner! And they are open late so I really can get it all night! The burritos are the best ever...and I feel I can say that because yes, I am a burrito connoisseur. More importantly...their fresh squeezed lemonade is the perfect blend of sweet and sour. If you went to Revo just for the lemonade..I assure you would walk away being the happiest kid. The best part about Revo is...they use very healthy ingredients so the food doesn't way you down. Did I mention how amazing their white rice is?  I can't even explain it...I could go on and on. I am so sure of how wonderfully delicious Revo is, that I would pay someone $100 if they weren't satisfied!
4	I'm going to fall back on the wisdom of the crowd with this one.  Great interior design.  Above, above average Fresh Mex.And the Lemonade is great.
4	Revo is pretty good.  It's no America's Taco Shop, but it is a solid place to grab a bite and enjoy some time with some friends.  America's is obviously the standard by which all Mexican is held accountable in the Valley of the Sun.The best part of the entire meal was the rice with corn.  This might be the best side dish in all of Phoenix.I will be back here.  The only reason that it doesn't get a 5 star rating, is the menu is quite confusing (plus I can't hold it in my hands and read it over).  The best part about America's is that the menu has absolutely no choices.  This is the exact opposite.
3	Wow, this place needs help. Its in an amazing spot but just doesn't measure up to the caliber of other eating establishments that surround it.The service: I called in a to go order consisting of two measely burritos and was told the wait was 45 min. Ok they must be slammed I figured. Get there and there are only a couple people there AND there are 4 employees just standing around behind the counter just shootin the breeze.  Another customer is even waiting in front of me! Finally one of the chatters notices that they actually have waiting customers and we both get helped. My 45 min to go order is miraculously ready after only about 25 min! Whaddya know? Glad I didn't waste time getting there!  The food:I got a combo meal with a fajita chicken burro, black beans and rice. The burrito was pretty good. Nice chunky chicken and awesome hot salsa on the side. Beans were standard, but rice was gross!!!!! It was like rice made like  macaroni salad.My honey had a chicken machaca burro that was pretty good at first but midway through the bottom fell out due to excess moisture and landed in an unappetising lump on the plate. Bottom line:In my opinion, Revo is just not worth the wasted time and money.
5	I love this place! Man, the Chicken Machaca burrito I had for lunch today was s-c-r-u-m-t-i-o-u-s!! OMG so good... and super filling. We go here all the time, especially on the weekends. Their breakfast burrito is amazing.I really like the decor... it's mod and minimalist, without being over the top. Also they have alot of GF (gluten free) menu items, which is a +. And they have their signature lemonade drinks available with Stevia. ++
4	This is definitely a weekend full of new favorite places for me.Revo Burrito definitely topped my expectations. I saw it when we were leaving Delux the day before.The interior is amazing...loved the decor-from the eco friendly bathrooms to the sinks. I ordered the chicken fajita bowl, with brown rice-It's safe to say this is my favorite restaurant brown rice to date-it's flavored with lime and cilantro. Perfect!!Loved the presentation, and I had the sugar free lemonade.Service was polite and quick, and we had a nice night sitting outdoors at the several tables they have.It's open late, which  is great-we have such a hard time finding decent late night dining.We'll be back!
5	OMG THE CREAMY RICE. I can't get over how delicious it truly is; some blend of white rice, sour cream, grilled onions and magical unicorn horns or something because it is awesome! I always get the Chicken Fajita Rice Bowl and it's great every time. The chicken is always tender and perfectly cooked, the vegetables are great...and now we all know how I feel about the rice.I've heard their fish tacos are to-die-for as well, but I've never had the opportunity to try them because I'm so loyal to my beloved rice bowl. The ambiance is super cute too; this is just a great place for a quick bite to eat or for takeout. The counter people/runners are always very friendly and helpful...sometimes almost too helpful! We had one food runner who loitered near our table the whole meal and kept asking us if we needed anything, it got to be a bit much - but that's okay, I'd much prefer that to being neglected as customers so often are these days.The Deluxe/Zen 32 folks have another winner!
5	Wow, Revo Burrito has the best veggie burrito Ive had in a very very long time. Yummy zucchini and squash, grilled onions and peppers all on a whole wheat tortilla (anything on a wheat tortilla I am a fan of). I did however make a few tweaks to it, I am not a fan of their creamy rice, I much prefer their delicious organic black beans, so I asked if they could replace the rice for some beans, they happily did, amazing! Plus it usually comes with rice and beans, I didn't even have to ask for double beans they just knew by the way I ordered to nix the trice on my plate, now that's service. I also just had to try one of their fresh lemonades, I had a mango favored one and yes it was mango-tastic. Their chips and guacamole are great, I love it when tortilla chips have that tiny hint of lime, its always a nice surprise. My better half tried the fish tacos, He seemed to enjoy them but I know he was eying my superb burrito. I ordered to go, and this by far was the easiest pick up of a to-go order I have ever had, they have a window right next to the front door so there is no need to even go inside and my order was ready right when I got there. It literally took me less than a minute to grab my food pay and be on my way to dig into the greatness in the comfort of my own home.
2	My girlfriend took me here on her suggestion and neither of us were very impressed. I got the green chile burrito and the meat was cold and tough and the lettuce was really wilted. We got take out, and I obviously didn't notice until I got home, so I called and spoke with the manager and he offered to make me another one and also gave me a free dessert. When I got in my car, drove back down and was made another one, it was also less than to par when I got back home. The red velvet cake I got was not very good either. The icing on it was like glue and the cake had a reminiscent taste of coffee grounds. Bizarre. I will say the customer service when I went back in was excellent, and the manger Will was great, but I sadly can't say that for the cooks in the back.
4	Revo is such a great place, both for the atmosphere and the food. The rice is nothing short of pure perfection. I ordered the Combo on accident once, rather than just the burrito, and I was simply blown away. It is definitely something to savor! The black beans are not anything special unfortunately, but they are a good addition to the chips and yummy poured over a burrito. The salsa is just as amazing as the rice. I love southwest/mexican food, and have been to numerous places that serve salsa. There is something different about the salsa at Revo that gives it a boost above the rest for me and my roommate. We both HIGHLY reccomend it. I have the hot and he orders pico. We both LOVE everything we have had at Revo, except for the average black beans. Nevertheless, they serve as a good addition when eaten on the burrito. I would give our and a half stars if possible.
5	Chicken machaca...absolutely beautiful!  Slow cooked, spicy, dripping magical mouth-feel goodness.  To anyone who has tried this place and given it mediocre marks, your mistake was in ordering the wrong thing. Side notes: Limonada...perfect!  My favorite is the strawberry, but all are worth a try.  Creamy rice is buttery and smooth.  Black beans are healthful.  Get a VIP card and score a sweet meal for under 8 bones.  Side-side note: To all YELP haters...to all the "I wanted to like this place, but..." or "My friend said it was amazing, but..." or "I'm giving this 1 star because they forgot to hold the onions..." YOU ARE MAKING A GRAVE MISTAKE.  Yelp is not your personal bitch-fest.  I'm sorry you live an unhappy life, or your job sucks, or you suffer from a horrible skin condition.  The fact is that small businesses are made or broken by your thoughtless reviews.  If you have a suggestion, see the "suggestion box."  If you want to hate, please stop doing it in my neighborhood.  I want more independent, homegrown businesses like Revo...and fewer Chili's and Applebee's.  Final note: I have no connection to Revo Burrito...I just love the food and my neighborhood.  See you 'round.
2	Went in on a Monday night for dinner after work when I didn't feel like cooking.  They have a lot of burritos, and health conscious options.   Food is okay but you'll know exactly which farm your food came from at Gallo Blanco downtown AND get more for your money!  Disappointing that I couldn't get a cold Mexican beer with lime to have with my dinner.  They do have a variety of fresh squeezed lemonade, that along with the decor makes me want to classify this as a "lunch only" place.  I'm likely to try it again for lunch, but I'll scratch it off my list as a casual dinner option.
5	Love this place! They have a vegan/vegetarian burrito that is delicious. So refreshing to be able to walk into a Mexican place and not have to worry about lard too! All their tortillas are lard-free and delicious. I will go back again and again!
1	Called in about 10:00 am for a breakfast burrito, and now at 5:00pm, I am still regretting it! It was the worst burrito ever!  I also got one for my son, and he agreed it was awful, he said it best, "the best part of the burrito, was the end of it!  Since I was not able to finish my mine, because it was so bad,. I never did get to the best part!  WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT.  SAVE YOUR $$ AND YOUR STOMACH THE PAIN .
4	The food being served from within a restaurant can partially be defined by the feeling of its surroundings. For this, Revo is a definite 5 stars...or more if you count all the star lighting from the ceiling! Okay, okay...I can't deny that I'm a fan of Hayes Studio and Cathy Hayes. You know...Delux next door and Modern Steak...each giving off similar vibes only themed differently.I had two tacos - shredded beef and carne asada. Each was served on double corn tortillas with salsa fresca. The meat was excellently seasoned and i was partial to the shredded beef. They also are 'known' for their lemonade, so I couldn't pass up the seasonal white peach lemonade! Definitely a memorable food element to mix within a quaint Mexican food joint.Overall, it felt like a healthier spin on traditional Mexican food so it's guiltless. I'd definitely stop in again if I was in the area, it was a great place for lunch. It's quite small inside, but ordering "to go" would be a great option!
2	I love DB so have been curious to try Revo out.  I went there today and had a vegetarian burrito with a wheat tortilla, a sugar-free(stevia) lemonade, and a gluten free chocolate cake thinggy.  First, the food - meh - it was okay - the rice was moist and the veggies crispy - but there was absolutely no wow factor.  Good thing they put salt in the take out bag too.  If you do not absolutely love stevia - and/or licorice flavored lemonade, don't go there - I wish they would just have it unsweetend and let you add your own poison - mine would be truvia - the cake thinggy was chocolatey - and the white stuff in the middle was tasty - and it was gluten free - so for a gluten free cake, it was pretty good - but again - no wow.  But then, maybe this type of food is not intended to have "wow"?  I felt kind of like I do at True Food.  In my heart of hearts I am not really loving this experience - but I am thinking that I am doing something GOOD for my body - so, as with exercise - I hope there is some gain with pain - maybe better antioxidant levels or something - NOT weight gain.  This healthy journey ran around 15 bucks - not unreasonable for what I got.
1	I read an article about Revo Burrito in the Phoenix magazine and I wanted to check it out!  A different kind of a taco shop. The restaurant has great choices of healthy food options and I love their vegetarian burrito. The only thing that needs improvement is the customer service.
5	As usual, the former owner of blue burritto has built another gem.
5	I ate there again and they have changed there containers to recyclable "to go" containers. :) The food was de-lish again.
3	For the longest time I was not a big fan of this place. I like my Mexican a tad more authentic. Revo is like the Trader Joe's  of Mexican take out.  The place is modern, the tables are clean, the signage boasts of vegetarian or gluten free meals.  What it lacks for in flavor it tried to make up for in advertising. What's so special about the lemonade? Have you tried the horchata at Mesquite? Puuleeze. Then I got over myself and changed my expectations. The food is decent, the ingredients fresh and they make great fish tacos. Order them to go, get home and put some real salsa on them and you'll have a cheap and yummy meal. And let's face it, a lot less calories than your normal Mexican take out.
3	Had the chicken machaca.  I thought it was pretty good, but I wouldn't call it great.  So, it's a pretty good burrito for $6.50.  it came with some tortilla chips and they gave me a couple of salsas for the chips and the burro.It's an attractive restaurant, with lots of cool visual details.I'll probably go back to try something else on the menu.  They have a big menu, so there are lots of choices.  But based on the chicken machaca alone, I wouldn't go out of my way to go to Revo again.
3	Looks like they are applying for a liquor license...exciting!
5	We had the chicken machaca #27. It was very good. The sides black beans and white rice were also good. Also the lemonade was a thirst buster. My wife had the sugar free lemonade and it was also good. Looking forward to going back. The Yelp discount was the ticket.
5	I love Revo Burrito!!  After reading some of the negative reviews on here, I am convinced some of these people should have eaten at Filiberto's for dinner instead (Don't get me wrong, I love some Fili-b's, but it's like comparing apples to oranges).  One of the main reasons I love Revo Burrito is because they serve food with integrity.  All natural, anti-biotic free chicken, organic black beans, lard free wheat tortillas, etc.  I love the flavor of their dishes.  And after trying whole wheat tortillas at every restaurant that offers them, I think that Revo's are far superior.  Guacamole is great, chicken machaca is always tasty, their cheese blends are unique...and I really do love their 'hot sauce'.  It should also be noted that they participate in the SouthWest rapid rewards dining, which is always a plus!!  I am a big fan of Revo and hope they are many more restaurants with Revo's thinking to follow.
5	One of my favorite places to go eat!!!   Absolutely love the fish taco!  Chicken Tacitos are great for appetizers!  Make sure to get guacamole on the side.
3	I'm sorry, Revo - normally I'd give you a solid 4, maybe even a 5, but you're letting me down!I have always LOVED the chicken machaca tacos and raved about your creamy white rice.  Unfortunately, the last 2 visits have been disappointing and tonight was the 3rd strike.The chicken tacos continue to be great, but tonight they were really watery.  I'm all about messy food if it's yummy, but I took my food to go and the tortilla was pretty soggy by the time I got home.  No biggie - I can handle that.  But the rice.  Where was my rice??? The last 2 times the rice has been more dry than creamy.....but I ordered a side of rice to take home and enjoy despite having been disappointed. Mediocre "revo rice" is better than no "revo rice."  There was no rice in the bag.  No rice?? I paid for rice - it was on the receipt. I eat at Revo mostly for the rice.  But tonight there was no rice.  Revo! It's Cinco de Mayo and you left out my rice!Why didn't I go back and demand my rice?  Because I was already home and settled in. Revo - please go back to the way you were! I miss your yummy rice and dependable service!!
4	Stopped here for a quick pick up of lunch. Great service, cool people and the food was really good. They accommodated the gluten requirements, however the cook still put a flour tortilla in foil in my bag. They might consider a better system to avoid the waste and the no gluten request.
5	I love this place, and am there way to often. It's vegetarian friendly, has organic options, and the lemonade rocks. Service is always friendly, and willing to go the extra mile.
5	This place is AMAZING.The location is great. I ordered the carne asada burrito and it was filled wih the best steak I've ever had in a burrito. The staff is friendly and the people watching is perfect. Definitely a small location and is somewhat fast food esque. I would recommend to anyone looking to get out of the office for lunch. Delicious!
4	First time eating in. Pretty good. They only have one Salad (The Unica) that is on the healthier side of life; however, this salad is INCREDIBLE. I got it with the grilled halibut. Perfect portion. If your not counting calories than this place definitely gets 5 stars. They have a TON of gluten free options too. They kicked us off the patio for moving one of the tables out of the sun which they said "violate the wheelchair policy." Understandable and kinda funny. Plus, who rolls in a wheelchair when its 107 degree outside? The new-school electric menu is rather cool. Get sum.
5	4stars for the "place."5stars for the FISH TACOS.   Bottom __Best I have ever tasted...if I taste better I'll make sure kick my self in disbelief.Nuff said,R\_
5	This place is a homerun! Honestly, I don't understand how it hasn't received 5 stars across the board. I think some people are so use to eating crappy food that they just don't understand what delicious healthy food is. I'm impressed by the high quality ingredients and I hope this never changes. Have I mentioned the creamy rice?! OMG...yum! I'm addicted. Service is decent and the decor is fun and unique. What more can you ask for...
5	Just a heads up, don't go here with the expectation that you're getting authentic Mexican food. All of us Zonies know that a really great authentic Mexican restaurant almost always begins with a Mexican woman's name :)This place is very good for what it is, it's a modern Mexican joint. I like the fish or carne asada tacos. They have lemonade of all sorts, the sour kind that tastes homemade, and oh-so good if you ask me. The creamy rice is my fav (don't look up the ingredients, it will ruin the fun in eating it). The salsa is so-so. My bf is not a fan of AZ Mexican food, he is more of a tex-mex kinda guy, and he likes this place -great for me, since it is close by. The decor is fun and the employees are perky. It is also low-key place that is easy and you can go as you are.
2	Have tried this place a few times now we sometimes order it for everyone at work. My impression is that its a step up from Taco Bell.
3	I wanted to try Revo Burrito because I am such a fan of Delux Burger (Same Owners). I'm not sure if it was because my expectations where so high because of Delux, but I was let down with my meal. Nothing really memorable about my burrito, the only thing I remember was the rice on the side (Should have just got a rice burrito). The lemonade is a big part of their concept, but it was way too sweet and very sour. I want to try this place again. Maybe I will try the fish tacos that people like on the reviews.
5	This is not a typical greasy, god knows where the meat or produce for that matter comes from- Mexican joint.  Phoenix needs more places like this.  "Natural meats" people!  I'm shocked that this place doesn't have at least 4 or 5 stars?  We probably go a few times a month and I get catering for work, ALWAYS great food and great service.  2 words FISH TACOS, AMAZING!If you are looking for same ole same ole Phoenix Mexican food, go somewhere else (Phoenix is full of them), this place is too healthy and fresh to be one of those.
5	I absolutely LOVE the creamy white rice from Revo. Don't get me wrong, the rest of the food is yummy too, but not as yummy as that rice, if I could get a giant tub of the rice to take home, I would. Don't forget to try the wonderful lemonade
4	Lately I've been craving the chicken machaca burritos at Revo. My husband and I love this place. It's a slightly healthier version of really great mexican food. We love the hip vibe and location at 32nd St & Camelback. The prices aren't bad and the menu is complete. Try the creamy rice side dish - delish. My husband swears by the carne asada. They also have a variety of house-made lemonades. One is even made with stevia for those cutting back on sugar. My six year old boy loved it. We'll be back!
4	In summary, this place is great for a quick bite when craving Mexican but not the slathered cheese and runny beans all over your plate. So, I haven't actually been inside, as my husband got take-out twice now but it looks modern and inviting when I drive by. They have some healthier Mexican options on the menu which is always nice. The burritos are big! I tried the pork one and my husband had the pulled chicken one. They are pretty good and reasonably priced. My menu fave is the creamy rice side. OMG it's so creamy and rich and delicious... this is not one of the healthier options I was talking about, but completely worth the calories. The black beans are good as well, better than most Mexican restaurants. On a final note, the management is responsive and they seem to genuinely care about customer satisfaction. That's always a bonus in my book!
5	Love the shredded beef, the whole wheat tortillas, and the stevia-sweetened homemade lemonade. One of my favorite places for a quick meal!
4	revo is kinda like chipotle in that you don't go there for MEXICAN tacos or burritos, you go there for REVO (or chipotle) tacos or burritos.that said, i actually always always get the chicken fajita bowl with creamy rice.  i'm not sure what's in the creamy rice, but i'm pretty sure it's (sour) cream (or something similar) and it makes it DELICIOUS...and definitely high in calories.  the fish tacos are really good, too.  i normally can't help myself and get a flavored lemonade...that i end up finishing before my food is ready.
4	I work nearby and eat at Revo on a relatively regular basis...say three or four times a month.  I would say that I am a Revo fanboy for what it is.  This place is not authentic Mexican, however, I seriously crave it often.  A couple of things that would make this place great...1) Open earlier so that the breakfast burro can be eaten at breakfast, and not at 11am.  2) Hire more chefs so that the food doesn't always come with a considerable wait.  That's really it.  Almost all the burritos are good to great and the rice is no joke!
3	Alright, Revo - you've brought back your yummy rice!  Last night I enjoyed a tasty little cup of creamy white rice with my machaca tacos (yes, the same order as last time).  The tacos continue to be better eaten at the restaurant than after they've been smashed together in tin foil for To Go orders.  I'm all about saving the planet and reducing waste, but perhaps there's a better packaging solution or technique that would prevent the tortillas from becoming mushy and joined together - giving me one big taco rather than two small ones....  Or maybe I should just order the chicken machaca burrito from now on....Thanks for fixing the rice! Now the tacos! :) :)
4	Whole wheat tortillas!!!?? What!!!?? I'll come back for that alone. It's a mystery to me why more burrito places don't do whole wheat but way to go Revo. I guess it's because we don't associate healthy with Mexican food. With that said, I really give this place a 3.5. Service was slow but for what you get I think the prices are right on. The cheese crisp was a good amount of food for what we paid and my burrito was not bad. Since the ingredients seemed fresh and healthier, I didn't want to kill myself  after eating like I would if I had some greasy tacos from Tee Pee or Don Jose's. As mentioned above, the whole wheat tortillas will bring me back and i will always prefer to support the locally owned businesses but this place will not blow you away by any means. (P.S. the men's bathroom is pretty funny)
5	God made Revo Burrito, and saw that it was good.Spectacular lemonades.  Tasty salsas.  Amazing fish tacos.  Try it!
2	One star for service.  3.5 for food.Dear Revo, When a business orders lunch to be ready at a specific time, and well in advance, MAKE THE DAMN FOOD AND MAKE IT READY WHEN YOU SAY YOU WILL.Sorry for yelling.  Had to vent.  They have done this to me 3 times now where we order at 11 for an 11:45 pickup only to have the person picking up wait 20 minutes.  You've lost our office's lunch business.This is a shame because the food is quite good.  Even if you eat in they are very slow though.SO, if you have an hour or two for lunch, give it a try.  Everything I have had is good.  Solid green chili and carne asada.  Real stand out is the creamy rice that comes with the combos, YUM!
2	Something about an order counter and gigantic menu above gives the impression that this burrito place will be somewhere you can grab lunch in less than an hour. But that would be wrong,  slow to order. Forever to get drinks, forever to get chips and guacamole, and just about 50 minutes in the lunch entrees arrive. The lemonades are delicious, the guacamole is ok, needs a little flavor,  but the other food is good.  I'm a fan of Mexican and there's not much competition in Arcardia/Biltmore but I find myself going to the chain Rubios over Revo. If I want something better, I drive all the way to America's Taco Shop.  Revo just disappoints and can't seem to work out the service kinks.
4	I love how quick and convenient this place.  Everything that I have had has been so good.  I especially love the creamy white rice!
4	Really good fish tacos.  I dont come here for anything for their fish tacos.  Their optional cheezy rice and options with the beans is a nice touch too, also brown rice.  I know this is not baja but you cannot fault these fish tacos very very frresh tasting and nice presentation.  Good juice and margaritas.
4	Why am I giving four stars to a place with veggie burritos worthy of only three? Well.... EVERYTHING ABOUT REVO MADE ME HAPPY.- Free chips and salsa galore. With free refills. Did I mention the word "free?"- Friendly, spunky staff. I was indecisive about choosing a salsa, so they gave me two of both kinds.- Hooks for purses and coats under the tables - innovative, classy and functional.- 100% vegan, filling veggie burritos for seven bucks.- Funkyfresh decor that's reminiscent of... well, nothing really. It's all over the place. In a nice way.- Bathrooms with life-sized images of scantily-clad beach babes and guys on the walls. - Without my asking, waiter took my reusable water bottle and filled it for me before I left. That, my comrades, coworkers, and esteemed colleagues, is how you earn an extra star.
2	"Meh..I've experienced better" pretty much sums this place up for me. It's not that the food is bad, but I don't think it's great either. The quality of the ingredients seems fairly fresh, but my complaint was more in flavor. It just seems bland. And for the price, I honestly feel I can go somewhere else and get more bang for my buck.I know lots of people who love this place, but it just isn't for me. I've tried this place a few times and never felt impressed, so I give it 2 stars because I don't plan on going back.
4	I really like this place. The black bean burrito is great! Good portions. If you order in you get complimentary chips and salsa. Quick service. Fun decor.The reason for the deduction of one star is because the place often seems like cleaning supplies. I appreciate that they try to keep the place clean but please try to do it at the end of the day or get less strong smelling products. It's not the most appetizing smell. I don't want to feel like I am eating my burrito with a side of Windex, I would rather smell my food.
5	The food was MUCH better than I expected. I was just happy they were open till 11:00 pm but the food was excellent.I LOVED the rice! The hot salsa was in fact spicy which is a big +1 for me. I had the shredded beef tacos and they were also quite good. The peach lemonade was a nice touch as well.Lenny (the owner) was there and he was extremely congenial and that is always a really cool experience.I cannot wait to go back.
4	I happen to like modern Mexican and have been to Revo's twice and both times had the Carne Asada tacos. The food is really good and inexpensive for great quality. I like they have whole wheat tortilla as an option. I will go here over chipotle any day. I plan to come back soon and try something new.
3	For this to be the right fit it depends on what kind of mexican food you are looking for. It kind of fits into the Chipotle, Baja Fresh Rubio's world but selling point is farm raised organic etc etc. So slightly smaller portion slightly higher price but all good food . I have had both steak and chicken burritos and both were on par with restaurants mentioned above maybe even slightly better. You pay the premium for higher quality ingredients but not such a premium in taste.
5	Love this place, my favorite is the chicken machaca tacos with hot salsa and a side a guacamoli. Messy, but absolutely delicious =) Service is quick, people are nice, place is clean and the food is fresh and good quality. You can't go wrong!
4	ate here on a Sunday at noon and had a great experience, no wait in line to order and plenty of free tables. the restaurant has a really clean, colorful, fun atmosphere. I ordered the carne asada taco combo that came with rice and beans. it was a lot of food, I brought more than half of it home for leftovers. I've never had rice like this before - creamy white rice with bits of corn in it. it was different, but good! I love how hot their salsa is and their chips are great too. will definitely be back here again. especially once it cools down and I can bring my dog and sit on their front patio.
4	Tasty black beans and veggie burritos.  Good to-go vegetarian burritos!  A rarity here in Phx.
2	Perhaps 2.5 stars.  I went here twice, and I was satisfied with the chicken fajita burrito.  It's pretty much a chicken fajita already but in a burrito for you.  Grilled chicken, lightly cooked peppers, etc.  Little bland for my tastes but this meal was decent enough.  Besides, not a lot that could go wrong there.  The green chile burrito is reminiscent of your school lunch burrito.  So if you want to know what your high school bully's victory tasted like after he stole your lunch money, rest assured that you had the last laugh.And the chips....banging.  They do do chips very well here.
4	Just tried Revo for the first time last night. Food was really good, the service was awesome and it has such a cool feel to it. We ate there and it was not very busy but people were coming in for take out orders constantly. Pretty cool place where you can grab a burrito and a beer!
5	Dropped somebody off at this shopping center and then dropped into Revo to sample the food at about 8pm. Not too crowded and at first the giant menu board is a bit overwhelming, especially since they start their list of burritos with Number 10-17. So, I'm like where is burrito's 1-9, but they don't exist just like Manti's girlfriend. Eventually decided on the Chicken Machacha tacos which were full of flavor and seasoned with spices, cilantro and then topped with some cheese and a great fresh pico de gallo blend. They weren't the biggest tacos ever, but were well stuffed and choose the crispy style if you want that true crunchy experience. At $9.95, I went for the combo, which is about right for this part of town I guess. The black beans with a hint of cheddar on top was excellent, but my favorite side was the creamy white rice with corn and peppers. Excellent chips rounded out the to-go order. Now, there are plenty of salsa choices and I tried the medium because they didn't put mild in the bag. That salsa had a chipotle kick, but at the last minute I added  a green chili salsa and that made all the difference with these tacos. Green chili sauce is the clear winner and that Revo breakfast burro is looking great next time.
4	Lunch time, went in and got the shredded beef burrito which was actually pretty good. I got the combo so it came with rice and beans which were yummy as well. The place is nice, kind of small so I'm sure it gets packed sometimes. I liked the bathroom layout for some odd reason. You don't see that in many reviews haha. Ps I got the strawberry lemonade and it was really good, nice and sweet. Shortly after did I notice that it was happy hour and margs were $5
4	Cool little spot with good service. Restaurant has a kids' menu and high chairs/booster seat. Fish taco combo is a big serving size and tasty!
2	I really like the food a lot and eaten or carried out food for the past few years. The reason I only give two stars is because hey constantly screw up my carry out order. I had a stretch of like two months in which there was something incorrect  in every carry out both at must have been a record of sorts. Tonight, once had my order messed up I ordered two burritos with no cheese. Guess what? There was cheese, cheese and more cheese. How is it possible that a small restaurant can screw up so frequently. I have no idea.
2	There are so many great places to get fast Mexican food and this isn't one of them.  It's not terrible, and I still go from time to time because its close.  It's clean, quick and convenient.
5	Soooooooo amazing & I'm in love!!!! ;)
4	This is a nice step up from the "-bertos" type of places. You pay more, but the ingredients are much higher in quality. I decided to try a cheaper, more standard type of burrito place and was terribly disappointed - never again! Only negative: the tortilla chips are tasteless.The carne asada burrito rocks!
5	I am so upset that this restaurant is 3 min from my house. I am truly addicted to the Green Chili Burrito Bowl with creamy rice. I can not stop eating it. Oh and did I mention the Old Fashioned Lemonade from real lemons? Someone needs to intervene and force me to try something else. Get the mild sauce as the medium and hot really have no flavor or taste. On the serious side what this restaurant lacks in size and atmosphere it more than makes up for it quality great tasting food and really cool staff.
3	This place . . . Well, how should I begin.  My husband and I have been here about 7 or 8 times. We love the fact that they offer healthy options like wheat tortillas.  My husband LOVES the food.  So much so that we have driven from north Scottsdale to Revo multiple times just to eat there.  If my husband did not love it so much, I most definitely would not travel so far just to eat there on my own.  That said, the food I've had has been really good for the most part.  I love the chicken fajita burrito and their yummy salad.  Even though I like the food, as a few reviewers have said, they do seem to have a difficult time getting one's order correctly delivered to his/her plate.  I think the problem is that the cashiers really do not listen carefully to the orders. I get the impression that they would rather be somewhere else.To speak further about the service/servers, they do say all the right things as far as greeting you, asking if everything was ok, etc.  However, it is obvious they are just going through the motions and not really genuine. One more gripe . . . Tonight, I went there from home to meet my husband who was headed there from Sky Harbor Airport.  I walked in and explained to them, I wasn't sure how long it would take him to get there & that I'd like to start out with the salad.  I did not ask their opinions on the matter but 2 employees piped up and advised me not to order it because it would be too big to tide me over until he came. I still said I wanted it, but they again tried to convince me to get chips and guac instead telling me it's more of a meal sized salad. Finally, I explained to them that I'd had the salad before and that was what I wanted.  I told them that I was very aware of its size and that that was what I wanted. I am not overweight or anything & even if I was, that does not give them permission to critique my order and offer their unsolicited opinions.I still give them 3 stars because the food is good, my husband LOVES the place, and I know we'll be back time and time again.I forgot to mention, the decor and atmosphere are really nice. It gives it an upscale feel and makes for a much more pleasant dining experience than Chipoltle or Rubios.  I really don't understand how some reviewers can compare it to those low-budge places. It's way better than those on many levels.  I just hate the people that work here. I have been served by friendlier people @ many fast food establishments.
1	First and foremost I have hesitated going into this place due to the over priced food on the menu and the stand offish attitudes from the staff. After finally giving them a try I was greated with their not so customer friendly service. Two girls who looked like I was bothering them. After finally getting my order in, it took them what seemed like 20 min to make an extra small overpriced burrito.When I ate this thing I almost vomited. It seriously made me nautious. I will not be going back to this establishment. Do not believe the hype people. The price you pay for the garbage they serve is outrageous. No thank you.
4	Great lunch spot! Wonderful healthy options for Mexican food including gluten free, whole wheat tortillas, brown rice, and vegetarian. The helpings are plentiful and the price is decent. The only downside is it is pretty small, so if you go right around the lunch rush, it is packed and there may not be anywhere to sit. Other than that, it's great! One of my favorites.
5	Food was great. Very tasty, we will return. Burrito itself is enough to fill you up. Lemonade was really good also. We tried the Mango flavor. May do take-out next time as sitting area is very small.
2	I gave this two stars because I will not go back. The only reason I didn't give it one star was because the food was edible and the service was ok. However, I want more than mediocre food for my money. We had the chicken taco combo and a green chile burrito enchilada style (was hoping for a tasty red sauce but it was a soupy green tasteless sauce).  We had the tomatillo sauce and the pico de gallo.   All of it, including the chips were bland. I had a  Stevia lemonade and my partner had a mango lemonade. Mine had too much Stevia in it and I am a BIG Stevia user. Partner's lemonade was so-so. Not much mango flavor and even the lemonade flavor didn't taste natural. Why pay $2.50 for lemonade from a mix? We don't feel a need to give them another try as we often do, because everything was consistently boring. Too bad because  I like to encourage places that serve healthy foods like whole wheat tortillas and brown rice.
3	The food is pretty good.  The prices are a little high.  I wouldn't go out of my way for it but if you're in the neighborhood and want a burrito, it's worth a stop.  The best thing I had was the creamy white rice which has corn mixed in.  That stuff was delicious.
4	The food and service is always amazing. They have multiple "healthy options" like whole wheat tortillas and brown rice. I'm bumping off a star (although I wish I could give 4.5) for several small reasons. First, I feel the prices are a tad higher than reasonable--but just a tad as it it still pretty inexpensive. Second, the store is small so this is really best for takeout which might not always be everyone's preferred option. Otherwise, food is well portioned and I like many of the items they serve. They serve mainly popular versions of burritos like carne asada.
5	I loooooooove Revo... nice portions, the food is consistently tasty,and that friggin' creamy white rice is so addictive.. you're served salsa and chips while you wait, freshly made lemonade and tea. I recommend the green chile pork or the beef tacos.. yummy! It's not a very big and the bathroom is a little awkward, but the place is clean and the staff is friendly. Be warned, the plaza's parking is kind of awful and full of yapping Scottsdale ladies who impede traffic. It's worth the wait. Or possibly running over a cougar. Whatevs.
5	the black bean burrito was  really good and made very healthy.
3	This place is pretty neat!It's in a Safeway complex.I like their taquitos and their tacos. The decor is pretty beach-y. I like it. I've been here a handful of times and everytime I'm not disappointed.
3	Their food is really good! I especially love their carne asada tacos. Their customer service and staff have never done anything positive to stand out. I have not had any bad experiences, nor have I had any positive ones either. On the whole, don't come and expect super customer service, but expect delicious food!
2	Not really great food or service. We went in, ordered a to-go, waited 20 min, got home and it was all wrong.
4	Good Food! I always get the fish tacos plate, the rice is the best also!!The servers always seem in a hurry to get you in and out...even when I call me order in its like they are quick to hang up...a bit pricey but the food is good.
5	Revo Burrito is my go to local spot.  Lunch meetings for work, not in the mood to cook, after traveling with nothing in the fridge, and my go to for a quick meal with out of town guests.  There are healthy options - whole wheat tortillas, gluten free options, brown rice, vegetarian dishes.  My favorite is the carne asada bowl with organic black beans, guacamole and peppers.  The portion sizes are good, you will not be hungry (and may have some leftovers).  I also like the old fashion lemonade made with Stevia. Tart and refreshing! Hurray and thanks to Revo Burrito for providing clean eaters with healthy and tasty meal options!
4	Walked in and the place did not look like a normal Mexican food place, but it did look interesting. I was intrigued. Lemons? Hmm... I stared at the menu for a few minutes and finally decided on the Organic Black Bean Burrito...not my usual choice, but I didn't really feel like any meat that day. The Organic Black Bean Burrito also had an amazing description that made me want to try it. It read as follows "Organic black beans seasoned with cumin, garlic, and Mexican spices. Includes pico de gallo and our custom cheese blend." Ok now that I read it the next day it doesn't sound that amazing, so maybe I was just hungry... It did taste wonderful though! The portions weren't too crazy and the homemade tortilla chips that accompanied it went very well with the hot salsa. So apparently this place also makes a few different types of fresh lemonade. Upon asking the girl at the front what she recommended I went with the white peach lemonade and wow it was awesome! My only complaint for the lemonade was that it was a tad pricey and the cup isn't that large...I was left wanting more!!!Definitely check this place if you're in the area...
4	Revo Burrito is a place that is close by 24 hour fitness gym off Camelback that is open late.  I went with a few friends here after a late workout. They have burritos, bowls, tacos, and more.  I opted for the healthy chicken burrito bowl, which was okay.  My friends had burritos and were really impressed by them.  I would have to say that the wide array of menu options was really appealing, and I want to go back there and try a burrito some time.
5	Better than Chipotle? Si! I was very impressed with this place. Not only was the chicken fajita burrito delicious, the prices were very reasonable, and the staff is exceptionally kind. They give you complimentary chips and salsa while your food is being prepared, a variety of chips and salsas (the verde salsa is muy bueno). Lastly, they make some pretty good lemonade as well. Highly recommended.
5	Great food. Great carne asada burritos with a whole wheat option (Chipotle oddly still doesn't offer this) and you get a free side of chips (Chipotle doesn't do that either). Seems to be more of a take out place at night but they offer good happy hour and late happy hour specials. Really like this place.
5	Walked into Revo Burrito for the first time in a couple months and I immediately saw my favorite happiest worker Oscar. He immediately made me feel comfortable with chips and water and when my to-go order came he made sure I had absolutely everything I could ever need. As a former employee, I can say that things haven't changed much and that, my friends, is a good thing.
2	Being from San Diego, I know my Mexican food.  Even the Americanized Mexican food.  While on business, the group decided to order from here.I ordered a carne asada burrito combo.  First bite and I knew this meal was not going to tantalize my taste buds.  The meat was very bland.  I was expecting a little, maybe even a lot, more seasoning.  Although, the meat was cooked to a medium/medium-well.  There were still pink.  I don't mind that, but I'm sure many don't like seeing pink in their steak.The burrito was just lacking.  It could definitely use some other ingredients to boost the flavor up a notch or two or three or ten.As for the black beans on the side, that actually had more flavor than the burrito.The creamy white rice?  I couldn't even understand how people would think this was good.  It's bland.  The whole "creamy" thing from some heavy cream may make it creamy, but not necessarily tasty.A healthier option this place is, but lacks flavor.
2	It is difficult to judge a location based upon one meal. I should give them more credit, but the machaca burrito that I had was he worst I have ever tasted. Not much more to add other than friendly help. The burrito was flat and disgusting. Nothing stood out but the dry chicken. Every machaca burrito I've ever had was beef,  shredded beef, and just full of wonderful flavor. Not this place. Suggest you try something else on the menu and give them credit where it is deserved.
3	Delicious lemonade. I work in the area and go from time to time. I like the fish tacos on corn tortillas. My biggest complaint is consistency. One day it's great, the next it's horrible. I have tried other items but they weren't great either. So in short I guess you could say this place has potential?
2	Too expensive for a mediocre product. I got the chicken machaca tacos, my hub got the fajita burrito combo... Both pretty devoid of flavor. For $18! The only very yummy thing was the side of rice... That bordered on rice pudding-esque so yum there.
5	I probably eat at Revo Burrito atleast once a month! This place is my favorite quick lunch spot! I have tried a couple different items on the menu and I'm always blown away but the flavor.  In addition to all their amazing menu items the creamy rice with corn is my favorite! Definately try the creamy rice with corn, and don't plan on sharing!
4	Short Version: Get the Carne Asada Burrito. The creamy white rice is awesome too.Long Version: I came here when Revo Burrito first opened as long time fans of Delux so I figured it would be good. I was super disappointed and never returned. That was probably 4 or 5 years ago. Not sure when they opened. That said, I came back years later at the advice of a co-worker to get a Carne Asada Burrito and I must say it was pretty damn good. I was so against this place for all those years. You'd think I'd learn by now to let restaurants work out the kinks before I make a judgement call.I got the Carne Asada Burrito with medium salsa in the burrito with a side of white rice and beans (comes with the meal) as well as a Mango Lemonade. The lemonade was pretty sweet so I'd tone it down a bit if I could. The Carne Asada was very tasty though. It had great seasoning and was very juicy. It looked small upon first review but I was pretty stuffed by the end of the meal in combination with the rice and beans. The white rice I got was really creamy and decadent. I'd highly recommend the combo I got.I will definitely be back but not sure if I'll be able to sway myself from getting the Carne Asada Burrito again.
2	Veg burrito was ok, needed more cheese and flavor. Service was meh. Don't expect them to get your order right if you want it different than what's on the menu. I.E. no guac etc. I had higher hopes. :(
3	Great service, but overpriced. Kind of like a med end chipotle. If you are looking for authentic Mexican food and salsa this is not the place, but it appears healthier then others.
5	Man, I am still so stuffed with great tasting food that it is hard to write this. We had scouted out this place nearby our condo and decided that tonight was the night, and then those pesky government alerts started sounding. You know the ones, dust storm coming. We managed to get in the door of the restaurant just as the wind, and dust, started picking up. We were greeted with a warm welcome and grabbed a table. The chips and salsa arrived almost immediately. After figuring out the menu, we ordered a green chile burrito combo with the creamy white rice and a vegetarian burrito. Honestly, I wasn't thrilled about ordering white rice but after reading the reviews, I decided to go for it, and boy am I glad that I did! Great taste! Of course, everything else had great flavor too. My daughter had the organic black bean burrito enchilada style, which I thought was the best tasting, but that is just personal preference. The margaritas were also thirst quenching. They are working on a rather extensive renovation that will double the size of the restaurant, but don't let that stop you from going.
4	I have not been back in awhile and it appears now that they are expanding the dining room. The prices are still the same as last year and this time I tried a burrito to go with green chile chicken. It took a bit long considering I was the only one ordering at 6pm, but the end result was pretty solid with a mostly decent burrito (they should put rice in it though). It was also a bit watery near the bottom. The green chile salsa and mild salsa were good renditions and the black beans were solid again. I had to get rid of one star because the creamy white rice which is their best dish was not creamy tonight. I would stick the the tacos and hope that the rice has a better night next time.
5	Came for lunch today! Really good! I've been eyeballing this place since my coworker brought it back to the office last week. Had the carne asada chimi. Really tasty. The steak was perfectly cooked. No need to pay extra for sour cream or guac, although they put it on top. I prefer it on the side but that is just my preference. Next time I'll get it on the side. Chimi was perfectly crisp. Only real "complaint" I had was they laid the chimi on a bed of shredded lettuce, which was just in the way... Again something I am sure I can ask them to hold next time.
2	I'm on Yelp almost every day and this is the first review I have written because I am so disappointed. I ordered a burrito for take out and the second I cut in to it my entire plate was swimming in juices. The ingredients were good but it was impossible to pick up and eat due to a soggy tortilla. I also said no cheese on anything and long and behold there was cheese on both my beans and rice.
2	I have loved this place in the past!  Especially for the breakfast burritos.  The past few times I've tried to go when they first open, well, they're never open on time!!  Yelp page says they open at 10:30 and we were just there at 11:05. Closed.  I had called last week to place a pick up order just before 11 o'clock and the girl that answered said they wouldn't be opening until 11:15.  11:15????? That's at an odd time for a restaurant to open.  How about take my pickup order and tell me it will be ready at 11:15. Instead, I was a huge bother to the girl on the other line because I called before 11:15.  I'll take my business somewhere else.
4	Really fast and convenient to go pickup window. I love the shredded beef burrito and all of the fun sides everything comes with. The rice is almost a rip off of blanco but a little more sour creamy...still yummy. The staff is always really nice and gets me out in a flash. Steer clear of the cheese crisp unless you want a giant baked Dorito. Though tempting it's not how Doritos were meant to be enjoyed
1	Second time trying Revo and had the same result as the first go around. This time I had the green chili burrito and it was completely bland. Absolutely no flavor. The only thing I could taste was the salsa that I had to pour on. I don't know how you can make food that is completely tasteless but they're good at it.
4	revo is good and i laik it. fresh menu with a ton of options. FYI "fresh" doesn't mean "fast". those are, to some extent, mutually exclusive. this is not chipotle - things are getting cooked in real time.customer service is excellent, they've never gotten my order wrong. i believe they're expanding which should be cool.the only thing i don't recommend is the green chile burrito. it's just too wet - makes it hard to eat. other than that almost everything has been stellar. good sides, great tacos. thumbs up
5	Good, consistent fare, and always fresh. We always get take out, and there is never a problem when we get hone and rip into the boxes of carefully wrapped, individual containers.It's not always an easy request for EXTRA pico digallo, but well worth the humiliating begging we must go through to get a few ounces more! Great for the kiddos, too!The margs are great, if ya wanna wait in the place and forget they take phone orders, or last minute "honey, will you bring home dinner tonight?"
3	I don't know what happened to this place, but it is not what it used to be.  I ordered the carne asada burrito and it literally had just meat and some flavorless guac.  I've been here a few times and each time it has gotten worse.  For the price the burrito was kind of small, although they do give you some chips and a small cup (emphasis on small) of salsa.  I really wish the food was better.  Perhaps i'll try it again once they are finished with the renovation.
5	I was expecting this to be a fast in and out typical fast food experience.  I was wrong. Still fast service but the employees here are extremely attentive to you and always seem to have a smile. Thanks guys, the food was great.
2	First time trying Revo and I wasn't really impressed. Ordered the machaca chicken burrito and it was quite flavorless. The chicken was dry and didn't taste like anything. Not really impressed and for the price paid would of rather gotten cheap fast food
