5	Pure Foot & Spa is only a month old, but is related to the original Pure Foot & Spa on Spring Mountain.  We always welcome a little healthy competition, even if Vegas does seem a bit over saturated with foot massage places.  We aren't always so anxious to make the drive to Spring Mountain to get some foot work done.The Husband noticed the sign driving on S. Rainbow and with only two yelp reviews, we were a bit hesitant.  We called ahead to find out the prices and to see if there was any availability.  They normally charge $38/hr, but with the Yelp discount - it's $34.  (They are currently offering a Yelp Deal too - $15 for $20 towards service, which I doubt you can combine.)We didn't make an appointment but were the only ones there last night.  Angel warmly greeted us and had us take a seat amongst the handful of chairs in the main room.  As she went to get us our tea, she hastily made a few calls getting her employees in as they had gone on an errand.  She told us about her business, gave us some information on Pure Foot & Spa and reflexology, and asked us what we thought of the interior decorating.  She had our feet soaking in the hot water while we waited, so we didn't mind.  It wasn't too long when one of the ladies returned.  She immediately got started on the Husband, so Angel started working on me while I waited for my guy to return.  As her delicate hands started working on my face, I was almost hoping my guy didn't return.  (There are some people that have gentle hands, and she's one of them.)  After a few minutes, my guy did arrive and he got started on me.Everything was pretty straightforward from them on - they work on your head, neck, and shoulders before heading to your feet and calves.  And after wiping down your feet, they flip you over so you get some back work.  One thing I really appreciate here is that they actually spend a good amount of time on your feet and calves.  Sometimes other places focus more on shoulders, but my feet and calves were what needed the attention and they got it.  Usually, I can tell the Husband is having a good experience when I hear him snoring.  This time, I didn't hear him snore at all, so I was concerned.  I was pleasantly surprised when he asked the name of his lady though because he obviously wanted to remember who she was.  Overall, we were both quite happy with our experience at Pure Foot and definitely glad to have them in the neighborhood.  We'll definitely be going back again!He had EVA and I had IVAN.* They charge $1 to use your credit card.  I recommend calling to make an appointment to be sure.  They also have a semiprivate room as well.4.5 stars.
5	I have been working long shifts and have been on my feet all day, so my feet were killing me. It was late so I am glad that pure foot spa was open!!! Angel, who is the manager, was very kind when greeting me and made me feel welcome. Very modern looking and very comfy chairs. I have had several foot massages and some where done by masseuse who did not know what they were doing, but not here at pure foot and spa! Tom was phenomenal!!  I had him spend 30 min on my feet and afterwards my feet way better!! Also you will get a card that they stamp and after 10 foot massages,you will get one free! Iam definitely coming back.My feet thanks you!!!!
5	Pure Foot & Spa is the best!! I originally started going to the Spring Mountain location when I did live in Vegas and the foot massages have always been magnificent. I recently tried out the new location and my experience was none the less just as great! This new location has way more comfortable massage chairs that can be tilted for better relaxation.  The owner Angel is very nice and adds a nice touch to the whole experience. She makes sure that you are comfortable and is also very personable. I would recommend this place to all my friends. Can't wait till the next foot massage!
2	The service is horrible. There are never enough people to massage you. You have to wait at least 15 minutes before the people phone a friend to help out. No one ever speaks English here either. So much potential here but they really have to learn how to be better at their services.
4	This is the best reflexology massage place I have ever been to.  Prices are great as well. $38 for a 60 minute massage. I highly recommend this place.Only complaint is that one time I went in there to get a massage and my masseuse smelt like he had been drinking for 3 days straight and the smell of cigarette smoke on his hands made me wanna throw up.  I've only had that experience once, and have been there several times.  I would still recommend the place.  Hoping that guy got fired.
5	Love it! Heavenly!  Super clean! Super deep tissue just the way i love it. Oh and not to mention....  very very quiet and relaxing in comparison to others
1	My boyfriend and I had a groupon over the weekend for the foot massage and detox. Everything was wonderful. It was was our first massage and we had no idea we were supposed to leave a tip. We walked out and the woman waved us down. We thought maybe we left something. She came up to our car window and kept saying "TIP TIP TIP". We kept apologizing saying we had no money and she kept harassing us asking for a tip. She finally went inside and told us to wait here. We drove away and she ran back out whistling at us to come back. What the hell? I am still so shook up about this. Your employees need to be aware that tips should never be expected or required and should always be appreciated no matter how or small. We will not be back.
4	Strange when you walk in, you're just directed to a chair. Other than they answer their cell phones while working on you, I have no other complaints. I am plagued by awful headaches that last weeks, as Lucky touched my foot I almost came out of the chair. He worked at it until he could touch it, and when we left my headache was gone! We did a Groupon, so nothing other than feet and legs were done, but we did get an Ionic Trwatment and 1/2 hour of feets for $22, so I won't whine. I will be going back! Absolutely. I feel good! :)
5	I had the groupon so I came in for the 30 minutes of foot massage with the 30 minutes of ion detox.  I have to say that the 30 minutes of foot/leg massage was the best I have received.  Joe pressed all the right points and with force.  It does hurt a bit, but it was a good pain.  If you want a relaxing foot massage, this is not it.  If you want one that is to relieve other problems, then it definitely is.  I enjoyed every single minute of the foot massage.The reason why other foot massage places get four star from me is because when they do the foot massage, they massage your foot as a whole.  The reason why Joe gets a five star from me is because he pressed each area of my foot, based on the pressure point.  I have had many foot massage and did my own reading, so I know how to tell when the foot massage is performed based on the pressure point.I am a big fan and will return...
1	This was a bizarre experience. Purchased a groupon, $22 for 30 minute reflexology massage and 30 minute cell detox ion cleanse, I guess it's a $54 value which is hard to believe. I was directed to a chair, there were 2 other clients at the time, which the girl who was going to do my massage was still working on another person. I had an appt but still had to wait 15 minutes, and when she started working on me, she left the other girl hanging. Strange. The 30 minute foot massage was ok, but then for the other 30 minutes they just stick you feet in a bucket of water with this mysterious "ion detox" which is probably a bunch of rubbish that I fell for. She constantly was answering the phone and getting up during my massage and at one point exchanged some loud heated words with the other man the works there. By the way, this girl never said onne word to me, don't know if she actually spoke English or what. When it came time to tip, I only had a $20, I asked her for change, which I planned to only give her $5 because she only did 30 minutes of work, I'm not tipping on 30 minutes of sticking my feet in a bucket. Well she claimed she only had a $10. How convinient. For a good foot massage go down the street to Far East Foot Massage.
1	Well I was told to call 30 minutes before so I would not be waiting. I called 50 minutes before and still no change. I gave this place the benefit of the doubt and here I sit 25 minutes later and no one has started.. Plenty of other places on Durango for $35 an hour...
5	Pure Foot Spa , is my favorite pleace to get foot massage, they've made my friend yelp, cry, and holler out in pain. But who cares cause the massage are just good or even better! Apple was giving me my foot massage, I fell asleep, it was the most relaxing experience ever. I tipped her $ 10. I like this place!!!
5	Joe is my favorite masseuse but I've brought my mom here and I advised them of her diabetes. Her therapist was so accommodating and my mom was so relaxed that they cinched my repeat customer status. I ask for Joe by name but call ahead to make sure that he is available as you might have to wait. Pros - the lounge chairs are new and very accommodating. It's clean and I do feel comfortable. The massage is their best asset and is very good compared to other Asian foot massages I've been to. They have a storage ottoman to store your things so you don't stress on your stuff or have to get in their way while massaging you.Cons - Their music needs to have a new rotation. Their lighting is perfectly dark up until someone walks in from outside which can ruin the mood in addition to not being able to hear ancillary conversations. I will bring headphones and my own music next time. The floors can be a little slippery from the oil/lotion they use. The towels have seen their use so a fresh new and soft ones would be great.Improvement suggestions - discounts for frequent and repeat customers.   More modern soothing music. Provide for online reservations.
5	Soooo worth it. A wonderful full on one hour Massage for 38$! Not only that but they concentrate on the spots they feel a lot of tension in, and listen to the customer's needs. The boss was super nice and greeted everyone before she left. Really nice decor and soothing music that made me fall asleep more than once.
4	Great value for the money.  There was not a lot of communication with the masseuse but she performed exceptionally.  I found the chair coupled with the music to be very relaxing.  The could be some better explanation of the electrical detoxification; nonetheless, It was a nice little bonus.
4	I love this place. The only reason it gets only 4 stars is because they rarely have specials. With so many other places around to go to, I'm disappointed that they don't have more competitive pricing. In all fairness, this was the first foot spa I'd ever been to, so I'm probably a touch biased. It's fairly standard compared to other spas I've tried: they offer tea, it's a shared room that's dark with some sort of relaxing music playing. So, why the love? Well, for starters the massage is a good, firm massage no matter which of the staff do it. That hasn't been the case with other places. Another plus is that they aren't pushy for tips - it's all very professional. They do, however add a $1 charge for using a card, so bring cash if you can. They also offer a frequent customer card, but you have to ask to get one. Lastly, I simply like the vibe there. I think that, more than anything else gets me back time and time again. The tea is good too.
4	After coming here then experiencing some of the other foot spas in the city, this one has to be my favorite. I always seem to leave feeling looser and extremely relaxed.  The only thing I've seen another place do that I wish this one would incorporate is a cup of tea or water.
5	Always have been curious about these late night massage & foot spa places.. tried it for the first time..I had a 75 min detox session with Joe for only $40... Mother's Day special.. I took my sister and boyfriend with me... And Ill definitely go back!!! The chairs were new & very comfortable... So relaxing and well worth the price... They offered water or hot tea when we walked it.... It was Nice and dark instantly felt relaxed... We all were seated next to each other & we all started & finished at the same time... I will be back for sure!!! Thank you pure foot & spa for your professionalism see you soon
5	I love this place! They are so professional....I go back weekly!
5	Had an absolutely wonder experience.  Joe did my massage,  I used the #Groupon from my phone, and this was the BEST experience I ever had,  I will definitely go there again when I visit Las Vegas.
4	Pleasantly surprised by this place. I did a reflexology, ion detox foot bath and back massage package through Groupon with my husband. We both left feeling incredible and will absolutely revisit.
5	My husband and I went to Las Vegas for our anniversary and wanted to splurge on a massage of some sort. We found Pure Foot & Spa on Yelp, and decided to give it a try due to the online special. We were thrilled with our choice! The space is calm and relaxing; the furniture and decor is new and clean; and, our technician did an excellent job on the massage. Do not be intimidated by the dark room when you walk in or the lack of fluent English. This was a wonderful experience and Pure Foot & Spa was very skilled and professional. I hope we can find a place like this closer to home!
5	Wonderful!!!! I had Jason and my roomate had Apple, this morning for the one hour massage for $39. They were very friendly, professional and really worked our muscles! We will be back!!!!
1	Very disappointed. Stuck my feet in a bucket and walked away. Came back because the ion was beeping over and over again. Pulled my feet out after 15 minutes to stop the beeping. When she finally started my foot massage she was still working on someone else so she kept getting up and she even got up to put the music back on. I paid my money and walked out at 35 minutes. There were only four people working and the two that were finished before her and the lady that was working on my husband were in the back doing nothing.
4	This was my first time at a foot spa here in Vegas and I was not disappointed. Great foot massage and ionic bath. I will definitely go back.
5	My hubby bought me the 45 min massage and 30 min ion detox for Valentine's Day. I really enjoyed my experience. The masseuse was kind and gentle. She hit all the pressure points in my feet and legs without it being uncomfortable. They also use a sea salt scrub which was very exfoliating. Not every place does that. The ion detox was interesting. I hope it works.  The only cons were that other places give you a quick shoulders and back massage.  This place does not. They also don't have as much privacy because they use linen instead of partitions. But neither thing would prevent me from going again. I definitely recommend it.
5	I will never go to another massage place again. This place is amazing. It felt so good I didn't care if they told me it was $150. I would of paid it because it was so worth it. I've spent lots of money on massages but this place is the best and so inexpensive . Only $38. I will never go anywhere else .
4	For the money and the availability this is an excellent place.  Excellent value. Clean quiet and comfortable.
5	I purchased a Groupon for a 30 minute ion detox and a 45 minute hot stone reflexology and it was amazing. I was able to upgrade and get a 15 minute back rub added on for only $10. Definitely worth it. Go to Ivy, she was wonderful. It was very peaceful and relaxing and I got a cup of tea to drink while my feet were detoxing. I definitely will go back!
5	Joe was my massage foot therapist.  He really knows his stuff. I went to school at Nevada School of massage therapist and Joe hit all the pressure point of reflexology.  I got the 1 hour foot leg head and back massage together with the detox all for an hour for only 38 but I gave him 53 because he deserves that 15 dollars tip. So worth it and will definitely recommend this place.  I paid Joe.. i advice everyone to get a foot massage at least every two weeks or once a month
3	So I decided to check this place out based off of the great reviews. I was not as pleased as most others were. 1st off all, I have a very busy schedule so finding somewhere that opened @ 9am was very exciting for me. At 8:55 I'm standing at the door waiting for them to open. At 9:01, nothing's changes, I pull on the door, nothing. So I call the # on the sign, it forwards me to someone's cell phone. I tell the guy I'm waiting for a massage & he says someone will be there in 5 minutes. Around 9:15, the therapist rolls in & I don't start my massage until almost 9:30. The massage itself was decent, not amazing but decent. There were 2 things that made it even less great, 1- the therapist was chomping gum in my ear which was making me tense up more when I was supposed to be relaxing. 2- 10 minutes into my massage a lady & her 2 children walk in demanding very loudly "I need to buy a gift certificate" since my therapist was the only person working, he stopped my massage to help this lady with her purchase. After all that I would usually only give them 2 stars, but I DID fall asleep halfway through, so he must have been doing SOMETHING right, but I don't think I'll find myself here again.
5	I really love the atmosphere. Very dim lights with sheer drapes between each chair. Very lovely. They really took care of every part of my body. They never rushed the work either. One big thing is normally Asians be all rude but this lady was very nice. $38 for a foot massage and she did my whole body.
5	Loved it here! Joe was my masseuse and he was great. Used the right amount of pressure and even got most of my knots. Would definitely go here again.
5	I have been to both locations and always had a good experience. Come on, $38 for a one hour massage??  Can't beat that!!  I know it seems kinda weird to have a massage in one big room with other people, but it works. Just relax, close your eyes, and enjoy a soothing rub down!
1	My husband and I went here for a massage and it was kinda busy so we were waiting in the middle row to be finished.. And once they were finished, 2 of them came over to us to get us set up while the other guy was cleaning up... HE WAS RE-FOLDING THE USED TOWELS...and the manager lady ran over to him and said in Chinese "the customer is watching you!.. Go fold those towels in the back" I understand and speak Chinese.  GROSS!!  And come to think of it.. I have never heard a washer/dryer back there.. Nor have I ever seen them bring fresh new towels in.
5	I came here yesterday for facial & massage, it was awesome, i love it, definately recommand Ivy and Ken to my friends.  The place is clean and fresh, even their employee break room is clean too
5	I am a professional dancer, and I got a foot massage by Ken and it was everything I needed! I also got a full body massage by Ivy and she implemented hot stone massage into it. Extremely relaxing. She did some deep tissue and some relaxation massage. Loved it.
