4	This place is cool! Its technically a gay bar but its more of an everybody type bar. It reminds me of the now defunct GLAM that used to be on 32nd st and Indian School. The sound system is awesome especially for a dive bar and the drinks are STRONG!!! Only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is cause no smoking patio :(
5	I was curious about Club 24. I kept driving by the bar. So paid my $5 coverage. Walk right in, and they where playing industrial -electronic genre music. Which I'm a fan.Girls and Guys dress in gothic style. It was my kinda of place to enjoy the special drinks. And listen to music and seeing people dancing, socializing and I was watching a movie in the Bar.They host events so you might keep an ear open or find some flyers. I'm not sure if the Goth stuff was a special event to call out the Night Life Vampires but I would like to return again some other night.I'm don't dress into gothic clothing, I was a walk-in curious what's was inside Club 24. I enjoyed the drinks.
5	It's more than a bar.  This place boasts a hell of a sound system and a small but very nice dancing area.  My wife and I came here to attend the Pax Romana event by City of Madness (goth, industrial, etc.)  City of Madness used to hold events over at Sanctum, but after Sanctum's closing, they set up shop here and run a great show.It ain't the largest place to dance in, but you'll have enough room to really shake it and get some great and friendly service while you're there.  Goth dance spots are a pretty limited field in the Valley, but if you're looking for one, be sure to check Club 24's calendar.  $5 to get in.
5	Thank you gays for inviting us freak kids into your home!This club is host to the only surviving weekly goth/industrial night in the valley. So happy that we have this space for stomping. The crowd is always friendly and fun on Saturdays, when City of Madness hosts themed/costume nights. Yea!Best parts: Club 24 has an incredible mirrored dance floor that might distract you with staring at your gorgeous self. I love the bartender, who is super attentive and cordial (RARE). The drink specials are always good and the drinks are poured just right every time. Lastly, the bathrooms are always clean enough. Side note: DJ Apollynon who hosts the Saturday night shindigs with his stunning and talented girlfriend, DJ Angel Toxin, was just awarded 2013 Best of Phoenix New Times award for Best Goth DJ. So, even if you're not a goth kid, you will appreciate the sheer awesomeness of two of the best DJs in Phoenix.
