2	Was looking for something spectacluar and got the royal pedicure since it was the best they offered...even took a first timer. I left with dry skin?? One toe ended up only being half painted. Def won't be back for $65 I have found much better places. Too bad too cause I love pedi's and go about once every other month....
5	Divine.  This is how I feel during one of Sophia's facials and for a long time afterwards.  She is by far the best esthetician I have ever had.  I'm 47 and a hedonist with a soft spot for beautiful skin.  Everything feels good and she has always done a fantastic job.  I splurge for the facial that includes a back, hand, and foot massage, which should be called "The Bliss" because it is.  The physical plant of the spa is lovely.    I make time to sit in the sauna and they have a Deluge shower (it's like sitting under a warm waterfall).  Kelly, the owner of the spa, is always welcoming and an excellent hostess, creating an "every need is anticipated" atmosphere.  I've been coming here for years with each visit to my parents who live nearby.  If I didn't have to travel two hours by jet, I'd be here much more often!
1	I never actually went into the spa or received services, but that was only because they jerked us around for two hours and screwed with our appointment due to other clients requesting a longer stay. We made reservations for 1:30 and went to the nearby Starbucks since we were early. They called and asked if we could push it to 2pm because of other clients wanting a longer massage, so we said fine- a half hour is okay. Then once 2pm was nearing they asked if we could push it back to 3pm because of the same people. Well we said no, because we have other plans for the day and we don't appreciate being jerked around like this and we said goodbye. They're losing money and new clients with this attitude and I will never consider going there ever again if this is how they treat new clients.
5	Best Facials ever. I've been to a lot of Spas, and I have to say this one is by far the best.  There is a esthetician there named Sophie and she is the best. The place is a little pricey, but worth it.
5	I went to Spa du soleil with my fiance while on vacation from Afghanistan and we received the most polite, warm and personal welcome upon entering. Kelly New exactly who we were as soon as we walked and greeted by name, not to mention thanking me for my service and inquiring about my trip home from Afghanistan. We were taken to the most relaxing terrace ever to fill out forms. The environment is amazing as well as the customer service and the provided services. The romance package (hot soak with champaign, one hour full body massage, facial and pedicure) was above and beyond everything we expected. This is our new spot and it is now going to be our ritual to drive 4 hours to enjoy half a day of relaxation and tranquility with a very personable customer service feel.
4	The services are 5 star all the way! I indulged in the Spa Bliss package ($335 and worth every penny) which includes: private bath, 90 minute massage, facial, manicure, and pedicure for a total day retreat.  It was wonderful! Kelly, the receptionist was very helpful and friendly, checking on me throughout the day.  Casey provided a fabulous massage really focusing on my problem areas but not skimping anywhere else.  Sophia gave me a facial that left my skin glowing and feeling wonderful.  Patty did a wonderful job on my nails (which were in SERIOUS need of some maintenance). The spa itself was nice but could use a little upgrade, the only reason I didn't give 5 stars. I told my husband he's now got it easy anytime I'm due for a gift! I look forward to the next time I can indulge.
