5	Yum! We also just got to taste these selfish tacos at Tivoli today. We had jackfruit tacos with a tasty crema in chewy corn tortillas. Only prob was I wanted bigger ones!! Nice portion of filling, but I would've liked a little more tortilla! My son tried the teriyaki chic ones and loved the protein. He says it is very similar to his favorite plant based protein at Native Foods in LA. Very excited to see you at the farmers market though.
5	Growing up as a Mexican-American in Los Angeles, CA there was always an option to go find a taco stand and enjoy some delicious tacos. But as I chose to become Vegan these options seemed far and wide. Unless I cooked at home I couldn't enjoy the street tacos anymore. Now living in Vegas it's been many years since I've enjoyed a street taco, since the Vegan options here are far and wide. So you can imagine my utter joy when I found Garden Grill at the farmers market. I ordered 2 of each, Beer-Battered Avocado, BBQ Pulled Jackfruit and Chick'n Teriyaki. As I bit into my first taco, which was the avocado one, I felt these flavors just burst into my mouth and I cried of joy. I honestly could have never  imagined  such flavors bringing me to tears. As I enjoyed the next one, BBQ Pulled Jackfruit I lost it...I was so emotional eating these tacos. It just brought back so many memories of going down to TJ with my family and hitting up all the best taco stands, BUT these were BETTER!  Honestly you have to try these tacos...I will be back for more. One reason being, no GMO's. Support Local Vegan food!
5	These guys had a tent down at the Fresh 52 farmer's market last weekend, and the tacos are so good.
5	This is good as it gets! I have tried everything Garden Grill has on their menu.i couldn't even tell you a favorite because everything is amazing. I am talking about food so good it hits your emotions.  The breakfast tacos, the beer battered avocado tacos, and the jackfruit tacos warm my heart and I find some days incomplete without having my Garden Grill fix. The cheesecake with strawberry sauce is by far the best cheesecake I have ever eaten. Thank you for all of the awesome food that's delicious and actually good for me. I can't wait for my Wednesday fix :)
5	I can't get enough of their beer battered avocado tacos, so delicious! Last night I got to the Bruce Trent farmer's market later than usual so they were all sold out of them. Guess I'm not the only one digging on those tacos! So I decided to try the philly cheezesteak. Wow! I was, once again, blown away and my taste buds were thoroughly impressed. I was unable to finish the whole thing because it's huge, so I took the rest home and my omni Dad stole and devoured it. Never told him it was vegan, but since he knows I don't eat meat he probably guessed. He wanted to get their location and dates so he could stop by after work and get one for himself. Vegan food is just salads by bottom! I don't know what these guys do to make their food so delicious, but they need to keep doing it! I love everything I have tried so far. Next time I will have to venture into their dessert items, but I don't know if I should start down that slippery road... If you give the Garden Grill a try you will NOT be disappointed!
5	Definitely 5 Star all the way. The teriyaki taco is wicked good, and my favorite the beer battered avocado tacos. The beer battered mushrooms are also super good. I really like that they have young coconuts too. Garden Grill is definitely a must have while in Las Vegas
5	Love this taco stand! Especially the jackfruit tacos. Great flavor! The beer battered avocado tacos are also a special treat. You get two smallish tacos in an order. The price point is for quality, specialty foods - it is at a farmers market after all. Depending on the day, they also have pozole soup (yummy), raw desserts, Philly cheese steaks, and a few other items. All vegan and all simple fresh ingredients grilled right in front of you. You should definitely try them out.
5	Amazing food..........you wont be sorry to stop by... .......5 stars for sure...........Bit far from my house but definitely worth ........ Fair price.......
5	I got one beer battered avocado taco and one jackfruit taco for $7 and it was more than enough for me and my daughter. Super yummy and fun farmer's market. Really vegan friendly, but this is the place for lunch!
5	We bumped into this place at Tivoli village farmers market and were blown away first - by their service, then by the food! Their new crispy chicken sandwich was amazing. Better than real chicken! So fresh and good. Can't wait for them to open up all over Vegas!
5	I just LOVE Garden Grill! So delicious and fresh. Great service, very friendly!
4	well...I was very hesitant to try but my bf has been looking for vegan "real food". We tried the Chik'n & Fried Avocado tacos and the Philly Cheesesteak. I took a bite of his Teriyaki Chic'n and it was ok. Im not sure if knowing it wasn't chicken made me not like it as much but it wasn't bad but nothing I need to go get. The Philly was pretty tasty. I will say the tacos were pretty small but the Philly was a nice size. The pics I saw seemed like they were huge. He enjoyed both but said it definitely wasn't meat.
5	The Philly is my favorite but avocado tacos are a close second. Friendly service and the food is always fresh. They remember their customers and genuinely appreciate their business. My only complaint is that we can't get this delicious stuff all the time! ;)
5	One of my favorite spots to go eat with some delicious vegan selections. I go at least once or twice a week usually get a "chicken" sandwich lettuced wrapped which is my favorite, some tacos, or the specials they have going for the day. Actually not going to lie I've pretty much have tried everything they've had or have to offer on the menu and have never been let down. They have such great vegan and organic plant based options with great spices and flavors. Also to mention the great staff. They always have awesome service every time I go, such nice people to chat with when I come, and also very professional.
5	Just died and went to heaven! Drove to the farmers market in Vegas (coming from Denver) and had to check this place out. My girlfriend and I each ordered a breakfast, jackfruit, and battered avocado taco with an agua fresca jamaica. Let me just say... WOW! The tea was extremely delicious and refreshing and complimented the meal nicely. Each of the tacos were savory and perfectly balanced between texture, spice and sweetness. Though I enjoyed all of the tacos, my favorite was the jackfruit! While trying to convince me of buying her a second jackfruit taco, my girlfriend said "If I can relive the best moment of my life for $3.50, I'll do it!" I highly recommend checking this place out no matter your dietary preferences or needs.
3	Found them at First Friday & I'm glad I didn't have to drive too far to find them. I wasn't disappointed, just not as amazed by the food as everyone else.I had the jackfruit quesadilla, which in my opinion was wayyyyyy overpriced ($10). It wasn't a good portion size, it was an average sized tortilla. They drenched it in 2 sauces, not sure what they were, but it was a lot.  I'm guessing vegan sour cream & a green one, maybe avocado cream? Anyway, the sauces are really rich so I scraped it off. As for the actual quesadilla, it was ok. Didn't blow my mind.If I run into them again, I will definitely try something else on their menu & ask for sauces on the side!
5	Fate brought me to Garden Grill.We had plans to be in Vegas for the weekend. Because we were gonna be in town, I entered to win tickets to the Life Is Beautiful music festival. Then I won two 3-day VIP passes thanks to Yelp LA West CM Brittany F.! Immediately did my research and discovered that Garden Grill was going to be serving up some vegan goodies at the festival.Sh*t just got real!At this point, I didn't even care about the bands anymore (except for Fitz and the Tantrums). All I could think about was BBQ Pulled Jackfruit Tacos and Beer Battered Avocado Tacos.The line was surprisingly long. I didn't realize vegan food would be so popular at a music festival. But I guess that's a good thing. Each taco was offered at two for $8 but sadly they wouldn't let you mix and match that day. Later on I discovered that there's a Yelp check-in offer for $1 off your first order that I wish I knew about before hand. I also noticed that the taco prices listed on their website is $1 less than what they offered it for at the festival. Damn those festival prices!Great BBQ flavor in the Jackfruit Tacos and I liked the crunchy mix of shredded cabbage in there. The creamy dill sauce on top was tasty too. http://bit.ly/1E7np5JThe portion was much smaller than I would have liked it to be for $8. Let's just say, on the drive back to LA, I stopped by a vegan market/cafe (Viva La Vegan in Rancho Cucamonga) and their jackfruit tacos were a much bigger and filling size at $3 a taco.I was still hungry after eating Garden Grill's jackfruit tacos so I ended up ordering the Beer Battered Avocado Tacos in which the serving size was significantly bigger. Large chunks of avocado batter fried in a way that doesn't make the avocado taste cooked (which I prefer). More crunchy shredded cabbage and a delicious creamy cilantro pepita dressing and Sriracha. It's very messy to eat but yum yum yum yum YUM! http://bit.ly/1yKXca0The meateater BF was curious about the menu too so he ordered a Chick'n Ceasar Salad Wrap with grilled chick'n, ceasar dressing, croutons and romaine lettuce wrapped in a yummy spinach tortilla. I thought it was tasty! The meateater BF said he liked it better than the meaty prime beef sandwich from T-bones Chophouse a few tents down from Garden Grill. Yay for hooking the meateater! http://bit.ly/10DEeacYeah it's kinda pricey but the sad truth is, I would pay that much for their deliciousness. They get 5-stars from me! I just wish I had room for the Raw Chocolate Cheezecake while we were there.
5	I absolutely love garden grill! Fresh vegan ingredients. "Chicken" sandwich will rock you and the avo tacos.....ADDICTED! small family owned, honest, great people, delicious & healthy food!!
2	Two tacos for $7.00, which can be finished in four bites total, are definitely not worth it.  They were tasty--nothing to write home about, though--but extremely overpriced.  The bottled water was served lukewarm.  I'm not sure I care about how fresh and healthful the ingredients are when I would have to spend $25.00+ just to satisfy my appetite for an on-the-go lunch. How do people get so descriptive about portions that would leave even a three-year old still hungry?
5	The tacos are my favorite ! The jackfruit, beer battered avocado, breakfast, etc... You guys have such great flavor (sazon!) and being from Mexico, it totally reminds me of the flavors, but also some amazing things like the Crispy Chicken Sandwich OMG, I think I have liked everything i have tried. And the Agua de Jamaica is perfect, just like in Mexico. It's also admirable to see you guys working hard in the horrible Vegas heat and yesterday, as we ate our food in the comfort and warmth of the car, we were watching you guys in the freezing cold working your a**es off! Truly amazing contribution to the vegan community - not just vegan, the whole community! Love you guys :D Congrats!Very awesome vegan food!
5	Don't let the Vegan word scare you. You don't have to be Vegan to eat here. Delicious food, excellent customer service. Someone buy them a location so everyone can eat their food every day!
5	Everything is the most delicious but the beer battered mushrooms are the most delicious-est of all.
5	Tried the jack fruit and beer battered avocado tacos at first Friday. They were both so delicious!  I'm a vegetarian slowly making my way into the vegan lifestyle. Inspired to make the leap after trying their amazing food.
5	Best Tacos in Vegas !! Or anywhere else !! We've tried them all & my wife had and absolutely LOVED the Chik'n Sammich. Another weekend we tried the Vegan Pozole which since we are now vegan we don't ever get to have unless we make it. So tasty good !! The cabbage, lemon & onions complimented it perfectly. Memories of our childhoods came rushing back. You don't realize the power food has to elicit emotion until you taste something this good. Everything we have tried from the Philly Cheez Steak to the yummy desserts have been top shelf perfect. Amazing culinary talent here & really super nice family people. Also, some people gave less than stellar reviews based mostly on price. I've been coming to Fresh 52 for years now & now know some of the other vendors. NO ONE IS GETTING RICH AT THE FARMER'S MARKET !! They use such high quality ingredients & have to work so hard to bring you this food that they love so much that some weeks they don't even make $$. They count on the busy times to make up for the slow times where they actually lose $$. They have no backers & do this all on their own. So everyone come support something so unique & delicious in Las Vegas !!!
5	During our Vegas trip, we planned on grabbing a bite to eat before heading to the Hoover Dam.  I looked on the map and the original place we wanted to try was in the opposite direction of the dam.  So we decided to scratch that plan and see what was up with the Las Vegas Farmer's Market.  I searched for Farmer's Markets on Yelp and found Fresh52 located on Sundays at Sansone Park Place which was in the direction of the Hoover Dam. It was the perfect pit stop to the dam!As we were walking through the Farmer's Market we found Garden Grill - an all vegan food stand specializing in tacos!  I was a happy girl as I stared at their mouthwatering display of tacos with creative fillings such as  - beer battered avocado, BBQ pulled jackfruit, chick'n teriyaki, asada jackfruit, breakfast, and plant-based steak.  Everything looked so delicious!  Not only did they have tacos, but they were also serving up philly cheeze steak sandwiches and specials like chick'n and waffles.  My BF and I ordered two tacos each (2 beer battered avocado, BBQ jackfruit, and breakfast) and split the chick'n and waffles.  We were both in heaven as we ate our tacos - they were all so good!  I was happy that our chick'n and waffles also came WITH mashed potatoes and mushroom gravy; I don't see that too often with my experience with vegan chick'n and waffles in the Bay.  The chick'n was perfectly crunchy, waffle was perfectly crispy and mash and gravy was savory and delicious.  We were fighting for the last bite of waffle.  LOL.We absolutely loved Garden Grill and hope they will expand and come to the Bay Area.  I also appreciated that their menu said "Compassionate Food Crafters" and "Vegan for Life".  Thank you Garden Grill for making the world a better place!
