5	Best idea of this year!  An El Pollo Loco in West Las Vegas!They just opened and the place was PACKED.  I couldn't help but thinking that we would wait at least 20 minutes for our food. To my surprise, it came out in less than 10!  It was very, very quick.Plenty of seating space.  Friendly empmloyees that come around asking if you need anything and they even come around with a tray when you're done eating with napkins, mints, toothpics, etc.Its like a fast food restaurant with waitresses, but not really.The food was awesome. I got the #7 Grilled Chicken Salad. It was awesome.  The mint-green dressing and the roasted corn on the salad was most memorable.My friend got a Chicken Avacado Wrap and he thought it was good.The drink choices are good.  They have the Low Calorie Lemonade from Minutemaid and then they also have CHERRY COKE!I'll definately be coming back to this place soon.
4	Grand opening is today! I'm happy there is one on this side of town. The true test will be to order chicken breasts and see if they have them. The other locations would strangely run out of breasts. They did forget my soda at the drive thru but when I went inside to tell them they gave me free flan! The drive thru went quick for a long line. Looking forward to seeing if they keep up the good job.
3	Food hasn't been bad.  Always hot at the least.  People seem friendly for the most part.  But I must say, this location hasn't been holding up to the same standards.  They consistently forget the little things like my salsa.  Also, food quality has been lacking a few times as of today.  My chicken came out over cooked on the thighs.  Still love el pollo, but needs improvements.
5	I'm so happy they have an El Pollo Loco nearby!! I've been saying for YEARS that they should open one in the southwest area! I love coming here because it's my healthy alternative. It's so easy to eat unhealthy around here because there's too many fast foods! By the end of the day, I just want to pick up food quickly and go home. El Pollo Loco offers that for me. Looks like they're brining the big cups back for salsa because they had these little dinky cups that only fit one bite. I guess I go at off times because it's not as busy as the other El Pollo Loco's can get. Going there tonight!! Can't wait :)
5	Kimberly is seriously the best cashier I have EVER had the opportunity to have take an order from me. Always smiling cheerful and happy to do her job. Keep an eye on her I see her going places. The food is always perfect and the rest of the staff is on top of their game too. Keeping up with our tables needs like clock work. I am seriously surprised at the couple of less then 5 star reviews because this place deserves every one of them and more from my MANY MANY visits to this location. Thanks and keep up the great work! Customer for life :)
5	I was very excited when I learned we were finally going to get an El Pollo Loco on this side of town. I Visited this location during its first week of operation and was more than impressed with the speed and quality of service. The food was cooked just right and came out almost immediately even though the place was packed. I've been back several times since they opened and every time I am left beyond satisfied with the service. When your food is ready it is brought out to you. When you are finished someone comes and picks up your tray for you. Even the lunch time cashier, Kimberly seems to do a far above average job of taking your order correctly the first time and keeping the line moving regardless of its length. This is doubtlessly my favorite El Pollo Loco location in town and it is perhaps my favorite restaurant in town because of the high level of attention to detail and friendliness that comes out of what one would expect to be just another fast food location.
3	The chicken is delicious! I'm a huge fan of their mac&cheese too. I've only been to this location once, it was a Tuesday night around 6:30. It wasn't really busy, but the tables seemed dirty (the floor under the table was awful). We had ordered one of the family meals and asked for a couple water glasses. They said they were out and grudgingly gave us one soda cup for three people. That's a little ridiculous. It's not our fault they were out of water glasses, there's no need to be all grumpy about giving us cups. We really did only want water. That's a minor issue, I know, but it was frustrating to need to share one cup between three people. We can't drink soda right now, so we weren't going to buy a soda cup just to get some water. Apart from the stupid cup issue and the slightly dirty appearance, it was fine. The chicken is always amazing.
4	I was here on Day One and I feel they've been pretty consistent with both food and service. It's nothing special considering it's a chain, but there's nothing to complain about either.Overall, I'm glad this location opened up. It is very convenient for me!
5	Thanks, great deals! Great customer service!
4	The salads are the best thing on the menu...
1	Went to this location last night, got a pretty simple family meal that comes with 2 sides...AND SHOCKER...one of the sides was wrong.  I asked for rice and mac&cheese, got rice and beans *bleh*.  I think I'm going to just start tracking the "mess ups" on Yelp!  So sad...it's LITERALLY every time I come here, something is wrong.  First time, missing a burrito that I was charged for, second time no chicken on my salad when I asked for no pico...third time no tortillas in the bag, and on and on.  This was my SIXTH VISIT!  0 for 6 is pretty sad...Too bad there isn't one closer to me.  All I can do is laugh...it's hysterical.
1	I really like el pollo loco but some things not right at this location. The last 2 times I've been, the chicken looks like it came from a small bird then cooked and left under a heat lamp for a few hours. I really hope not all locations have gone to this meat.
1	Always out of chicken. Staff in a hurry and throws your food around. They act like you are bothering them.
2	We always enjoy el Pollo Loco, so we were disappointed with this place. Upon walking in, the place looked great. Chicken was cooking, and everyone was busy getting ready for the day...it was 10 am. Sat down and waited for our order. Looking around we discovered that this place is poorly managed. The chair legs were filthy from where a mop had been up against them, there was crud of some kind...food probably...on the window sills, glass doors had hand prints all over them, and there was standing water with some warning signs around it. Little things really, but it all added up.That being said, the tacos carbon and the salsa bar were really good. We had a side of tortilla chips that were stale. They were cold and stale. Blah. My guess is that we will never come back here again. They need better management.
1	Absolutely awful.  It took forever to get our food. There lots of employees standing around. The table was dirty. The salsa bar was a complete mess and looked filthy.  It creeped me out.
2	I usually order the family meal-- their fire grilled chicken is usually tasty, hot, tender and flavorful, but lately the quality has deteriorated. The past 2 times I ordered through the drive through,  the chicken were dry and inedible--- it will be awhile before I try them again, too bad as this location is really convenient for me :(
3	First time here.  Food was ok, but the chicken on my blackened chicken torte was a little bland and my wife did not care for the very thick tortillas on her grande tacos.  Should have tried their mainstay, the grilled chicken plates which looked very good. Probably worth another visit.
5	The food was good.  It took about 13 min. to get the other half of our order and then it was wrong so had had to wait another 3 min.  It was pretty busy but there was 2 mistakes on my order.  One from the cashier and one from the cook.  Will I come back?  Probably so because I like their chicken and coupons!
1	This location has really gone downhill. Whoever runs the grill really needs to be retrained by corporate. Last three visits chicken has literally been black. Not just a bit overcooked but completely black and disgusting on both sides. Whenever I bring it back to have it replaced staff acts like I'm being such an inconvenience even rolled their eyes at me once. The last time I complained about it they told me I should check the chicken before I leave to see if it's burnt? Really? I don't feel it's my responsibility to make sure it's not black burnt and disgusting. Mashed potatoes were literally soup. Go to other locations they are much better wish there was another one closer to me.
1	Decided to go through drive thru.I order a #1 2 piece meal chicken breast had no skin on it.ordered a chicken tostada salad, there was NO lettuce nothing but red cabbage in my salad.also ordered 3 crunchy chicken tacos AGAIN NO LETTUCE! Nothing but red cabbage!
5	I came in with my wife, a little hungry, and got 100% excellent and enthusiastic support from the knowledgeable cashier 'Michael',  in helping with selection, plus.  I ordered 8 piece legs & thighs, broccoli, and drink. Chicken was perfect. Broccoli was fresh, crisp, and tasty. Service was fast!  I'm happy.
1	Went to this location a few weeks ago and ordered a 4 piece meal with cole slaw and rice with extra avocado salsa. Got charged for a 4 piece meal. Got home and had a 3 piece meal with rice and beans NO AVOCADO SALSA.. Annoying? Yes? Life changing? No.. Notified corporate of my little problem got a free $5 meal voucher (which I haven't used).. Went back today and ordered a 4 piece meal with cole slaw and rice. Received a ONE PIECE SKINLESS BREAST!!!??? Went back and spoke to the Manager Janette and advised of her of the error. The first words out of her mouth was "did you touch the chicken?" I said I had gotten home, opened the box and immediately returned. She said that it was my fault as I had obviously ordered a #4. I advised her that a single piece of skinless chicken probably wasn't worth the $7 and I would like the 4 piece that I had ordered. What did she do?? SHE CHARGED ME AN EXTRA $2.70 FOR THE ADDED CHICKEN THEN SIMPLY ADDED 3 PIECES OF CHICKEN TO THE BOX!!!??!! WTF happened to customer service!!?? I am going to completely avoid this location from now on. That $5 voucher will go in the trash and I will advise anyone who cares to avoid this place at all costs!!! I uploaded pictures of this ridiculously insulting meal and receipt!!
1	Visit A:Lid in the salsa at the salsa bar, waited close to 10mins for them to bring out new salsa, and when kid was just about to pour the salsa in:Customer: "You're not going to pour that in there are you?"Kid: "Why not?"Customer: "Bc there's a lid in there, it contaminated now"Kid: "OMG, really?"Dear Kid,I think your Food Handler card needs to be renewed!Visit B: Order was wrong, three times. They told us that they'd bring out whatever they hadn't given us and by the end of our visit, we never rec'd the last bit of our food. The management and staff at this place has NO CLUE as to what they're doing. Either they're too young or need add'l training. Staff speaks to customers without 'Thank You's", "You're Welcome's", or a damn smile, it's really not that hard to smile!The food is good but the service and staff are keeping us from coming back here. I think I'm ok to drive all the way to rainbow to avoid the headache of dealing with the craziness here. Thanks.
5	El Pollo Loco serves real chicken. You can see the giant grill behind the counter with  dozens of roasting chickens. The food and salsa there are very fresh .They can get very busy at this store. They need more registers and counter people. Be sure to ring the bell when you leave!
1	El Pollo Loco is my favorite fast food restaurant! I eat it at least four time a month and the service and food is usually top notch. Unfortunately, I can't say the same for this particular location! My 11-year-old son and 4-year-old daughter planned to go there since earlier in the morning. We went in on Tuesday, November 4, 2014 at around 2:00PM - a busy time, but no excuse for what we went through. I was fifth in line, but our turn came up fairly fast. We ordered the new family meal for $20, which includes their new version of manicotti; four corn tortillas rolled up into the shape of cigars, filled with melted cheese and topped with a slightly spicy red sauce! It took a good 15 minutes for the food to be ready and when we received it, the first thing we noticed was that the 8-pieces of chicken were so over-cooked that they were completely dry and some parts were so tough that they were completely inedible! But we were so hungry, we let it go and began to eat. Anyway, I was so looking forward to trying the new manicotti! It looked great and I went ahead to cut one in half with my fork to see how much melted cheese would be oozing out like in the picture, but....are you ready for this?!....all that was inside was a bunch of shredded cheese, not melted at all! And when I decided to touch it ever so gently to avoid burning my finger, it was ice-cold, literally! They forgot to cook it and served it raw! Now, I'm not one to complain too much, but this was rediculous! I took it back to the counter and showed it to the manager. Although they immediately began preparing a new order, there were no "we're sorry," or any form of disciplinary action, like it was no big deal! Ten minutes later they brought out a new order to our table. But they replaced the four uncooked ones with only two new ones! Again, I went back to the counter, but this time the manager rolled his eyes at me like it was my fault! That pissed me off. By the time we sat down to eat, all the employees would eye us weird! You could tell that the word spread throughout and now I was a trouble customer to them. I will never go back to this location again and I urge corporate to make staff changes immediately!
2	The food was good but the restaurant was filthy. The trash was overflowing and the bathrooms were filthy. There were plenty of employees but no one was keeping the place clean. We have been here a lot. I don't think we are going back. It makes me wonder how clean the whole restraint is.
1	This place was one of the worst el pollos I have eaten at. No clean tables to sit at, the trash cans in the place had nasty gunk all along the top on the outside and the salsa bar was scary. The salsas looked anything other than they had been prepared that day as advertised. The chicken I had was slimy and pink in the inside. Pretty much turned off to this establishment.
