5	Despite the fact that M is in Henderson and NOT on the strip [boo], I would still say that their Race & Sports book might be my favorite in town.  I love betting and watching sports here because it's super easy & the space is amazing.  First of all, each chair has it's own little cubicle with 4 personal TVs.  You can only usually find that in other sports books for those who bet on horse races but at the M it's for everyone to enjoy.  THANK. YOU. So with my drink in hand and my 4 TVs I can watch 2 football games and have Keeping Up with the Kardashians on another.  **One TV is reserved for commercials of the M's portable gambling gadget that you can take anywhere apparently and still gamble on a thing that looks like an iPhone.  The seats here are also very comfy.  I came here on a Sunday during football season and for the afternoon games my boyfriend and I were able to find seats which I was thankful for.  They also have a TON of screens here.  I literally felt that every football game was on and so I could just go back and forth when one game went to a commercial.  And as usual, $5 minimum bet here.A highly recommended place to hang out and get all riled up when your team isn't covering the spread.  Plus when you're done you can walk 10 seconds and eat a the best buffet in Vegas.  Two birds in one stone ppl. Take advantage!Well done M.  Well done.
4	I've been going to red rock for the past 3yrs to watch sports and the NCAA College Basketball and before that i used to go to GVR or Sunset Station.Yesterday i went to the M to watch the games with a group of friends. I will have to say this is my new favorite place to watch sports due to the amount of tv they have and open space to walk around and not feel crowed.
4	Best off strip sportsbook. Great lines for sporting games and great seats to watch all the games. The tv's on the wall could be a little bigger because they are so highly mounted though
4	Very nice and clean resort. They have cheap and high end gambling tables and lots and lots of flat screen TV's everywhere in the casino. A big plus since I love sports. They also have a Hash a go go here when you get hungry. I rather finish my Vegas trip here then at state line.
4	I like this book a lot and don't come enough since I live far. But, it is a great place to watch a game and it is not comfy but they have great desks to follow the odds and games. The deli next door is really good too. It also has in game wagering where you can bet with your emotions and flow of games. I have not done it and the pro betters stay away. But, it is an option.
4	I love this place. Although it is way off the strip of Las Vegas, it is still a great place to go. They have one of the best AYCE there for the price you pay. The food there is awesome and the place is nice and clean overall. There are like lounges where you can just sit and enjoy a beverage and enjoy the ambience. The pool area is pretty nice and clean, very comparable to the Venetian pool. The reason why I gave this place 4 stars even though I love this place is because of the rude service I got while playing at a table. I was new to the table and wasnt sure how the rules were, but the dealer just didnt make me want to stay at the table. their rules at the table were different than any other casino i have been to so I wish there was like a sign posted with the simple rules. I almost didnt want to tip the dealer at all but I know that is courtesy of a player
5	VIP all the way.  Great leather seats and hot cocktail waitresses.  Place your bets!
4	Really Nice Sportsbook. got there at 8:30 am on a NFL sunday , and was able to get a seat. Try that on the strip. Great seat with your own TV to watch the game or race you want. The Deli is right there . - 1 star for frequency  of cocktail service on the day I was there . No Problem bought a soda at the deli and was told free refills all day . I like my refills. I will be back !!
4	Spent most of my time at the sports bar/betting area on a Sunday NFL day and comPared to other places on the strip I would have to say I really love their area. It's not over crowded, the servers are nice, the people there aren't rude and pushy, their seating are comfortable for bar seating, and the drinks and food are not bad. Oh and this is the only place where I was able to see the tvs clearly! It's a very nice clean hotel/casino. I would most definitely come here again.
1	If you are watching sports and not betting horses, the stars may be higher. Let's talk about horse race betting. Most sportsbooks have a half/half split. One half of the room is horses, the other half is sporting events. On each side, they show one of the hot games or the current race on the big screen. Why are we watching the Red Sox in May on the horse racing side? The guys behind the counter have no clue how to interact with horse players, and do not know the lingo. That may be because they look like they turned 21 yesterday. Never again.
4	Good lines. Some of the best anywhere. Sports book owned by Cantor gaming which is separate from the M Resort owners.So they don't share rewards programs.The design is great and seats comfortable. Location is great right next to poker room and the big deli which is open really late maybe 24 hours but double check and they have good food while watching sports. Also the 32 degree bar is attached and you can see games from the bar area while eating and drinking.Strong sports book all around.
3	This place is good but was better with the previous owners. Regulars/betters would get a few drink tickets for making bets and it was a nice courtesy. It still has some appeal but they generally only run free events on TV or HBO boxing. UFC, Strikeforce, and other events take a back seat. You can bet but need to go somewhere else to watch them. Sportsbar attached is nice with many beers to choose from. If you like wine-they used to have some half way decent ones- they are down to some really poor picks. Mixed drinks they got it all. This review is about the sportsbook and connecting bar only.
4	Very clean and organized. Placed a couple of small bets on horse racing and the guy who took our bets was very nice. They should have placed the horse racing info cards in a more central area. We noticed them as we were leaving. The guy who took our bets was real nice. The TV screens in my opinion were a little too high. Not sure if it was so the rest of the casino could see it but it was a bit distracting.
4	I just love the way this casino smells when you walk in!
4	Lots of beer to choose from, I think over 90 on tap. Love the outfits the cocktail servers wear :) Probably the best sports book in Vegas, GVR is a close second.
4	I'm probably not the best person to write a review of a Sports Book because I'm not a sports bettor, but I've been here with lots of folks and they seem to love it. The set-up is super nice and it's a great place to watch the races or games. You can also take a seat on one of the counter stools at the adjacent Vig Deli and eat while you watch.
5	I love the Sports Book here.   I actually drive out of my way to visit the M resort to place my larger bets.  They usually have the best lines.  The ticket writers are always so polite and helpful if you need it.  It's very laid back and they don't make you feel rushed.Thumbs up for this Sports Book.  Bring on the Super Bowl~~
4	I love staying here! The rooms are incredible. There is a lot of space and the beds are very comfy, not mention the bathroom has a TV built in to the mirror! The check in attendants are extremely helpful and kind. The only suggestion I would make is to add outlets near the bed...
4	Everything you need in a Sportsbook.  Big TVA, scoreboard and individual seating.  Bar and food options close by, nice and convenient but not very busy which is what I prefer.  If you like the crowds and loud excitement, not a place for you.
