4	This is pretty much the 80s night option in Pittsburgh now that The Upstage is gone (RIP!!)  And it fulfills it's 80's night obligations pretty well. The DJs do take some non-danceable 'just wanna show off my 80s music knowledge' liberties, but not too often.  This is a huge place with pool, ping pong, and couches. The dance floor is plenty big for everyone. Once all the electricity went out on the street (Penn or Butler, i can't remember which street it's on) but Belve's stayed open and served warm Pabst and lit candles. What a great attitude!!!I haven't been any other night beside thur. but I heard that they're both dead any other night (which is nice sometimes), and that they're trying to do unique stuff over there, like a world music night and stuff. Yes the bathrooms are gross! Yes the patrons are hipsters! Yes it smells like vomit from time to time!But deal with it. And then come dance!
4	Belvedere's is the town bicycle of Pittsburgh bars & clubs. So many places in the city have a set format that they stick to religiously.....not here. The best thing about this place is that no matter what your tastes in music or booze are, you can get it here at some point depending on which promoter is running the show.Mashup, indie, rock, yinzer music, techno, 80s....everything is here. The crowds are a blast as well. I've never been inside this bar and not seen every single person with a huge smile. Check their schedule on their MySpace page to find something you like. If you can't make up your mind, 80s night on thursdays is a great default pick.I once saw them refer to their bar as "Belvedere's Ultradrive". Perfect.
1	There are very few bars in Lawrenceville that I have enjoyed to be honest.  Most are just filthy, dingy little rooms.  Belvedere's has the potential to be a great space, but it just looks like somebody's basement.  Having been there for about ten minutes, I had to get involved in a domestic dispute, because some lady spit on her boyfriends(?) face.  If you want to be a filthy dive bar, you should probably have a bouncer, but like I said, this place is just created of fail.  Shitty bartenders that are super full of themselves round out this piece of shit, dirty hole in the wall.  I'm still hoping my trip to the Round Corner Cantina is going to save my Lawrenceville review record.
5	This bar is AMAZING. I visited Pittsburgh for the first time recently with the girlfriend and she took me to Belvedere's to see Gang Green and some really really awesome local bands. Needless to say I was in heaven. The beer was cheap and delicious and we got free shots from a bartender that looked exactly like Jesus would if he bar-tended (I shit you not, not only was this fellow the most benevolent bartender I have ever met but his hair was flowing and divine and probably magical). The bar is:A dirt hole, it's grunge filled, it's the definition of a dive. If you have delicate sensibilities I would stop in to check it out, spend money, but not stay. This place is a great place to see punk shows. It's the last of a dieing breed.
5	This is my favorite Pittsburgh bar. I've described returning to Belvederes as "going home again" with some really weird but lovable relatives. Drinks are cheap. The bartenders are awesome (my bartender last time resembled Jesus and gave myself and my boyfriend a fantastic communion of gummy bears and free shots). They put on some fantastic punk shows, host post-roller-derby parties, and put on a really great 80s night. I went there last New Years and - as always - had an amazing time. Go with a group of friends or go alone - people are friendly so feel free to strike up a conversation!Keep up the awesomeness Belvederes!
2	I've been here several times, mainly for 80's night, although I have  also been there on other nights as well. I gave Bel's 2 stars because they have a couple pool tables, a ping pong table, comfy chairs, a few old school arcade games and aside from the ever so popular 80's night they do have punk shows and sometimes screen indie movies(I've never been to either but an old roommate went and really enjoyed). I do love my dives but this is on a whole different level. Now that I haved moved out of Lville, I doubt that I will ever return, I just can't get over the place smelling like a giant arm pit - no matter what night of the week it is.
2	I came here last night with girl friends (girls night out)  to see the awful burlesque act the Bridge City Bombshells.They gave me the "you are beautiful" stamp. lol. How nice of them. Other than that, I've been to better places. It is a dark dingy dive. Eclectic clientelle though, from gay and straight to goth and yinzer and even some people who gave us girls the heebie jeebies. Maybe I should go on a different night? The entertainment was lousy. I had a better time at the Rex at The Pretty Things Peepshow.
3	Fifty-cent pool tables, check. Alcohol, check. A variety of characters of all creeds and lifestyles, check.It's a bar guys, stop thinking too much about it! I've been here on almost every night of the week and have never had a problem. I've never smelled anything weird, either.In fact, on one occasion the bar manager played darts with me and my friend for a few hours for free, using his little magic key. On other nights, I can play the cheapest pool tables in Pittsburgh with little interruption.On 80s nights, all walks of life are represented and everyone seems to have fun. I really can't complain.
4	Pudding wrestling!! I had to see how this would go down! A bunch ofladies scantily clad slopping around in pudding. I thought it was gonna be trashy but the girls were pretty built and squirming tough! Quite an entertaining night I have to say.The drinks are cheap, the line moved quickly, and it was packed full of all levels of hipsters. Super dirty ones and border line clean cut ones. The friends I went with were looking for love over Valentines day with the expectation that where there are ladies doused in pudding there would be lots of guys. Not sure if the guy I would want to start a meaningful relationship with is a pudding ogler but what an easy way to strike up a conversation.Standing in the back you can't see past the screaming crowd, standing in the front you are covered and splashed with yellow pudding. Tapioca? Lemon?  It was in my hair, purse, and all over my coat! Given the chance to choose I would totally be in the front row again. Had a blast!
4	I was seriously worried about this place.  I read the Yelp reviews and I talked to friends....and I'm not gonna lie....they scared me a little!  All I heard was: super dirty dive bar, incredibly smokey inside and super judgey hipsters. It's sad when judgey hipsters scare you more than thugs with guns! So I was SUPER pumped to get back to my 90's roots with 90's night. I know they have a lot of themed nights, but I can't deny getting in touch with my inner biggie biggie biggie! Let me tell you, doubters be damned, it was a total blast!  I'm usually a club girl.  Living in the "big city" for some time now, I'm used to going to clubs with some freak nasty, drop it like it's hot music.  Usually creeper dudes hanging around waiting to go in for the kill.  Maybe a rando drunk girl pukin girl puking in the bathroom. You know, the usual.  I just go to DANCE!This place took me back to this old dance party we used to go to in high school that was in like an Eagle's Club.  They would push the pool tables aside and we'd get down.  We were in high school, so we just wanted to DANCE!  And dance we did!  It was just innocent dancing (well, kinda semi grinding)!  That's exactly what this place was!  No creepers tryin to get in these panties, Could I do without the smoke, plus the disgusto smell you bring back with you later that night, yes!  Were the couches maybe a tad questionable to sit on, yes!  But belly up to the bar I did for $2.50 Yuenglings and $5 Tequila shots!!  Believe me, I'll totally be back for 90's night, plus 80's night and any other dance party themed nights they have!  Next time maybe I'll even bring out the snap bracelets! It's really just good ole fashion fun times, with some innocent bumpin and grindin!
5	I love this fucking place. Great clientele. Everyones easy to talk to but then again I feel like this crowd could easily be tossed into a Los Angeles and fit in perfectly. If you're from the West Coast this is a great place to go. Smokey yes. But I think I'm moving over to a new spot bye bye Brillobox
3	A "dive bar" is the perfect description for Belvedere's though as all locals know, Belvs takes pride in being known as a true "ultra dive". Being a Lawrenceville local, I have been to Belvederes many times. There are nights when I enjoy the atmosphere and nights when I stay for a drink and then leave. This is mainly dependent upon the crowd and day of the week. I've listed some of the positive and negative qualities of the place below. Negative aspects of Belvedere's are as follows: 1.) you can usually count on a large crowd of stinky, sweaty people who don't believe in bathing 2.) You've got to be able to withstand a lot of cigarette smoke as this is allowed inside of the premises - and most of the people who frequent Belvederes smoke - a lot. 3.) The poorly lit atmosphere makes it difficult to get around at times (especially if you are crocked) 4.) The dirty environment isn't for those with a weak stomach - this is a dive bar. 5.) They do not serve food so you are out of luck if you want to grab a bite.Positive aspects of Belvederes are 1.) the drinks are cheap 2.) 80's night is a total blast (Thursdays) 3.) Always a wide range of interesting people to talk to and see 4.) It is right across the street from the late night Wendy's and right next door to the 24 hour Get Go. (snacks and cigarettes!) 5.) If the crowd sucks you can easily walk to another bar down the street. It is on Butler St. so everything is easily accessible here. 6.) The staff is nice 7.) The smoking indoors policy is nice if you are a smoker 8.) They've got pinball machines and pool tables. 9.) Belvedere's hosts many fun themed nights (80's night, 90's night, DJs, bands, Down and Derby, Pudding Wrestling, Karaoke, Burlesque Shows, etc etc....)All in all it is a place worth checking out. As I wrote earlier, if you think that it sucks, you can always walk to another bar a couple of doors down.
5	Down & Derby!
4	i came home last weekend to visit. while i was in i sent my buddy a text to find out what was up to; to see if he wanted to hang out. he tells me that him and a mutual friend are going to "some bar" to watch the friend's ex pudding wrestle and asked me if i wanted to go.  my immediate reaction was a sort of pseudo-disgust. but as i thought about it i decided that watching women wrestling around in pudding is something i didnt want to go my entirely life not having done and now was as good a time as any.having no real knowledge of what this place was like, only that it was in lawrenceville, my imagination started concocting terrible assumptions. i imagined some shitty dirty little place in the middle of some shitty dirty little part of lawrenceville that merely parking my car in would put it at risk of being broken into or stolen. i imagined that the place would probably be full of grimy, dirty old men, yelling at women degrading themselves. needless to say i was not expecting a very comfortable evening.i was pleasantly surprised to discover that when we actually got there, belvederes was nothing like what i expected. there was a very hipster crowd/atmosphere and mostly unlike my expectation, i didnt feel the least bit at risk while i was there. they have some cool art on the walls and some good beers on the taps, notably were rouge and founders. the beer selection was much better than what i assumed based what you can usually find on tap at shitty bars over on southside.the back of the bar opens up into a dance hall/concert venue. back there is a second bar along with a stage, a pool table (maybe two, i didnt really notice), and some big comfy chairs and tvs. the chairs and the tvs had all been pushed up against the wall and the pool table was towards the back, im assuming that this was to make room for the crowd that would be gathering around the kiddy pool in the center of the room. my mutual friend commented that the place looked like it could be the first gig in a guitar hero game, i agreed.while we were waiting around for the event to start up we somehow or other got to talking to one of the more creepy fellas in the room. he informed us that this is actually an annual event and then proceeded to display his xxl tshirt from last year's event to us. later on in the evening he bought another shirt. apparently they do a lot of events here because i also heard a few things about roller derby and 80's night.theres not much to say about the pudding wrestling itself. it was pretty much what you would expect. by the end of the night my clothing had taken a fair amount of collateral pudding damage, it was being flung all over the place. generally though it was a good time. we ended up leaving before the final round because the girl we were there to see was eliminated in the semi-finals and wanted to get out asap. i felt kinda bad because when i asked her what sort of compensation she got she said nothing, not even free beer. she just did it for fun.enough about my experience. regarding the actual bar, it seemed like a decent enough place. beer selection was wide and cheap. it seems like they regularly have events going on so thats a plus. the crowd was mostly hipsters, mid 20s to early 30s. you can take that however you want, i found it welcoming.the area is a little bit shady and i would still be slightly nervous parking my car around there, but maybe im just paranoid. i mean the bar is right on butler st. so its kinda right out in the open. my only major complaint with the place itself would be the amount of smoke.  when we walked in it was fine but by the end of the night the entire place had a gray haze, stepping outside was like drinking a cold glass of water after being stranded in the desert for days.final thoughts, check it out but be wary of the smoke and the neighborhood.
4	If you're a serious electronic dance music lover - check out the 'Out of Order' monthly every second saturday put on by the Humanaut crew. Humanaut is known across the US for it's underground style of dance music and Belvedere's is now their home. Gigantic surround-sound systems are installed for each party as well as some visual component. DJ lineups rotate between really good locals, regionals, and every three to four months a huge international headliner. This is not the commercial garbage type of electronic, so don't be expecting that.
4	The only bar I have ever been punched in the face by a girl. Did I deserve it? Probably. Cheap PBR pounders will do crazy things to a man. I was taken to this little gem by a group of friends. When I saw the building I questioned the legitimacy of our friendship. I was 90% sure I was going to get killed. Fortunately there was no bloodshed. When you walk in the bar you see a nice sized bar to your left and the facilites to your right. At first you are like oh, nice small bar, cool I can deal with this. Then all of a sudden you see people walking towards the back of the bar and you wonder what is back there. And what do my wondering eyes do see, but 2 big tvs and 8 crusty couches.Remember when you were in High School and you had that one rich friend whose parents were never home so you always had a bunch of people over to their basement. You'd drink crappy beer, play stupid games and if you were lucky enough to get women over you'd dance to bad music. Well that friend grew up and now owns Belvedere's. If you go in here with the mindset of having a great time and not worrying about what other people think of you it's gonna be an awesome place. If you are more of the Station Square type people who wanna drink overpriced mixed drinks and look at women in club dresses...probably not your joint.Only reason it's not 5 stars is because I got a black eye and spilt my beer.
5	Belvedere's is fun!  It's like crashing someone's house party, and then finding out it's okay to stay.The six of us had a ball, there's a pool table, cushy chairs and a big dance floor that's partitioned off with netting.  Drinks are so inexpensive, it just encourages you to truly get your drink on.  The DJ was doing the 80's thing on our visit, and it was a perfect fun, drunky night.
1	If you are over 30 or employed, you will want to go elsewhere...anywhere else.A friend brought us here because the girls in the group wanted to dance while we were in Lawrenceville.  Disclaimer: dancing is not my thing and I loathe smoking.The essence of this place:  It is the adult version of the locker that all the dweebs in high school were forcefully stuffed.  But now they choose to be here.  Furthermore, I don't believe healthy human life could be sustained for over a few hours in this environment.The odor:  The place smelled like a combination of fraternity pledge on day 15 and the inside of Dennis Leary's car.  My jacket smelled for over a week.  I thought it may have died.The heat:  It was about 90 degrees in the place, excluding the bathroom.  A great temperature for dancing or breathing in general.Now there is a cover.  I have no idea of why a hellhole like this would have a $5 cover?  Maybe to let in underage people?  I don't know.  Or to subsidize the cheap PBRs?  It definitely wasn't for the entertainment.  The DJ played a poor mix of 90s music and often didn't play more than half of a song.  Baby Got Back?  Oh god, no.  The people:  It's hard to tell as it was dark.  But mostly socially awkward people seemed to be the general population of this establishment.  I saw a few girls falling on the floor trying to do a wheelbarrow and they seemed to be the most normal.  Most people looked like they got dressed drunk or homeless.If you want to go to a real Pittsburgh dive bar, go to Jack's.  Or any other place on most corners of the city with an Iron City neon sign. This place reminded me of a 10 year church youth group reunion without the priests.  No, wait.  Nevermind, I'm not going to go there.
3	Sketchy, Hipsters, Divy, Dirty.  All words I hear regularly to describe Belvedere's.  All true, but not in the worst way amazingly.My buddy loves this place and finally got me to venture away from my comfort zones and put a few back with him here.We got there around 9:30 on a Friday night and like any other trendy dive bar it was dead at this time.  We got to run a pool table and drink good craft beers for a relatively cheap price.  Hmmm, good so far.  I was dressed in my normal prep meets Southern Rock meets old man.  And I must say the hipsters did give me some curious glances, but I found the people quite friendly and not the pretentious douche I had imagined to be occupying this hole.A complaint I had this early on was that the pool table and dart board both were costly and normally where I frequent you just give someone your ID and you play for free, not so at Belvedere's.  Sorta lame for a dive bar that looks like a dirty college party house.Around 11pm it began to fill up and more downsides began to appear.  The smoke hadn't bothered me, but once the population density rose the smoke cloud became choking.  Another downside was the staff seemed perfectly fine with some strung out railriders posting up at a pool table and rolling around on the floor next to it.  Hard drugs are fun!I slinked away around 12:30 and by this time it was filled up quite nicely.  My buddy seemed cool with this, but he was drunk, wish I had been too.PROS- Good beer / Fair Prices- Homey, Divy Atmosphere- Pool, Darts, Comfy Chairs- Themed NightsCONS- Smoky- Hipsters- Gotta pay to play- They let the Riff Raff in
3	The cigarette smoke is a killer and I hate covers, but this is a good place to dance and people watch.
4	You'll have fun here, but you'll need a shower after you leave this place if you go on 80s or 90s nights...  sweat from dancing but also cigarette smokes.  this bar is RIDICULOUSLY smoky.  So, so, so smoky!  The drinks are pretty damn good, I highly recommend the Long Treasure Island, it's like love in a cup.  Actually its all sort of rummy goodness and its so good that even my guy friends will drink it despite the fact its pink.This is a safe bar that gets a diverse crowd of friendly people.Try Belvedere's out on a club night.  I've gone there on a week night and it was full of gnarled locals.  okay, just locals.  they werent excessively gnarled.  A little gnarled.Don't bother dressing up or wearing heels, just show up and have a good time!My only problem with Belv's--other than the smoke--is that there is inevitably that moment I have every single time where I'm like...  "What the hell am I doing here?  I'm too old for this."  If you are over 30, consider going to the Thunderbird with the rest of the grown ups bc this is not your crowd.Upside:  if you're 30 youll look younger than all the hipsters at Belv's who are all 23 but for some reason want to look like they are 60 with their beards, ugly glasses and 'grandpa got drunk and dressed himself again!' outfits.  So, there's that...
1	I came here for 80's night once.  Once.  The bartenders were ENTIRELY rude.  The inside of the bar was filthy, equipped with a couch from Mugatu's  "Derelicte Home" collection that is probably growing a new strain of penicillin. Hipsters everywhere. I couldn't get out of there soon enough!
3	I'd heard about this place from a few people.  Some of our friends were on a mini Butler Street bar crawl, and told us to meet them here.  It was way bigger than I was expecting, which was nice.  Lots of room to spread out and do your own thing.  The boys loved the fact that they have $2 PBR pounders.  I enjoyed the beer selection, and had a few Great Lakes brews.  The only downfall about this place was the smell.  I don't say this proudly, but I'm sort of used to the dive-bar smoky musty smell.  When I got home, my clothes smelled far worse than any of my experience at other places.  I'd suggest leaving your coat at home, if possible.  I'm sure we'll be back eventually, since I've heard good things about their theme nights and bar bingo.
4	David went to Louis's house, as was his habit when he was bored. He burned for attention, desperately. He needed an audience to thrive, and Louis would deliver, without fail. So yanking the creaking plywood door open, he clattered up the hollow stairs, and burst into the stuffy, second-story apartment.Louis lay spread out on the bed in cutoff dungarees and a grey wifebeater. He looked sour. Tufts of chest hair stuck out from the top of his shirt.David nervously clutched several slips of paper in his hands. He was going to read his writing to Louis. Louis was a terrible writer, and the meanest, harshest critic David knew. David liked critics. He liked people who looked at him meanly, and yelled often, and never said nice things. These people helped him remember that he was, as he often thought, no damn good.But none of this mattered to David when in Louis's presence. There, he was many things - a half-cocked madman, a narcissist, a man emboldened by whiskey and chasing dreams that would never materialize. "Yeah, hi," said David rudely. "I was in the neighborhood.""So I see," snapped Louis, swinging his long legs over the side of the bed. "So tell me. Why of all the goddamned places in the world would you waste your time here?""Well, you know Louie, that's not very nice. I was thinking of you.""Huh. You were, huh?" Louis paused, picked up his Wolf Parade album from his dresser and absent-mindedly polished it on the corner of his shirt. "Well. Tell me. Do my calves look big in these shorts? I mean I'm Italian. They're huge, naturally, right?""Jorts," David corrected him. "They're jorts. Now, I'm going to read some stories I wrote. Let's stop with this silliness.""Do you think I am SILLY?" snapped Louis. "Let me see what you got there. Come on, give it."David yanked his fistful of papers out of reach. But Louis was taller and he easily wrested them away."In earthly distant lands, I dreamt of fish children gambolling on distant moons. A great noise crescendoed across the galaxy, a terrible roar filled the air and..." Louis read in a sing-song voice. "Yeah, ok, that's good." He sniggered, threw the student newspaper clip to the floor and picked up the next. "Here we go...oh boy!" he whooped, clearing his throat. "Lycanthropes have invaded our amygdalas. The Mugglewumps have colonized the feeder cell, and the universe is half-past tea.""Were you high when you wrote this?" Louis demanded."NO" shouted David."Ah, you were manic. Yes, you were. I can feel it in the words.""No, for fuck's sake, no I WAS NOT MANIC.""Ha ha, you were high as SHIT when you wrote this. I can tell!" Louis announced triumphantly. He threw his Pall Mall onto the dung-brown carpet and ground the butt out with his boot for emphasis. "I'm bored with your shit, with your little-baby shit. Tell me. Tell me really, David...WHY did you come here again?""Forget it," said David. He paused and backed into the corner, twirling a long golden curl around his finger. Suddenly, he brightened and bounded up to Louis on coltish legs. "Let's go to the Brillobox!""It's not open TODAY," Louis growled. "They're on vacation. They're on that god-damned vacation every August. You know? You KNOW." Louis collapsed against the headboard, sighing and fishing around for another Pall Mall. He hoped David would leave so he could pick up some cigarettes without buying his perpetually broke, sometimes-sidekick a pack.David laughed and shimmied his butt in front of the sagging window, which faced a grey, garbage-strewn Liberty Avenue. "THEN, my dear Louis, we are going to the DANCE PARTY at BELVEDERE'S!"
3	Belvedere's is one of the few places I've been in my life where I can honestly say anyone is welcome, without judgment (as long as you come to party, of course!).  This is a true come one, come all, be-yourself in all your glory type of establishment, emphasized even with the hand-stamp boasting "You are beautiful".It's totally smoky, and that is kind of crappy.  And believe me, after dancing my ass off for an hour to the best of the 90s in what felt like 90 degrees, I was disgusting.  Sweaty, smoky, and happy.  The theme nights here are the best - 80s night, 90s night, and even a roller-skating night!There is usually a cover, and parking is limited and on-street.  My advice?  Go for a fun night of dancing/roller-skating, wear old clothes and as few items as you feel comfortable in, grab a PBR pounder, and let yourself go!
5	Best place for good dancing and music in Pittsburgh.  80s and 90s night are killer!  I'm normally a timid dancer, but this music really gets me going!  Cover charge but cheap cheap drinks.  The crowd is a range of people, none of them being judgmental!
1	Bartenders don't care. Gave them a 20 for a yuengling which is 3. Gave me 2$ back. Tried to fix it, bartender walked away from me! never to return. So sad. I get that you guys were busy, and some people are dishonest and try to scam but come on! Look at the bills you receive!
5	After living in Pittsburgh for five years I can now say with confidence that Belvedere's is one of my favorite places in the whole city and one of the main reasons I love living in Lawrenceville. From the moment you walk in the door you are branded with a "You are Beautiful" hand stamp and the love does not stop there. Pabst Blue Ribbon pounders (16 oz. cans) are only one dollar before midnight on Thursday's for 80's night! After that they go up to a whopping two dollars for the rest of the night, accompanied by $3 well drinks and many more specials. The atmosphere at Belvedere's is welcoming for just about anyone as long as you come with an open mind! There aren't many places you can find the mix of people that inhabit Belvedere's on any given night--not to mention the mix of dancing styles. No judgment is passed and everyone is treated with respect. The dance floor is usually my go-to spot but there are also couches for lounging, pool tables and darts. A separate bar in a quieter room is also good for those looking to relax rather than be part of a large crowd. Thursday's are 80's nights, and 1st, 2nd and 3rd Saturday's are 90's. Fourth Saturday of the month is roller derby night! Bartenders are always super friendly, often asking if you have a safe ride home for the night before serving you. The fact that they have bathroom attendants always makes me laugh because it is so casual but the attendants in the ladies room are always fun to talk to and very helpful. And, although I've never gone for the food, I have tried a friend's (French fries with black beans, peppers and onions) and it was amazing! Overall, the eclectic group of people and welcoming, hipster/punk vibe make Belvedere's a unique spot where you have to TRY to have a bad time. My only warning--you will smell like an ashtray for a solid three days afterwards.
4	An interesting dive bar with a decent prices and draft selection.
3	Oh my dear Smelvedere's! I've had the best of times here, but I've also had the worst of times. You never know what kind of night you're going to have. The crowds and music are widely varied, but you can always count on a dark smokey bar with cheap drinks. A friend and I went to karaoke for my birthday on a Tuesday night, and we were the ONLY two people there for the first couple of hours. On the other hand, 80s night on Thursdays can be so crowded you have to hold your drink in the air while moving through the crowd. Overall, a pretty cool hipster blue collar type of bar with a great dance floor.
4	So this might be the most random place to venture to, but it's worth it! I'm actually not a dive bar type of girl, but I love this crazy venue!Disco derby, get weird, sexplosion, 80s nights, and more! The DJs are great, and tailor the music to the theme for the night. I caught the disco derby last night, and it was so much fun! You can rent skates (for $3 or bring your own), rent a locker (with a $5 deposit), and get in with a cover ($10 without a reservation)....I'm pretty sure there are covers for every theme night, but it's worth it! I wish they would just expand the place to accommodate more skaters.
5	Hey forget what you heard! This bar is beyond awesome with cheap and an awesome beer selection! Bartenders and staff make you feel like part of the family because that's what they are about. And I gotta say their burgers are great! 90s is the shit! Ya it's smokey but whatevvv.. You will have an awesome time I'm sure of it
5	You will not be sorry for checking this place out. Went on 80s night, music was great, dj spinning real vinyl, crowd welcoming and fun, cheap drinks, what more could you want! Bathroom had attendant, she was fun and sweet. The front bar is non smoking but all the fun and dance floor is pretty smoky. Well worth the watery eyes and stinky clothes/hair though! Will definitely go back!
4	This place has been increasing in popularity over the past few years. You'll be stuck in a medium-paced line outside if you show up after 11:00p.m. on a Friday or Saturday. They are extremely serious about staying at capacity, which makes the wait worth it and the bar always comfortably full of people. Belvedere's provides a smoky, dive-y environment where everyone is welcome. Be sure to check out 80s, 90s, and Y2K nights. I've heard to stay away from "sexplosion," which sometimes takes place on friday nights. Others may disagree. Try out their derby nights at least once, but no one will judge you if you never return again (ouch).  You can't really beat the prices of belvedere's, and you'll be sure to leave thinking, "I AM beautiful..."
4	I wish I could give Belvedere's five stars, but there have been far too many bros there lately. Other than the few unfortunate slime-balls creeping in from the south side, this place is everything one could want in a dive-y bar with a dance floor. The drinks are cheap, the atmosphere is chill, the place is kept much cleaner than other bars I've been in, the fries are delicious and come out hot every time, and the staff is absolutely epic. If I was cool enough, I would work here. Unfortunately I am not.
4	Belvedere's is cool if you like hipster dance clubs.  A dance club is a dance club to me, so here is a brief summary of why they get 4 stars instead of 2 or 3.1.  The bathrooms are clean without having the bathroom attendant you have to pay.2.  There are both cheap and expensive drinks.3.  There is a coat check.4.  While they do allow smoking, I've never felt the place is smokey.  While I still will leave with a smokey tinge to my clothing, it isn't a crazy amount of odor.So yeah, if you are looking for an inexpensive dance/club night, I'd recommend Belvederes.
