4	The old The State bar with a new owner and a face lift.  New TVs (several 65" plasmas), darts are gone, no pitchers (which is a bit odd since the word "sport" is in the name of the place).  My group stopped in for a quick drink and found beer prices were 4-5 bucks a pint, which is the highest price on St. Street.  They have all new staff, and lots of high end scotches and whiskey's.  The new look and prices were done for a reason (drive out the college kids).  I will definitely return to try out their new menu soon!
3	I just can't say this enough for the city of Madison - STRONG drinks every time, and they never, ever, ever card you. Now I'm 25, so I don't technically need to be carded, but living in Chicago I'm still asked to whip out my I.D. about 50% of the time. Not in Madison, WI. We went for a drink probably 10 times and we never got asked. And it took probably 2-3 drinks fewer for me to get drunk.Anyway - that was way off topic. Zander's is a very smooth, classy place. They did have TVs with sports on, but it didn't feel much like a sports bar. We only drank, so I can't say anything about the food, but we had a nice bartender, and it was a good place to relax.It's important to note we were there on a Wednesday evening around 9pm, so this place could be wild and crazy on the weekend nights. Who knows.
2	We went here because we were hungry after the Farmer's Market, and it seemed like an OK place for lunch. It was...OK. I had a cup of beer cheese soup, and decided that I don't really like beer cheese soup. My sister had the same soup and liked it, so it was me and not the soup.She had a caesar salad wrap, and that was pretty good-not soggy, so that's a good thing.It was OK-it would have been better if it wasn't a half hour wait to sit outside. When you have to sit inside on a beautiful day, it's kind of like detention...
3	I went here on Friday with some friends for Madison's restaurant week (they were the only ones with reservations available).  We actually enjoyed it - the host was very nice and recommended a GREAT drink - the Passion Fruit Tea (or something like that).  It was delicious!  And I had 2!  I had the beef empanada and highly HIGHLY recommend this for an appetizer.  I thought it was fried perfectly and the cilantro mojo that was over it was very good....however the beef inside was only ok, I think it needed a few more seasonings!  I had the surf and turf - and I liked it, but it didn't knock my socks off.  To be perfectly honest - it seemed like the shrimp was boiled.  There was absolutely no flavor to the shrimp, but the peppers, onions, potatoes, and beef were pretty good.  For dessert - get the apple empanada.  It was SO good.  Thinking about it now makes my mouth water.  Our server was ok, it took a while to get our drinks and some water, but she was attentive - she may have just gotten busy.  I would recommend this place as a safe option for people, it seems they have a fairly standard menu.  I wouldn't mind going back, but I have to admit I'd like to try some other restaurants around Madison first!
4	My boyfriend and I went to Zanders during the end of summer for a quick lunch and ate outside on State Street.  Our waitress was a sweetheart and very conversational, I think her name was Claire.  She recommended the salad I ended up ordering (a dark green, fresh mozzarella, balsamic reduction, fresh tomato salad) and it was good! The balsamic was a little thick but I ended up eating most of it and liked it.  My boyfriend had a sandwich on fresh toasted bread, and he really enjoyed it and ate some of my salad too.  We stopped inside to use the restrooms and really enjoyed the decor.  It was cool how you could see into the kitchen while sitting at some of the tables.  It seemed pretty big too.  Overall it was a nice lunch and good service!
4	When I came to write this review, I was a bit taken aback by the nasty reviews already here.  Zanders is one of my favorite Madison bars, and the only reason I can think of that people would give it such a poor review is because it just either wasn't the bar for them or because they weren't the right patron for this bar.Very close to the Capitol in the spot where the horrid State Street Bar was, Zanders is a nice refresher to the college-kid bar scene.  It's the place you go when your too old and too tired of the University Ave / early State Street scene.  It's also the place that allows you to be in a good location so you can still take in the lively sights of Madison's downtown and festive nightlife.  I think I'm probably at the ideal age for this bar; 26, as any younger and I'd think the drinks are too stiffly priced and the crowd not lively enough, and any older and I'd feel awkward around the youngins.Furthermore, Zanders provides a classy take on the social bar.  It's actually not much of a sports bar, so I'm not sure why people seem to mistake it for that.  On the contrary, it's got a lounge feel, with a supposed $20,000 red leather couch on the second level which is a fantastic spot to go sink in with 5-10 friends of yours.  Downstairs, they have an elegant bar which is usually worked by responsive bar tenders along with TVs which do have games on but at a reasonable volume so you can catch the scores when you need to.Zanders also isn't a popular place, so don't come expecting a packed bar.  On average, there's probably 15-20 people in the entire establishment on a given night (even weekends).  Most would think this was a dive bar judging from that statement, but it's moreso because of Zanders distinct atmosphere.  And this is precisely what I love about the place, because without all the extra fanfare I can talk with friends and meet just the right amount of people.  In fact, many of the times I've been there, the next group to walk in is other friends of mine who I didn't expect.Really, there are only two drawbacks as I see it.  First, the prices are a bit much.  If they want to stay in business on state street or attract more customers, that's going to have to change.  Secondly, due to the relative lack of business, they seem almost destined to go out of business.So if your too old for the state street bars but too young for the mom and pop crowd, take a chance on Zanders.
2	Tonight I hit up Zander's for their fish fry.  2 pieces of fried haddock with fry's for 12.95.  It came with a tiny thimble of coleslaw (like 2 teaspoons) and no bread,  no side salad.  The fish was ok.  Not heavily breaded, but the   tartar sauce was basically pickle relish.  After this I thought I would checkout the review from madisonfishfry.com and it seems this past fall your 12.95 included soup and/or salad.http://www.madisonfishfry.com/reviews.php?restaurant=240  It was pretty full of folks looking for a meal to head to show.Zander's is .... um .... just ok......
2	Pretty sneaky, Zanders.Three friends and I went to Zanders tonight for dinner. We all ordered essentially the same thing (burgers & fries). The waitress asked what kind of fries we'd like, regular or sweet potato. My three companions went with the sweet potato fries, and I picked regular but asked for a veggie patty instead of meat. When it came time for the bill, I noticed my bill came to about $2 more than I was expecting - as it turned out, they charged me $1.50 to sub in a veggie patty. Being the cheapskate I am (hey, at least I admit it), I mentioned that it was lame for them to charge me $1.50 extra when their veggie burger was the same price as their beef and turkey burgers. My three friends looked at their bills, and realized they'd been charged $1.50 for "subbing" sweet potato fries. There hadn't been any notes on the menu that there'd be charges, so we brought it up to the waitress when she came to get the bill. Her response was "My bad, it was totally my job to tell you. Sorry!" -- but she didn't offer to take off the charge or, if she wasn't authorized to do so, talk to a manager. Poor customer service equaled poor tip - we knocked $6 ($1.50 x 4 people) off what we would have left her. I feel kind of bad for doing it, but at the same time the menu should advise of extra charges and/or the server shouldn't ask if you want something that costs extra without telling you.The unfortunate part is that the food was actually really good - I got the Tex-Mex burger with a black bean patty (good texture on the patty, tasty salsa/avocado, and a surprisingly spicy and delicious sauce). My friends ordered the turkey berry, salmon, and crab cake burgers, which they all enjoyed. Despite the tastiness, I probably won't go back - there are plenty of places I can get a good veggie burger without having to spend $12 on it. 2.5 stars, a solid 4 if going on food alone.
2	I went during winter restaurant week. I had a salmon dish, but otherwise, the food was totally not memorable. I don't think I would try this place again for food.Service: Meh. It took forever to find the hostess to get us seated (and I even had a reservation). I understand it was busy, but I expect at least some acknowledgment that the hostess has noticed I'm waiting.Environment: I couldn't get a feel for the place. It seems like a bar, but then it's also got significant restaurant seating. It's got TVs playing sports. Also, if you come in the back door, you have to walk through the restaurant to get to the hostess. It's weird.
3	Maybe a half step up from your average bar and grill. Really nice atmosphere, and friendly service. A nice, varied menu. Solid selection, but, nothing out of the ordinary.
2	Very nice looking huge place. Very sluggish food service though. Even though it was far from being packed it took 30 minutes for a salad and appetizer to arrive.
1	Wow. Never ever eating here again. Check out our terrible experience:We tried to get some dinner before going to the Overture for a show. We got there an hour and a half before the doors opened for the play. We finally met our waiter 15 minutes after being seated. We finally got our drinks 15 minutes after that. We got the wrong food with 20 minutes to spare. We got the semi-right food (see below)* with about 7 minutes left. And after all that our bill was incorrect. All our waiter said was "Hold on, I'm really busy."And the kicker is, the food was lousy.Avoid if possible.*So what is semi-right food? Well, it's when you order a soup and salad and they end up being out of soup, so they bring you two of the exact same salads instead and wonder why you don't want to pay for both.
2	the only time this place is semi-bearable is on a weeknight. the food is ok but totally overpriced, the service is terrible, and it's always packed with rude, drunk, annoying kids... which always make me wonder who's carding the little shitstains. zander's exemplifies the reasons why i loathe state street while school is in session.
3	We went here for lunch after the Farmer's Market/Art Fair on the Square on Saturday. We stood at the hostess stand for almost 10 minutes, with servers walking back and forth, before we grabbed someone and asked whether we should seat ourselves. Once we were seated (outside), we got drinks quickly. Our food, though, took almost an hour to arrive. We had ordered two salads. It wasn't excessively busy, as there were a few empty tables outside and lots of seating inside. I admit that I am a pretty impatient person, but this took a loooong time. After we finally got the food, it was excellent -- mixed greens with fresh strawberries, blackberries, raspberries, and pineapple, with thinly-cut steak on top. Plus garlic bread. Amazing. Food was great, service was slow.
1	Awful service.  Food was ok but the service was bad enough where I was compelled to advise the concierge at my hotel to spare guests from agonizing in this establishment.  There are many friendly places on State St. that welcome visitors and serve delish food.  Go to Husnu's instead.
2	This place used to be worth going to when they had a good happy hour, now it just seems like a dive bar trying to disguise itself as a nice restaurant due to location. The food is horribly mediocre. They make a few sad attempts at sprucing up mass produced food, but the cheapness of it all shows. The waitstaff has always been nice, though lacking knowledge of the place. The one thing that put me off the last visit was the bathrooms -- missing soap, toilet paper, dirty... they try to aim to a "classy" crowd, yet they miss all of the details. So many better places here. We'd go for the half-priced happy hour, but they scaled that back, so we don't bother with this place.
2	It seems like this place is trying to pass itself off as a nice restaurant, but don't be fooled, it's a sports bar. Their food was good by sports bar standards, but not great. I read a few reviews and it seems to be a recurring theme that the service was poor, and our visit was no exception. After waiting at the table for 10 minutes without anyone coming over, I went up to the bar and asked that a server be sent over, and it was another 5 or so minutes before she came. Oh, and I should also message that the restaurant was more or less empty when this happened. When a place is swamped, I let that slide a bit.To summarize, good food, awful service.
