5	I have visited the Advantage Urgent Care Clinics in Metro Phoenix multiple times and have been thoroughly impressed with the professionalism of the staff and the high quality of doctors that see patients. The owners of Advantage Urgent Care are dedicated to the highest level of medical care and have received multiple awards for their success including the 2009 Phoenix Chamber IMPACT Award and the Comerica Bank Companies to Watch Award. Their web check-in makes it a 'no wait' situation to see a doctor. Highly recommended.
3	The person at the front desk was very busy and it seemed could use a little more training.  I handed her my insurance card and she asked if it was mine or my dad's. I happen to be 32 years old. The correct way to ask that question  is," who is the insurance holder?"  I had a long wait to be seen, but this really isn't a problem. The office is very clean and nice and the nursing staff are very knowledgeable and friendly. They took very good care of me. I will use them again in the future.
4	So a few months ago I learned some valuable lessons: 1) don't buy cheap cotton swabs; 2) don't attempt to clean ears with said cheap cotton swabs before you've had your morning coffee; 3) don't put anything in your ear smaller than your elbow (yeah I know, should've learned that in Kindergarten); and 4) in the event that the three above rules are ignored, go to Advantage Urgent Care for help!With a piece of cotton lodged firmly in my ear canal, I called my primary doctor's office to see if I could see someone that day. No luck; the earliest appointment they had was the next afternoon. I was not in pain, but uncomfortable enough that I wanted this thing out NOW. However, I knew that the situation didn't really rate a trip to the ER. In fact, this is just the sort of thing that urgent care clinics were made for. My hubby had used Advantage Urgent Care in the past, so I decided to check them out.My previous experiences with urgent care clinics have not been great. Once I spent nearly 3 hours in the waiting room, surrounded by screaming sick kids, only to have the doctor spend less than 5 minutes with me and not listen to a thing I said! Another time I went to an urgent care to do a pre-employment drug screening, and as I was leaving I was chased down and told I'd have to do it again, because they botched the paperwork. (At least they apologized and gave me free sodas!) So I approached this situation more than a little skeptically. I logged on to Advantage's website to confirm they'd accept my insurance (they did; looks like they accept most all insurance plans in fact), and discovered that they have an online check-in system. Just input all your new patient info, tell them what the problem is, and they will call and tell you when to come in! Hooray! No wasting hours in the waiting room! I submitted my info and within 20 minutes I got a phone call, telling me I could come in right away.Upon arrival I was greeted by a friendly receptionist who confirmed my info and told me to take a seat. The waiting room was a bit chilly and very bare bones, but clean. Within ten minutes I was ushered back to an equally plain exam room. A few minutes later a PA and MA came in. I wish I could remember their names; they were both very nice and made me feel much less embarrassed about my situation (happens all the time, they told me, even to adults!) A quick look in my ear, followed by a quick maneuver with a set of long-handled tweezers, and I was on my way, able to hear out of my ear again!I would definitely recommend Advantage Urgent Care; they are very prompt, professional, and efficient and restored my faith in urgent care. I am sure I will be back at some point, hopefully for less embarrassing reasons!
5	Had to take my son here after a bad bout of vomiting and diarrhea, we just moved to the area so we didn't have a pediatrician yet so we came here. Got in and out very quickly, nice staff and clean place. Turned out he had an ear infection, got our prescription and we were on our way in under 45 minutes, start to finish. We will definitely use this place again if the opportunity presents itself!
5	I had to log in and give praise to Advantage Urgent Care again--in fact, I should have done this months ago! On the day after New Year's, my husband woke up extremely ill, with a 102 fever, nausea and low back pain. Our internist's office had no openings available, thanks to the already-raging flu season, so again we called on Advantage Urgent Care for help. We logged on to the website, input his info, and within 10 minutes got a call telling us to come in immediately. Adding to the stress was the fact that my husband's employer changed their medical insurance with the new year, and we had yet to receive his new insurance card. All we had was some partial info I printed off the insurance company website and I was worried they wouldn't accept it. Fortunately the girl at the front desk assured me it was not a problem. Given that we received an EOB from the insurance company 3 weeks later, I guess it wasn't! :)Back to my hubby's care...less than an hour after we arrived, we were on our way out with a kidney infection diagnosis and prescription for antibiotics in hand. The doctor he saw told him that if he was not considerably better within 48 hours, or got worse before that, he should go to the ER to be checked for kidney stones (yikes!) They also sent his specimen out to be cultured at a lab. Fortunately, 48 hours later he was doing considerably better. What impressed me most, however, is that the doctor from Advantage actually called us three days after he saw my husband, to give him the results of his lab culture (diagnosis confirmed) and to make sure that he was indeed feeling better and did not need further care. We have never, ever had that kind of follow-up from an Urgent Care clinic before, so props to Advantage Urgent Care for going that extra mile, it is appreciated!
1	Call and see how long the wait is before you go! They take your vitals as soon as you sit down, that way if you leave because the wait is too long they can still charge you. I have been waiting 1 1/2 hours and have seen five others leave in frustration. So much for speedy service. Will be last time I come here, I would steer clear!
1	3 hours, 15 minutes-- total time for an extremely simple physical. Stay away unless you have hours to waste!!!
