3	Quite busy here when myself and friends popped in on the way back from this years's Rock Ness festival but we managed to get a table at the window and so had the pleasant view across to Fife whilst we ordered and ate. No-one had any complaints about the food (Haggis, Neeps & Tatties, Cajun Salmon) and the service was friendly and as quick as could be expected given the time of day and amount of other customers. I'd have no reservations about going back. Made it back here last night for a quick pint and opted to share the cheese board which turned out to be let down by a lack of chutney to accompany it (depite the fact that they sell jars of the stuff in the attached shop). They were unable to serve filter coffee either. Schoolboy error on someone's part but service & the cheeses themselves were fine.
3	On the main running into the old town of South Queensferry, the Rail Bridge Bistro sits perfectly, overlooking the Firth of Forth and the coastal towns of the Kingdom of Fife. The Bistro is a great place to pop in and have your breakfast or lunch, or even just for a quick bite to eat with a coffee! For breakfast one can have a full Scottish cooked breakfast or even go continental with French toast! Prices are quite reasonable with a cooked breakfast costing less than seven pounds. The lunch menu is dominated by the bistro's locality, with seafood dishes offered throughout the menu. The Bistro was quite busy when I paid it a visit and seemed very popular with tourists! After you're fed and watered, one can pay the wee gift shop a visit, however, a warning to all, this shop is heavily stocked with your usual tacky tourist gifts! Try the Bistro and least and try and pass by the gift shop!
4	One of my fave restaurants in South Queensferry. Great views over the Firth. Laid back atmosphere and fantastic food.If it looks full downstairs, there is more seating upstairs, just go in and ask!Full review with photos please visit my blog which can be found on my profile.
3	The is a decent spot to go for a drink or a bite to eat in South Queensferry. The food is reasonably good and the service is pleasant and attentive. But the real magic is in the view out the front: straight across the Forth to Fife and - most dramatically - right between the rail bridge and the road bridge. If weather permits one can drift out to the very pleasant terrace and enjoy the view all the more. This is not necessarily a place to make a massive fuss about, in, or around. It's decent, it has a steady reputation, and it caters for a number of different tastes quite nicely.
4	Well it appears South Queensferry is a right wee source of buried treasure.Already a fan of the Hawes Inn, I might never have discovered the Raild Bridge had Jennie and her folks not recommended it to me. Its glass front looks out onto a tremendous view of the Forth and its Bridges. A good start... and it only gets better from there.As happenstance had it, we chose a rather inopportune weekend to hit Queensferry as there were all manner of fundraising activities on the go down at the waterfront. This subsequently meant that finding a parking spot would be a feat worthy of fundraising in itself.Not wanting to spend all our time searching be for nought, I ran in to see if there were any tables available. Not only did the gentleman inside confirm he had space for us, he would also hold onto the table until we found a space. Legend.From our table on the upper floor we were gifted a grand view of the restaurant via its impressively wide balcony area. The artwork and Rail Bridge memorabilia all over the place were a constant source of conversation and entertainment, my particular favourite being the illustration on the wall depicting John Fowler and Benjamin Baker demonstrating the cantilever system.The food was gorgeous. I started with the Stornoway Black Pudding and Chorizo Salad (see the photo, that's an order!) although the term 'salad' seemed to be a formality. What I was presented with was the best cut of chorizo I've ever had from a restaurant. The dish was a work of art, combining two of my favourite foods and tasted as good as it looked. For mains I chose the Railbridge Burger, 100% Scottish beef topped with MacSween's haggis and melted cheddar, served in a ciabatta bun and with chips and slaw. Oh wow. The bun was brilliantly soft and the burger, so tasty. Not often I eat a meal slowly because I don't want it to end... certainly not a burger.Staff were flawless in their courtesy. It seemed as if everyone who worked there was a personal acquaintance of the owner and didn't want to disappoint.All reasonably priced, all reasonably excellent!
