4	"Mom, have you reviewed Fatburger yet?"2 minutes later:"Have you reviewed Fatburger yet?"5 minutes later: "So, Mom, have you reviewed Fatburger yet?"Sigh.So, you guessed it, I am reviewing Fatburger. This marks the start of a series of review based on my teens' favorite hang-out spots. I'm not really into burgers. Guess I'm at a point in my life where 50 grams of fat and 30 grams cholesterol just aren't that appealing. But I can understand the appeal of FatBurger. Big, fresh, non-fast-food-ish burgers. Both the Fat Fries and Skinny Fries are done really well. All this and a fun 60's vibe."Hey, Jeff --- I just reviewed Fatburger.""Cool. Mom, have you reviewed Rubios yet?"
3	Hey Hey Hey!It's Fatburger!Naa, naa, naa, gonna have a Fatburger!Naa, naa, naa, gonna have a Fatburger!Hey kids!  When you have a taste for a burger don't mess around with that In n' Out, McDonalds, Wendy's or Burger King stuff!  Fatburger will definitely satisfy the need for a delicious gooky burger.  I personally recommend the Baby Fat with bacon, cheese & grilled onions.  With a side of Fat Fries of course.Fatburger really can't be lumped into the Fast Food burger class.  First of all, it's not fast.  Secondly, this is more of a good diner or hamburger grill burger you're getting.  Just a notch above the fast food places for just a bit more money.
4	Just had my first Fat Burger last night and I was impressed. I was starving so I got the size above the Fat Burger with bacon and cheese with the Fat fries. It was amazing. The patties were fresh and everything about it was prefect. I don't think that I have had a better burger. The atmosphere is great for being a fast burger joint. Another plus is that they have shallow ketchup cups. I'll never understand why the rest of the world doesn't catch on.
2	Can't say too much about the burgers... a bit over priced, I've def. had better burgers. The grease was, literally, dripping from the burger. The fries were tasteless, the buns were a bit stale. I'd rather go across the street to In-n-Out, drive 7 miles to Joe's Farm Grill or even better, drive to Four Peaks Brewery in Tempe.
3	It's no Lenny's, but it is a good burger.  From time to time I stop in here when I need a good quick burger and the line at In and Out across the street is too long.  I always forget about it being here, though, because Chipotle and Jamba Juice usually grab my attention first. Easy to get to location right off of the 202.
3	It's really a 3.5.   Solid burger joint with many size options up to 1 1/2lbs!  I recommend adding a fried egg and bacon to the burger.  The chili dog is pretty good, too.Kind of small inside, but clean and friendly service.
3	The burgers here are decent. Meat is tender and there are a decent selections of toppings. I got the fat fries and didn't really care for them, they didn't seem crispy enough. The prices here are pretty high for what it is, if it came down to spending 10 bucks on a burger and fries I'd go to five guys first, in-n-out second, smashburger 3rd and fatburger fourth. Overall, I do like that they have shakes, like any good burger shack should, but I don't factor that in because to me, when a place has the word burger in the title that's all that matters. I might stop by again if I feel the need for a 1000 calorie burger near my house, otherwise, I'll be driving past this overpriced burger stand more often than not.
3	Good food!  The turkey burger with a egg and cheese and all the fixins and no relish is a prefect meal.
4	Been here a few times for lunch now, and I like it....mostly because it's one of the few burger joints that has a veggie burger...and I like their curly fries!  The staff has always been nice too.  :)
2	Found hair in my burger.  While that is not completely horrible, I was put off by another thing I saw in the restaurant.  They had red buckets of Sanitizer sitting on the food preparation counter.  While I like to see a clean restaurant, I don't think keeping a bucket full of cleaners within a couple inches of the food preparation area is wise.  Also the staff was spraying window cleaner on fixtures they were removed for cleaning. This again is a nice thing to see, but not when the overspray was going straight into the food.Maybe a one time bad experience, but it just looked like some serious lack of supervision of the staff.
4	I read all the reviews are they are not good, so why do I like this place? It's old fashioned, the service was great - just nice and polite. It takes a bit longer to get your food (it's a good thing). Open kitchen. The burger was super messy in a yummy way. The meat was not a perfect flat circle it actually seemed like real beef. I drank a full sugar cherry coke and it was worth every calorie. I got the skinny fries, not because I thought they had less calories but I like skinny stick fries that are crispy and they were. I got a medium fatburger with cheese & grilled onions, medium skinny fries, drink, the kid got: small fatburger with cheese, fat fries and milk shake. It came to a little over $20. The only thing that would improve is beer. The only negative is a bit too salty but that might be why it was so good too.
4	This is a fast food burger joint.  Not as fast as McDonald's.  On the other hand, they are so much better it's not even a contest.  For what it is, this place is probably the best I've had.  This is NOT the Cordon Bleu, and I'm writing this opinion with that in mind!Their burgers are prepared fresh (no heat lamps!), and they taste fresh.  Even if you get a McD burger hot off the griddle it tastes like something that wouldn't spoil if you let it sit out for a year.  Fatburger's burgers are hot, tasty, and seem very fresh.  Made with real ground beef (it even crumbles a bit as ground beef is prone to doing...don't ever remember McD's doing that).The curly fries are really nice.  A light crunch, very tasty.  Also fresh and hot.  And the shakes are pretty good too.  Not the best shakes, but pretty good.The ambiance is supposed to be sort of 50's diner.  Complete with a juke box (that looks like it's from the 70s...ooops).  As they were established in 1952, according to their signs, I guess they are trying to stay in touch with that...at least a little.If I have a craving for a burger and fries, this would be my first or second choice of places to go.  A tad pricey, perhaps, but you can order various size burgers from 5 oz up to 24oz.  Did I mention they're really tasty?
2	Food was not that good.  Did not get our orders correct.  Lacks seasoning and flavor! There are definitely better places to go!
2	I'll start with the only plus - the fries are great. Tried both the curly fries and the fat fries. The curly fries were very crisp on the outside - warm on the inside. The fat fries are a basic steak-fry - but cooked to perfection. No complaints on the friesService - The kids running the place were pleasant and nice; but they were just going through the motions. This store has the cooks calling out the orders - a la Startbucks - but there was no real enthusiasm in their voices. It really seemed that they were mouthing the words because they were getting paid minimum wage to do so.Burgers - The burgers are cooked fresh; but, they are, for the most part, tasteless. I'd cut them some slack if they were dishing out burgers for $2; but at $7 to $10, I expect a lot more. All burgers are cook to well done and the toppings were bland. I tried the mushroom / swiss burger. The mushrooms tasted steamed and no sauted as I'd expect. They were over cooked and mushy - not firm and juicy. The buns were slightly stale and broke apart while eating the burger. This just isn't a $7 burgerLot's of room for improvement her
3	I went there on March 7th in the late afternoon.  My friend ordered before me and got a burger meal.  AND THE POWER WENT OUT RIGHT AS I WAS ORDERING!!  My friend ordered about 5 minutes before me so I got to eat some of her steak fries....the were awesome!!  Other than that not much else to say.  Gotta try them again some time.  The Nutter Butter Shake looked full of calories but delicious.  Better luck next time!
1	Went to Fatburger with our family tonight and will not return. Average food. The burgers were average. The lettuce was wilted, the tomato was green, and nothing outstanding about the flavor. I'd say better options nearby are Joe's farm grill, In-n-out, or Culvers. Cleanliness was average. The floor was a little sticky and the beverage area was kept very neat. The kitchen appeared clean. Service was below average/horrible. The cashier was very unpleasant. We all ordered at the same time and the first half of the food came out about 15 minutes prior to the 2nd part. It was pretty slow. By the time we got the fries they were cold. The staff literally acted like they were a bunch of highschoolers who were annoyed that there were any customers who interrupted their hangout. I know this sounds harsh...it is. My experience was absolutely horrible. We will not be back and I don't recommend that you should either.
2	Hold the salt.  Burger made in edible because of way too much seasoned salt on the mushroom Swiss. Fries are no better than average. Store is dirty. No reason to return
5	I was really impressed with this Fatburger when I visited today; the staff was super friendly and the place was spotless. I am a picky eater so I ordered my food special and received it just as I ordered it. On that note, the preparation was quick and I was in and out in about 10 minutes. Great service and awesome food.
4	nice staff, place is clean, and burgers are good. hits the spot when you need a good fresh burger
3	Tried fatburger for the first time tonight. I couldn't believe how expensive and how slow it was. $20 for my husband and I and we probably waited a good ten minutes just in line to order with one person in front of us. Burger was good and much bigger than typical fast food (1/3lb). Fries were ok but I wasn't crazy about them. Overall I was impressed and wouldn't go again as there are many better burger options around.
4	Fatburger was good. Onion rings were okay. Lemonade was refreshing.
1	Oh my gosh I can't believe how expansive this average burgers were.  I totally had better burgers and fries from greasy diners and at IN-N-OUT.  We also had chicken sandwich and it was nothing special.  I can't believe our bill was over 45 dollars for 3 boca burgers, 1 chicken sandwich, 2 small fries, and 2 medium sodas.  We will never go there again.
3	I really liked the burger, get's 4 stars. Quality meat, veggies, good cheese, cooked right.  The fries were good too.  But $11.30 for the combo, that seems a bit expensive to me.  Thus, 3 stars.
4	I have always been a Fatburger fan. If you have never had a burger from here you have got to try it. The fat fries are awesome and the onion rings are always freshly made. I have never had anything I didn't like
