4	I was a bit skeptical about trying out Las Vegas's L& L, especially coming from the Bay Area.  My last few attempts at Hawaiian food in Sin City haven't been the most favorable, so I was in doubt.  I shouldn't have been when it's coming from L & L, after all, they have an award winning "Best Plate Lunch", "Hawaii's #1 Barbecue", "Best Chicken Katsu", and "Best Local Food", and there's a reason they continue opening up more of these chain restaurants.The BF was craving Hawaiian and it was getting closer to 10 pm on a Sunday night.  His only hope was for L & L, as we weren't interested in heading to Aloha Specialties.  We were told that our order was for to go only since it was so late, but we were fine with that.Searching for my pork lau lau (because that's what I always get), I quickly learned I could only get this order a la carte or with the Kahlua & Lau Lau Combo ($8.50 for regular which includes two scoops of rice and one scoop of macaroni salad).  So, a la carte, it costs $3.95.  I added a scoop of rice (60 cents) and a scoop of mac salad (89 cents).    The BF created a combo of his own with Chicken Katsu and the Hawaiian BBQ Short Ribs.  With any regular order, you get a free soda fountain drink too.My pork lau lau and scoop of rice was shoved into a little box.  It looked disappointing at first.  As I unraveled the ti leaves and revealed my succulent pork and taro leaves, it actually was a heartier portion than I had in mind.  I took a bite and was pleasantly surprised.  It was rather moist and not dry at all, as with many Hawaiian restaurants.  There were nice chunks of pork and its fatty goodness in this dish.  My only complaint was that it wasn't hot enough.  Even the BF was impressed too.I was pleasantly surprised with the Chicken Katsu as well.  The batter was light and crispy and had a lot of taste.  I found myself reaching over to the BF's plate a lot as I enjoyed his dinner.  The Short Ribs were damn good too.  Even the mac salad struck a nice chord with me!  It wasn't overly mayonnaisy or too tangy, it was just right!  And the rice wasn't overly sticky or mashy as I've encountered before.  All in all, everything fit so well together in terms of what we ate.Counter service was okay.  The girl was on her cell phone when we walked in, so that's always tacky.  Overall, I was very impressed with L & L on South Maryland Parkway!  If I'm craving pork lau lau, chicken katsu, or beef short ribs, you'll find me at this Hawaiian joint!Update! 03/06/08 - I have since realized that this review was meant for the L & L Hawaiian Barbecue located at Mission Center, 4030 S. Maryland Parkway.  However, Yelp HQ can't move this review w/o having me delete it and repost it.  Oh well.  This review was originally a four though, but now it's a two based on my most recent experience.
3	OK, but certainly not great. It is what it's supposed to be, a Hawaiian lunch joint.I couldn't complain about my lau lau, then again, lau lau doesn't get much better or much worse. The macaroni salad was really good. One guy I went with enjoyed his BBQ beef. The other ordered a hamburger, and it looked like a pre-formed frozen patty, but I'm not sure. I love loco moco, but I don't think I would order it there.When we went, it was probably about 50 degrees outside, and it couldn't have been more than 60 inside. Not sure if they were having problems with their heat, or if it's always like that, but it wasn't comfortable.
2	Our first experience with L & L - and probably our last. We ordered teriyaki beef, ribs, chicken - and of course, this all came with macaroni salad and rice (plate lunch - an island staple). It was oh so good when we ate our meal, but later when we got home, our lips were itchy and chapped. We both guzzled down a gallon of water and spent the rest of the evening feeling bloated. My family is from Hawaii and I love Hawaiian food - but not if it makes me feel all PMS-y.Because of my experience here, I'm hesitant to eat at any other L & L location.
3	I've been to the L&L in Gardena, CA too with my dad years ago, but we stopped at this one for the seafood combo, which is barbecue short ribs [like kalbi], fried shrimp and mahi-mahi. It comes with rice and macaroni salad. Also, they have canned Hawaiian juice that you usually cant find in supermarkets, so I always stock up and 6 cans every time I stop by.
3	I used to go hear alot when i lived in vegas. Good, reasonably priced food. Quick service. I love the barbeque short ribs here. Not too bad..
4	Sure, it may not be "the best" when it comes to Hawaiian BBQ, but here's why I love L & L when I'm in Vegas:This place is a perfect escape from the overpriced, overdone, overhyped joints that plague the Vegas strip. It's worth the very short drive off-strip to tuck into a big styrofoam container of rice, meat and mac salad. There are no frills and no pretense. At the same time, it's not as common as the McDonald's or other fast food that might serve as a break from the high-end fare in most hotels.Most touristy places in Vegas that should serve food for budget prices usually don't. A hot dog anywhere near the strip can easily be dressed up to a $15 meal if you're not careful. There's no fear of that happening at L & L, though. The prices are always reasonable for huge portions.Kahlua pork and the mixed grill were winners on my last visit. Looking forward to next time.
4	I just moved from LA, which provided very good service and food quality there. I was looking for L & L long time already, finally I got there! Compare to LA, it's 'good' but not 'perfect' in some reason. But still try it out, you will like it!
3	Coming from LA, these L&L chains are usually crowded. there was no wait here so that made me skeptical but it wasn't actually bad but it wasn't as good as the LA or Oahu locations. The service was nice, food was fresh and quick and I  enjoyed it all with my strawberry guava Hawaiian juice. I got the chicken teriyaki plate with spam on the side.
4	Yummy!  Everything on the menu is good. They have reasonable prices for the amount of food you get, which is A LOT!  The Loco Moco if you've never had it is hamburger patties over rice which is then covered in brown gravy and topped with an egg!Heart attack on a plate but so worth it!
5	Love their beach theme design, the best. Food is pretty good.  Open pretty early on a Saturday and my order was hot and ready quick. Big menu. Big seating area and peaceful environment.
5	I drove by this place the other day during lunch and was in the mood for Hawaiian food, so I stopped in for a quick bite.  I wasn't all that hungry, so just ordered their BBQ chicken rice bowl.  The bowl didn't look too big, so it was kind of deceiving that there was quite a big portion of BBQ chicken and rice inside.  The chicken was flavored just right and was very tender.  For $3.99 + tax, you can't go wrong for lunch.  Stop by and try some of their wonderful cuisine.
3	The food here was actually pretty decent, though the beef dishes I had were a bit too fatty. I was surprised when the employee had a great suggestion right away for me when I wasn't sure what I wanted. The teriyaki sauce is better than their grill sauce, though. Also goes very good on the white rice they serve.
4	I came to this L&L back in late June of this year as my last stop before driving back home to Escondido. It was my fourth day in Vegas, I was exhausted, emaciated, undernourished, sleep deprived, four pounds lighter, possibly still inebriated after attending a 3 day long electronic dance music festival there at the LV Motor Speedway, I was craving for something cheap and nutritious to get me through what was going to seem like an excruciating four hour drive, I got on Yelp and searched for Hawaiian BBQ and this where it lead me to.I went in there thinking, "This is Vegas, it can't be as good as the L&L back home", I ordered (it was one of the healthy food items on the menu), got my Pepsi, sat down for about 10 minutes while staring at the counter girl (either she thought I was cute, or perhaps just awed by how fucked up I look, idk) anyway, I get my food, ask for some extra teriyaki, go back to sit down and immediately start devouring my food. Wow, the food tasted effing bomb!! Idk whether it was the fact I had not eaten very well in the last few days and I was starving, but the food here tasted just as good as it did back home, or even better. I was tempted to order more, but restrained myself, knowing I had a four to six hour drive ahead of me and didn't wanna have to stop along the way to do my biz. This is one of the nicer L&L's I been to, I really like the ambiance of it. I also liked the fact that it was bigger than the one back home and the fact that my friends and I were the only people there dining at the time. I didn't have to feel paranoid about other people watching me eat like a maniac (except for the cashier girl and my friends), I'll be back to this location when in the area no doubt.
2	note that the 2star rating is just compared to all resturaunts not just hawaiin ones. food was good. i dont know my way around hawaiin cuisine so who knows? i just know it tasted good but left me with a fast food feeling afterwards.  atmosphere was like.. nah just do take out. the atmosphere is like an uncomfy mcdonalds made of fake bamboo with pictures of kids in bikinis. srsly kinda creepy.
1	Greasiest, crappiest Hawaiian food around. If you like to eat poo then you should visit L&L.
4	One thing I noticed about L& L is that they are not all made equal! This location is "okay " as opposed to the one on Maryland and flamingo. The portions are huge which is great. I can usually get two meals out of my chicken katsu. The bf ordered BBQ short ribs. My food was fine, but his beef was SUPER salty. It was as if he was eating a beef flavored bouillon.  Usually salty is good, but this was a little over board. Hopefully it was a one time mistake as I love Hawaiian!!! The dining area was nice and clean. They had lots of bamboo and lots of island pics. One of the few fast food joints I don't mind dining in. However, be aware when entering and exiting as the strip mall it is located in is not the safest and there are plenty of vultures preying on patrons to beg for money!
5	Awesome. love it
3	I became a fan of this spot while doing a show around the block. This was the healthiest, quickest thing in the area. Consider the area for a moment, now tell me where you would eat :)There are many combinations you can get. Can't go wrong with BBQ Chicken and Brown rice.The staff is decent. Mostly young and inexperienced kids who at least try to be helpful.The place is typically filthy, but this is due to the neighborhood and those who visit. I imagine it'd take a whole second staff just to keep the bathroom decent.So, if you are at the intersection of Maryland & Sahara and you are hungry for something that isn't crack, L&L may be your best bet.Also, don't eat with chopsticks. You will look like a tool...
1	What is the hype about this place? I have had better food in Tijuana from street vendors. The short ribs were overdone, the mahi mahi was watery and undercooked and my shrimp were crunchy all the way thru as they obviously were fried way to long.This was my first visit to an L&L Hawaian BBQ and if the reviews are correct about this being better than other locations then I will steer clear of them, not sure this place is worth a second chance.
5	Awesome double cheeseburger and fries for $5.
1	Food is disgusting.  meat is cold and dark color same with the calamari, dry and dry like a rubber.
4	I agree with Soheila, all L&Ls are not created equal. They may have the same name, and may have to follow the same recipes but it doesn't mean that they all use the same cooks nor do they cook things the exact same way, they SHOULD but they don't. Fortunately for me, I enjoyed my experience at this location.We ordered the healthy plate, garlic shrimp salad and the short ribs plate with shrimp and an extra side of Mac salad. The plate was OK. Not sure if we'd order it again, or at least without the shrimp we chose. The shrimp was breaded and it seemed like there was more breading than shrimp. But the salad and the shrimp was SO good! I always knew this place was here but never had the chance to eat here, glad we did, I enjoyed my lunch that day ;)
1	I have come to the conclusion that L&L Hawaiian Barbecue is the McDonald's of Hawaiian food.There's really nothing special about the food at all. It's not necessarily cheap and the flavor is lacking in nearly all of the different items I have tried. Often times, as is the case with the barbecue chicken and even in the spam musubi, the meat is crispy and doesn't taste very good.Needless to say, despite the convenience of it being near my house, I will probably not be eating here again and can't recommend it to anyone. Aside from the establishment's food, this parking lot has to have more homeless people in it than any other lot in the city. Just a fun fact!
1	I'll keep this short.The loco moco was absolutely disgusting (and I LOVE loco moco).  The hamburger had obviously been frozen in its lifetime, the gravy was flavorless, and even my sunny side up egg didn't taste good (how do you mess that up?).I also ordered a spam musubi (again, I LOVE spam musubi), and that again was really lacking in flavor.The only thing I actually ended up eating was the side macaroni salad.  I tossed everything else after a couple bites. :( That goes to say how sad my meal was.
4	I absolutely love this place, a boyfriend introduced it to me many years ago and I've been a fan since. I always order the same thing and the food has been consistent throughout the years. It's nice because I was born in Hawaii and there are not that many affordable places I can go to eat that not only reminds me of my childhood there but is tasty and affordable as well.
4	Mixed plate was good to go.  I stopped in for a light lunch while visiting the area and what I ordered was perfect.  I got the mini size mixed plate and it was just the right size for one person not wanting to be so full after lunch they want to take a nap!  White rice, chicken, beef and pork...and a side of macaroni.  All good.  Simple little place (which I like) and the guy who took my order was super nice.  Service was prompt and friendly.  I'd definitely go again.
1	This place is the worse L&L's. The food was tasted bland and i found a piece hair in my bbq chicken. The place was dirty and had a smell of garbage. I like visiting  and trying L&L's at diffrent states because of the variety. I don't understand how this one could not be at the standards of all the other ones.
1	Service is slow... by the time I finished placing my order over the phone, I already arrived at the location which is dirty to say the least. I'd rather eat in a "nasty-a$$" strip club, than eat at this dirty location. The food wasn't even what I was accustomed to enjoying at a typical L & L. Avoid this location
4	I've been getting the Teriyaki Chicken Musubis and OMG.. it's DELISH!!! Yummy!!!!!
5	I love this place and will recommend the spicy chicken to anyone. It is one of the few healthy food places in the area and that will keep me coming back.
5	Coming from Florida, we rarely have a good Hawaiian restaurant so every time I'm on the west coast, I always try to find one. L&L was my first Hawaiian restaurant I've been to, and this location does not disappoint. The staff that took my order was very nice and my order came out quick, hot and delicious. No complaints about this place at all.
2	I ordered the BBQ Chicken Bowl and i barely finished half of it.  The rice was overcooked and soft, the chicken was not good quality and they put to much sauce on it and it tasted like teriyaki not BBQ Sauce.  My Roommate bot the BBQ Chicken and he said the same, we will both not be returning.  ALOHA KITCHEN on Maryland is MUCH BETTER! $4.99, You get what you pay for here.
4	I like this place very much, it's clean, fast, with good service and very good food. I'm no expert in hawaiian food, so I can't really tell if it's traditional or not, but it's a place where I like do drop every now n then at my lunch hour because you get a good, big size meal, with the speed of a fast food joint but without the feeling it's junk food. They've got a choice of dishes that include lots of combinations of meats, chicken, seafood, beef, etc. there are small portion options as well as  large servings for people (like me) who could eat a fried elephant at lunch. My usual is the chicken bbq, i love it. And personally, I absolutely love their macaroni salad, it's sooooo good! Plus, the place has free wi fi for customers so, thats a nice extra.
4	This review is based on what I ordered. I ordered the chicken katsu curry. Curry on the side. There wasn't much people there. The chicken katsu and everything is the same except for the curry sauce. I did notice that it was watery. Normally it's a thick sauce. I've been to summerlin and southwest. Those are the only two so far that I know of that has thick curry sauce. But overall, everything was good!
3	It's an L&L, need I say anymore? This one is the same as any other locations, with the addition of some shady characters that hang around outside sometimes. The food is cooked to order because it takes a while to get your food. You get big portions for the price here, but I just wish the garlic chicken had more garlic flavor. Most bites just tasted like normal BBQ chicken to me since there was no flavor at all. The chicken was tender and well cooked though. I would come back if I was in the area which is one I tend to try to avoid for obvious reasons
5	This place is perfect and has nice prices for what your get. I got the tempura and it was perfectly cooked and had a nice doughy texture. I also tryed the grilled chicken salad ( under the helthier options menu) it was perfect and has nice dressing.
2	I have been going to L&L locations in vegas for years now, and while most of them serve the same thing there are subtle nuances to each place (sauces, service, food quality). This place is my favorite, because they make the best kalua pork and homemade teriyaki sauce! Unfortunately, that is the only thing I order anymore because I find the other menu items to be "hit and miss" (good once, bad other times). The service there is also very poor as well you will often find the cashier annoyed or busy talking. I just go to get my kalua pork and run! Pros:1. Kalua pork is amazing!2. Homemade teriyaki sauce is amazing!3. Macaroni salad is amazing!Cons:1. The service sucks.2. The neighborhood/location sucks.3. Every once in a while they make a sucky dish.
2	The worst L&L in Vegas. The bathroom was so dirty I couldn't believe I was in a restaurant because my mechanic had a cleaner shop. If I wasn't late and starving I would have went somewhere else. The BBQ Chicken was no where near the best L&L I have had. Sad because a location like that should be a cash cow for the owners, I'm sure it was dead because of the cleanliness.
4	Delicious Hawaiian food! I cannot begin to express how overjoyed I was to see L & L in Las Vegas when I first moved here 7 years ago. It nearly had me in tears! I knew in that moment that I'd be just fine on this hot and skin-ashing dry "ninth island." All the "local" favorites from back home are on the menu. To include; manapua, musubi kalbi, laulau, Kalua pig, haupia and even Hawaiian Sun drinks. Not just Orange Passion either! They've got the works! The food is plentiful and mouth watering. It is just as you'd expect it to be if you were back on the islands. It is reasonably priced and made quick to order. I ordered the typical Hawaiian breakfast; eggs, rice and spam. One for my kidlet and one for me with an extra egg thrown in. I also ordered two regular sized drinks. As you'll see from the pics...we ate every last morsel! My total bill was just under $20.00 and worth every penny. The restaurant itself on Maryland and Sahara is easy to find, clean and the decor is, well...expected lol. The woman behind the counter was kind, but I've never ate in at an L&L in Las Vegas in which they didn't bring your food to your table. She called out for me to pickup my order when it was ready and that was just...unexpected. Normally, I frequent the L&L on Maryland and Flamingo, but they were closed for renovations.
5	I only order the Chicken Katsu from here and it is very good. The sauce is yummy + mac salad that comes with is delicious :) Customer service is great.
