5	Ray Dodge and his team at A Professional are appliance repair at its best. Kind, friendly, timely, and going beyond the required job (calling and texting to inquire if everything is okay the next day), this company should be your choice for appliance repair. We have a dryer from the 70s and he fixed it no problem. He even repaired our handle to our door without being asked, which had nothing to do with the dryer. An all-around nice guy and total professional!
5	Kenny was very thorough and helpful in fixing our dryer.  We will definitely call on A Professional Appliance Repair again should we need any further assistance with our washer or dryer.
5	Ray and his team are awesome. Called to repair my disposal and they came right out. They Called to confirm, called when they were on their way. I had to cancel my appointment to pick up my son, but Ray made sure I was completed before I needed to leave so I didn't have to cancel. Just great service from beginning to end!
5	Ray is a great guy. Our stove was really too old so he couldn't fix it. But he didn't charge us, not even for a service call. He says if he can't fix it, he won't charge. He wouldn't even take a tip. Nice guy, hard worker. Wish he could have fixed it.
4	I called GE first to get my refrigerator fixed and they told me it  would be two days before someone could come out.  I called Ray and he was able to come out the same day.  He had the parts I needed in stock and was able to do the repair quickly, professionally and at a reasonable fair price.  He told me the time he would arrive, gave me updates throughout the day and even called the next day after the repair to be certain all was OK.  This would be 5 stars except that because Ray does such good work his company is in demand and he wasn't able to get to us until several hours later at which point some of our food had defrosted.  A perfect 5 star would have been if he could have come within two hours but there were people in front of us and they deserved to be served first.  I would highly recommend Ray.
