4	You know most video game places are filled with douches but a couple of guys that work here are real nice and helpful.  The best thing is you can buy a used game and return it within 7 days.  You really don't get much for trade in games but used games are pretty cheap if they have been out for about 6 months so it works out pretty good.  I don't buy games anywhere else.
5	This is my neighborhood GameStop. You know what GameStop is, so you don't really need a run down on the details. If you live under a rock, this is a place where you can buy video games and game systems, trade in your old stuff and even buy used stuff. This one rocks because I know the manager here, and I know he's a good guy. Raff takes care of me and my cousin here. When I'm not scooping up an awesome video game deal on Amazon, I'm buying it from here. Tell him Mario sent you, you might not get a crazy good hook up, but it'll get me more brownie points. Win, win?? I think so.
5	I have to agree with Mario.  This is a great Gamestop.This is been my default Gamestop as long as I've been in Vegas.  While there's nothing that's particularly stand-outishly unique about this store from any other Gamestop, what makes it stand out is is the great staff.A lot of Gamestops are pushy.  As soon as the "Hello" is cleared, the pushes for trade-in or reserves are initiated.  That's not the case here.  They are helpful, but not pushy.  They try to help you find what you're looking for without rushing past all the formalities to start hawking the latest games.  They actually will carry on a conversation and actually make decent recommendations based off your gaming interests as they get to know you.  These guys are gamers, and are not feeding you lines to get you to buy something.  I appreciate the honesty.They also hold a lot of midnight release events for big games, and I've never had a single reserve issue with them.  Even if I may not be able to make it in right away, one call to explain I might not make it in that day is all it takes.  And when I do come in, there's my game.  They look out for their customers.Any retail chain store, regardless of what they sell, are a dime a dozen.  What makes one particular store stand out from another are the people who run it.  And in this case, the people here are what keeps me coming back game after game, year after year.They haven't depleted my wallet yet, but they sure as heck like to try.  Heh.
5	The way i look at it, your local video game shop should be like your local barber shop. Go there enough and get to know the people who work there and they can make some suggestions based on what they know of you. So i've been going to this location for a little over 3 years. More often than not it's considerably further than the places i've been living but i still do all my reservations here and occasionally drop by just to browse the used section. Get to know some of the staff such as Larry or Raffy the manager and once they get to know you they can make some REALLY good recommendations based on what you tell them. So far i've never had a problem with this store or it's staff it's the other customers that make life a living hell. I remember once a woman brought back a game and cut in line and was screaming about a rated M game that was sold TO HER for her son and how she found it too violent and demanded her money back well after the 7 day return period. wow...just....wowYelp 100 - 023 of 100
5	I've been coming here for a few years. I don't have to buy it brand new to have fun. I'm on a budget.  I explain that to them and what kind of games I like and they give me a lot of used games to choose from.       I've never bought anything on their recommendation that I regretted. Even if I did, they have that money back or equal trade thing (for 7 days I think). I've never had to use it. I like this store because of the employees.  If it weren't for their friendliness and knowledge it'd just be another game stop.     Hint - if you're not sure what you're lookin for, tell 'em what you like and your price range and they'll show you some good selections.
3	Big selection!
5	This GameStop is awesome.  The guys were incredibly helpful and the selection of games was pretty great.  I don't play much, but when I do, I like to play something fun.
4	me and my girlfriend love to play games in our off time. this is a  easy spot for us to go and get a good discount on games... trade in for cash is basically nothing but we exchange games we no longer play for older games that we've always wanted to which is reasonably priced.  The sales associates are always in a good mood and are willing to answer any questions about consoles, games, or future releases. definitely will continue to patron.
5	I really liked this Game Stop.At first, I wasn't expecting much due to its size.  However, they have a decent sized selection for all consoles.  I initially came here looking for a charger for what is seemingly an obsolete device.  Instead of upselling a newer device to me, they suggested a different store down the road that caters to older model consoles.  They also let us browse without constant badgering, and were helpful when we did need suggestions.I ended up purchasing two games from them and will be visiting again soon...Then again, I did buy Skyrim with the 3 expansions, so I probably won't need another game for the next couple of years.
3	Stopped in for a specific game today. Staff determined that they didn't have it but were able to locate a similar title at a nearby location at Rainbow and Spring Mountain, and had them hold it until I could pick it up.Location is dated and messy but packed with stock, and there was a fairly steady stream of customers for a Sunday afternoon.
4	I have visited there several times since 2011, and, each time have had a very pleasant experience. Good help and good management in this store. A shame PS2 games are gone or, I would still visit this fine shop. It has well-arranged games and accessories, and, the salespeople are anxious to help.
4	Tough to find at first, tucked away in a large strip mall, but they very well may have what you're looking for. OK, it's a GameStop, how different can it be? I dunno, but the staff there knew what they were talking about; and even though the 'split' line for customers looked like a recipe for chaos, things were fine. Civility rules and that's important, especially in gaming.The staff was helpful and patient with me, which I appreciated. I sometimes don't know what in the world some of the gamespeak means, and I get a little lost sometimes in the possibilities within the different consoles. So, that's good for a star right there. Other GS drop off the radar, but this location, tricky though it may be to locate, is steady.
1	Don't go here. Especially if you're looking to buy a pre-owned game. I bought a pre-owned game and two weeks later it stopped working. They refused to let me trade it in for a working version. The game still has the barcode which houses all of the data related to it's purchase. I bought it for $30, and they said all they would give me was $5. Scam artists.
