4	Decent lunch menu; great design; had the Pizza...good alternative to Market Square food court;)...
3	Eating downtown is generally expensive, but Osteria does it right--their happy hour special is what brought me here the other week. $12 gets you an appetizer sampler of your choice of three out of five options (I had a mozzarella sandwich, flatbread and roasted red pepper dip,  and unbelievable meatball sandwich sliders). The roasted red pepper dip was possibly some of the best I've had in the city, and you really can't beat the price. Everything is share-able, we were able take it all down with a beer or a glass of wine, and it didn't put too big of a hole in our pockets after tip.The service is quick and easy and the waiter couldn't have been nicer even though we were obviously not ordering much. It's a great location, too!I can't wait to come back to try an entree. Or another sandwich. Or more appetizers.
4	I've been here for lunch a couple times since this restaurant opened not too long ago.  It's a nice place to go for lunch downtown even though it is part of Point Park college. From what I've seen, the typical crowd consists of business people on  their lunch break.  The food is delicious and reasonably inexpensive.  My favorite item I've ordered is the prosciutto sandwich.  Upon a co-worker's recommendation, I actually substituted the regular bread on which the sandwich comes on with focaccia bread and wasn't disappointed.  This place has some of the best focaccia bread I've had anywhere.  Another item which I tried here on another occasion was the meatball sandwich.  It wasn't quite as good as the prosciutto but still delicious nevertheless.  Another good thing about this place is that the service is pretty fast.  Overall, I would recommend this place as a nice lunch option downtown.
1	So if you read my tip about this place you will think I was complaining, but really, there were more employees than customers that night so the level of service was pretty bad given that ratio.  I kept going back and forth in my mind if maybe I was being a little too hard on the fact that they added CORN and butter to a dish of crab meat pasta (and quite honestly, forgot to add crab -- there were only like 4-6 small chunks of crab in the whole dish.....), but then my Dad told me the next day that he was sick, throwing up all night from the chicken sandwich he ate!!!  WTF is up with that?Add in the fact that the bar didn't even serve Corona and I wonder about these kids' future after graduation.....
5	I went here for dinner during Light Up Night, the Osteria team was definitely on top of their game, because the service and dinner my family and I had here was absolutely perfect. Since my entire family and I were at dinner we could basically sample half of the menu between ordering appetizers and main courses. Nothing disappointed - the meatball subs are enormous; the lamb sliders perfectly cooked and topped with a thin, salivating layer of caramelized onions; the mushroom bruschetta just lightly spiced enough to keep it from being bland; and their gnocchi was divine, and was probably the best gnocchi I've had since my return from a visit to Italy five years ago.All the servers in this place pitched in to help keep tables clear of trays and water glasses full, especially once more people began arriving and needed to order. Our food got to us very quickly, and as we waited we had absolutely delicious glasses of martinis and wine to drink. Really, there was nothing I could complain about during this meal.I highly recommend this place; the happy hour looked reasonable, and more importantly, even during a night like Light Up Night, the restaurant was not particularly crowded, so it's the perfect place for a couple or a bunch of friends to come, chat, and enjoy some good drinks and food. (Note: maybe this was just during my night out, but you may admittedly need to ask for the music to be turned down. I had no problem with it, but I suppose some people might.)
4	I think about their meatballs from time to time fondly. So coming here for the first (ish) time, I wanted me a meatball! I had been here for a special event before and had a sampling of some of their items and the meatball stood out to me. You can have good meatballs and bad meatballs. Some are too meaty, some are too squishy, some have no taste at all! This review is starting to sound dirty... but I'm being serious about my meatballs! Their meatballs are the equal amounts bread and meat. Seasoned perfectly and topped with their sauce, it's a winning team. So of course I had to order a meatball sub when I stopped in for lunch. Throw in a toasted Italian sub and some fresh mozzarella and you've won me over! For $8 at a sit down place, that's not bad. It had four large meatballs and I could only eat half, so they didn't scrimp on the balls! The only thing I might have wanted was some sort of green side. Maybe for lunch they could do a sandwich and salad/soup combo? I think it would be nice for the business lunch crowd if they wanted something more than just the sandwich. I kinda assume all their sandwiches are not served with any sides as well, so just keep that in mind if you want more to your meal.  Their happy hour specials seem legit and so does their main dishes, so I'd really like to come back for dinner or HH soon. And I know those meatballs will still be on my mind as well...
5	I ate lunch at 12:00pm and  I am still full! Yinz guys ought to be proud of me I had my first risotto, lobster seafood risotto to be exact.  Now the first time I had ever even heard of a risotto was while Chef Gordon Ramsey was yelling at one of the knuckle head Hell's Kitchen contestants that they had "F'ed up the risotto"!Osteria 100 served a great lunch sized portion. I was happy to be served a one single person size of food for once and not a giant bowl that could feed a family of four.  That left a great impression on me.  Of course I ate all the lobster meat out of the dish, and there was a lot.  I thought that risotto could have been creamier. It was very cheesy, but the cheese made it a little gummy. It stuck to the roof of my mouth.  It was however full of flavor. The chef must have made it with some sort of seafood broth that was delicious every mouthful tasted of lobster. The waiter cute , chubby faced fellow checked on my often and offered to refresh my wine glass the minute it was empty. Being the lady that I am I declined don't want to have too much wine that early in the day...people will talk.  One thing I didn't much care for was the proximity of the two seater tables.  They have similar style two seater table arrangement that can be found at Meat and Potatoes.  There couldn't have been more then 12 inches of space between each table.  That's a little too close for comfort, because whenever the waiter came  to chat with the diners sitting next to be his bum was at face level hahaha and he had a little junk in his trunk hahaha. That made me a tad uncomfortable.Back to the food .  I also enjoyed a starter the small antipasta plate.  When it was delivered to my table I thought for sure the waiter had misheard me and brought me a large plate there was so much there. But no it was the half sized portion as confirmed by my bill. Osteria 100 serves sweet sopressata sausage, and prosciutto, cheese and pickled veggies  the WORKS! and this girl loves her forced meat. The antipasta plate was great just what I needed and eating it put me a good mood for the rest of the day.Since the food and service went so well I opted to try a cappuccino. Coffee is not Osteria 100 strong point.  There was almost no foam on my cappuccino after doctoring it up with some sugar it went down easy.Last point to be made. The owner even stopped by to ask about my meal.  I felt for sure he would just skip over me , but he double backed and checked on me too, good job Osteria 100 best lunch I've had in many many moons.
3	Some menu items are great, like the beans and greens. Some a little mis-balanced - the gnocchi - but still quite good.The staff - the kitchen staff in particular - don't seem to have enough to do. The chef is  content to site at the bar and make disparaging comments about the owners, which seems unprofessional and unnecessary.They haven't been open before New Year's - perhaps they are closed permanently?
