1	I would like to preface this extremely negative review by saying that my husband and friends and I are easygoing, polite, and positive people who try not to be difficult, rude or demanding when in a restaurant or bar.  With that said, we will NEVER go to Tin Roof in Charlotte again because of exceptionally bad service (and an overall bad vibe).  The drink menu is written on a piece of looseleaf paper carried by just one of the servers, which we initially thought was hilarious.  We were less amused when our group's drink orders came out late and incorrect, and even less amused when it took over 20 minutes to correct the mistake.  Our food orders were equally late and incorrect, and our server was confused, erratic, and difficult to track down.  The bill, as expected, was a jumbled, inaccurate mess and we needed to track down three different managers over the course of an hour to resolve the problem.Some of the food was delicious, but several orders contained undercooked meat and many were just wrong.  If a single person on staff had apologized or mentioned that they were struggling to get set up after their recent opening, we would have had absolutely no problem with the evening and empathized with the overwhelmed servers.  Instead, the staff made excuses ("Well, it's not usually this busy") and not a single staff member apologized that we had to wait for hours for incorrect orders.  Again, we realize that this is not the apocalypse and that there are much more serious problems in the world than being double-charged for an undercooked meal, but with so many awesome restaurants to choose from in Charlotte, I doubt we would ever find the need to visit Tin Roof again.
1	Don't waste your time on this one. Go to ANY other restaurant in epicenter. Probably the worst service I've received in years. Food was ok, not worth the wait. Each round of drinks takes about 10-15 min. I've heard good things About tin roof in other cities, they better right this ship fast or this will be closed in a few months. Also, message to management, train your staff to say "sorry" when they're making mistake after mistake.
1	Will not be returning! The food choices are very limited and the quesadilla I ordered came out with hardly anything inside. Basically two tortillas. The service was also very slow. So many better places in Charlotte, any bar has had better food than this place.Also if you have been to the Tin Kitchen food truck and had awesome food, this is not the restaurant version of the food truck! No association.
4	Went there for lunch with co workers. We were greeted promptly as we walked through the doors. Waitress was really sweet an able to explain the menu. Food was a little better than average. Manager also walked up to ask how we were doing. If they keep up this attitude, they'll be one of the hottest places in town to eat and drink!
3	The service was fine - and I was here on a fairly busy Friday night around 11! I like the live bands that they have here. The bar itself has a cool eclectic vibe (the decorations and such were neat). I didn't mind the $5 cover - it is pretty cheap for a cover (at least compared to what I am used to).The food = mediocre bar food. Nothing to rave or complain about. The mixed drinks [in the small plastic cups] were ok (not too strong or weak) and cheap, just like the beer (like ~$5 a drink).Tip for those new to the area - don't park in the Epicentre parking to come here! It is ridiculously overpriced! I paid $9 for what was just under an hour or an hour and a half I believe.If you like sports bars and want TVs to watch games on, this is a good place in the area for that (even though there are plenty of places - I just liked the variety of the sports/games they played here).
3	We went here last night before our movie to grab a drink. We didn't get any food, just drinks, so I cannot comment on the food. If we ever go there for food, I'll update my review accordingly. The second we walked in the door, we were greeted by one of the waitresses. There were a handful of people in the restaurant but definitely not busy. My husband and I decided to grab a drink at the bar, since we were just drinking. The bartender immediately came over. I asked for the drink specials and there were TONS.....I couldn't remember half of what he said cause there was so many!!! We both just settled for $2 Rolling Rock. I don't know if I was tired or the 15 min walk into Uptown made me thirsty, but man that ice cold beer was so amazing! Looking around, the place is super colorful and all the decorations on the walls (like old school advertisements) were entertaining. We chatted with the bartender for a bit. He said there are 15 of these restaurants around the south east.  He also said they bring out live bands every Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. We were there on a Thursday, and he mentioned that there is usually a DJ that does his own screen visuals (I have no clue what its called) that comes out on Thursdays. Seems like a cool place to grab a quick cheap drink and listen to some music.
1	Came here before a concert and waited 20 minutes before someone even acknowledged us.  We placed our drink order and it took them 15 minutes just to bring our drinks. We ordered our food and it took them an hour and a half to bring our chicken sandwiches. Ridiculous!!!!!!  Never going back.
5	Its a great live music joint with good bar food and drink specials.
2	Open on snow day!  This was the first place we could find that was open in the "Great Blizzard of Charlotte 2014".  I was a little late to the party as I had to park when everyone else took the light rail.It took me a second to find the place.  There are a lot of signs out front but I didn't really see one that had the name of the establishment.  The were under-staffed due to the weather but our waitress was still relatively punctual in her visits.  One great friend was nice enough to go ahead and order me a beer when they knew I was close to walking in.  So, all I had to do was decide on food.  I ate some leftover chicken tenders of others and decided that was enough to hold me off for now.  Ordered a few more drinks and watched some Olympics.  Everyone was nicely buzzed and having fun but not so much as to bother others.I finally decided I was going to order some food.  At the same time a couple in our group asked for their check.  They got their check and they were over-charged.  They asked the waitress why their quesadilla's weren't the price as advertised on the ad on the napkin holder and she just said that they were't doing specials today.  She didn't think to say something when they both ordered quesadillas on quesadilla day?  She stood by her statement.  With a few in the party working in local establishments nobody wanted to bother the manager but we had no other option.  He came over, instantly fixed it.  No harm done.  After all that, everyone else wanted to leave, so I got no food.I don't really get the theme here.  Country bar in the epicenter?  Will not go out of my way to visit this place again, but not completely apposed to it either.  Oh yeah, Epicenter parking is something like $5 an hour, and no one validates.  So, be prepared for that.
4	Don't who the band was that performed tonight but they were kick-ass. Their spin on pop songs, "Hold On We're Going Home" and "Rock With You" to name a few, were amazing. Also, if you want to get food you won't be disappointed with the Shrimp Po' Boy.
2	The service was slow and the food was mediocre. Won't be back. I had the PB&B. How hard is it too screw up peanut butter and bananas? Apparently, it's very easy. To top it off, they had the music so loud that I couldn't hear my table mates talk. It wasn't crowded at all. So there was no excuse for the music to be blaring like that. And my rum and coke was 99% coke. There are much better bars uptown. Don't waste your time!
4	I have been here for lunch before and I wouldn't necessarily recommend this place for daytime dining. They aren't really a restaurant and seem more like a bar. It's pretty average food nothing amazing but nothing to write home about either. We were there during a daytime sporting event and the service was really slow because they were busier than anticipated.I have also been here at night. I went after the Miley Cyrus concert to hang out and have some drinks. It was a really fun time! Live music and lots of fun dancing. I would recommend stopping by here while out on the town. Overall fun atmosphere for nightlife but not so much for lunch.
1	Don't even bother! My husband and I stood at the door (I am disabled) and after being ignored by several people who work there I asked the guy at the door :Do we seat ourselves?" Oh, yeah, ok. My husband found us a booth since I have a hard time walking and we sat. The waitress came and I ordered a vodka martini. She replied "We can't make martinis". I guess I gave her a puzzled look, because she went on to say "We don't have a glass and besides, we're very busy. So, do you still want a martini?". I asked if I could get a Bloody Mary and she said "Yes.'  If you're too busy to splash some vodka and olive juice in a glass how do you have time to make a Bloody Mary??  My husband ordered a beer. She seemed ok with that, like bringing a beer in a bottle wouldn't strain her too much. We got up and left before the drinks came. It is rude to tell a customer that you are too busy to make the drink she really wants! Idiots much?????
5	My significant other and I stopped by to get a few drinks before going to a movie at the studio movie grill. The service was excellent and the Panther shots were perfect. Not too strong or too weak on the alcohol. We plan on going back to try the food soon!
2	Not impressed one bit.  With so much competition nearby you need to separate yourself and this place did not.  The food is your typical bar food. Nothing that stands out. A place like this needs service and it was lacking. Our appetizer was delivered after our meals and only because we asked about it. How hard is it to bring out tortilla chips and guacamole? The answer we got. "Sorry."  Fortunately I asked that they not charge us and they obliged. Look elsewhere unless your desperate.  Maybe I'm negative since the Bears lost but there is better things around.
5	we were in town this weekend for the bears vs panthers football game. the managers were not very smart scheduling 1 waitress for a sat afternoon when sooooo many people were in town from Chicago. however, our waitress OLIVIA was amazing. the food was good. the atmosphere was super fun. she got all 20 of us food n drinks. we all went back later that night and the band we saw there was great too....go there and ask for Olivia
4	The food here it's really good and I've of the good thing that I like about this place is it close to both stadiums.
