2	This McDonalds has been here forever, at the corner of 7th Ave/Van Buren/Grand Ave. I stopped in for lunch today while walking home from an appointment. I figured... I haven't eaten Mickey D's in ages, why not? Plus, I'm walking, and it's a... scenic area.I was impressed by the cleanliness, especially given the sad state of most of the customers and employees. I think it's mecca for tattooed gangbangers.2 stars instead of 1 because they have Diet Dr Pepper on tap. Oh yeah.I had a double quarter pounder with cheese and fries. The fries were luke warm. The burger tasted institutional - think public school cafeteria. I imagine it might be a really entertaining place to stop by on a weekend evening, what with the hookers and hoes hotels nearby with their $20-something rooms and whatnot. Next time I'm in the 'hoooooood and want fast food, I'm hitting Church's Chicken across the street.
1	Sucks
1	It's near where I work, but I don't think I'm coming back.  The cashier & assistant manager were rude to me.  They didn't have the new Frappe/Mocha machine so they couldn't take my Iced Frappe coupon.  They told me I could have a coffee.  I told them I don't like plain coffee.  I suggested a free McFlurry, but the assistant manager refused saying that the McFlurry was a seperate category.  I told them that I'm probably not coming back & that I came almost every week.  The assistant manager acted like she could care less, which irritated me more.  It's BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE.  Because she wasn't willing to give a free McFlurry, they are going to lose more than $100 of sales from me.  SO STUPID of them!
2	Normally I wouldn't review a place like McDonald's since we all know that the food is fried, greasy, and all around bad for you. However, this McDonald's warrants a review because it is a people watching mecca. If you work anywhere in the area, go once...you will thank me.You know you are going to a klassy McDonald's establishment when the first thing you see is a sign on the door that says "No large bags and no bedrolls". My co-workers and I have seen such interesting people as a guy with a gun in his waistband eating with his family; a woman in a bikini top talking to herself; and most recently on Saturday night, my co-worker and I saw a guy just released from county jail trying to get a "refill" of soda with a Circle K cup. This location is also quite the popular day laborer pickup spot.Service isn't the best, but where is it outstanding when it comes to fast food? My co-workers and I have been to this McDonald's about four times in two years, but it always delivers on seeing "interesting" people. And for that reason, this McDonald's gets two stars.
3	It's a Mickey D's... what can you say? As far as McDonald's goes, this one is A-Ok! The people watching is priceless, the food is the best hangover cure (or late night drunk snack), and for the amount of shit the employees have to put up with from the local cracked out transients, they somehow manage to smile when taking your order! Keep up the good work!
5	Mm M MMMMMM!!! A 24-hour drive thru serving up my fast food favorites!!! It is conveniently located, and despite the questionable hygiene of the crowd that streams through here, this restaurant is very clean. Another plus is that they have a double drive-thru and extremely efficient and polite employees to go along with it. I never have to wait for my food very long at all!
4	This is the only place open near work at 3am. The service was good but had to wait for hot coffee which was a bit annoying.
3	Hey.  It's McDonalds.  What can I say?  Kind of a seedy crowd hanging out at 8AM but it is what it is.  I got a bit tired of paying $30 to have two eggs and etc. brought up to my room in the Sheraton on 3rd St. so I cut loose one morning, got in the Avis car, and drove down to Third Ave. and had two Egg McMuffins for $5.  Nothing satisfies like an EggMc.  I will admit, my coffee was from Starbucks.  They totally hit the spot.
3	So I have mixed feeling for this MIcky Ds .. I live downt he street so I go here often if its for a soda ice cream or a regular burger.. I got diffrent times late nights early mornings.. But theres seems to be an inconsistent employee One of the drive thru girls During the night and midnight shift is very nice helpful and talkative Fast! Nows me as a regular now. But on occasions shes not there and I have the worst experince employee who argue with me about only the fires come large but not the drink in my meal?? With a Cigarette on her ear? Really? 1/3 time my order is wrong... If i were manager I would clean out some employees... But at teh same time its just Mcdonalds..
2	This McD's service sucks. I have been here numerous times and have had some sort of bad service every single time.
4	Fourth place I have tried to eat at third mcdonalds first three places were closed down
2	I don't often review McD, but after my experience with their drive-thru, I needed to say something.  I went here during afternoon rush hour on the way home from work.  Not only did I get a regular Dr. Pepper instead of the Diet Coke I ordered, but I realized why the drive thru was going so slow:  The exit line spills out onto southbound 7th Street as it crosses Van Buren.  During rush hour, this is a disaster.  So much traffic comes down 7th Street that you could find yourself waiting to exit the lot for five minutes or more--per car.  It might not take that much time for you, but it's the luck of the draw.This is a more or less typical McD, situated in a lousy spot traffic-wise.  I'm not lovin' it.  Even if you get what you order, you'll have to wait forever to get it.  Nothing's fast about the food around 4:30 or 5:00pm if you're hoping to eat on the road.  Better to park, eat inside, and wait for the torrent of cars to die down a bit before heading home.
