1	I recently accompanied my friend several times to the Fred Meyers Jewelry store located in Fry's Marketplace. Her and her fiancee previously purchased their wedding bands from them and she wanted to get them engaged with their wedding date as a surprise to him. When we dropped them off she asked would their be a problem with them being engraved and she was informed no their wouldn't be. We looked around the store some more and discussed making another purchase. My initial thought after this visit was that it was a very casual and a little unprofessional for my liking in a jewelry store. The following week we returned to pick up the bands. The engraving on her 14K gold band was clear and done well. Her fiancee's band however appeared to be barely legible. She asked why that is and she was informed that the person the bands were sent to outsourced to someone else because of the titanium material made him nervous. She asked why no one called her and informed her it would be a problem or told her initially. The saleswoman then became confused and said she could ask if they could engrave it again. My friend pointed out to her that she just said because of the material it was already difficult to engrave. She said she would ask if it could be done again. The manager then took notice of the disagreement and he came over. He mentioned with his loop he could see the engraving. He then discussed with the jeweler and confirmed it couldn't be done. My friend asked if his staff is aware of that? He said yes and she informed him that that wasn't the case and that she is dissatisfied with her experience. Here is where things took a turn. The manager got defensive and then asked my friend why she didn't ask.   This is when I  interjected that he was out of line and she isn't the expert his staff is suppose to be. I also pointed out that an engraving shouldn't take a loop like he pointed out to see. It defeats the entire reason for having an engraving. If no one was able to read it what was the point? And his not communicating has unnecessarily devalued the ring. It was her decision to make not their's! His blaming the customer approach is horrendous service and why I will never make a purchase there. He then informed my friend that he would only charge her for one engraving. We immediately left. The thing that bothers me beyond the lack of his staff being informed or that he took no accountability is that it was their wedding bands. They have blemished their experience  unnecessarily with this horrific service. If you have an option I encourage you to seek out another jewelry store.
2	We purchased my wedding set at a location in Tulsa in the mall.  The salesperson was awesome!  In fact, we returned on our anniversary and upgraded my stone.  Unfortunately they closed most of their locations and we had to mail my rings in to get checked every 6 months to keep the lifetime warranty that we paid for.  When we moved to AZ, I was excited to find a location in Paradise Valley mall.  Originally my center stone was 5/8 ct and we upgraded to 1.1 ct, but they used the same prongs.  My stone came loose and almost fell out at least 5-7 times over a 4 year period.  Well they closed the PV location so I went to this location in Fry's Marketplace.  The staff seemed nice.  I had my rings checked in May and the stone was loose again and they had to keep it for a week to fix it.  I explained my ongoing problem with the stone and my fear of losing it.  I told them that if it happened again I wanted a new prong put on.  I went to have my rings checked on 12/14 (which ironically was our anniversary) and the stone was loose and they had to keep it to put a new prong on.  Katherine assured me the ring would be ready in 48 hours and if they had to order a prong, it would be 72 hours.  I wasn't happy about this and let her know my frustration and that we live at Anthem and it's quite a drive to come back for the rings.  I actually spent $326 on 2 necklaces and left.  I called on 12/17 and spoke to Katherine and she told me my rings were ready.  My husband drove all the way over and they were NOT ready!  In fact they told him they had to order the prong and it wouldn't even be there until Thursday and the ring wouldn't be ready until Friday or Saturday.  The Sales rep had nerve to tell my husband that there was no pick up date on the ticket and we should have called first.  Really?  So I called and spoke to Mannette who informed me that I would need to call and speak to Katherine tomorrow.  I expressed how upset I was and that I feel the ring we purchased for $7500 is junk and I want some sort of compensation.  She informed me they could mail it to me.  Are you kidding??  I will be calling corporate tomorrow and I will be receiving some type of compensation.  That's the bottom line.
1	TURN AND RUNFirst...the staff is terrible and rude. They talk to you like you are 5. Second- We ordered a rose gold band to match my wife's rose gold engagement ring. 3 months later, we discover that the band is actually sterling silver....STERLING SILVER!!!! They charged us $700 for a sterling silver ring that may have been dipped in rose gold. The receipt says ROSE GOLD CUSTOM BAND. I am appalled and have filed complaints with the FTC, BBB, and AZ Attorney Generals Office. FM may be a great jeweler, as my Tucson store was awesome! The manager Diana is amazing. That ring I purchased in Tucson still looks amazing.
1	Corporate got involved, and they were very generous and apologetic. They are refunding us our money. I do not believe this store reflects Fred Meyer as a whole. The Tucson location is great and they create excellent jewelry. At some point we will head down there to get a new wedding band made for my wife.
