4	Went in when it was not busy, the girl there was super nice,They has a nice variety of Flavors and more than not, were Non Fat! yay!It was pretty delicious, I would have liked to see "healthier " toppings"But the kiwi, strawberries  and mochi was sufficient.They had fresh apples and cinnamon and also some nuts and such... but most were little more kids like toppings, which was fine, it was a nice array and they had some toppings syrups as well. It was a cute place - easy to find, easy to park... very cute place!I even got a coupon for Buy one get one free next time ! I like that for sure!Theyre also open late! Big Plus for out in the Summerlin area!I'd def recommend!
5	Best "FroYo" in town!!  This is a longer drive for me to get there.  I could easily go a mile to USwirl, but Menchie's is different and I like the Cake Batter flavor with a little Cookies N Cream mixed in.  Top it off with some sprinkles and fresh brownies and you have "Birthday Cake In A Bowl"....Yum!
5	It's hard to give this place anything other than five stars when they gave my girlfriend and I FREE FROZEN YOGURT!!!!  Read on...So we get a coupon in the mail for buy one get one free.  My girlfriend and I are dieting, but we figured a small portion would be OK.  We go there and get some yogurt, and are about to pay when the guy explains that it's free.  Every night from 9pm to 11pm on Mondays through Thursdays in April, frozen yogurt + toppings up to 10 ounces is free.I guess this is their promotion to get new people in the door, and let me tell you, it's going to work.  It's almost 10:30pm and I'm about to go head over there for some more fat free (really? REALLY?) peanut butter yogurt.The other Yelp'er is correct, not much in the way of healthy toppings, but they have peanut butter, which U Swirl got rid of, and oh did I mention it's free?  You win, Menchie's.P.S. - Kudos to whoever inputted the store hours on Yelp.  Their web site says they close at 10pm, which I would have taken at face value if not for Yelp.  I called, and their web site is wrong and Yelp is right.  So there!
5	May I have your attention please? One more time. May I have your attention please?Thank you, thank you, you're far too kind.There really isn't anything bad I can say about Menchie's because this place downright cold rocks it.Several flavors of self-serve fro-yo, with an abundance of toppings for the pickiest of eaters. This place has it all.I enjoyed a mix of Cookies N Cream with Cake Batter Flavor. I may have added a dollop of Peanut Butter flavor as well. Freaking amazing.As I sat down with my Yelp friends, talking about important things like the Lady Gaga line dancing at Gilleys (see other review for more on THAT), the owner of Menchie's (Chad) came over to talk to us.He is so friendly and warm. It is clear that he loves his business and the customers that walk in the door. He asked us our opinion of the topping and flavor selections. He even took notes from our suggestions. Crumbled bacon? OK, maybe not. But I am sure he took our suggestions to heart.Bathrooms are still clean. And just as a reminder...I try my best to check for this. I do dock stars for dirty bathrooms. Business owners, take note :)Also, through April, Mon-Thurs from 9-close (11), you get up to 10oz for FREE!! There is no excuse to come in and try it. You'll love it. Also, meet Chad. Super cool dude.SWIRL!
4	I was enticed by the free 10oz after 9pm but I was very satisfied and will return again.  Such a generous offer usually leads to gluttony but I was able to responsibly indulge. I tried my own mixture of Cake Batter and Cookies & Cream topped with Peanut M&M's, that more than satisfied my sweet tooth.  In addition to having great yogurt and toppings it proved to be a fun place to hangout and enjoy your selection.
5	I'm glad to be supporting the Yiddish community for their froyo creations. Is the place original? No! Is it different than Yogurtland or U-Swirl? Not really! So what makes it so special? The Smurf mascot AND the generous happy go-lucky owner from Hawaii. I like places with a personal touch from the owner. It makes the visit a unique experience. That's on automatic 1 star bump in ratings in my book. When the owner goes around the table and ask what kind of toppings you would like to see Menchie's carry, that makes people feel special. So what if my request for beef jerky and chilli-pepper as toppings may not make the list, at least Chad (the owner) took the time to consider my opinion. BRAVO!
3	Came here earlier for the free froyo. I got the mango froyo w/mochi, kiwi, strawberries, and mango. They yogurt is not as good as the yogurt from Yogurtland or Pinkberry. I gave 3 stars only because it was free.
5	Who can pass up free frozen yogurt? Not this girl! The Menchie's promotion for April for free 10 oz. of yogurt from 9-11 PM Monday-Thursday is amazing for those who want a frosty treat at a great deal - free. This location is a bit out of the way for me, but right down the street from my boyfriend so I get the luxury of indulging. This place along with 95% of other frozen yogurt places are pretty much the same, but with small differences like toppings and flavors. I got the cookies and cream froyo topped with oodles of goodies, like Girl Scout Thin Mints, Cinnamon Toast Crunch, yogurt chips, Lucky Charms, and hot fudge & caramel. I was only disappointed with the Jelly Belly jelly beans that I put on my froyo that were harder than rocks, but overall I cannot complain. The yogurt is delicious, the environment is clean and whimsical and it is overall just a good experience. I urge all to try it - free or not.
5	Thanks for the free yogurt!So normally I wouldn't have been able to catch the weekday free promo because of our schedule but the BF took off for a dental appointment. It's crazy to think that 4 days a week the whole month they are doing this freebie. Kudos to that generous offer. The place is bright and colorful, but importantly- topping bar is clean and filled. I got the plain tart and some fruits and mochi on it and some carob and yogurtchips. It was pretty good and the 10 ounces was plenty generous portion. BF had a vanilla with various candies.  Since they had outside seating, we brought the puglicious. It makes her so happy to be out in public but we get few chances to let her do her thang and charm people. Plus, you give her carob chips off my froyo- heaven! So extra kudos for the happy dog.
3	Came with the kids on mothers day. Discount on moms frozen yogurt! I haven't been to any frozen yogurt self serve before, so a warm greeting and direction would of been nice. Instead the teens stare at you and text or study on note cards. Wish someone had said you could taste it first, as I asked out loud as a teen glared at us but didn't answer. I found the taster cups but the kids already filled their cups, crossed my fingers that it tasted good for them. Topping selection was nice and kids wished they picked toppings first ha ha. I enjoyed the product, just didn't care for the lack of direction, warm welcome, and evil glares from the teens.
4	Yogurt's good, but I wish there were a real ice cream store around here. They's all gone the way of "healthy living," it seems. Menchie's has good yogurt, but serving oneself can be expensive...it's all weighed.
4	Menchie's is a really great bargain dessert place -- bargain may connotate the idea of being "cheap" without flair, which is not true.  It feels like a great time when you're choosing what flavors and giant scoops of toppings (Gummy Bears!)  you're going to load into your dish.  And it all feels very clean and proper, even with all the service they get with kids.  The staff was very bouncy and amusing, which put me in a good mood -- but really, who can be in a bad mood scarfing down a giant gobful of chocolate and gummies?
3	Came back because they give you a frequent eater get fatter card. With my family of 6 we earn one every visit lol. Prepped for the rude teens, that didn't change. But learned from one worker that there's a coupon in the view newspaper for half off.... Better to wait for one of those. Red velvet cake flavor was there this time and very tasty.
4	The interior deco of this place is fantastic. I feel like a piece of mochi in a colorful cup of froyo when I'm in here.I love that this place stays open late (they were open at 8:30 PM) on Sunday evenings. Not many places are... right?The yogurt is tasty. I do not think they have as many tasty flavors as U-Swirl, but how their yogurt setup is a lot better. Their topping bins are vertical, so all the toppings are easily accessible. There are only four liquid toppings, but they are in a spray spout, which is super convenient.They have a stamp card and I often find coupons for Menchie's online, most recently at LivingSocial.com.P.S. They have a cool chalkboard on the wall to get creative on.
4	My sister and brother were raving about their late night indulgence.  They kept on telling me when I visit home that we should go there but we were always too full to consume anything else at night.  Well, this time we made an effort to go to this place after a long week of my partners' deadline.  I was more than happy to take a ride to this place after lunch.  One thing that distinguishes this froyo place from a lot of the other ones in the valley is that they actually have an option for a waffle bowl instead of a cardboard cup.  This was a nice option to have.  The yogurt was somewhat your typical fare but what I think really adds to the flavors are the nice assortments of toppings.  I have never seen that much toppings any where.  And lastly, I have to say something about their Homemade Whipped Cream.  OMG!  That was so delicious.  Too bad they don't have a location closer to us.  This establishment will give Yogurtland and Josies a run for our business if there was a location closer to us.  Also, the price is somewhat higher than other places with their .39 cents.
4	A great alternative to Yogurtland, the location is great (basically right down the street from the 95 on Lake Mead) it's usually pretty quiet with a great atmosphere and you don't have to fight the big crowds and screaming kids like you do at Yogurtland. The prices are more reasonable and I also think the quality of the product as a whole is better as well as the fruit and toppings are more fresh than Yogurtland!! So if your on that side of town check it out! I highly doubt that you will regret it, and if you do, well you probably don't like yogurt that much anyway, haha ;P
4	Menchies is one of two of my favorite fro yo places. the thing that seperates them from the rest are their fresh waffle bowls. plus its always clean and organized. they have tons of different toppings including fruits and hot toppings like melted marshmallow. they even text you for specials like buy one 10oz and get one for a friend. and 10 ounces is A LOT!
5	They support my daughters school, Garehime! Their yogurt is the kind of tasty food that you can use to bribe the under 10 set.  I love froyo places because really my kids need a half pull at most and that is all we have to pay for.
3	Munchies is okay, but it doesn't hold a candle to Yogurtland, IMHO.  On my last visit I couldn't find a flavor that I liked.  Vanilla tasted the best of all of them, and that never happens!  A lot of the flavors taste very artificial.  The friends I go there with, though, always pick up a couple of pre-packed quarts to take home, so I guess I'm in the minority.  I'm not a toppings person, except for an occasional little squirt of fudge, so I can't judge or compare those.But Menchies is much closer to my house, and I love that they support the community, so I will continue to patronize them.
4	Just tried Menchies for the first time last night and although it's not a whole lot different than the other self-serve froyo places in town, I am a fan.  I thought their flavors were really good ...  even the vanilla and I'm NEVER impressed with vanilla.  Their toppings were good, too, although besides the real hot fudge and hot caramel, I guess they're not too different from the ones you get at Yogurtland or U-Swirl.  One cool thing about Menchies is they have a different 'special' almost every day of the week.  I think Thursdays are the only non-special day, if I remember right.  They have senior citizen night, teenager night, stuff like that.Last night (Wednesday) was 2-stamp night, meaning you get 2 stamps on their loyalty card for each yogurt you buy.  I think that's pretty cool because with the purchase of our three yogurts, I was more than halfway to a free one! Sweet! *****Listen up Yogurtland... you REALLY need a loyalty card!!  Please please pretty please??!*****It seems everyone has their own taste when it comes to yogurt, though.  My husband and daughter both said Menchies was fine, but they prefer the taste at Yogurtland.  So if you're a froyo lover like me, I guess this is one of those places you're just going to have to try and see for yourself.  I really don't think you'll be disappointed.
1	OK, first of all I have to tell you that I am a froyo expert. My family owned a few frozen yogurt places, and I know the ins and outs of this business. I understand quality and consistency in the froyo product, and Menchies fails to deliver a really quality Froyo experience. First of all, when their yogurt does not sell for themselves, and they every possible gimmic in the world to get you in the place, there is a major problem. They have 2-1's, happy hour, half off all yogurt from 9-close etcetera. Yogurt should not be icey nor grainy. Menchies froyo is so inconsistent. Most of the time  it taste so icey and is not smooth and silky at all. The flavors are not that strong, and I find it pretty dam gross to be honest with you. I am surprised that the the store on Lake Mead is still in business. It is never busy, and everyone I know who has tried it agrees (especially after they try Yogurt Land). Menchies is good yogurt to those who like crappy froyo and to those who do not have the palette for knowing good Froyo from bad fro yo. The best fro you is Yogurtland. They use REAL vanilla bean, fruit, peanut butter,coffee etcetera. Menchies to me is horrible Yogurt...I am sure all the Yelpers who like this place, will agree with me once they taste Yogurt Land. Dont waste your time or money on this place even if they offer you some stupid gimmick to walk through the door.
5	I'm updating this one and upgrading it to a 5 because now that the Centennial Yogurtland has been overrun with huge families with out-of-control children..... Menchie's has become my #1 favorite froyo place.Some great things about Menchie's (as compared to Yogurtland):*  Never crowded (I hope this doesn't mean they'll be closing soon!!)*  Easy access to sample cups.  At Yogurtland you have to ask for a sample cup, which can sometimes take several minutes because of the line.  I think it's really cool how Menchie's leaves them out for you so you can try as many samples as you want without a hassle.*  Waffle bowls.  For $1 more you can get a freshly-made waffle bowl.  Or if you're like me and don't want to spring that extra dollar because you know you won't eat the whole bowl... they have pieces of waffle bowl in their topping bar that are great!*  LOYALTY CARD.  As I've said before, Yogurtland really needs to have a loyalty card.  Menchie's card is buy 8, get one free... and one Wednesday nights you get double stamps.  That can add up to some quick free yogurt.  Excellent!*  The best vanilla froyo I've ever had!  Usually vanilla is just kinda "meh." But for some reason the vanilla snow at Menchie's knocks my socks off.  Sooo good.
3	3.5 stars.I am personally more of a Yogurtland fan.  i just think it is more flavorful and more selection.  Nonetheless, Menchie's definitely can satisfy a craving on a beautiful sunny Las Vegas day. This location is always very clean, the staff is always friendly, and the topping selection is plenty.  I personally enjoy the fresh fruits and mochi, while my toddler daughter prefers the candy options.  So, although it isn't my favorite froyo place- there is definitely something for everyone.
5	Ah, Menchies! I really enjoy the yogurt here. I always get tart flavor, so I can't really review any of the other ones, but the tart is great! It's never too busy in here so that's nice. The centennial Yogurtland is like a daycare nowadays so this is really the only yogurt place I go to. I like that they have a happy hour with 20% off. They could have more of a topping selection, but, overall, great stuff.
3	I haven't been back in a while. I like the layout of the machines, cashier and toppings  compared to all other yogurt places who have a line forming against the wall and people stall the process. They keep taster cups prominently out and I tried a few flavors that were new and nothing was popping out.. Chochella was a chocolate hazelnut and it wasn't even getting a hint of hazelnut and was just bitter chocolate. Then I tried peanut butter cup, then orange tart, then vanilla snow, then cake batter. I just took a litte bit of cake batter with some cheesecake bites. I do appreciate they keep the place clean, the staff here is always friendly and even gave me a sticker (?) of their mascot characters. It just wasn't doing it with the flavors outside of original tart for me.
5	Clean, moderately priced and delicious, what more could you want? The watermelon tart and tart are fantastic- you should be careful they can become an obsession!
5	The best place for frozen yogurt in vegas, hands down. I especially enjoy the tart vanilla flavor, as it pairs well with granola/peanuts.If you're looking to escape the Vegas heat, stop by and enjoy a refreshing cup of yogurt. The flavors are consistently updated, the store is always kept clean, and the staff is very friendly. Plus, they usually have a promotion of some sort going on, which is good marketing.Highly recommended.
4	Honestly, I kind of find self serve frozen yogurt shops to be kind of interchangeable. It's not that they're good, it's that they pretty much have the same product and toppings. I am, however, a sucker for the cute, and this place has it in spades. They've got a good number of flavors, several gluten free, several nonfat flavors as well. You're bound to find something you'll like!
3	I'm not sure how to rate this place. It's just fine for frozen yogurt, but I'm an ice cream guy and unless I go to the market, there's not an ice cream joint within five miles of me. I blame this squarely on the health craze that's taken over. You can't get a milkshake or ice cream soda in Summerlin or even near it anymore. I leave you with a quote from Dylan Thomas's "Under Milkwood:" "Johnny Crack and Flossie Snail always used to say that stout and ale was good for a baby in a milking pail." This holds true for ice cream!
5	I love this place! Great yogurt...great atmosphere!
4	I came here last night with my boyfriend to use a Groupon I purchased a while ago. It was for two 12oz frozen yogurt with toppings. I like how they had sample cups out so you can test any flavor you want without having to ask the employees. I ended up getting half original tart and half cake batter. Both of which came out kind of melted Since I knew I had to get 12oz worth, I put a little more yogurt than usual, then went onto the toppings. They have a LOT of toppings. It's almost like going into a candy store with a buffet feel because they have all their candy/nut toppings in a stand up display case on top of a counter, then you walk down a little more and you have your fruit toppings and boba, then you walk down just a little bit more and you have all your hot toppings. It's pretty awesome. Of course, I just stuck with my usual toppings (a few strawberries, 2 gummy worms, and a small scoop of mini gummy bears). I thought I might've gone over 12 oz because I got quite a bit more than usual, but it was only 8oz! That's when I walked over to Don and told him he needs to get more because I didn't get enough, so he loaded his whole cup and it still only came out to 12.6 oz. The yogurt itself was good. Maybe not the best cake batter or original tart I've had, but still good enough to go back for. In fact, I'd probably just go back for another one of their cute frozen yogurt spoons!
5	Very nice frozen yogurt.  Try the original!
4	Great fro-yo, always a place to sit and friendly staff. I love that they allow you to taste the multitude of flavors they have before making your final choice! Like that they have different styles,  the honey dew sorbet is light and refreshing and the red velvet is creamy and rich. A chalk board for the kids to leave their imprint on keeps them busy. Very reasonably priced, a rewards card for return customers and a great add-on bar.
3	Good yogurt, a lot of toppings to pick from. but nothing special about this place
