4	Sephora, can you really go wrong here? I guess you could, but not at this one.  Great friendly service. One guy was the only one talking to me. The other ladies were busy helping others. There was one person cleaning all the displays and I mean cleaning. She was taking every individual piece out an wiping it down. Very meticulously. It was very comforting to see. I really went into buy some eye make up remover since I ran out while on vacay, but ended up trying out some Laura mercier eye liner. I ended up asking the guy, Paul, at the counter for his opinion, and it was pretty much the same as my friend's opinion. I might just have to go back and buy it.
5	This Sephora has the best customer service that I have seen in a Sephora. Staff are friendly and as I moved through the store, and reached a new representative, each asked if they could help...two even helped me pick out a new bronzer. While I decided on not getting the bronzer I did pick up a few other things. In addition, Bea was very helpful and gave me the truth on if something looked nice on me or if I should keep searching. Through two stops in this location, I picked up a lip stain and lip gloss. I also picked up a primer sample. I was very pleased with my items and service I was provided.
4	GREAT selection of makeup/polish and face stuff. Associates are always extremely helpful, and I always find what I'm looking for! I find their products to be pretty pricey for my price-range but that's Sephora for you! One thing I really love about this store is the names for their nail polish. HA, they make me laugh.
4	I stopped in here yesterday to purchase a Christmas gift for a good friend & was immediately greeted by a nice & friendly salesgirl.  I told her exactly what I was looking for & she knew right away where it was.  She also offered complimenting items.The store is bright & organized well & prices are marked clearly.  Should you need makeup, fragrance, hair care products, Sephora should be top of your list.  Prices are reasonable.To me, Sephora is a lot like Ulta.She quickly rang me up & even wrapped up the item for me, all with a smile.  In & out in under 10 minutes? That's my idea of shopping!
2	2 stars for the so-called beauty consultant "candy" - she was more concerned about her make-up  than doing an efficient  job applying make-up .... not explaining the products she's using & why....ughh - disappointing! ... need better customer friendly consultant - which make you feel like $50.00 bucks is actually worth it  - educate you on the products - and make you feel beautiful beautiful when it's done -  not worth a half ass job.
5	A make up playground.  Lots of people who know what they are talking about to help you find what you need.
5	I had a Color IQ and makeover appointment with Robbie a couple of days ago. The Color IQ was something I had been dying to do since my complexion can be baffling to match.  Unfortunately, the Color IQ actually did WORSE than I generally do on my own.  But no worries, Robbie went old-school and used his eyes to pick out a couple of colors, and found one that is the exact shade I expected the computer to come up with!My previous experience with makeup artists was that they can be a little condescending, and not very warm or genuinely friendly.  Robbie (and everyone else I came in contact with) totally blew that out of the water.  He was really friendly and sweet, (and had breathtaking brows and shadow!) asked a lot of questions, made selections based on my answers, and was not pushy AT ALL about product purchase (disclaimer: Sephora does expect you to spend a certain amount, either $125 or $150 on products used during the makeover, but I believe the Color IQ is free).  He gave me a lot of different ideas and options, and I LOVED the look he gave me. The products themselves came from several different lines, and I liked that, too.  The skin care products he used on my face were a line I'd heard a lot about and was considering purchasing, so Robbie gave me a brief rundown on them and had another consultant come over and give me even more info while he gathered up my cosmetic purchases.  I cannot remember the skin care girl's name, but she put a generous sample in a little tub with a tag attached giving its name and instructions for use-very nice touch.I ended up asking Robbie to move in and do my makeup every day, but I do believe he gave me the tools and information to do it myself.  I did spend a lot of money, but this stuff all has purpose and won't end up in the back of a drawer.  Great experience!
5	I went in early morning on Black Friday they seemed to have quite a few bins full of marked downs, so I went through them and one of the sales woman was extremely helpful on assisting me search for closed unused items. This was my first purchase at Sephora so I was skeptical, especially since the item I was purchasing was marked down, I was afraid there was something wrong with it but they reassured me it was simply because they stopped making these products in the mark down bin. I had my eyes on a few value kit I'd seen online and they directed me exactly to where they were and informed me on the best deals and gift ideas. When checking out I expressed my concern, what if the palette was shattered or I didn't like it since they're wasn't a sample one in which I could swatch and they explained in detail their return policy with a smile. Overall an amazing experience for my first purchase at Sephora, nothing like the horror stories I usually hear. Unfortunately the palette was a little shattered. I do plan on going back to try to exchange or return it.
2	I love shopping and love trying new makeup brands.  I usually get my cosmetics at Ulta, Macy's, Von Maur (I miss you Von Maur) and of course like every woman, Sephora.  When I shop Sephora I go all out and haul in my heavy hitting wallet prepared to seriously damage my budget for the month.  I have tons of points.  I usually leave on a shopping spree high but not this time... I've had better experiences at Sephora.I entered the store and was greeted by an associate.  I asked if the store sold IT products by Jamie Kern.  The sales associate quickly stated that Sephora doesn't sell IT because it's a drug store brand and Sephora doesn't sell drug store brands, sort of in a condescending tone and with an odd facial expression.  IT is not a Wet n Wild Walgreen's type of makeup.  I typically get medication from a pharmacy and not cosmetics with the exception of those Neutrogena makeup remover wipes, love em.  I politely informed her IT is higher or middle end and I saw it at ULTA a few days ago.  She didn't believe me?!  She did have time to ask the child I was babysitting if she was doing a monkey dance...what the heck...monkey?!  Not the best experience but I still love Sephora and will shop there for makeup basics and binges.
