4	Great idea well executed. Had the majority of venues within a few minute walk of each other. Wide variety of music by mostly local bands. From what I noticed they kept everyone on schedule. Clustered like acts at the same venues. If you didn't like the act you could spend a few minutes walking around listening to others and after an hour return to catch the next act. Everyone seemed to be having a good time and getting along. I heard some new acts I will have to check out again. Hope they do another Viva PHX soon.
4	If you're a local music fan, downtown Phoenix was your Mecca last night. When I say local, I don't mean the band that fills a room with 5 people, but the bands that bring along a hundred or so doting fans. There were also a few anchors that brought people out like The Neighborhood and Sir Mix-A-Lot.Setup across 13 different venues in downtown Phoenix, such as Crescent  Ballroom, City Scape, Hard Rock Cafe, and Last Exit Live - something like 60 bands rocked the night until 2am. Music from hip hop, rap, folk, rock, electronic, indie, dance, singer/songwriter could be heard in 30-60 minute sets. Make your choices, or don't and just wing it. It was a fun night of music, hanging with friends, strolling downtown, dancing, and chillaxing and I can't wait for the next one!FYI tickets sold out about 8pm ish. If this event happens again, buy your tickets early -- like I did. ;-)Happy Yelping Phoenix! Time to get your groove on.
4	Great concept! Yacht was by far the best performance. Crescent's sound guys did a great job compared to some of the other stages. The express pass was well worth it.
5	So I lucked out and won tickets to this through Local FIrst Az. I had no idea what it was but after looking at the website, my husband and I decided to get a babysitter and go. We really had no idea what to expect and honestly didn't have high hopes after trying to find parking and finding the area to get wrist bands. After getting our wristbands, we heard a latin band playing in the distance and headed there. It ended up being Sergio Mendoza y la orkestra. So fun! It was definitely a great start! We couldn't find a band list so we looked up the schedule online which was running extremely slow, If  you go next year I'd recommend printing a copy before you head out. My husband saw Pinback was playing so we headed to the City Scape stage which visually was set up so well! The stage was set up so all the taller buildings were in the background and you could see people watching the action from neighboring restaurants that overlooked the stage. It was the first time for me Downtown Phoenix actually felt like a big city downtown should feel. After hear a few sets from Pinback, we headed to the next venue and briefly heard a band at the Phoenix Alley stage. We next walked over the Hotel San Carlos and heard the best band of the night, The Pig Pen Theater Company. Such a great band that I had never heard of! That for me was the best part of the night, being able to just walk around and hear bands you probably would have never heard of otherwise. I loved it, and would definitely pay for tickets next year! Just a heads up, I heard them tell lots of people they we sold out! So get your tickets ahead of time.
