5	Copper Star has always been a place that feels like home to me, and the owners have spared no expense at making their next venture,  Circle H Barbecue, feel the same way. I also can't thank them enough for seeing the potential in the old Taco Cabana (and for keeping their bathroom signs - it's a riot!!).The place has such a nice vibe to it, and the attention to detail can really be seen in the well designed menu, the space and the staff. The tables are all branded with the circle h logo, which is actually a brand once used on a family farm. Pictures of the family hang on the walls to admire as you wander about the space and there is a lot of room to socialize and enjoy some great barbecue.I've been waiting ages for this place to open, and upon hearing of their first official day of their soft opening (grand opening coming in a month or so), I was able to convince a few friends to swing in to grab some dinner. While everything on the menu wasn't there, most of it was. Well, aside from the Dr. Pepper cake which I am now dying to try. The menu consists of appetizers, some common, some uncommon, like the grilled cheese sandwich trio I think will be a frequent meal and the gringo nachos. Salads are available as well as sandwiches, platters and huge combo meals that will probably cover a family for a decent price. I had the brisket sandwich, and the others in my party had the Memphis Flyer (pulled pork + slaw). The food came quickly in a basket with the typical red and white checkered paper. Mine came with the sauce on the side, which is homemade. While the brisket needed no sauce, it was too good to resist and I loaded it on. The bun never got too soggy and hard to manage and the barbecue was amazing. It was enough for a meal too without feeling too full. They are still in the process of opening, and as such all the decorations aren't yet up and the bar is not available quite yet, but this should not keep you from trying it out soon. The patio is gorgeous, the people are great, and it's another great reuse of space by a great local business owner.  Bonus is that it's right off the light rail so you have no excuse to not head there. They will also eventually serve breakfast, which, well, we all know I'm a fan of.
2	Sorry...Can only give this place 2 stars. We went at night, and the 1st thing we noticed was the cold, hard, white, & un-inviting  lights!!!! Ugh! ...Terrible lighting in there! It was like street light lighing, or like warehouse lighting....Was not appropriate for a dining place at all!  The waiter informed us that they were out of 3 things on the menu! (...That's a bad sign right there!). I ordered the BBQ Chicken Sandwich with a side of Cole Slaw.The sauce & the shredded chicken came separate....You had to pour in the sauce on the chicken.  At Honey Bears, it already mixed in, which I feel is better that way.The chicken wasn't really that warm, luke warm at most, and that goes for the sauce, too. Plus, I thought the sauce was on the bland side. It was missing flavor.  The cole slaw was the same way...bland.  Honey Bear's is far better!! ...Their sauce is kick-ass! ...It has a 'kick'.Also, the sound acoustics were awful in there. There were only about  8 people dining but it sounded like there were 40 people! Also, I spotted an employee eating food in the kitchen.... I don't think that customer should be seeing that happening.One more thing, the restroom smelled absolutely HORRIBLE! ...Like a sewer in there! ...Sorry for all of the complaints, but I am just telling you what happened on my visit there... We will most likely not return here.  Honey Bear's BBQ is way better!
4	Decided to pop in and get takeout for lunch today and holy cow, I'm blown away. Now I will say that the actual restaurant seemed cold and unfinished, but the food was killer! They were out of a few of the sides, but at the end of the day my meal was spectacular!!!! I went with the brisket sandwich with a side of seasonal vegetables. Now these weren't any regular vegetables, they actually cooked them in the smoker!! It was zucchini, mushrooms and peppers. Super great, perfectly cooked! My brisket sandwich was one of, if not, the best BBQ sandwich I've ever had period! The bark on the brisket was spectacular, nice spicy dry rub on the meat. The brisket itself was super tender and had that killer beef flavor you expect from a slow cooked brisket. The bbq sauce was a bit strange, but was pretty good. The sandwich didn't need it at all, super killer sandwich. Overall there were some minor things I'd change but hey, they're a new restaurant!!! Killer BBQ spot on Central Phoenix. Way to go guys!!! (now go put up some decorations will ya?)
5	So this is my write up for Circle H. I loved the outside of the restaurant.  I think its beautiful with the smooth coat stucco finish and the brick pattern on the exterior walls gives you a feeling of more than your standard barbeque outfit.  The signage is also very nice and big, and you can see it prior to the turn in.I would say we got there about 12:10p.  There were about four to five other patrons that were seated at various tables.  We were greeted right away .  The hostess directed us to the table and told us he had our menus to look over.  I liked the personal touch of the branding of the Circle H on each table.  We felt special as we got to sit at the "Bill" table.  Our waiter came over promptly and was pleasant.  He told us they did not have grilled veggies and out of grilled corn.  I was a'lil bummed they were out of the grilled corn. I liked my brisket sandwich very much and especially loved, loved, loved that my sauce was on the side (and I forgot to mention this to our waiter).  Did I tell you how much I love that my sauce is on the side??  I do not like my barbeque smothered in sauce.  The sauce was tangy, but yet had a hint of sweetness which is perfect for me.  I also noticed the sauce was not thick and gloppy.  It was really a good texture for pouring a little at a time on my brisket.  The bun was nice and soft, and held together well even when I put the sauce on the meat.  There was plenty of sliced brisket on my sandwich too.  The side of natural cut fries were really good and crispy!  I enjoyed my lunch.Guy Fieri should come out and taste this delicious barbeque or there should be a barbeque throwdown with Bobby Flay and get some media attention for this place.  Yes, it is that good.  Yummy!
1	One star would be giving it a holiday gift!For me Copper Star Coffee Shop has been a place where consistency and pride is taken in their food and presentation. Unfortunately, Circle H BBQ is nothing like the prior statement.My first visit to Circle H BBQ centered on ordering a half slap of ribs. They were extremely over-cooked.  There was more charcoal on the top, back and ends that was just not editable.  Once you scraped away the charcoal, on the tops, ends and the center ribs, there was one that was eatable. The company offered me a second chance to try their food, by giving me a complementary full slap.  Nothing had improved.They say they smoke the ribs, but there was no odor to that effect. In face the ribs I ordered the second time spend over 20 minutes on the grill after the order was placed.Btw...the waitress at the front counter couldn't even tell be the type of rub on the ribs and the type of cut they were. When I asked if they were smoked (cooked) daily, she said some are if you get here early - others were from the refrigerator from last night. The so called "dry-rub" seasoning was tasteless. The BBQ sauce is major strange!The bottom line is the ribs were not worth the cost they were charging. ($14/Half for 6 bones and $26/Whole 12-13 bones both with sides) I have high hopes for the brisket, but it might be a while untill I try that endeavor.Overall if they don't change the way they 'burn" the ribs, run, run or drive real fast to another place.  The charcoal is not good for you and there is lots of it!Honey Bears, My Mothers or even driving to Famous Dave's is well worth the trip.Sorry to burst your bubble, I too, had high hops for a centrally located rib place.  I'm still waiting.
1	I don't see myself ever going here again.I really wanted to enjoy it. I love Copperstar coffee, and I love supporting local. I didn't order barbecue, but I sampled brisket and carmelized pork off my boyfriend's plate. The pork was yummy! And the brisket tasted almost like it was enhanced not by a smoker, but by liquid smoke. Ultimate turnoff. Especially to a Texan that knows, loves, and embraces their BBQ. And he hated the BBQ sauce but I was afraid to try it.Anyway, I ordered the soup of the day - a vegetarian chili - the Arizona Garden Salad, and a side of baked beans.As the bowl of a chili I will call nothing short of a "hot mess" came to me, I was immediately disenchanted. It had hominy, corn, black beans, and kidney beans. This flavorless heap of bile wasn't made better by dumping cheese and salt on it. There was little to no seasoning in it, apart from maybe tomato sauce and chili powder. Not to mention they majorly overdid  it on the corn, as the chili was served with corn chips. I struggled to get through it, as I hate wasting food.Then my salad came - best part of the meal! It was made with fresh oranges, a strong and flavorful dressing, lovely dates, pecans, and feta. This salad was right up my alley. Then I sampled the beans - allspice. These are not your traditional "baked beans on toast" type of baked beans - no, they were refried baked beans. With spices that did not contribute to the flavor. I like allspice, too. But the flavor was overpowering and I couldn't get past the first bite.
3	I have been there twice.  I like other got word of mouth from going to Copper Start Coffee.  I went twice with a party of 3, so we got a variety after two visits.  The first time we went the staff didn't seem to know what to tell us, but the second time that we went they greeted and seated up in a less awkward manner.On both trips there, they had sob story about stuff that was not available.  That is a bad recipe (sorry for the pun) for a restaurant.  They need to cut the menu down, or they have to serve everything every day.  I might suggest to them a daily special also, as a way to cut down on the menu.  The older members of my party were very annoyed with this issue.The first visit I ordered the pulled pork, and my guest ordered a full rack of ribs to share.  The pork was great, and the french fries were exceptional.  The fries tasted like fresh cut potatoes made at time of order.  The negative was the ribs.  Ribs are the single hardest item for BBQ places to get right.  I would recommend Texas Road House for an example of them done right.  Circle H over cooked the outside, and the inside still had redness in them.  This seems to some other reviews like they overcooked them, but I think its opposite.  Ribs need to be cooked low and slow; low temperature over a long time.  That is how the successful places do it.  The sides with the ribs were ok.  The slaw was alright, and the BBQ beans were ok.  The beans were a bit on the sweet side for me.The second time we went, we ordered a pulled pork and a brisket sandwich.   The brisket was ok, but I would call it more pulled beef that classic brisket that I have in the southern US.  It would be better called burnt ends.  The pork again was great.  The big letdown the second time was the fries.  The greatness of them the first time was what spoiled the second visit.  They tasted ok, but they looked and tasted as if they were pre-cooked once then re-cooked more later to order.  Not cool after hitting it out of the park the first time.I am being generous on the rating in the hope that they get it together.  I hope that they read these reviews and take them to heart.  I know that their slow, and that makes it hard to cook for others.  I think that the need to do more promotion, get better signage to gain visibility, and cook everything everyday.  Otherwise, take the menu down a notch to a less ambitious point.  This is such a cut throat business that you don't get a lot chances to gain loyal customers.  I am surprised at the lack of classic BBQ joints in the Phoenix area, so I would like to see this succeed for that reason alone.  If you go, you won't be let down, but you need to keep your expectations in check.
4	So happy that something good finally went into the old dead Taco Cabana building, and its bbq too!  Love the Pig burger, Ive had it four times.  I saw some of the comments on the bathroom, but in my experience, the food is usually better in the dining area, and this place is no exception.
3	This place has the potential...I can see it and I hope that they improve upon what they have and strive to make it better!  I had the brisket, seasonal vegetables and baked beans.  The brisket was pretty good, verging on the dry side but wasn't completely dry.  I think if they added a sauce on the side it would help a lot!  The seasonal vegetables were nothing more than broccoli and mushrooms, which I don't really care for so I made due.  I think it would be nice if the waiter or waitress was aware of what the seasonal vegetables were for that day and let the customer know so they could make a decision based off what they were offering that day.  The baked beans had a good flavor.I am going back to see if they have improved because like I said earlier, this place does have a lot of potential!
5	As I sat down at the computer to write this review, I was forced to undo the top button on my pants because, once again, I ate far too much barbecue.  (I know ... TMI).  I'm a bit of a barbecue snob and have never found what I call good barbecue in North Central Phoenix.  At least nothing that could hold up to the good ol' smoker in my backyard.Well all that has changed with the arrival of Circle H barbecue.  The ribs are phenomenal - smokey, moist, and falling off the bone.  They use a nice wood blend which comes through nicely without being overpowering.  The sauce is on the sweet side and isn't particularly spicy.  I enjoyed the flavor but if you prefer spicy heat over sweet, you may just want to leave the sauce off.The brisket was excellent as well - probably my 2nd favorite.  But you seriously can't go wrong with just about anything.  The decor is sort of a cool, urban industrial design - not at all like a stereotypical BBQ place.At any rate, I only have 5 stars to give, but I would give more if I could.  I'm so very happy to finally have a good BBQ joint in North Central!
4	best brisket since my great uncle smoked it on the ranch in Southeastern AZ. i'd stake my family's K_W (that's K-bar-W to you non-ranch folk) steak on it!And they've got a REAL smoker in the back! They may use liquid smoke in Texas, but this is the real thing, folks! Don't believe me? Check the pic; I've got the smoky shirt from those few seconds' standing in front of its open doors to prove it!--pulled pork sandwich. ask for the mustard sauce. divine.--sirloin burger topped with andouille sausage and cheese. ask for no bun.--green pork chili. that's hatch green chiles inside! corn and hominy as well.--hand cut fries. these ain't no fast-food potatoes!but the best dish of all is the combo...--brisket and half-rack. did i mention the mustard sauce? ask for it.meat falls off the bone, rich smoky flavorand i get to choose two sides...--coleslaw--potato salad--(did I mention the mustard sauce?) it's new this week, a family recipe from the Carolinas where they start their sauces from mustard, not from tomatoes. Don't miss it.#sorry to say it, but the sandwich buns need an upgrade. i know there's probably a history here for their choice, but they just don't do justice to the wonders inside.#yeah, the bathrooms are still remnants of this place's old days as a taco shop (10 years vacant!), but ladies, it's a BBQ JOINT! live a little!#and yeah, the decor is a bit cold, but i'm here for excellent food and great service, not the pics on the wall. And they were excellent and great!As of the writing of this review, they don't have their liquor license yet, but the counter is already placed for it. I can't wait to enjoy a bucket of beer with a rack of those ribs. Ooh, I just can't wait!!This is the second of my neighborhood "audit" reviews since discovering some bullying bobblehead minions from the curve. Aren't they supposed to be automatically placed behind a filter? Admin! Admin! Over here!
4	I would love to see this location succeed!  Really great food.  We had chicken and brisket along with a few sides.  The chicken was so very moist and really tender.  Unlike some chicken, the flavor was beyond the skin and the meat was really, really good.  The brisket was flavorful and not greasy.  Maybe just a bit dry but that did not take away from the taste.  Seasonal veggies were great, loved the fries with skins on and the baked beans were great.  A tough location with the light rail making it somewhat challenging to get into that shopping center.  Circle H is a great addition to the neighborhood.
2	The building was originally a Mexican fast-food restaurant.  I assumed it would be the same sort of fast-food barbecue fare.  I was surprised and sort of puzzled that it had wait staff and was a sit-down dining place as well as drive through.  kind of a strange mix and probably not a good fit for being next to a McDonald's.First, let me say the place was very clean and presentable. The yellow filtered lighting was pretty hard on the eyes. The tiny type was illegible in sections on the small, photo copied menus.The service was OK, but a little slow about refreshing your drinks. The server was nice, but harried.The food was the worst part.  I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with potato salad, as they ran out of fries to the owner's dismay. He was informed by overhearing the waiter tell me.  Looks like a little communication problem going on between staff and management.Back to the food... The pork was kind of dry and extremely smokey, like it was in a house fire. The sauce was pretty spicy and along with the over smoked pork was really harsh. The potato salad was also spicy (there seems to be a theme here) and quite salty. I decided not to eat it all, as I didn't want my extremities swelling up.Price wise it's on par with a sit-down restaurant. However, for the fast food surroundings - it's a bit over priced.Overall I would say I probably won't be back.
1	This place had me excited. It looked good and I liked the menu. Too bad I got my order to go last night. Had I been there I would have sent it back. Awful food! Just horrible. The sauce on the ribs seemed to be rancid. The grilled veggies only tasted of vinegar. Even the side salad was terrible. I took a bite of the tomato and literally spit it out because it tasted like cleaning chemicals. I was psyched when I noticed this place and was really looking forward to a good rib meal. I can't see risking ever giving them another chance.  I wrote this above last night.  After reflection and knowing how I feel this morning, I'm quite certain the heavy use of liquid smoke on my meal and the terrible sauce is responsible for feeling bad and having a splitting headache (from the chemicals in the liquid smoke).  Last night was my first time to try the place and I hadn't heard anything about it.  The staffer told me they have been open for 5 weeks.  The place was not busy.  I'm assuming this is due to the fact that they can't have much repeat business if their food is this bad across the board.  I'm stunned and shocked that there are some reviews giving four stars.  This was the worst meal I have had that I can ever remember.  Also, to top it off, I ordered my ribs dry rubbed.  In every other restaurant this means "no sauce."  Mine came lathered with their awful tasting sauce.  I had a couple of friends come by after I had finished and they asked what was that awful chemical smell...  It was the sauce I had thrown away.  I would love to know that something bad happened that would explain just how bad this meal was....  Like a disgruntled former employee had tainted the food or something.
3	I had the baby back ribs. They had a great smoked flavor and had lots of meat on then and cooked perfect.  The sauce was bland, no other way to describe it.  The two sides were awful, the baked bean look and tasted they were from the day before with a added bottle of liquid smoke thrown in and the coleslaw was dry with no taste.Very friend people, service was just OK.  Interior needs some punch to it.  Would have liked to see wet towel served with the ribs.With so many good choices of barbecue I don't think I'll be back.
5	The Arizona BBQ Club, AZBarbeque (www.AZBarbeque.com) did a BBQ Crawl here this past weekend.The experience & food were fantastic.  The location right off the light rail in Phoenix is certainly a positive point, but I think most of their business comes from locals or weekday business people.We were there right when they opened on Sunday & there were people waiting outside for them to open.  That to me is a good sign to begin with.As we entered, you could smell the aroma of BBQ which once again, is a great sign as many BBQ Restaurants in town here don't smell like BBQ at all.We were seated immediately & the owner Bill came on out & introduced himself & proceeded to tell our group about his passion & vision for BBQ.  It is great to see a Restaurant owner who has a passion for what he does and isn't just in business to make the almighty dollar.They were gracious enough to bring us samples of many of their food including their Deviled Eggs, Pork, Chicken & Brisket meats & several different sauces.We then all ordered off the menu.  I chose to go with one of their BBQ Burgers, the Del Rey which had Sausage & Grilled Onions on top of a wood fired burger.  It was amazing.  The Sausage, Cheese, onions, seasoning & burger had my tastebuds exploding.  With 13 of our BBQ Club members in attendance, we pretty much tried everything on the menu.  All of it was tasty, flavorful & moist, a great combination for cooking BBQ.They then gave us a great tour of the kitchen, smoker, prep area & cook area.  This is a very well set up BBQ Restaurant with great ambiance & aroma.I know we will be back soon.Stop in & see them & enjoy a great meal.
5	Fabulous BBQ!   The pulled pork was fantastic, the smoked chicken was scrumptious, and the sauce was perfect!   The red potato salad was dill flavored just the way we love it!   Just when we thought it could't get any better..... Pit Master Richard brought a 'fresh out of the smoker' Pork rib to sample.   Wow it was melt in your mouth fantastic.   Great find when you have a yen for great BBQ!
5	Circle H BBQ opened up and I had to run, not walk, to try the delicious food!My wife and I both had the pulled pork sandwich with  a couple of sides. It was fantastic! I enjoyed how tender and juicy the meat was in the sandwich and it was paired so well by the tangy sauce.I recommend trying the coleslaw and the baked beans! They were fresh tasting and the flavors complimented the sandwich very well. In addition to the food which is spot on and competition quality, the friendly wait staff and the open layout of the place makes you feel good. It is a place you want to go with friends to have a great meal, at a great price, in comfortable surroundings.My recommendation is to skip the typical fast food joints around, and try this good, home style, up and coming, BBQ spot.
5	Holy smoked meat, Batman. Fantastic experience. Lean, tender, meaty ribs in heavenly sauce. Golden Carolina BBQ sauce is tangy perfection. Brisket and ribs tender and perfectly spiced. Mac & cheese? The best. Leave room for the warm and melty bread pudding. We're going back!
4	On our first night in town we wanted to go someplace casual and laid back. After consulting Yelp we decided to take a chance on the new(er) place. We encountered the same problem as some other reviewers when we were told they were out of anything that had chicken in it. Not a huge deal since neither of us wanted chicken, but it seems like they're still going through the fledgling restaurant stage of predicting inventory.  I got the baby back ribs and my boyfriend got the brisket. Both were excellent. The staff were friendly and the prices were very reasonable.
5	This place is a hidden gem. I had to beg my wife to try this place, because she is such a creature of habbit. She is so glad that I talked her into giving it a try. We shared a pulled pork bbq sandwich and salad. The food and service were above average in every way possible. The place is remodeled, so the dining area shows well. The updates are modern. I was amazed that we were the only ones dining. I think that once this place catches on it will be busy so check it out while it's still unknown. They have a nice selection of beer and there is also outdoor seating. We live very close by, so we will definatley be back!
5	burger heaven! I had THE PIG Burger... it. was. delicious.  and it was served on a pretzel roll.  mmmmmmGood vibe feeling in Circle H, I like the pictures on the walls, the bar look, the entire environment was relaxed and easy going.  I came the day of the official ribbon cutting, so I got to see that happen (i had no idea those giant gold scissors were real scissors by the way.  i guess, that is a dumb though b/c what else would they be??) and it was nice to see everyone gathered for this moment.The french fires were piping hot and delicious, they have all sorts of sides like slaw, beans, mac n cheese etc.  I also had a bite of the brisket sandwich.  It was so very very good, I am ordering that next time I go back.  Local beers on tap, good price too.Great start for a new restaurant, there were of course the new hickups, but those kins get worked out with more time. Nothing to worry about.  That's how you learn!!
4	Stopped by for a quick bite on a Saturday afternoon. Did not realize that the place had just opened (or at it appeared that way). Quite crowded with patrons, a bubble machine, and a DJ. It was bit loud with all the commotion, but still within reason. The menu is compact, but offered all the usual suspects. I went for the Pulled Pork sandwich with a side of cole slaw. I dumped the cole slaw on top of the pork and went to town on the sandwich. Meat was moist and smoky. The sauce had a hint of of kick. Very tasty.The service was a bit slow, but the place was pretty much full up so I expected it to take a bit of time.Good joint. Would return.
2	Chicken sandwich was mediocre and Mac and cheese was not the slightest bit cheesy. Was not impressed.
4	Have to try to get there early for the amazing deserts, once there gone, you're out of luck. The pulled pork is super tender and falls apart. Make sure you sit in Al's section, great service and he'll have you laughing with his jokes.
5	I was driving around town doing errands when I saw the sign for Circle H.   Never passing up the chance to try out a new BBQ joint, I pulled a right into the parking lot.   The place seemed to be pretty empty but I was greeted as soon as I walked in, taken to a table and handed a menu which while pretty basic, had all the essentials.        Being a huge burger lover, I opted for the Pig Burger which is a hamburger stacked with bacon AND pulled pork, sounded absolutely delicious.    The Verdict?    Absolutely scrumptious, mouth-watering burger, very tasty(I asked for medium and actually got it), every bite was mouth-watering and blissful.    The burger was extremely juicy, the bacon and pulled pork a perfect complement, a combination of spices that led up to a burger-devouring experience so good that I felt like lighting up a cigarette after I was done.       Honestly one of the best burgers I've ever had.      The cole slaw that came with it was the cole slaw I remembered growing up with, not the Kentucky Fried stuff you see everywhere but really crispy, genuinely tasty cole slaw.          I would definitely go back, I will be back, maybe even tomorrow...or later today...or whatever, did I mention what an awesome hamburger that was?       Service-wise it was very courteous,prompt and inviting, the layout of the place is very cozy, a comfortable environment indeed,  I will return shortly.
4	Where do you get great BBQ when you are craving something like Brisket and you are in central Phoenix??? Circle H is the answer! I think Circle H's brisket could be the very best in the valley. I got so stuck on just the beef brisket that I did not try the other offerings. What a mistake because owner Bill Sandweg makes one of the best hambergers as well. I've had the Pig and The Pastrami burgers. Let  me warn you, after eating one of these behemoth's, you either need to nap or forget about dinner if you have one for lunch. The Pig  burger at $10.00 comes with a choice of sides and generally err on the side of the fries. The fries are handcut and fresh. Does not get any better than that. You can definitley split the burger. Pulled pork and chicken are all good choices but beef brisket is so good. Their BBQ sauce is very unique (only wish they would have it on the table, but I would drink it then) and they came up with a new mustard based Carolina sauce which is scrumdelicious. This is a "Great" addition to local dining and a huge win for BBQ fans. Desserts, well have not gotten there yet because frankly, I can't eat another calorie for at least 4 hours. Fifth Star will come when the interior gets completed with old photos from valley. They have many but looking for more.
5	From the start, the service was great. Someone was there immediately when I walked in. I had my fiance and 14mo old sleeping in the truck so I brought the menu out to her and walked back in to make the order. I talked with the guy there for a minute and said I would be back in, in a few minutes to grab the food. He actually brought it out to me before I could get back in the restaurant.When we got home, we had noticed one of our sides was missing. I'm not a spaz like a lot of people and everyone makes mistakes. Its understandable. So I called and told the guy we didn't get one of our sides and that I lived right around the corner and would be back in a couple of minutes, to keep it warm for me. He immediately apologized and offered a free side to go with the one I was picking up (didn't ask for it). When I returned, the young man I spoke with and that took my order seen me pulling up and ran out to bring me my sides.That's service and it was with a smile!5 minutes later I was able to eat the most delicious BBQ, in fact I am eating the leftovers from last night for lunch today. mmmMMMMmmmmmmm........I'll be back soon!!!
4	One of my co-workers recommended this place and he did not steer me wrong. Our server (Al) was hilarious! He definitely added to our experience there. The restaurant was roomy with a great patio. I ditched my veg-headiness and had the brisket, needless to say it was great. As was the fries and beans. The burgers there looked fantastic. You can get them loaded with pulled pork, pastrami or hot links. My stomach couldn't handle that much meat, but for you serious meat eaters, go for it. Next time I'm there I'm going to try the Dr. Pepper cake. Who knew there was such a thing??
5	AWESOME!  I have been waiting for this restaurant and it has opened right by my house!!!The owner Bill is super nice and has greeted us every time we have gone there.  Food is great - especially the brisket, sausage, and ribs.  We like to share the Big Sampler for $32.00 is a DEAL!  Coleslaw is nice and sweet and crunchy.  Mac and Cheese is fair.  Fries are GREAT!This place won't let you down!
5	Awesome lunch today with my wife. She had the brisket sandwich and I had the Memphis Flyer pulled pork sandwich. We will be back.
3	Went back on my own to try again.  Have to say I still find the smoke to be overpowering on the meat.  Service was great.  Portions were large. Better experience, however it's not my kind of BBQ.
3	We decided to treat our self to barbecue, and since my fiancee purchased take out from there before (the brisket, which was excellent), we decided to have a nice dinner at the restaurant itself. The atmosphere inside is very relaxing, the noise level is mid to high, but it was fine. Things were winding down for the night, we arrived at 7pm. Immediately we were greeted and were seated immediately.After glancing at the menu, which is small and to the point, we were greeted by our server. I did not catch his name but he was a tall gentlemen. This led to my point deduction, because we were informed they were out of pork products! I was a bit shocked since I was prepared to try one of their burgers with the pulled pork (called The Pig). I understand supply issues, but this place should be better able to judge demand a bit better with a couple of months under its belt since opening. So I decided to order the barbecued chicken with fries and my fiancee ordered the baby back ribs with fries and beans. The chicken had a decent dry rub on it and was quite moist, and the fries are to die for here. Still it did not quite hit the spot, and my fiancee was not overly thrilled with the baby back ribs, not to say she thought they were bad, just average. The beans were borderline inedible to her.Service was excellent though, and overall we will be coming back, in hopes that they have their supply issues nailed down. We realize every place has their specialty items with their own strengths and weaknesses (their brisket is one item that is a strength along with their fries). So we do hope to give them another shot!
4	I love this barbeque. I'm from Maryland and I'm used to a very smokey deep flavored barbeque far from the ketchupy mess most people call BBQ. To start, it's clear that the owner Bill (who also owns Copper Star Coffee) really cares about this joint, the people he serves and the quality of the food. The ambiance needs a little work but if you are down for deep rich flavors, this is your place. The half chicken has a sweet, roasted spice rub with a hint of cinnamon with crispy skin and smoky tender juicy meat. And it's a huge portion. The brisket and the pork are tender and delicious. Believe me I've had BBQ where the meat is dryer than August in Phoenix with sauce that barely wets the surface--this stuff is juicy and moist. Like all BBQ some will love it and some will not. Judge it solely on the quality of preparation and have an open mind and you'll be a fan for sure. The worst part about this experience is when its' over. I can't wait to eat it again.
4	It took some time for them to settle in and work out some of the details, but, now, a few months after opening...this place is awesome!Great food, solid local bottled-beer selection (though I'm hoping for drafts at some point!), and enjoyable service.  I enjoy places that are always testing different items out, and Circle H is always trying to improve: adding a new sauce here or listening to customers comments there.I hope that Cirlce H is just the beginning of improving the whole 7th Avenue and Camelback shopping area!
4	Best barbecue I've had in Phoenix. Service was fantastic. Nice local beer selection.
4	I went to lunch not log ago to Circle H and I was pleasantly surprised. The service was awesome, our waitress was fun and full of good advise. we ordered the Gringo nachos and they were so oddly addictive. I then had the Texas beef Brisket with Mac & Cheese and coleslaw. The Brisket was extremely good in fact it was some of the best brisket I have had since living in the phoenix area, the Mac and cheese was baked with 3 cheeses just how I like it, the coleslaw was good. They had three sauces and all three were good with the Brisket. Yes, this is one I will be returning to, it was truly worth my time and money. There are still more dishes I need to sample so there will be another update once I am able to.
4	I have had lunch there a couple of times and both times were great. I do a lot of smoking and this ranks up there for me
2	Went in a few weeks ago. It's in an old fast food restaurant building (built to be a Some Burros or something similar) so it seems a little strange that they seat you - but it's very open which is nice. The service was really great and I think it was the owner that mostly served us. The food, however, left much to be desired. Friend and I split an order of Gringo Nachos (fries with cheese, a type of dressing, and onions) which were really good and worth the $6 but The Pig sandwich (pulled pork, hamburger patty and bacon on a roll, $10)... while it had a good flavour, the bread was super tough to bite into much less chew and the pulled pork was a little dry. With a much softer bun, it would have been more enjoyable. I also thought I got a side of mac n' cheese that was decent but it doesn't appear on their online menu... I really wanted to try the 3-layer Dr. Pepper cake but $7 for a slice of cake I'm not sure I'll even like? No, thank you.Overall, a bit pricey for what you get. Improve on the bread and lower the prices a bit and I'd give it another go.
4	As an old boy from the south, I'm always on the lookout for decent barbecue.  It's not always easy to find - Stacey does a pretty decent job, but I miss the mustard based sauces of my childhood.  So when I stopped in this afternoon for a take-out at Circle H, I tried to maintain a good attitude, but I was not overly hopeful.Nice looking joint, a little to clean and neat for a barbecue joint, but located as it is in north central phx on a  pad in a strip center next to a mickyd's, down and dirty would have been out of place.All I wanted was to try the pulled pork and a side of hand-cut fries.  The menu said $8 for the sandwich and $4 for the fries.  A little expensive, but if it's good, it's not expensive at all.My first nice surprise came when I made my order, the manager (owner, chief cook and bottle-washer - whoever it was who took my order, pulled out a sheet that I assume would be given to anyone who took a seat in the place with a special for the sandwich, a side and a non-adult beverage for $7.  What a deal - but then it got better, since I didn't want a beverage, he knocked off another buck, so it was only $6 for a pretty hefty sandwich and a lot more fries than I could ever consume.The second nice surprise was the choice of sauces which included a regular, spicy and "carolina gold" which is a  mustard and vinegar based sauce that hinted at the wonderful spicy tastes of my youth.Took the sandwich back to the office and was mostly pleased with the results. The fries were fine, but the travel time between ordering and office does not benefit anything fried.The sandwich on the other hand held up well to the trip.  Nice soft bun.  Well smoked (not overly) and tender pork without sauce to messy up the bun.  When I added the "carolina gold" to the pork, the sandwich came alive with flavor and memories.  The only small bonez I have to pick with the sauce is that its a little thin and a little more vinegary than mustardy.  Hardly a deal breaker and hardly enough for me to return in the near future.Stacey has some good competition and it can only be good for all of the folks who wish for more and better barbecue in the desert.
1	Went here a few weeks ago at dinner time (5:30 ish) and the place was dead. It was myself and my friend and one other table. For there only being two tables our service was quite slow. The sauces they had on the table were quite watery (a bbq sauce or two and a mustard.)For an app we got the potato skins. I would swear that they came in frozen and were microwaved before we got them. They were soft and only mildly warm. I got The Pig burger with fries and my friend got the chicken with mac and cheese. The burger for some reason was very very sweet. The waitress said that's how it comes because of the brown sugar they mix in with the pulled pork. The fries were limp. My friend said he his chicken was dry and the mac and cheese seemed like they opened a box of kraft and added some extra cheese.I may have gone on a bad night, I'm not really sure. However I will not be trying this place again. For the price I would expect much better food and portions than what we were served.
3	I've been waiting a while for a great bbq joint in the central Phoenix area to open up... guess I'll have to keep waiting.  Best thing about this place:  it's better than Honey Bear's BBQ... not too sure if that's the best compliment in the world but whatever.Atmosphere:  3 stars. Fine for a BBQ place.  A big improvement on the old mexican fast food joint that was there previously.Food:  2 stars. Had some happy hour appetizers... big pass.  The burnt ends were beyond horrifically terrible.  Disappointing as they are always my favorite BBQ item.  Charred to an absolute crisp with no resemblence of meat at all.  The waiter kindly removed them from our bill after realizing we took one bite and passed.  I wished he would have just not brought them out at all... they were obviously inedible.  Portions were very large and good for the price.  I've seen a few reviews complaining about the price... dude, really?  I got a massive amount of food easily enough for two for $14.  My girl got a great sized sandwich and side for $8.  Under $30 for two at a BBQ joint.. solid.Service:  4 stars.  We had an attentive waiter who was friendly, professional, and on point with good timing.  No complaints with him at all.  However, the danger of having an open kitchen is the fact that you can see the cooks and other employees using phones and chitchatting while not completing your order.  I wouldn't have noticed how long it took for our food to arrive had I not been able to stare at the cook on the phone not cooking while our waiter was busy refilling drinks to us and the other 3 tables in the restaurant.  Overall, not bad, not great.  They should head up to Dillon's on Central to get a decent example of what burnt ends are.  I'll probably be back due to it being in close proximity to my house.... we will see.
4	Great Value, Great Food.  I had the Burnt pieces, they were DELICIOUS, but they wont be for everyone.  Got a Beef Brisket Sandwich.  You can put your own BBQ sauce on, so I did half BBQ and half Caroline Sauce.  Mmmmm both were very good.  There is also the HOT option.  I hope they get some other drinks in there, not a Beer fan, would have loved a Smirnoff Ice or a Mikes Hard Lemonade, maybe next time.  They are open for Lunch and Dinner, and you can call your order in for lunch and then go pick up.
4	Wanted to try this place since it opened -- we love BBQ.  Glad we went.  The food was awesome!  Their pulled pork is fabulous, and we loved the 3 different sauces on the table.I had the green salad as a side with mine, and it was fresh and delicious with mixed field greens.  The bleu cheese dressing was top notch.  My husband had the red skin potato salad for his side, and he thought it was the best potato salad he'd ever had!  Service was impeccable.  Prices were really good.  Sandwich, side and beverage for dinner for two for exactly $20...unheard of for decent portions like these.The decor leaves a little to be desired.  Not sure what "theme" they are going for, but the food makes up for it.  Can't wait to go back and try to other stuff.The appetizer menu for happy hour (4 - 7pm) is also the bomb!!  Give this place a try!!
4	We went for lunch. The specials are a very good deal. I really enjoyed the pulled pork sandwich. My partner's "big barbeque" was good (pork and brisket), but the portion size was smaller than mine. The beans were very tasty, a little on the sweet side. I would not recommend the mac & cheese, although the server said that it's usually very good -- she blamed our unhappiness on a different than usual cook.I found that mixing the very hot sauce with the regular resulted in a spicy, delicious sauce. ENJOY!
5	Did take out for lunch.  Ordered the Pastrami Burger, was our favorite at the Sandwich Shop in Page Az.  Really good burger!  Saved the BBQ Salad for dinner, taste tested it before putting it in the frig.  Chicken had a very good flavor and the ingredients were fresh.  Live in Central Phoenix always looking for local restaurants to support.  Staff was very friendly.
5	Great food and atmosphere. The owner likes to come out on the floor and get feedback from people. He is very friendly and open to suggestions. In the handful of times I've been back I've noticed significant improvements in the tastiness of the food and tweaks to the overall design for the better. It's now my favorite local BBQ.
3	We were craving BBQ, and decided to try out a new place.  First thing we noticed was how clean and sparse the decor was.  I actually didn't mind it.  There didn't seem to be lots of lighting, but it was also still daylight, and they have huge windows surrounding the front of the dining room, so it was well-lit.  All the lights they did have seemed to have yellow light bulbs, so at nightfall, I was wondering if there was a yellowish glow inside, which would be difficult to eat by...IMHO.  There was also a delicious aroma, so we were quite hungry once we were seated and ordered.They have a Happy Hour from 4-7 every day, and have appetizers for $2.  We decided to take advantage of that and ordered the potato skins.  They were delicious!  The potato skin was cooked perfectly, with the right amount of potato still left on.  They were loaded with melted cheese and crispy bacon.  They were not served with sour cream, which sort of surprised me.  Instead, they were served with ranch dressing.  Luckily, they didn't need anything, because when I did try the ranch, it totally overpowered the deliciousness of the potato skin.For our main course, we got "The Big One", which was a combo/sampler of a hot link, chicken breast, 1/2 rack of baby back ribs and brisket...along with 2 sides...for 2 people.  We were told they didn't have the baked beans, so we went with the grilled veggies and mac & cheese.  I don't like links, so my husband had that.  I did taste it, but agreed to let him have the rest of it, still not a big fan.  They served the ribs with a dry rub which had a very salty flavor to it.  They were cooked very well, just a bit too salty.  The brisket seemed a bit dry, and was only lukewarm, but was good.  The chicken looked very juicy, but wasn't as juicy as it looked.  However, the skin was very good.  The mac & cheese was the standout on the platter, it was hot and perfectly cheesy.  The grilled veggies were alright, it had squash, red peppers, broccoli and mushrooms.  The mushrooms were the best ones, they had a nice grilled flavor.Onto the sauces...they have 3 on the table.  There was a spicy one (too spicy for even my husband to use), a mustard-based one (a bit runny and vinegary) and their regular one (was overly sweet).  I ended up mixing the mustard and regular, but it was still incredibly sweet, even for me.  I like sweet bbq sauces, but this was too much for me, so I used it sparingly on the various meats.We ended the meal with the bread pudding with a caramel sauce over it.  This was the best thing we had all dinner.  It was a big portion served in a large bowl, and it was wonderful!The service was a bit slow, but everyone was very nice.  Our server did come over to check on us a few times, which is always a good move. They're receiving 3 out of 5 stars from me for a few things...the delicious potato skins, the mac & cheese, the bread pudding, the cleanliness of the restaurant and the friendliness of the staff.  They're a bit out of our way, so I'm not sure if we'll go back there again.  But, if I'm jonesing for a delicious bread pudding, we may have to trek down there and order one up...try it, it was outstanding!
4	For my first review I chose, Circle H BBQ in Phoenix AZ, one of my favorite places to eat especially with friends after Church on Sunday.  It has been open for a couple of months now and I have been going since their opening.  I really enjoy the selection of BBQ entrees from Ribs, Chicken, and Brisket.  I really like the selection of side dishes, my two favorites are the corn on the cob and the baked beans topped with candied pork.  Several of my friends like the mac and cheese.  The deserts include bread pudding, which I really like since it does not have raisins, and a Dr.  Pepper cake which is really good, so its often not available.
5	Ohh man! Circle H is a great spot for some good BBQ. Very simple menu and great food. I have gotten the brisket sandwich countless times since its open, and its never let me down.
4	$7 lunch speacial! Pulled pork side and drink!! What a deal and man its good!!!
3	Being that I'm new to this side of town, I'm really trying to find a decent BBQ place to eat at since I'm to far from all my favorites on the East side of town.  A few weeks ago, I found this place, ate there and just never bothered to review it.  Tonight I went back for seconds since I had a good experience the first time, and it wasn't as much fun as I remember.The first time I was here, it was a Saturday night and there was hardly any one in the place.  I came here tonight (Friday) and the place was slightly busier.  I went up to the counter to review the menu, and the girl who took my order answered my questions. I thought I had told her that I was eating there. I swear I did.  She assumed that I was carrying out.  I don't know how that got mixed up, but my first red flag should have been her saying "you can wait at the bar." I said "no, I'm going to sit in the back."  So, ordered the Brisket sandwich, and waited in the back.  Other patrons that were there before me all got there food, and eventually my order was ready.  After she delievered the other orders to the table, she looked at me and said "your foods ready."  Um, okay, so bring it out like you did the others?Eventually the other girl walked the bag with my food in it in a to go box with no drink to my table. I told her that I wanted to eat it here, and would like to get a plate. She apologized, and took the bag of food back with her.  At this point, I went up to the counter to get my drink because honestly I was getting kinda thirsty.  As I approached the girl who initially took my order was talking to the guy working behind the counter and taking orders and sort of looked in my direction. As I got closer, they suddenly stopped talking, looked down at the floor and scattered.  I guess I'm  problem customer now? To much of a diva? or maybe I'm just so tired that Im being  crazy and irrational?Eventually my food came back out on the plate and the brisket was okay.   If I had reviewed the place the first time I went, I probably would have given them 4 to 5 stars. Now? 3 and thats about it.
2	This is my second time trying this place. My first time was a week after they opened and the pulled pork was very fatty and greasy and the fries were awful. I figured now that they had sometime to work out the kinks I would try it again. I ordered the deviled eggs to start these were pretty good, I would order them again.I then ordered The Southwest sandwich. The bun was rock hard and just crumbled so I just took it off. The sandwich was supposed to come with a spicy chipotle ranch that I never got. I ordered a side of mac and cheese and it was cold in spots. When my server finally came to check on and acknowledge me after dropping off my food, I asked her if the kitchen could just heat it up a little. This took over ten minutes.Without my asking they comped my $4 the price of the macaroni. All in all the service was pretty lousy, especially when the server only has three other tables and there is more than enough staff on. The food was not worth the price. I don't think I will be going back.I will however continue to go to Copper Star which I love.
4	Oh hey, Circle H! You're really nice inside, and your waitress was a doll!Your food is a great value, and tasty too!Your mac & cheese is a delight, that's right!Much bigger portions than Joe's Real BBQ.. and no heinous brat children in church clothes to deal with.Yay!
3	I really wanted to like Circle H BBQ, but they are just not there yet. For lunch I had the Sweet and Saucy sandwich, which is a combination of pulled pork and brisket. As other reviewers noted, I also had a large chunk of fat in my sandwich. The brisket was overcooked and dry. Otherwise the meat had a nice smoke flavor that was not overpowering. While I did like the bun, it was too much for the meat. Each bite was mostly bun with a little meat.For a side I had the red potato salad. I would choose something else. It had little flavor and was too "wet" with an abundance of mayo.On the big plus side, the owner (assumed) is quite nice and eager to please.I will try Circle H BBQ again to see if this is not just opening jitters.
5	Best BBQ in town gotta get the chili and the bread pudding the half chicken falls off the bone absolutely delicious!!!!
3	Pulled pork sandwich was flavorful and LARGE. French fries cold and soggy. Cole slaw was okay, but had a strangely sweet taste. Desserts good (Dr Pepper Cake!) but dessert is pricey. Overall, recommend. Great when you're sick of the Mexican food from the roach coach at Charlies Bar front parking lot (which is also good, but it's so over-played!)
5	Delicious, clean, great service! 3 hours later and we are still talking about how delightful this place was. We had the pulled pork and chicken sandwich - both were moist and fresh. Dinner for 2 for 20.00!
4	I like this place a lot. Based on my visit, plus what I'm reading in the other reviews, they've come a long way since their opening, and anyone reading this is sure to have a good experience.The shining star of Circle H is the food! I've enjoyed The Pig, the ribs, and the half chicken with a number of different sides. The meat fell off the bones of the ribs. The spices and seasoning were on point. The sauces are a great combination but I found the ribs to do fine on their own. The chicken meat was soft and juicy and also fell off the bone. The dry rub they use is killer. My only feedback of the food is that there's WAY too much of it. The two of us could have been filled on a single order. My suggestions? Keep the prices where they are. Cut back the portions by nearly half. Only offer a single side. The service is during our visit was phenomenal. I wish I could remember the gentleman's name who helped us, and I hate to profile, but he was the oldest employee on the floor that night. He knocked it out of the park. Our drinks were always  full. Our table was clean. My feedback regarding the service and staff is that when we arrived there was a small group of people sitting at a table on the patio laughing and having a good time. I was surprised to find out they were staff when one of the ladies jumped up to greet us at the door. This struck me as somewhat unprofessional. Later we found out the owner was one of the people in the group. We watched him throughout our visit sitting watching YouTube videos on an iPad while our server ran the whole place like a boss. My suggestions? If staff are on the clock have them at the ready every single second, or have them backing up the one server running the whole shop. The owner should be doing the same.Overall I really enjoyed our dinner. We'll be back and we'll send our friends.P.S. The reviewer RB needs to relax. Go smoke a bowl and take it easy man.
5	Sorry to hear that Billy sold the place today.  Really loved the atmosphere and sitting at the bar enjoying a beer.  Will be missed.
5	Tried going there for my 1st visit and they were closed during hours they were supposed to be open.  Have tried calling them a few times during normal business hours and did not get anyone to pickup.  They may be closed for good.  Not sure.
4	My SO and I decided to try Circle H BBQ Sunday afternoon.  It is clean and friendly.I ordered BBQ chicken and my partner had the pulled pork.  Both sandwiches were very good.  My partner cannot eat gluten and the waitress informed us that most of the items on the menu are gluten free.  They have a variety of sandwiches and sides such as slaw, baked beans , fries , potato salad.etc.  We had the potato salad and again we both liked it.  Prices range from $8-$10 I will definately eat here again.
