2	I took our VW Passat here on Wednesday to get the oil changed. They squeezed me in, and rotated the tires too. Cool. As I was driving to Minneapolis on Friday, however, the plastic bottom covering the engine/oil area (or whatever is down there, I don't really know) began to fall off. Eventually, I had to stop at a random dealership right outside of Eau Claire so that they could remove the rest of the plastic, which had been dragging on the highway. I called Goodyear, and Polly basically said "oh yeah, we noticed that the bolts were stripped that hold it on, we shouldn't have put it back on." This is a common problem with VWs, and it's really not a big deal - the plastic isn't necessary for the car, it's just a pain when it actually falls off and drags. What I don't understand is why they put it back on when it was obvious to them that it wasn't going to stay on.So now it's back at Goodyear for the day. They are putting a new cover on, for free of course.
1	Stay away
5	Excellent experience!!!  Thad and Polly took great care of me!  I set up my appointment and ordered my tires, oil change and new wipers online.  What I didn't realize is that I ordered the wrong tires, Thad let me know right away and had the tires I needed in stock so it was no big deal, except for my ego, I felt like a moron.  I was there approximately 1.5-2 hours and had new tires, oil change, new wipers, and an alignment.  Excellent customer care!!!  I would highly recommend!
5	I love Polly and her crew. I have taken my car in with a laundry list of concerns and left being told everything is fine. I could have been bilked but I wasn't . They do all my maintenance and repairs. I enjoy supporting a business which is managed by a woman. This is a man's world. I sense that her staff feels valued. She is kind, thorough and responsive. Give this place a try.
5	These guys are honestly the best.  I have taken my car there numerous times and Polly and Thad have done everything within their power to help me, get me in and out on time, and get my car fixed well.  Its so reassuring to know I can call there in a panic with car issues at any time and as long as they are open (extended hours on Monday nights as I found out with my car issue last night) they work their magic to get me in and get everything taken care of.  Just last night I took my car in and the shop on the West Side couldn't get it in until Thursday!  Thad from Goodyear called this morning after I left it there last night, gave me the run down (in lamens terms I could understand) and is now working with my warranty company to go through all the hoops to get me a reduced price.  I am so lucky to have them - and within walking distance of my house!
