5	Volcano-Blackened Mahi - No words to describe the exquisite flavor of this dish.Can I just tell you that a Vegetarian actually suggested I try this? Now how good is your meal when you can make an herbivore turn omnivore? The accompanying Caesar salad is a nice compliment as is the citrus aioli & pineapple salsa...mmm mmmm...my mouth waters just thinking of it. I'm not a big steamed white rice fan (booooooring) but I even manage to eat at least half.Oh and as if that wasn't reason enough to get the car keys and head out now, they serve the extra yummy Longboard Lager from Hawaii that I so cherish.The staff are friendly. The decor definitely helps to transport me to a tropical place.If you love flavorful food, go here. Located just off the 60 on Val Vista just NW of Baseline Rd.I've been to the Scottsdale one and this one and the flavor is always consistently delicious. I'll force myself to try another meal next time and will modify this review if need be, but for now, they "gets" a 5 from me!
4	one of my favorites.  food is good, atmosphere is good.  one of the few places that tries and succeeds in bringing the islands home to arizona.
1	Maybe I had a bad experience here because I don't understand why previous yelpers found this place to be noteworthy. It was loud - I guess it doesn't help to be literally surrounded by screaming infants with their mothers who lunch...and let their 2-4 year olds run around.I just didn't know what to say...but I think the canned chicken in my jamaican jerk caesar says it all. Canned chicken?! If it was grilled, it could have fooled me. I've had canned chicken once in my life and that was when we went camping. I will never forget the taste or the texture...and I found it sitting on my salad. Yuck.Hubby had the Luau Pork rice bowl. I could tell by the look on his face he wasn't too thrilled with it. Further evidence was him pushing his food away after ten minutes of attempting to eat it.I guess I expect too much when restaurants claim it's Island food. My father is a complete island boy, right out of Kauai and I've been fortunate enough to have lived on the islands while growing up and baby, this place is truly a repulsive rip off.
4	This place wasn't exactly what I had in mind when I set out to find Caribbean food....but we made the best of what we got. The food was good and the service was fast...but this is more fast foody than sit down since you do order at the counter and then they bring out the food. This is sort of a Hawaiian themed place with rice/noodle bowls and a few sandwiches. The teriyaki saw was to die for and the sweet potato fries were great too. I highly recommend the burger with swiss, teriyake and grilled pineapple.
4	I enjoy coming here very once in awhile. Its clean, staff is friendly and the food is really good. I recommend the shrimp!
4	Service is very friendly and helpful.  Told them it was my first time there, and the lady behind the counter came around to the front and walked me through their menu and told me the top picks. I went with a rice bowl with jerk chicken (YUMMO!) except I wasn't a fan of the "Rumbi rice" she recommended because it was a tad on the sweet side (fyi, has coconut milk in it - not a fan).  Got the full order and it was HUGE.  It's like 3 portions, maybe 4 if you're skinny and don't eat that much.  :)Great lunch stop, especially if you're meeting somone and can share a bowl.  Looking forward to trying their other items.
4	I always get the chicken bowl with the spicy hawaiian teriyaki sauce.  The food is on the healthier side and if you like flavored, unsweetened tea, try their mango tea.  the atmosphere reminds me of being on the island with island music and island decor.  Be prepared to wait a short while for your food cuz they make it fresh to order.
4	I've been coming here frequently for years, and was in a total rut.. I was always ordering one of the big gigantic rice bowls, with tasty, high quality meats, and veggies. They are good! A great, healthy meal, and a great value. But TODAY.. was a day for fish eatin'. The Volcano Blackened Mahi Mahi is my new everything.  I chose Rumbi Rice, which is a coconut infused rice with a few beans. Yummy yummy stuff. Super yummy. The mahi itself was perfectly cooked, and spiced.. the fillet was also cooked nicely, tasted awesome, and was husky, in size. Very husky. I'm a hungry guy! Topped with some sort of pretty sauce..(mango passion aioli I have learned!) and a tropical fruit salsa, this is a very festive meal! On the side? A small but nicely dressed ceasar salad.. I am also a GIGANTIC fan of their Chicken Tortilla soup... it too is delicious, and coconut infused!  Rumbi has great prices, to boot! Amazing iced tea! Awesome staff! and some sort of buy 5 get one free kinda stamp card! Also, the patio is quite lovely! Yay, Rumbi!
5	Love, love, love thier fish tacos!  I can't get enough of these little beauties, I crave them.  Everything we had was delicious - my daughter had the chicken fingers and fries which were also very yummy. I am trying the sweet potato fries next time they looked amazing!
4	This restaurant had a beautiful interior design that makes you really comfortable just sit and enjoy all the lovely Hawaiian theme and feels like you're in a beach. I love the design so much. Their mango lemonade was phenomenal! Makes me want to refill my drinks all the time. Must try item: Half and half fries, half French fries and half sweet potato fries. I tried the steak and chicken teriyaki bowl and asked for the large size but they gave me a large bowl full with rice with small portion of the meat. Looks like I've been paying $1 more for the rice! (sigh). That's the only thing that I wish they can improve of and got no complaint eating while looking at the gorgeous Hawaiian theme pic they had!
4	Mmm on the luau luau plate and the key lime pie! I'll be back to try other items for sure.
5	I have enjoyed Rumbi Island Grill for many years now, and I used to go to the location in North Scottsdale.  However, I have moved back down to Gilbert, and was completely unaware that there was a location nearby in Mesa.  I was overjoyed when I found it, and went to eat there soon after.My wife and I were very pleased that this Rumbi Island Grill was just as delicious as the other restaurant we used to go to frequently!  The staff is curteous and they checked on us throughout the meal to make sure everything was up to our expectations.  I was very pleased with the Volcano Blackened Mahi-Mahi with the side salad and Rumbi rice.  My wife had a Rumbi bowl with jamaican jerk chicken.The portion sizes are very large, and we left very full.  We even had some leftovers to enjoy later!  This restaurant is an excellent value and will leave you craving it often.  I can't wait to go back there!  Maybe I will be eating there for dinner tonight....
4	Yes this is a chain but after traveling in Maui for a week and then coming back home to Kahlua Pork from Rumbi, I can honestly say that the Kahlua pork here is better than any of the places I ate it at in Hawaii. Crazy huh? The Kahlua pork at Rumbi is so moist and tender and when its paired with some of their magnificent teriyaki sauce and Rumbi rice (rice cooked with coconut milk and beans), it is out of this world. The Kahlua pork plate at Rumbi has lately been the first meal that comes to mind when I want comfort food. This is a bit of a problem cause that is normally on a work day during lunch and after eating a meal of pork, rice, mac salad, and coleslaw, I am just down right exhausted and in dire need of a nap. I used to come here quite frequently but forgot about this place and I am not sure why. Besides the Kahlua pork and Rumbi rice, I can say that their mac salad, sweet potato fries, and their beach burger are really good as well. If you are looking for something different, yet tasty and satisfying, try Rumbi. I think you will enjoy it.
5	The food here is above all else CLEAN, FRESH, and HEALTHY.The salads are big and full of fresh greens and lots of goodness, with unique tasty dressings to sample from. The Rumbi Burger is easily the cleanest tasting burger I have had from any restaurant. I would feed it to my mother!I'm not a big fan of their teriyaki chicken, but the pulled pork with teriyaki sauce is a 100% home run. I like to order the Lauo Pork Plate.The rice bowl comes with a ton of tasty vegetables and pork and rice.The brown rice with teriyaki is great. The key lime pie tastes homemade and is 5 out of 5 stars, easily!I don't get why this place isn't busier. It is a clean, tastefully decorated location with friendly staff. Methinks they need to do more marketing.
4	Second time here and both times were excellent. Had the noodles with orange/honey chicken and it was sooooo good! They automatically brought extra sauce which I thought was a plus so that when you get halfway through the bowl you have more to put on. Didn't realize portions were so huge so I got to bring some home and reheated it for dinner and it was just as good. felt like I got a great value that way! I usually only drink regular ice tea but decided to try their mango iced tea and it was really good as well. When you look at their nutritional information, this is probably one of the lowest calorie etc. places you are going to find when eating out. I was impressed. Can't wait to go back! If you sign up online for their email "club" you will get a $5 off coupon as well!
4	Tried nearly everything on the menu and it's all delicious.
3	Love Hawaii. Lived on the North Shore. But, I've always been disappointed with island food. Islanders will eat anything.  All of that fresh, indigenous, tropical food and they eat junk meat.  This place is a little fresher than the real deal, no spam. Its just not different enough. I know that's not what they're trying to appeal to, but I always do my food reviews based on quality not taste or texture.
4	Enjoy rice bowls with a bit of flare; visit Rumbi Island Grill.    I have eaten here several time and always enjoy the beef rice bowl; ask for spicy and enjoy.   They have selections to satisfy most tastes.    Check them out.   Have a good meal at minimual cost.
4	Really solid-great rice bowls, fresh ingredients and nice sized portions. I am a big fan of the chicken teriaki bowl and the macaroni salad (can't miss when you make it with cavatappi) and it's a very clean open kitchen. Staff are pleasant and it's a visually appealing venue to sit and eat in. And grapefruit Jarritos on ice-nice as well!
4	Beautiful decor and delicious food. Great for a laid back night out or take out. Patio seating is perfect on nice nights. The color scheme and great posters make me miss Maui. The iced tea is amazing and the portions are huge, we always have leftovers. No matter what I get I love it. I'm partial to the chicken rice bowl with Hawaiian teriyaki sauce over Rumbi rice. The rice, beans, and coconut in the Rumbi rice is addicting, you've been warned. Just tried the luau pork for the first time too and loved it. The macaroni salad isn't completely what I like, too tart like normal mac salad and not plate lunch quality, but that's personal preference. Mama's tortilla soup is also incredible, a mix of spicy and savory with a hint of coconut milk. They're slow on weeknights when we're usually there, hopefully busier on the weekends, I'd hate for them to go anywhere.
4	We really enjoyed eating here when we lived in Phoenix.  On a recent trip back the family chose to eat it again.  Love the pork sandwich, the kids love the burgers and the chicken rice bowls.  The decor is fun and gives you an island feel.  The fries are excellent, including the sweet potatoe fries.  Wish we had one in Cali!
2	Salty Salty Salty and bland.  Not to mention, watching the employee eat out in the dining room, while obviously oogling at women as they walked by was a big thumbs down.  How tasteless.
3	Not a fan of this place. Only come for the yummy pulled pork plate & side rooster/sriracha sauce. Getting take out takes an eternity (even if you call your order in beforehand).
2	Usually love this place. Today I placed my order and it arrived at my table wrong. I politely asked that they fix it so they took it back to the kitchen, removed the mistake by hand, stirred the plate around a little bit and brought it back to me. I'm sorry that YOUR mistake could cut into your margins but that's not my fault. Next time if YOU screw up, please properly fix YOUR mistake!  P.s. $10 for a teriyaki bowl is too pricey!
5	I like this place more and more everytime I go. They send lots of email coupons for buy one get one free meals which makes it even tastier! I am updating because I had the sweet potatoe fries! They were amazing and I love the dipping sauce they bring for them. I always feel like I get my money worth here because the portions are so huge that I get two meals out of the bowls. I get to enjoy the meal again the next day for lunch! I tried the fish recently as well. It was good. I was trying to eat healthier so I gave it a go. The seasoning was really good and they let me get the coconut flavored rice and beans with it which is always very tasty.
5	They finally added my favorite item to the menu. The pineapple coconut curry bowl was a "special" item and they got rid of it for a few weeks and brought it right back on the main menu. It is delicious. Very good. The orange bowl with noodles is also very good. I highly recommend the sweet potato fries as well. The people working here are always friends. Can't wait till the weather cools down to sit out on the patio. Portions on everything are large and well worth the price.
5	Some of the best burgers you can find around. Hands down.I found this place out a year ago and go back when I can. Business seems to be picking up cause I now find it pretty busy during afternoons and evenings. This establishment totally deserves it too.I recommend the Kahuna burger or Rumbi burger. Both are amazing, and come with the secret "Rumbi" sauce.
5	Amazing burgers. Great teriyaki. To die for fries and a great atmosphere. Add to that a friendly staff and chill atmosphere you have a great place to have a meal!
4	Ok been coming here for years, very clean, comfortable, and a relaxing place to eat. You order before you sit down and they bring your meal out to your table. Rumbi's is an Island Themed Restaurant ... as is their menu.  The quality is a a giant step above fast food and the service is fast.  I mainly dine here at lunch but they are also open for dinner. No tips required which saves you money.You have to check this place out for yourself to "get the feel". Highly recommended.
4	Good fresh food at a decent pricefries are so-soChips and salsa good....sometimesThe tortilla soup is awesome and different, made with coconut milk. Sounds weird, but delicious.
3	Good place. Not sure I would call it Island food, unless you think anyplace that has water around it is an Island. It is a mix of Hawaiian and Polynesian food. The food was good and the staff friendly. I will try it again now that I now what to expect.
4	My husband and I went there on a lunch date yesterday and we liked it.  We used a mobile Entertainment coupon to get $5 off of $15.  No issues using the coupon as usual, unlike the couple places we've encountered where we did have issues.The food was good.  We both ordered rice bowls (full size), which runs about $8.50.  It contains rice, grilled veggies, a meat and a sauce.  My husband had white rice with chicken & steak, with a honey orange sauce.  I had the Luau Pork (like a pulled pork) with a Bali Island sauce and brown rice.We shared our food some and a large Coke between us.On Mondays & Tuesdays after 4:00 pm, kids eat free.  We'll have to try it.The ambiance is nice and tropical.  It was nice and cool inside, with some customers but not packed because we were having a late lunch (spent almost 2 hrs at DMV nearby).  The service was good, quick, and very friendly.The only issue I had, which might have been the sauce, is that about an hour later, I had really bad diarrhea.  I can't think of anything else that I ate that would've caused such sudden diarrhea or maybe my body wasn't tolerating the Coke.But, because the food was good, with great service, and the ability to use the Entertainment, we will come back again, even if we have no coupons.  However, if I get diarrhea again, no matter how great the food or service is, that will prevent us from going again.If you want quick Hawaiian food, this might be the place for you.  I want to try other dishes here.
4	I have this app on my phone that lists the places near you where kids eat free on specific days. It's usually full of sub-par diners, but when I saw Rumbi's listed, I had to jump on yelp to see what people had to say. Mixed reviews, so I took a quick peek at the menu, it sounded good, so we decided to check it out.The restaurant was fairly clean and a few other families were eating when we got there. We perused the menu longer than we usually do but we didn't feel in the way or rushed in any way. They have everything from rice and noodle bowls to burgers to sandwiches to seafood. It was hard to decide.I ordered the fish tacos and polished off the whole plate in no time. The order came with two tacos (type of fish not specified) and rice with beans. I seriously ate it so fast that I can't tell you what all was in it. Pretty sure the salsa was tomato, onion, pineapple, and cilantro. There may have been cabbage, and a jalapeno ranch type sauce. Don't quote me on it though. The rice and beans were really good and scented but I couldn't pinpoint the flavor. Very good though.Husband had the Kahuna burger (two patties, pineapple, swiss, typical burger toppings) with the Rumbi fries (regular and sweet potato). The burger fell apart as most doubles do. He really enjoyed it though. Kids had the chicken dippers and the orange-honey chicken bowl. I was surprised that both kids polished their food off since dinnertime can be somewhat of a battle.As we were finishing up it started to get busy so we got there at a good time (right before 6pm). I can't wait to go back.
4	I ordered the blackened salmon with Rumbi rice and sweet potato fries.  It was yummy!  My husband and kids liked their food too.  The staff was incredibly nice and I'll be going back!
5	Great place when we want something quicker and don't want a sit down place.  Be sure to get the Rumbi burger and make sure you get extra teriyaki sauce on the side. You're gonna want that teriyaki sauce. :)
5	Love this place!!! Its amazing, We like the Grilled Chk and Shrimp meal, The grilled Mahi Mahi Fish Dinner, The Rumbi rice is quite tasty too. We love the sweet potato fries and the yummy dipping sauce. Fresh cooked to order, tasty and a clean restaurant with friendly staff. A must try!!
1	I've never been to a restaurant where I spit the food back out. What I bought was a terriyaki chicken bowl with rice and noodles with veggies. It tasted like a boxed microwave diet dinner. Cubed chicken, frozen veggies, spaghetti noodles from a box id buy at the store, and sauce I could make ten times better in my own home. If a place can mess up such an easy dish, then it's poor quality. There's nothing Hawaiian about this place. The customer service was nice, but that's about it. Go to jack in the box for their terriyaki bowl to save money.
1	So I got a salad from here just now, and I ordered shrimp on the Caribbean Salad. Got my salad to-go and paid and extra $1.50 for the shrimp, get home to eat my salad and there are 7 tiny little pieces of dried out, over cooked shrimp. Why did I pay extra for that?!? Sucks too, because before this incident I really liked this place.
4	One of my favorite lunch destinations. Everything I've tried here is great, I'm surprised it's not busier than it is. We can usually get right in most any time. Their sweet potato fries are amazing and anything with their aioli sauce on it is to die for!Voodoo Chicken Salad... you rock!
4	My wife and I have eaten at the Val Vista and Baseline location probably 5 times over the past 12 months. The food is good and reasonbly priced. I usually get the Volcano Chicken Sandwich and my wife likes the Cabo Fish Tacos. Both are fantastic. The sweet potato fries are the best around and we love the dipping sauce. Most of the time the employees are very nice and the place seems to be clean. The food seems very fresh and we have never had a long wait. I would definitely recommend trying Rumbi's.
5	Just got in from FL. Here for three weeks, definitely coming back. Pork luau plate was heavenly, Mac salad was perfect. Rumbi island grill is #winning for your stomach and soul
5	We have been coming Rumbi for years.  It's what I call "slow fast food".  You go up to the counter and order your food.   They then give you a number to place on your table and they will bring it to you in 5-10 minutes.The rice bowls have a ton of food and I always have enough for lunch the next day.  I've also had their chicken sandwich....delicious!   They also have sweet potato fries which is always a plus in my book!   Their tropical salsa is homemade and fantastic!I would definitely recommend this place for lunch or dinner.  Mondays and Tuesdays are kids eat free.   A meal will run you around $10 and is well worth it!
5	For the kind of fast causal place that it is, it deserves 5 stars in that category. Fast and fantastic food!
5	You can't beat their sweet potato fries, best of anywhere I've been. I'm sad to see they took the Caribbean chicken salad off their menu. That was all I ever ordered. :(
4	I love this place!  Their Kalua Pork Sandwich is honestly better than any that I ever ate during my two month vacation in Hawaii.  Hawaii is known for their kalua pork.  I ate it all over the state during my time there.  On pizza, on sliders, on plates, on sandwiches . . . none of it as good as what Rumbi Grill serves.  I love the bbq sauce that accompanies it too.  A great sandwich!
4	I have always like Hawaiian food and these guys have really good food! There prices are good.  The atmosphere in the restaurant is very friendly and can be a good place for families and for dates.
5	Take out is much faster since my last review! Love their Rumbi Stamp card too - who doesn't love free food?!
