4	A good Starbucks to hang out. The WiFi is always up and the staff is friendly. While I love their coffee, I'm not a fan of the pastries. Next door is an Einsteins Bagels, and their pastries are pretty good. The seating is good indoors and outdoors.
4	I've been to about a dozen Starbucks in Las Vegas.  The large outdoor seating area is what makes this location my favorite.  Unlike most Starbucks (and other coffee shops around town) there is ample outdoor seating here.  You can have your choice of a spot in the sun, or in the shade of the surrounding trees and architecture.  It's especially pleasant to sit outdoors in the fall and spring months.The indoor seating area is also very nice, with a choice of table chairs or lounge chairs.  I have no complaints with the baristas, who are always friendly and prepare my caffe americano the way I like it.
4	This has to be one of the best Starbucks in the area.  There is a lot of seating outdoors when the temperature warrants.  The indoor seating area is a bit larger than most, bit it's the outside patio area where this Starbucks shines.The staff here has always been very good.  The quantity of food on hand is ample to meet their high demand. It's a pleasure to come here.There is no drive through.
4	Super friendly staff here.  But no drive through.  They sell the hot sandwiches, which I always appreciate.  They also have a customer of the month... which is a little embarrassing.  This month it's a dog.  I'm sure the dog is cool with being customer of the month.  But personally, if my name popped up on that sign, I'd be mortified.  Don't tell the world about my sugar/caffeine addiction!Summerlin folk seem to like to hang out here with their kids, so be prepared for that.  Also, it can get a little crowded - this is a popular spot, especially on the weekends.
4	This is a cool Starbucks , great atmosphere , tons of seating inside and out . Staff are fine , they remember my name and I only go once a week. They've got a dog bowl for Ozzy , wifi works , they pick up the old newspapers and clear the tables . No drive thru so when I'm starting a road trip with the family I do the Lake Mead / Rampart Starbucks. Very popular with local hot moms so dress nice guys!
4	Located in the heart of the original part of Summerlin, this Starbucks is one of my favorite locations.  Here's why:- They have a large outdoor seating area.  With plenty of outdoor seats, this location is great to hang out during the Spring & Fall seasons when the weather is awesome in Vegas.- FREE WiFi.  I know it's FREE at all Starbucks, but it's worth mentioning it anyway.- Good service.  The employees here are always friendly and get my order right every time.Overall, I always have a good experience here.Will I return?  You bet.
4	Best Starbucks in the USA!HUGE location, tons of outdoor seating, lots of indoor seating and tables.  The service is extra good, and quick at this Starbucks!  It's located in one of the nicest areas of Las Vegas, upscale clientele and nice looking girls (extra points given).  ;-)
5	My favorite Starbucks that  I have EVER been to. Drinks are made to perfection.This location is has super friendly service. The outdoor area is FABULOUS. It is so great that you can even bring your dog there. If you bring your dog, the staff brings them water.I look forward to returning here again and again.
5	I wish this place had a drive through- but service is always quick and pleasant so I don't mind going in. The outdoor area is so charming. They never get the drinks wrong.  I can't say enough good things about the service- in particular there is one dark-haired woman that is so sweet, she makes me smile every time I go in.
4	Pictures on my blog..This past Friday night I drove to Las Vegas for my goddaughter's first birthday party. Wow, I cannot believe it's been one year already. We totally rocked the house at Chuck E Cheese! While visiting I also stopped by my favorite Starbucks location in Summerlin for a walk down memory lane with my friend Brandy. I love this location because of the ample parking.. the familiar dog that has been going there for like 7 years, and all the other things near it.. plus, it's huge!
5	This is the Starbucks at the Hillpoint center that was practically set up for Summerlin residents only. It's really well hidden, and it closes really early unlike other locations. This is probably my favorite Starbucks in the world. The workers here are really nice and always complement the clothes I'm wearing.  Also, they really know how to make a good Latte. The Starbucks which is closer to my house also has friendly workers but the coffee always tastes like it was made by a new hire. The workers here are all world class when it comes to making the perfect coffee-beverage. I don't mind the extra 5 minute drive to get to this location on account of the great service. I also like the lineup of unusual dogs that the Summerlin residents always bring here. Sure, the dog owners bring those dogs to Starbucks in an attempt to attract the attention of young girls, but unfortunately for them they get my attention instead. Today I got to play with a Shiba Inu and yesterday I got to pet a St. Bernard.
5	This location has HANDS DOWN the best starbucks staff!  Friendly and remembers my drink & name.  Nobody compares to them.  Love it!
2	This has gone from being the best Starbucks in Las Vegas to one of the worst. The service tends to be on the rude side these days. They close extremely early. While most Starbucks close at 10, this place closes like at 7 or 8. There is never any tables open if you want to use the wifi. The same people loiter here all day long, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. My last drink here tasted like some guy  grabbed a stale cookie, crushed it in the palm of his hand, and dropped it into water mixed with chocolate syrup. It didn't even taste like coffee. There is no such thing as half n half here. It's so loud in here that you have to scream in order for the barista to hear you. It's so loud in here that you won't hear the barista scream your name when your drink is ready. There is a group  of middle-age men who sit outside with their puppies in order to get the attention of cutie-pie teenage girls. These guys have been doing this for so long that the puppies are now full grown dogs. Also remember how this is Summerlin so everyone acts like they are 11 years old. They will complain about every little thing. If you are standing in line, the guys behind you will constantly keep bitching about how they hate waiting in line. This happens at every Summerlin business I go to. Why are Summerlin folks so impatient? The parking lot in this particular area of the shopping center is very cramped. Either these people drive really bad or they are confused and think that this Starbucks has a drive-thru. I don't know how many times I narrowly avoided death in this parking lot.  These days I go to the Starbucks in Centennial near Floyd Lamb Park. The internet is much quicker, and they close at 10.
3	This could be a great Starbucks.  They sure have the potential:  great wi-fi, spacious interior, and the best patio space of any Starbucks for miles.  On this visit the staff was very friendly and helpful.  So why do I give it only three stars??BECAUSE THIS IS  VEGAS, BABY, AND THIS JOINT CLOSES AT 8:00 pm.  Make that on weekends, too.  Yeah, I know why, but I hardly believe it.  "Volume," said the guy at the register.  I was there at 7:45, and by the time my beans had been ground and I put all the stuff into my hot coffee, it was 8:00.  My "day" was just beginning.  The door wasn't yet locked, but a customer coming in was told the store was closed.  He left.  A minute later another one came in who was obviously a regular and known to the staff.  He was not told the store was closed, and proceeded to place a large order, which was filled.  As soon as he left, a third customer was turned away.  Okay, so maybe they're not lining up out the door at 8:00 p.m., but it was a weeknight and there WERE customers.  I just don't get it.  I can walk to this store, but noooooo.  If it's 8:15 and I my caffeine addiction kicks in, I have to get in the car and drive.  Or stay home and make it in my handy Melitta one-cup manual drip cone.  Double razzberry to this Starbucks location.  Howard Schultz, I could've loved it.
5	I just love having a nearby Starbucks!There is no drive-thru at this location They have an outdoor patio and the landscape around it has nice lush trees and plants which makes it nice to kick back with a book or magazine and sip on your fav beverage and or snack. I love the service here too. It is nice when you walk in and they know you by name. I'm sure if I didn't order 1 of 5 different things depending on my mood, they would remember what I wanted too!I long for when the Holidays arrive and the "Cranberry Bliss Bar" is on the menu! I stock up and buy the box of them :)Even if coffee isn't your thing, they still have teas and fruit smoothies. The "Green Tea" here is good. I usually go with the "White Chocolate Mocha" (like I did this last visit) or "Caramel Frappuccino" with extra caramel lined inside the cup!Don't forget to register your Starbucks card online to get freebies and earn rewards. I got a free coffee on my birthday and earn a star every time I purchase a coffee which helps towards my rewards.
5	Starbucks is all the same right? NOPE. Unfortunately if you find a location that is consistent and quick, commit! This one knows how to live up to the reputation with the neighborhood friendly customer service, they are quick and accurate, and why do their drinks taste better than other locations??! However this one doesn't have a drive thru and parking is limited or hike yourself from an open space.
4	This Starbucks is what my friend refers to as "The Pretty Starbucks".  It is in the Village Trails Center in Summerlin and has a very inviting, large patio.  Many people come sit on the patio with their dogs and just hang out.  Old, retired people come and shoot the ish with each other for hours out there.Inside, they are pretty busy, but very quick with their service.  Their food display is always stocked if you're looking for pastries or their warm sandwiches (hello bacon, egg, and gouda sandwich), which is nice because some Starbucks, especially the ones inside grocery stores, are severly lacking in their cafe food options.
5	My savior in the mornings, Being new to town I immediately sought out this nice corner spot!  What a great change from my old strip mall drive thru starbucks in the chicago suburbs, the atmosphere is cheery, the staff patient and so nice and the outside sitting area allows you to sit back relax and forget the hustle of everyday life. By far one of the best all around starbucks I have been to!
4	Lots of outdoor and indoor seating.  Decent selection of snacks and Starbucks coffee
2	I love Starbucks but this one is not so great. It's strange when there isn't a line and it's so LOUD that it's impossible to relax and/or get any homework done. It's always full of annoying kids. The only reason I keep going back is because it's literally 3 mins away from my place and the staff is super friendly and they usually do a good job making my coffee. They also have a nice outdoor seating area but I can never use it because it's usually too hot outside and lately it has been unusually cold. I really wish they had a drive-thru at this location!
4	This is one of the best Starbucks in town.  The service is always friendly and fast.  In the mornings around 7 am, I am in and out with my drink within 5 minutes or less.  The inside is smaller compared to other Starbucks with about 8 small tables.  The best part of this Starbucks though is the outside patio, where people hang out and relax.My only thing with this Starbucks is that around 10 am - 1 pm, all of the soccer moms with their army of kids like to visit at this time making the service a little slower.
5	I visit Summerlin a couple times a year for a week or so at a time and I go to this Sbux daily - they often remember my drink and my name even though I'm not local.  And they get both right every time!
4	Like many others I assume, I'm just trying the new "add a review" feature from the app. That being said, it's Starbucks. Always consistent and at a premium price.
5	I liked the friendly service and the customers were a happy bunch. In decent weather, sitting on the patio is the best. I only found this particulate Starbucks because I was receiving medical treatment nearby. As a result, I was always in some pain, not medicated, except by this above average coffee shop.
3	Gorgeous patio seating!!  Cashiers were very nice and thorough although it did take a hot minute for our drinks and we were first in line.
5	This is one of the most relaxing Starbucks that I visit. It busy here, but has a calm vibe. The coffee is great as always!
5	By far the best Starbucks in Las Vegas. Super friendly and upbeat staff. I love grabbing a coffee and reading a book here on my lunch break. The staff is superb. Excellent service. Johnny is the best!!
4	The service here as always been prompt and the drinks were made appropriately. What I like about this location is the outdoor patio. The store is located on the corner with the patio out front surrounding the store. So there is a wide view with a lot of trees and greenery. The intersection is right there but it's not that busy. It's nice to sit outside here.
5	Most Starbucks are marked with good quality drinks, snacks, and pastries. This locale in the Village Center definitely possesses such trusted qualities! What could set a Starbucks locale apart are (1) interior/exterior space, (2) adequacy and staffing; (3) maintenance of restrooms; (4) availability of drive-thru service. UPDATE:  -  In recent weeks, this locale has undergone a complete face lift, inside and out! The interior looks more spacious and comfy (see pic). Its outdoor is even more stylish and charming, with added long COUCHES!  (see pic)    :-) I absolutely love its newly renovated, ATTRACTIVE, TIERED, SPACIOUS PATIOS, which are wheelchair friendly, too. This place always has adequate, efficient, friendly, and PATIENT baristas. I have been coming over here for years, and I always find its men's room CLEAN and WELL MAINTAINED - a BIG Plus! This point is important to me, because baristas use the SAME restrooms. One can imagine, if...By the way, this place is conveniently located near the Summerlin library, the newly opened Cracked Eggs, the Village Trail Park and baseball fields, Vons, eateries, and many other businesses.The only drawback (to some) might be its lack of drive-thru service, although it does not bother me, because I rather sit in its charming lounge or patios, enjoying my dark roast and pastries...!  :-) Updated October 2014
5	Johnny was amazing, greets you at the door by name and already knows what you want... Exceptional. Also Jean is amazing always smiling and delightful
2	Starbucks is Starbucks.  I find it caffeine level too high so I only stop in when I really need a fix.  to me.  Is it just me or do their espresso drinks kind of always taste like the beans are burnt?  I wish there were a LOT more illy cafe's... but then I would be bigger and my wallet would be thinner!
5	I love this location! Double points for being walking distance from our condo. With a huge patio this Starbucks is our go to coffee shop. Their baristas are always so pleasant and upbeat.
