2	My heater went out and our landlord's maintenance plan sent out this company to take a look. The technician that showed up was very friendly and immediately found out that our thermostat was not wired correctly. He gave me a bunch of tips for heating and cooling our place efficiently. The heater was running so I headed off to work thinking the problem had been fixed. I came home for lunch and the house was colder than when I left and the heater was still running. I called him immediately and he said he was on a job and would call me right back. I waited.... I called again the next morning and left him a message. THREE days later he called my cell and told me he was at my front door. I had no notice that he was coming so I was not home. Too little too late. Turns out the entire heating unit has to be replaced...
1	I have had this guy out to my house twice for the same problem and he can't seem to get it right. Not only that but he is terrible at returning calls. I was given his number by my home warranty company and the first time he was super nice and friendly, but the second time be came back I had to call him 3 times to get scheduled and he claimed he never received my initial message which would have covered the repair under warranty since it was within the 30 days of the first repair. I dont trust this guy and will not have him out again!
5	The technician was super friendly and seemed very knowledgeable.  He got to the bottom of things in a few minutes whereas others had bumbled around and given me the run around.  He spent all the time needed to thoroughly explain everything to me.I also had my handyman over, who is very knowledgeable with a lot of mechanical things, and he was very impressed with the guy as well.  I definitely feel comfortable with this guy being upfront and honest with me.
1	Appointment set for today - this awesome company didn't show up and didn't call.  Didn't even return my voicemail.  Wasted half a day waiting - move on to someone else if you need a trustworthy company.
5	What a wonderfully educated air conditioning technician!? David works super hard! Now this is small business at its best. He came to my mother's home to fix her air conditioning and he really knows his trade. The only downfall is that he works alone and sometimes works in areas where he does not get cell phone coverage; hence, he is sometimes difficult to contact. Anyone who promotes saving energy gets an A+ in my book. Even I, a sustainability guru, learned energy conservation tips from him. Try him out so he can create some more jobs in Arizona by hiring a team of technicians and a secretary to make sure he doesn't overbook. SUPPORT LOCAL BIZ! =]
1	This company does not return calls and does not fix the issue in a prompt manner. I wish I never called this company. Save your time and call someone else. Terrible customer service.
5	This guy is wonderful. He fixed my AC after another company had been out 4 times and had charged my over 1000.00. He fixed the problem in the attic in the summer heat when the other company wouldn't go near the attice. I appreciate everything Dave has done.
1	Got connected to this company through home warranty company.  A/C stopped working in July in AZ.  Pretty much all of the negative reviews are spot on.  He doesn't return calls, says he is going to do something and then doesn't do it and then tells me that  my coils are dirty and home warranty wont cover it.  How could he determine that without even climbing up in the attic and looking at it.  He would clean them for me, though, for 900 bucks a unit.  Are you kidding me?  This is not a complex repair / project.  In any event, I would not recommend this company at all.  There are way too many other companies out there to "settle" for this dog.
3	Everyone is right. I've had both great service and poor service. David is very friendly and does a good job when he comes. However, he does a poor job returning calls. And he did stop by without going into the attic and assumed the issue was with my dirty filters and thought the units had "froze out"  He had to return the next day and fix the actual problem. I have received great service from him and he has never tried to rip me off or do excessive unwarranted work. I think what happened is he got too busy for his own good. When he initially serviced my place, he returned calls, came on time and did great work. As they got increasingly busy, the level of service dropped. Still in terms of being honest and ethical, David is definitely a stand up guy. However, he needs to be more professional and return calls and communicate better. That being said, I don't know many honest and ethical HVAC guys. I would still use and recommend Sweet Mountain Air because at least you know you won't get ripped off even if he doesn't return calls or show up on time.
5	David at Sweet Mountain Air called me promptly on my problem and met his commitment on the appointment time.  He correctly diagnosed the problem (seized up compressor), contacted the home warranty company and his crew installed the new compressor two days later.  They cleaned up after themselves very well and the unit is working perfectly.  This is the 2nd repair that SMA performed for us and I was fully satisfied both times.
1	If I could give a 0 star review I would. Our A/C went out on Saturday night so our home warranty company assigned this company to us. We were told someone would contact us within 20 minutes to get someone out to fix our unit "First" thing Sunday morning. Contacted home warranty company again on Sunday morning around 9:00 and were told they would call again to get someone out. Waited till almost 3:00 and ended up calling a company that actually cares about customers. Do Not use this company and I suggest they change the name from Sweet Mountain Air to Putrid Swamp Gas because they STINK
5	I could not ask for more.He called promptly after the warranty company called him.  The appointment was for the same day.  He called when he was running early to see if he could get here ahead of time (of course!).He found the problem very quickly, had the motor on his truck and got it resolved very quickly.  He also helped with some additional questions and concerns on the system at no additional cost.And now the system is working very well.  Based on my experience, I definitely would recommend David Sweet and Sweet Mountain Air.
1	The owner of this business called My towing company out for his service truck. When we drove 15 miles out to meet him at a specific address. When we arrived, there was already another tow truck there hooking him up! He had actually called multiple services there to see which one would get there the quickest.   When I called him to confront him about it he was totally unremorseful. His excuse was that he was in a hurry and he needed to get his truck towed by any means necessary. I thanked him for wasting my time and money and he gave me a sarcastic remark back. If this guy was willing to waste the money it takes in fuel and time to run a business like mine think of  how bad he would treat a customer. Based on the other reviews of this guy on yelp it doesn't take that much of an imagination.
