4	Made the mistake of not making reservations for two nights at the HOJO right up the street.  Turned out to be for the best and wished we would have stayed here both nights.We are pretty easy going travelers and don't require much out of a room. Just a clean place to lay our heads is fine.  So, the small kitchenette and full size refrigerator in a room that was $10 less than the previous nights stay was a pleasant surprise.The only downside was that the pool looked on the verge of going green, and not in the Eco-friendly sense.
4	Well, we moved here from Colorado after putting our entire household in storage and have stayed at the Extended Stay in Scottsdale for an entire year now. Relocating sight-unseen was a bit unsettling but I will say that the folks here have treated us like family. We were in a single room for the first 10 months or so but recently moved into a suite that is absolutely perfect for us. We are right near the pool and we love the quiet safety that we feel every night that we come 'home.' The front desk staff are friendly and courteous, each and every time that we speak with them. They recently started serving little breakfasts every morning and the kiddos love the muffins and fruit! The beds are extremely comfortable, the housekeepers are some of the nicest folks we've ever met, and we cannot say enough about the very generous rates they give us frequent fliers! The grandparents even visited from California for Mother's Day and the staff were very, very kind to them, as well. We will eventually be moving into a home of our own but I cannot say enough kind things about this specific property. If you are looking for a quality hotel at a very reasonable price, there are many out there to choose from; however, it is the quality and kindness of the staff that have made this transition in our lives very, very sweet to come home to!
1	Our room was filthy dirty.  Drains would not run in the bathroom and dust and dirt in every corner.  Some kind of disaster had wrecked the bathroom (hair dye?) and the toilet seat was falling off.  A shame too, because the staff was very nice and the beds OK.  Well located and cheap for Scottsdale, but next time, i will pay the extra $ for a place that does housekeeping.
1	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights.  Quite shocked this company is a billion dollar enterprise with the treatment I received during my unexpected horrifying experience.  I arrived at 5 am to check in and there was only one staff member present who's job duty was to wash laundry.  It took 2 hours to check in as the newly hired gentlemen was overly stressed as he was trying so hard to check me in, but was having problems because I purchased the room via PriceLine.  After the long check in it got more interesting as I grabbed my luggage and hauled it upstairs as there were no elevators present. Once I arrived to my room I was stunned, I had entered a room that was already occupied and was shocked as myself and the guests were scared out of our minds.  I went back down to the front desk to tell the staff and they had 1 more room left. Yes it was a smoking room that filled every piece of my clothing and luggage with the smell of cigarettes.  By the time I got into my actual room it had been nearly 3 hours, which prevented me from any sleep before my 11 am meeting. The trip got even more interesting on my last night. At 6 AM in the morning I was awoken by the ring of the hotel phone. It was the Manager asking me if the staff along with 2 contractors could come into the room because there was a flood that occurred because a man upstairs from me purposely let the bathtub overflow. I was awoken by the staff as they entered my room as I am sitting in my boxers. They pointed the moisture gun and indicated the flood did go through the walls and damaged my room.  I realized my laptop had been placed on the floor next to my bed and had been soaked with water on the bottom.  I pushed power and was alarmed as my computer failed to start.  I spoke with the manager and she was very kind and obviously reimbursed me for my stay and told me that the insurance would cover my computer. 2 weeks later, I received a call from AIG their insurance provider and they denied my claim even with pictures of that documented the horror.  I was shocked after I received the news and quickly got on the phone with corporate.  THEY DID NOTHING FOR ME! I got no sleep and lost my most valuable asset to my business. I hope the company can rectify the situation as it would be the smart thing to do. I will give an update to see if they handle my situation properly! Edward Anderson
2	Stayed here for about a month during an extended business trip. Will not stay at this location again. The rooms are tiny, much smaller than other extended stay's I have been at in the past. The kitchen might as well be non-existent. Microwave wouldn't heat up a frozen dinner. Refrigerator was leaking water from somewhere in the freezer down into the cold foods area, which wasn't even big enough to put a large pizza box in. Shower curtain might as well be an old bed sheet that blew into you as you showered. I purchased the premium internet package for business, but neither my phone not my computer would connect for 1/3 of the time I was there. Had to call Tech Support 4 times (about once a week) to talk to then for 15 mins until they got the problem "resolved". WORD OF CAUTION: I encountered several people who booked thru travel sites like Priceline. Be forewarned, most of the rooms Priceline books are smoking rooms, even if you request a non-smoking room. If it is a busy time, they won't be able to move you to a non-smoking room. On a positive note, the staff was friendly. I won't be staying at this particular Extended Stay America again.
1	First off I didn't even stay here. Checked in and checked out my room that hadn't been cleaned after someone had a drug and alcohol binge and left a mess. Changed rooms and the new room had a mess (feces) next to the toilet on the wall and the bed had pubic hair and a USED CONDOM in the sheets. I left after this demanding my money back which the manager on duty (night guy) couldn't give. Needless to say I won't be back. Maybe I had the worst two rooms ever and all the rest are amazing but I had a very nice stay at the valley ho (much more $) and it was worth it.
1	Stayed from 3/19/2014-3/23/2014This hotel doesn't even rate a star; in fact it should get negative stars.  My bathtub hadn't been cleaned in my room and was full of hair and soap scum.  I moved rooms and in that one the garbage hadn't been emptied and the sink in the kitchen spewed water all over due to a leak.  My friends' room had toilet issues and the tank leaked twice all over the floor.  When we checked in everyone was complaining that the hot water wasn't working and the maintenance guy worked all night to get it back.  It's very expensive for what you get which is a hotel that is so run down that everything is broken; you can't be sure your room is clean and people complained of noise when some revelers came in at 2:30 in the morning.  I would be better off sleeping in the car.  At least it was cheaper!
1	Girl at desk was friendly, room smelled, otherwise was your base price room  Free wifi, NONEXISTANT!  I am uploading tested wifi speeds. Yes that is right , it is .5 mgs a second! There are no longer dishes in the room , you have to ask for them, they come in a huge tub, lets hope you are strong. Making your "kitchen" useless .  They no longer do wake up calls.
