5	My friend and I wanted to try Brazilian waxes (reasons for this are all over the place) and we searched for a place that was close to our university and that was also reasonably priced.  We found Miss T's on Walnut Street which is a short bus ride away from our residence.  We could walk there if need be.  Since the place opened only last month, we were wary about going there for such an intense wax, but the pictures on her website looked clean and inviting.  We walked in and the place was very small and looked like the pictures.  I can see why you would need an appointment.  However, Miss T greeted us both with a smile and showed us around the place.  I waited outside while my friend was getting waxed on a bench where there were magazines for me to read to keep me occupied.   After she finished my friend, it was my turn.  I walked in and she gave me clear instructions on what to do as she prepared the materials.  Because the wax is a very intimate and revealing one, the ambiance of the place was very cool and comfortable, and she played some classical music in the background to make it less awkward.  The bench/chair/bed I laid on was also very comfortable.  Miss T was very professional, making small talk and walking me through the experience.  I did not feel bad, awkward, or uncomfortable at all, and even though the experience was painful, she did all she could in order to make it as comfortable as possible.  She used several types of wax in order to get all of the hair off depending on the place she was waxing.  I could tell that she was very experienced.  She even waxed some of my stomach and the backs of my legs in addition to the standard Brazilian.The place is also reasonably priced.  I got a Brazilian wax for 65 dollars, when some Brazilians can be over 80 dollars for the same quality.   The rest of the services are also reasonably priced, with eyebrows only being 10 dollars.  She will wax literally every part of your body if you need it.  Overall, I really enjoyed my first experience waxing and I would definitely go there again.  Miss T was extremely friendly and kind and I can tell that she did a very thorough job with the wax.  She also does a variety of other services with waxing and nail care, as well as facials.  This is very cute and comfortable place, but you will have to wait awhile if you go with a group because it is small.  However, if you want a nice spa day with maybe one friend or just by yourself, go to Miss T's, because its worth it.  I felt like a million bucks walking out the door.  :)
5	I saw the sign for this new place when I was walking on Walnut St and decided to make an appt. I got waxing. Super clean- which is of course so important! The owner did a great job- quick and painless. Great service! And really enjoyed the ambiance! Highly recommend this place and will be going back soon
5	I love this place! The atmosphere is really relaxing and tranquil, almost therapeutic. The owner, Tu is really great at waxing, and she is very sweet and welcoming. I went there to get my lip waxed and it was very painless and quick. Even afterward I didn't feel any irritation :) She also does nails and eye lash extensions! I will definitely be back!
5	been going to tu for a few months now for eyelash extensions and brow arch waxes. really sweet woman, who does a wonderful job. the place is always so relaxing and smells great. very clean. very professional. tu does a wonderful job with my lashes (which is a 1-2 hour long process!) and she remembers some of the things i have issues with when i get the lashes. for example, my eyes are a little sensitive to the glue, so she bought eye rinse just in case. i come in every two weeks to do the brows and lashes, but once i came in after only one week because i knew i'd be going on vacation and wanted to fill my lashes. even though i didn't pay or ask, she fixed up my brows, too. it was really nice of her! i always fall asleep when she does my lashes, ha, and she lets me just relax and rest. great service and high quality job every time.
5	Tu is fantastic. The manicure (not shellac) that I received is still on 3 days later and that is a record for me. Most manicures chip the day I get them. The waxing was painless and Tu is an expert, which is hard to find in this city. I will be back!
5	I am so happy I found this business on Yelp! I went here for my first brazillian wax and an arm wax. I was pretty nervous because I had never had the brazillian before; and I had read / heard horror stories about them. Her place of business is so private, quaint, and clean! Tu (Miss T) is wonderful. You know she cares about her job and about her clientel. She is super fast at waxing. She was so fast that a lot of the waxing didn't hurt as much as it probably would have other wise. When I left I made another appointment. I WILL be going back, her prices are amazing and the service is great.
5	I went here for my first ever Brazilian Wax. Of course, I was nervous! I took two ibuprofen about 45 minutes before my appointment. Tu (Miss T) was able to book an appointment for me the same week I contacted her, which is always a plus for me. The wax job was fast, and we chit chatted while she went about with the waxing. I love the fact that this is local business, and that there is only Tu does the work. No worries about getting someone good one time, and someone bad another time, like you might get at a bigger salon. I really like the money saving option for Brazilian waxes. After the initial $65 visit, if you go once a month, you save $10 each time, making the wax only $55! That's a great deal.
5	Tu, the owner of Miss T's Beauty Lounge, is the best waxer in Pittsburgh; trust me,  I am VERY particular when it comes to waxing. She is located in the heart of Shadyside on Walnut Street (near Henne Jewelers). She is very thorough, and I never feel rushed while I am receiving services. One of the best things about Tu? She is open on Sundays. How perfect is that for those of us who work all week, and can't attend to all of our errands on Saturdays :)If you are looking for someone who consistently does a great job with waxing and facials, definitely schedule a visit. You will love it there.
5	Update: I have since had my very first Brazilian wax here. It was pretty scary and painful, but Tu does such a wonderful job all the time. I went back for a second Brazilian wax. And I'll be going back for a third next week. And probably continue this pattern for awhile! I have been recommending her to all my friends. Also, she has since expanded her space!
5	I can't say enough about Miss T's! This was my first time getting a professional Brazilian (I'd tried it myself first) and and an under arm waxing. Tu did a fantastic job. Not only does she work fast (I was in and out in less than an hour), but she's so pleasant that any pain that you experience is easily minimized by her friendly demeanor and conversation.The shop itself is so quaint that you're easily put at ease by the atmosphere. Since it's located right on Walnut Street in Shadyside, you have plenty of shopping options (Coach, Chico's, the Apple Store) should you arrive early!
5	Miss T does a wonderful job with Brazilian waxing!  I am on her monthly deal which decreases the rate to a low $55/month.  Amazing for the detailed service she performs.  She is very flexible with working me into her schedule and she is so good at the process that she makes it almost painless.  No double dipping here!  She is very professional and her location is easy to find and very clean.  I will be going to her as long as I am in Pittsburgh!
5	I just moved here and I have found my go to lady for waxing!!!  Her lounge is clean, professional and most of all private.  I didn't feel like she was rushing through the waxing and I will most certainly 100% return.
5	I might be a masochist because I'll definitely be back to this place, lol. This was my first wax ever and I had the underarm wax service for $25. The service was done very quickly-- I was literally in and out within 20 minutes.I took an ibuprofen about 15 minutes before and I'm not sure if it did anything because it definitely hurt! But honestly you get used to it and it's so quick that before you have a chance to cry you're out the door :-) That said, I'll definitely be back, thanks Tu!
1	I went to Miss T's on the basis of all of the wonderful reviews here at Yelp.  She was very personable and made the waxing process as socially comfortable as is possible.  I saw her regularly for bikini waxing for several months before noticing that she consistently double-dipped her sticks into the wax.  More disturbing was her use of a kind of roll-on wax applicator that I've never seen in another salon and which didn't appear to ever be cleaned.  Once I noticed these things, I resolved to find another aesthetician ASAP, but before I knew it four weeks had gone by and I didn't have time to research another salon.BIG mistake.  Never go back to a place once your intuition says "stay away".  Two days after that final appointment, I developed ring worm in the waxed area.  Needless to say: NOT ok.  After that experience, I've taken to waxing myself.  Cheaper and safer.  Would not recommend until/unless Miss T can take on the greater expense of maintaining  gold standard hygienic practices.
5	The best spa! Perfect wax! Terrific manicures and pedicures!
5	I love this place! I went here for my eye-lash extensions. She is very caring and did a very nice job on my lashes. I would definitely recommend people to go here! Professional and friendly.
5	I never write reviews but after reading Dani's 1 star rating I couldn't sit idly by.I've seen Tu probably 7 or 8 times so far for brazilian, leg, lip, and brow waxes. Not only is she personable and amazing at putting you at ease, like Dani mentioned, but she is efficient and keeps her salon spotless. I have never seen her double dip, in fact we've had conversations during which she mentioned hating the idea of double dipping. If you are looking for a relaxing environment and fantastic service then Miss T's Beauty Lounge is the place for you!
5	I have been a customer of Miss Ts since she opened. I have "been waxed" for decades. I recently moved here from LA and have been to salons in Malibu, beverly hills and Santa Monica. I have never seen a cleaner salon. Its spotless. Not only is Dani an outlier, one has to question why she waited four months to write the review.
5	Ms. T is great! She uses hard wax for Brazilian's, which makes all the difference. She is really sweet and her salon is immaculate. I have been to her salon about 7 times total and have enjoyed a manicure, pedicure, eyebrow and bikini waxing. I would def recommend.
3	Though I thoroughly enjoyed the reduced rate of $55/month for going monthly for Brazilian waxes, I am ending my relationship with Miss T for Judit Spa instead.  Miss T is still awesome, but she is a stickler for the monthly rate being exactly within 4 weeks.  She went on vacation and did not return before it was time for my 4 weeks to end and I was "penalized" for this with the standard rate again.I typically have to wait all the way until the end of the 4th week for an appt as my hair simply is not long enough for waxing until then and is still very sparse.  Sadly, it left a bad taste in my month about her still charging the standard rate for being 4 weeks and one or two days over as this could happen with schedule changes.  System just doesn't work for me anymore and Judit charges $60 regardless of whether you go monthly or 4 weeks and three days or yearly or whenever.  Much better for me overall in terms of cost effectiveness and Judit is just as fast, clean, and painless.  Did I mention parking is MUCH easier than shadyside where Miss T resides?  Moving on..................
5	Today I had my first "experience" at Miss T's beauty Lounge for a shellac manicure, and I already have my follow up appointment-- not only because my nails look AMAZING, but this beauty lounge  is relaxing (it is indeed a lounge-with fluffy, feminine and very tasteful furniture and decor) and NO annoying florescent lights or people yelling from across the room. The prices are also reasonable. The women that run this business are very sweet and try to satisfy your beauty needs 100%! This is a clean, cozy lovely little boutique-style salon--and the women who work there are lovely as well!
5	Since my last review, Tu has officially become the only person I go to for Brazilian and eyebrow waxes. I see her twice a month. The reasons I keep coming back are: she has incredibly accommodating hours, she's flexible with her services (ex: only booked Brazilian wax but need eyebrow touch-up), and she really gives the most professional services I have ever received. She also doesn't charge anything unnecessarily. For example, my eyebrows don't grow very fast and sometimes I think I need them done. She will look and them and say they don't need waxed and then touch them up for me (no charge). That's the kind of care and effort that keeps me coming back because I know she's not trying to rip anyone off. Her expanded space is beautiful and allows her to expand her clientele. She has another woman working with her now that does nails. I have yet to visit her, but I am sure that the service is top notch because Tu would never risk the quality of her business. Lastly, as a brief note, Tu's old space is now taken by Jenine Matus, who gives the best massage I have ever had! (Recommended by Tu herself!). Her massage was so good that I canceled my membership at my regular massage place. If you haven't had a chance to check out my two favorite women on Walnut St, do yourself a favor and go get pampered!!
5	I went here for the first time last weekend for a Brazilian wax (also my first) and I was slightly terrified. The salon was clean and very private, which is a huge positive in my opinion. While painful, the wax wasn't as bad as I was expecting and the results were great. I will definitely be coming back. Tu was very professional and the room and tools were very clean and organized. This will never be my favorite thing to do, but the salon definitely makes it the best experience it can be.
5	I have had Brazilian and facial waxes at many other places in the past, and I keep consistently coming back here because Ms. Tu is the best! Been going here for almost a year now. She is warm, personable, and takes careful time and dedication to my needs. I had recently read other reviews and was surprised to hear the stories- Ms. Tu does not double dip. She does have a roll on wax and changes the applicator after each session. I work in the healthcare field, so I am BIG on hygiene and cleanliness. The office space is great. She got flexible hours too! I highly recommend her!
4	I went to Miss T's for the first time today and got a french shellac mani with a regular pedi. First of all, this place is absolutely adorable. The pretty furniture and decor creates a lovely atmosphere, and it was rather relaxing. Pink was very sweet and took her time. I loved my pedi, but was not entirely thrilled with the french manicure. Even after I pointed out that you could see through the white tips, there didn't seem to be anything she was able to do to fix it. Overall, I had a very nice experience.. but I was hoping to be a little more impressed with the result considering the price.
5	Miss T truly cares about her clients.  As mentioned previously, the scheduling was a bit of a challenge to work well for me.  She communicated with me and we came up with a solution that works for us both.  I LOVE going to Miss T and have never once had anything less than outstanding, thorough service.  As I am in healthcare, I am also a stickler for having things nice and sanitary - and no, she never double dips.  I appreciated that she takes the time to listen to clients and work with them to continue the relationship.  Looking forward to my next appointment with her!
5	Quick, professional, pleasant. They fit me in for a quickie pedicure and even after I was late due to traffic were still incredibly accommodating and nice. Customer service is not sacrificed for speed, and couples with the atmosphere for a great experience overall. I would recommend this salon to anyone and will definitely be going back.
5	I had my first brazilian wax at Miss T's and she was absolutely wonderful. Her place is on the third floor of an apartment building in the heart of shadyside and has a 'small business charm' to it. Her lounge is immaculately clean with very tasteful furniture. I was extremely nervous for my first waxing experience, but Tu made me feel comfortable and did an amazing job. Not to mention she was quick! She also uses the hardening wax which is much less painful than other waxing methods. I will definitely be going back!
5	I first started coming to Tu in the beginning of this year. I am from California and needed to find a new place to get regular brazilian and eyebrow waxes. She is very flexible when it comes to making appointments and she was even able to get me in within 15 minutes of me calling her one of the time. She is very courteous, sweet and professional. She is the only person whom I will be going to for waxing while I am still here in Pittsburgh.
5	I recently moved from NYC to Pittsburgh and was nervous about finding someone new to do my Brazilian Bikini wax. I'd been seeing my same lady in NYC for five years, following her to various salons in NYC because I trusted her so much and had heard such horror stories about waxes-gone-wrong. After reading a lot of great reviews on Yelp for Miss T's Beauty Lounge, I contacted Tu to schedule an appointment. She accepts appointments over email, which is amazing because I can make an appointment in privacy without having to do it over the phone. The experience at Miss T's was unbelievable. She uses a waxing method that I'd never experienced before but that was so much less-painful than what I had grown used to with the traditional strip waxing. I was also far-less sore afterward and experience less recovery time than I was previously used to. The salon is super clean and the really relaxing and everyone I interacted with, including Tu who did my wax, was super friendly and welcoming. I will be going back to Miss T's for all of my waxing needs.
5	Tu is wonderful! I'd highly recommend scheduling an appointment versus walk-in (I'm not even sure if that is an option), her place is on the third floor of a secured building. I've always scheduled my appointments via email and she is quick to reply. When you go for the first time, do know that not only do you need to be buzzed into the building but you also will be waiting outside her office in the hallway until she is ready for you. Tu talks to you during the waxing and makes you feel comfortable throughout. You can be out of there in less than 20 mins. Note the wax she uses isn't the kind where you put on and can peel it off sans strips - I think she uses soft wax for proper terminology. Also she accepts credit card and you can put tip on there. If you are a frequent customer she will also give a discount.
5	As a one time visitor to the place I was treated like a regular. My spa pedicure and manicure were the best I've ever had. Even though I was twenty minutes late, the ladies were attentive and made my morning a more relaxing one.
5	Miss T's is an absolutely wonderful boutique. I texted Tu at 6 pm and she got me in that same evening for lip/brow/arms wax. Everything was high quality and well done, and all in a really comfortable and personal environment. Tu was super timely, warm, trustworthy, and just plain lovely to chat with. She gives you her full attention. Plus, the place was adorable and decorated super chic, I felt relaxed right away. Highly highly recommend if you want to a charming boutique experience at an competitive rate.
5	I am very very particular (aka obsessively picky) about waxing and I am so blessed that Tu is here in Pittsburgh! After I moved here from Boston, I tried European Wax Center a few times but ended up just waxing everything they had missed when I got home. I tried out Tu's because of her phenomenal reviews, and everything is true. She is the BEST, and her prices are half of what I spent in Boston. The woman knows what she's doing and she's good at it. I have been seeing her for over a year, now, and she is always super sweet, super thorough, and makes it as painless as possible. Yes, she uses a variety of different types of waxes depending on the area/type of hair you're getting waxed. I LIKE THIS because it means better results in the end. In the past, I went to a wonderful aesthetician in Boston who SWORE by hard wax only. I believe Tu uses hard wax, as well, depending on what she's waxing. Honestly, we're so busy chatting the whole time I don't obsessively pay attention. In my personal experience, I get better results and no more skin irritation with the technique that Tu uses. If you'd like to compare to my previous aesthetician, she's on yelp too: Skin Care Studio by Irina (also wonderful if you're ever in the Boston area). http://www.yelp.com/biz/skin-care-studio-by-irina-brookline-3In reply to the couple of negative review I've read... (which are ridiculous)...Yes, Tu's is inside a building with other businesses/apartments that you ring a code to enter. Yes, you have to climb up 2 flights of stairs. If this is a deal breaker for you, you probably shouldn't be going there, anyway. Once inside it has a very cozy spa feeling to it. Very professional, very clean, cozy furniture, relaxing music, etc. The reason she can see people by appointment only is because she and her assistant ARE the business. It's not like your typical nail salon with 10 chairs set up. It is very personal and client centered. However, Tu does her best to accommodate people (even last minute), and I've NEVER had trouble making appointments. I LOVE how Tu allows you to make appointments by text messages once you become a customer, too. I just text her my availability, ask if she has any cancellations or openings, and to please let me know. Bam. Done. Brilliant. But don't go see her because then I'll never be able to get in haha :)
5	Amazing job on my brows. Traveling for work I've had some bad brow encounters lately and they did a great job to clean them up and also help reshape the damage. Fast, pretty pain free, cute studio! Fantastic!
5	Miss T's Beauty lounge was amazing. I tried to give myself a brazilian wax the day before my appointment and I made nothing short of a mess. I hopped on Yelp and discovered this beauty lounge and when I called Miss T gave me tips on how to undo the mess I made and also scheduled my apt. I got a Brazilian wax for the first time there in October and she made me feel very comfortable and talked to me through the whole process. She is very friendly and considerate . The beauty lounge is clean and comfortable ! I will definitely be going back for future waxes.
5	Just went to Miss T's for the first time for a Brazilian and brow wax and am thrilled to have found Tu!  She is amazing - fast, courteous and really thorough! I love that she uses hard wax! I also love the location and setting - I can't recommend her enough!
5	I finished my first semester of graduate school and wanted to treat myself to a manicure. I checked groupon, but the salons had low ratings. So I checked out the highest rated nail salons on Yelp and found Miss T's Beauty Lounge. It had 5 stars, plenty of reviews, and the owner replied positively to many of them. I made an appointment ASAP. They offer a variety of services, but I will only talk about the manicure. There is a basic "mini mani" and then you can add on a massage, and then you can add on a paraffin dip. I thought j should just keep it simple with the mini mani.The location is on the corner of bellefonte and walnut. You have to be buzzed in the front door, then walk up two flights to the door of the shop. When it is opened for you, you're hot with aromas of lavendar and chamomile. The salon looks like it was once a charming apartment. I was escorted into a "living room" and sat down at a small vanity in a cushy comfy chair. Angel, my manicurist, worked diligently and with precision on my mini manicure. She paid close attention to the details and worked gently on my cuticles.Overall, the facility was clean, comfortable, and relaxing. The women working were incredibly professional and skilled. I will be scheduling an eyebrow wax soon and will update my review on that service. I can't wait to return!
5	I absolutely loved my nails! Miss T's salon is very personable. Love the atmosphere they created.
5	Been there 2 times in 10 days, and love it!The waxing is painless, quick and efficient, miss T does a good job.Pink does the manis and pedis. I got a gel manicure, and I think she did a great job. In the end she gave me a nice hand massage with a sweet smelling cream.The ambiance is great, I love the way she has decorated the place up. They are very cordial and friendly, and it is a place one would wish to go back again.
