3	On my day long field trip by myself on foot, I stopped in here with ridiculous expectations....I wanted to see damn near world largest collection of skull related paraphernalia...soooo disappointed. Basically it is skull art they will put on clothing for you, skull jewelry (and I mean BLING), day of the dead stuff, and if you're into this and pay the right price, custom guitar designs.I was less than impressed.I wanted to see everything, shoes, scarfs, gloves, eyeglasses, shot glasses, mugs...and not just like one type of each of those...it seemed so one-note, like one type of skull featured on everything. At least if Im gonna hang a skull poster in my room its gonna have to say Slayer on it or something.
5	Holy Fuck Fire...this store is dope!Finally went in to check them out and wow, I wanted everything in the store that I saw! They have some of the coolest things, jewelry, clothing, belts, dolls, figurines, guitars, art, hats, t-shirts, earrings, belt buckles, purses, swords.Wow I went in at the right time as their friend Lita Ford stopped by while in town for a performance at Red Rock Hotel and Casino. She is an Amazing woman, I got my picture taken with her, she totally Rocks!This store is a must see, lots of goodies to satisfy and stock your skull and crossbones collection with!The Owners are so nice and welcoming, cooler than cool and so informative!I will be back again! This store is Amazing!
1	This store is absolutely a complete DUMP. Way too overpriced and CHEAP. I bought a hair flower from this shop and it immediately snapped in half before I could even use it. It was $6 fucking waste of money. I bought a $35 phone case for my iPhone, it's breaking left and right. And they over priced it way too much. The employee was rude and not even professional. This store is nothing but a joke. And beware "all sales are final"They know how crappy they are
5	Was here about 11:30 am on Fri/11 Oct:- Definitely recommend coming to this store.- The proprietors donate store gift certificates to charity (for charity raffles) and I had won 3 x $25 gift certificates at the Thu/3 Oct 2013 Round 4: Knockout Cancer For Candlelighters Kids event raffle.  - I was in the store to redeem the $75 in certificates and the staff/owners were very friendly.  Cindy congratulated me on winning the raffle and said I didn't have to spend the entire $75 credit at one time.  The certificates had no expiration date, either, so definitely customer friendly policies.- As I picked out what I wanted Cindy kept a running total to let me know when I was around the $75 mark.  I ended up getting $118.79 in stuff (including tax) - $75 certificates = I only paid $43.79.  Stuff I got included $30 skulls silver earrings, $7 Ed Hardy shot glasses, $9 skull & crossbones wallets.  Pretty sure my male/female friends in Thailand will love these gifts from Vegas/USA.
4	Perhaps it seems weird to call this place cute, but it kind of is. It's all skulls all the time here, art, t-shirts, jewelry, purses, dolls.. If it involves skulls, they probably have it. On the pricey side, but if you need your skulls fix, this is the place to go.
