4	This Starbucks gets so freaking crowded!  On my way home, however, I stopped in and it was empty.  I ordered an iced coffee and they were out so the barista asked if I would mind waiting 5 minutes?  For an iced coffee?  Hell na...hook it up sister.  I need my caffeine.  It took about 2 minutes.  Both baristas chit chatted with me and were really pleasant.  I personally like nice people.
4	I'm not a Starbucks Coffee fan, but these girls hooked me up with a very well blended Passion Fruit Iced Tea/ Lemonade, just a little bit sweet and just the way I liked it.  Kudos to friendly people at the airport.
3	it is  starbucks!
2	Not a big fan of Starbucks but they are all over the strip so I went to Starbucks plenty of times in Vegas to get my coffee fix.  I think their coffee is ok and the lines there are just ridiculously long.  Over rated in my eye.  But it's great to just have a coffee joint to go to while in Vegas.
2	it's an okay starbucks. they didn't accept my card so i wasn't able to take advantage of the discounts.
3	Great for the quick coffee right before the return flight home.
3	It's Starbucks. They're everywhere! The one thing I don't like about Starbucks is that they are very inconsistent with their drinks. Some days it taste just how you want it, other days it's too sweet or taste like poop. Work on it Starbucks!
4	They made the two drinks for us quickly and perfectly.  There was no line which was quite surprising.  I was amazed when I saw how easy it was to saunter up, order my drink, and be on my way to my Los Angeles Times.I like this outlet in the A gates at McCarran.
3	700TH REVIEW!Yes its another Starbucks.Located inside the airport. Lines are long, but they try to keep it moving.It is a fairly small starbucks and gets cramped.They didn't mess up my order at 6.30am so that's good thing.
1	Whoa.... this place is slow slow slow.I went straight from the plane to this Starbucks while my husband went to get the bags and the bags came long before my mocha did. Did I mention that there was only one customer in front of me in line and that there were three employees? Did I also mention that the girl taking my order was also chatting it up with another airport employee who passed by the Starbucks stand? Annoying. The mocha wasn't even that good. Also, it is Vegas and the airport so drinks are way more than at a normal Starbucks. I was very disappointed. C'mon girls, I was just stopping by to kill some time while I waited for my bags.Thank God that I was soon drinking a real drink on the strip which helped ease the pain of this experience.
2	The slowest starbucks I've ever been to, so many creepy people where standing around me, couldn't wait to get out of there.Speed up on your drink making!
2	One of the slower Starbucks I have ever been to lately.  Are they union employees?  They managed to screw up my order too.
3	Just like other Starbucks
2	No free refills at this location. :-(
4	Yes, its true ,Like no a better word is LOVE COFFEE! makes my day as I zip on by...Sorry off subject.This Starbucks is very clean, as in bathroom, dining area, the staff are friendly and helpful, when I ordered my drink I usually get the :what: face.. but not here.I always get an upside down heavy whip latte... yup, not too complicated ,, girl was like and what size didn't need to explain. .The chocolate filled croissant  was flaky ....
4	I live and come from an area where Starbucks are not on every corner and my taste buds always preferred Tim Horton's. However, because of the amount of travel I do - Starbucks has become ingrained in my head and it seems I cannot live without them.I stay mostly at Courtyards who now have a Starbucks in them - however - these are NOT the same Starbucks you find outside - trust me!Whether it's that special cup you need at the airport or that one you have to have in the morning - I loved having this one right around the corner. This chain does it right too - consistently good and the staff went above and beyond - friendly and fast. Though small (airport) the speed of delivery was great!
4	If you're a Starbucks fan, this shop is convenient coming straight off your flight into McCarran.Service seemed okay around 11 PM, and my girlfriend was able to get a quick frap fix! No complaints here :)
5	Like any other Starbucks, service was quick and quality was consistent. I wasn't able to get any coffee all day because we were running around for a scavenger hunt for Race LA. I finally saw this Starbucks in the Union Station and had to take advantage that we were waiting for the train to arrive and it was THERE!!! It was almost like a miracle. Got my coffee fix!! YAY
4	Aside from an iced tea just south of four bucks, this location isn't half bad. Being an airport location, the inflated prices are no surprise, so it's not really a big deal. I'm just happy there is a Starbucks on the outbound side of security. The staff here is always friendly and efficient. My drinks, although not complicated, are always as ordered. There is no seating area inside, but it's very near the gates, so there are plenty of seats nearby to take a load off. Even though they are a small shop, they have plenty of pastries and other goodies to snack on.
3	The drink wasn't half bad, but its so expensive. I also had an issue where they sold me a rotten sandwich and refused to refund the money. I emailed corporate and they gave me back the cash.
