4	This pizza place is in the food court of the Luxor Hotel in Las Vegas.  It's similar to sbarro's, but has more varieties of pizza toppings.  The chicken & veggie and mushroom pizza is very good!  There's also some pasta, salad, and garlic bread.
1	Overcooked to begin with and outrageously expensive: two things that characterize this pizza joint. While food in Vegas is generally not that cheap, for a place in a food court, you would come to expect a certain level of quality and price associated with fast food. This establishment fell far below even our lowest standards and we actually wish we went to the next door McDonalds instead. In terms of what was actually wrong with the Pizza, the crust and main body was overcooked, tough, and drier than Vegas soil. The toppings were sparse to begin with and were also overcooked. This really gross slice of pizza cost $6.95 but really should have been on the dollar section of a run down pizza joint. The employees were surly, curt, and were the nail in the coffin for this review. Please save your money, your stomach, and your time and go somewhere else.
2	The pizza is good for a quick bite, but the service, even a simple greeting sucks... I know I have tattoos and it's a busy Las Vegas food court but show some effort. Ha
2	Food seemed like it was left out for a long while.  For the price my friend and I paid, we deserved a fresh one!  Lame that they brought both our food out at the same time although we ordered at different times.  There were coupon deals for the whole food court on the tray.  Gayness.  My other friend received the deal late too.  Had we known, we would've saved a little.  Oh well.  At least I'm tipping you off for the future!You're welcome lol
1	This pizza joint is located in the food court at Luxor Hotel and Casino. My husband and I were looking for a place it eat before our show. I was craving pizza and decided to try this place out. We went here on a Thursday early evening and it was not busy at all. I was looking at the pizzas and the worker didn't bother asking me if I was ready. I was interested in the stuffed meat lovers pizza. I asked him how much it was for a slice and he replied "the same as the other pizzas" and he said it with attitude! The worker put the pizza in the oven to warm it up. I ate the pizza and it was not warm. It tasted ok. My husband and I didn't even finish the one slice. Customer service was poor. I mean, for it being slow, he could have been nicer. Food was not great.  We wish we went to McDonalds instead. We never get disappointed there!
4	4 stars for a food court.  Wandered down for breakfast at 10:30.  Sit down option had a very long line.  The other food court joints had egg sandwiches and the like but the veggie loaded pizzas at Bonanno's caught our eye.  My other half and I shared a spinach tomato basil Stromboli with a Caesar side salad, total bill $12.92 including tax.  The salad had nice flavor and was properly mixed.  The Stromboli was extremely cheesy with a supplement of spinach.  The accompanying little cup of marinara sauce helped cut the grease of the cheese.  The music in the food court was obnoxious to our ears.  I think we hit this place at the right time as they were just putting out the pizzas and such.
1	The little ceasers that was at this location was so much better.  Pizza slice i ordered was cold/reheated and not very tasty.Best new york pizza is secret pizza at the cosmopolitan
1	Goodness.......... Possibly first bad review I've given on yelp. Manager was incredibly RUDE. Apparently you don't matter as a customer if you are close to their closing time. Can't believe the rudeness of this supervisor when asked simple questions. Will not return.
3	Average Pizza and price was about $10 for slice and small drink.  Grwat for a quick bite.
