2	Me and a friend stopped at this location for a Friday lunch after going to the movies. The staff was friendly and not intrusive. The waitress did a good job of replenishing my soda.As for the food: I couldn't even tell I was eating a sausage calzone. Very light on the toppings. My friend's calzone had to be returned to the kitchen for reheating; the middle was cold. Unfortunately there really wasn't anything that made the food stand out. Desserts were okay too. We both had cheesecake and it was no different than cheesecake from a supplier that any restaurant would serve. Comparing the price with the food quality and uniqueness, I'm not sure if I would return here.
5	Prior to eating at Grimaldi's Pizza in Peoria I was a fan of the Scottsdale location. I was very excited to learn that a location would be opening up near our home.This is the best pizza that I've had in the Valley, hands down. We always order a large Pepperoni Pizza with the occasional purchase of a White Pizza. We've also ordered salads and and antipasto and have been pleased every time.The crust is thin and a little chewy and the quality of the toppings come shining through.No, the pizza isn't weighed down with tons of toppings, there are enough toppings for every part of the pizza to sing.
5	This place totally makes up for the other pizza place that unfortunately shares the same name as this place, but has absolutely no affiliation (thank goodness).First off, I have to say that the two times I've been here, I haven't once paid for the actual pizza, because if you sign up your birthday, you're given a coupon by e-mail for a FREE PIZZA.  Extra toppings are extra charge, of course.  So  if you haven't tried this place yet and don't know whether you should spend your money, sign up to get a coupon on your birthday.I'll definitely spend my money for a pizza even without a coupon.The crust is thin and crispy, with just enough chew to it so it doesn't taste like a cracker with toppings.  The coal firing gives a wonderfully smokey flavor to the pizza, and leaves yummy bubbles in the crust.So far we've done half pepperoni and half meatball.  Meatball you say?  I admit I've never had meatball on a pizza, so I couldn't help but picture golfball sized meatballs atop a thin slice harnessed in place with strings of mozzarella.I know, I know..they Slice the meatballs, silly.I'm normally not a big fan of pepperoni, but this stuff was surprizingly meaty, slightly spicey, and not too oily.  The meatballs though...the meatballs are my favorite.  Top everything off with great service (people that actually know their stuff), a fully stocked bar (with beer sporting the name of "the Kilt Lifter"), and nice cozy atmosphere.I have been back, and I will be back.
5	LOVE their pizza!!We often go either before or after seeing a movie at the Harkins across the street and the wife and I typically split and enjoy their Cesar (small) and their Pepperoni pizza.  The Coal fired oven gives the right texture and flavor to their crust and the way they do the mixture of Pepperoni's (some spicier than the others!) and the Mozzerella make this a very enjoyable pizza!!
4	Great service, food and atmosphere... why only 4 stars. The pizza was not as good as the Scottsdale site. it could be the ovens were not "seasoned" yet or it could be I had pizza for dinner the night before, and lunch the day of, then dinner here... but usually that would not be an issue. We had 3 large pizzas and it feed 7 adults and 5 kids. (full but not stuffed)1. Tomato and garlic EXCELLENT2. Pep GREAT3. Cheese MEHThe server was attentive, funny and nice.
5	still a big fan, wonderful pizza!!!-- Remember to join their birthday club!!!-
4	This is NOT the same Grimaldis that is up on 59th Ave & 101 in Glendale.  The Grmaldis here in Peoria claims original roots to the famous Grimaldis in New York.Extremely thin "Neopolitan" pizza is served up here and it was quite good.  Good quality cheese, minimal sauce, and a few good beers are on tap (Pilsener Urquell paired well with their food).Located across from the movie theatre so it may be worthwile to dine at hours when people won't be going to the movies so much.
4	We went there last night, and enjoyed it, we order a bruschetta pizza and a veggie one. both were good, the service was good as well. We ordered 2 large pizzas, for 5 people, and everyone left full.
4	The pizza was thin crust, generous amounts of toppings - and best of all the pizza was not greasy.  There was literally no grease running all over like some pizza's and we really liked the flavor.The service was prompt and they seemed to have a good amount of traffic in and out of the store, so they can handle the busy times it appears.  We will be back!I would reccomend this for parties of 2-4 only.  It does not look like it would be easy to get larger parties seated.
5	5 stars are pretty hard to come by. I should review more, but time and all. This is how pizza should be. Great thin crust, hi temps and fresh ingredients. The server suggested a bruschetta. Man it was great. My 4 yr old and wife both wanted a pepperoni so we got one one those also. It was very good.  My wife said it was the best pizza she has ever eaten.  Very good service and I loved the atmosphere. I really like the fact that the menu is very small. I have always been of the opinion, do what you do best and excel. It was pretty expensive though. It was almost $50 for 2 pie's, 3 soda's and tip. We did have plenty to take home. We wont be eating there that often as money is kinda tight. Takeout would be quite a bit more affordable so that's a good option.
3	Been busy with work and haven't written a review in a while so I figure it's about time i contribute.I've been meaning to try Grimaldi's at the new Park West complex for a while now.  I'd heard good things from family members, and last week the opportunity finally presented itself.  The first thing I noticed is that their lobby is virtually non existent, tons of people huddled around the hostess podium with a wait upwards of 30 minutes.  To be fair it's about 6:30PM on a friday and they have a bar, but the bar is completely full as well. many patrons were waiting around the edge of the glass enclosed kitchen in the middle of the restaurant which I found odd.When we finally got seated our waiter greated us promptly with what seemed like a very "forced" brooklyn accent, " Ya Evah Been Heeyah Befo,... It's Good Pie" pleasantries aside he was very prompt and took good care of the table.  He even gave my neice who was with us some pizza dough to keep her occupied.I ordered an individual red sauce pizza with with pepperoni, sausage and mushroom.  They have 3 different sauces, red, white and pesto.The pizza came and was actually very good, the mozzarella was the fresh kind, not too much cheese, the sauce was a thick puree without being chunky. the toppings were very fresh, everything in sliced form, even the sausage. definitely need a fork and knife to eat this. supposedly it was a 12" pizza, but being new york style it was very thin, and I was actually kind of surprised I finished the whole thing.All in all not a bad restaurant, not a bad pizza and I would go back.
4	Grimaldi's Pizzeria is my new favorite place to get pizza.  I usually go with my family and here's what we order.  We share the Mediterranean Salad.  It is big enough to serve four people with a little extra for who is hungry.  That would be me.  Romaine lettuce, olives, feta cheese onions etc.  The dressing is very light and refreshing.  For pizza, we order two personal sized pizzas and that feeds four people with a little extra for who is really hungry.  That would be me AGAIN.  This pizza goes down easy.  It's great tasting pizza with delicious sauce, fresh toppings, and thin crusts that do not leave you bloated with dough.The wait staff remembers my family and we are greeted when we enter and throughout the course of our dinner.  A past waiter will always drop by to say hello.  The wait staff are very attentive and are true professionals.This Grimaldi's location is in the new Park West shopping center.  Check it out.  This location gets packed on the weekends and week nights draw a respectable crowd.  Grimaldi's is one of the reasons.
4	This is great pizza. I love the mozzarella they use-it's the best,all others are only pretenders. It's obvious they use good ingredients. I wish it were more comfortable to eat in,like with booths,but overall it's a great place with great food. I didn't really like the calzone with ricotta as well as the pizzas-I'm just not a fan of the ricotta vs other cheese.The only thing I wish they would do is offer coupons so I would go more often. I asked them if they would take a coupon for the other grimaldi's and they snootily said they don't take coupons.  la di da-still good eats. A pizza is a bit pricier than some,but worth it.
5	This is the best pizza I've had since Bianco. Why would I wait 3-5 hours downtown when I can slide down Glentucky to grab a hand tossed pie and homemade tiramisu? Not to mention, my parents said the pizza was on par with or better than what they've had in Italy.
4	After living in Italy for 4 years I have been on the hunt for good pizza. The pizza here is pretty close to the real thing. It had a nice thin crust and good toppings. The service was good, and the place looked really nice. I will go back again. The only thing I could say is the pizza needed to be just a little bit bigger.
5	The pizza is great and it's so original! The price is good and the food is great. But don't ask them for ranch it will highly offend them, they say that people use ranch to cover up the taste of bad pizza. The cheese is amazing!
3	Ate here for lunch.  A cute restaurant with black straws (the nicer the eatery the more likely they are to use black straws).  We were quickly seated, drinks arrived quickly.  I was shocked that the menu offered only salads, pizza, calzone, and a couple dessert options.  No appetizers, no pasta. I always like to see what other customers are eating.  Most had salads, and all looked delicious.  We had the antipasto which was alright.  Rather bland with the exception of the kalamata olives.  Everyone was eating pizza.  All looked good and greasy.  We had a small pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms.  The cheese was good, and the sauce was real sauce!  My dad said, "This pepperoni is some serious meat!" And my mother had heartburn in the first 5 minutes.  Even though there was more than enough staff, our drinks sat empty for quite awhile.  Our table exchanged "where'd the waiter go?" glances and a manager must have had radar for this.  She immediately appeared at our table and refilled our drinks, boxed our pizza, brought our check and ran the credit card.  I give that lady 5 stars.  On the funny side- there was a girl "working" (could never tell what she was actually doing) who looked like a younger version of Tabitha from Tabitha's Takeover (show on Bravo).  Little things: Restroom was clean!  We sat near the front and heard the telephone ring multiple times.  The brick pizza oven is in the middle of the restaurant and you can watch the guys toss pizzas.I wouldn't avoid the place in the future, but I won't go out of my way to eat there again.
5	U must go at least 2 times to really appreciate this outstanding pizza and add ricotta cheese as one of the toppings............I LOVE THIS FRIGGIN PIZZA, NY style cheesecake and the lady godiva chocolate cheesecake was unbelievable.      I could eat this pizza 7 days a week, 24 hrs a day.     Trust me, one time is not enough to really appreciate.
4	The pizza is pretty good.... but hello Cheesecake. Just the plain cheesecake is so delish! I never order desserts but swear I could never go there and not order the cheesecake at the end... It is the best!
5	Great food! Ask for extra cheese. The staff is friendly and takes care of their customers. Best cal zone I've ever had.
2	Horrible! my husband and I decided to eat here since I am from NY and he is from MD, we both love NY style pizza.........which this is not! it looked good when it came to the table but as soon as I took a bite I was very dissapointed, we got 2 small pizzas first was a pizza with red sauce cheese and shrooms and the second was a white margherita pizza, the red sauce has absolutely no flavor to it, I mean NO flavor it tasted like water seriously! the white pizza was the better place of the two but still wasnt worth what we paid. its expensive for what it is and the topping are priced way to high between 2-4 dollars per topping. the only thing I can say good about this place is that the cheesecake is made fresh in house and is very good, I got a strawberry cheesecake and hubby got the oreo which he and  I both loved,the strawberry actually has strawberries in the mix its not on top like most others. I would never go back for the pizza but if I was in the area and wanted cheesecake I would stop in and get it to go. Oh and when hubby and I walked into this place there was about 5 servers or whoever just standing there in a group talking,but when we walked in they just stared at us as we walked to our table,didnt say anything just stared it was really awkward!!!!
5	Grimaldi's Grimaldi's.. You have changed the way I view pizzerias forever! I walk into this location for the first time, I can honestly say it's a mixture of ambiance between The Olive Garden and a typical pizzeria. The moment I walked in I was greeted and seated. The service may be described as polite and respectable. The food items ordered were a small pizza and a Mediterranean salad. The pizza had a THIN crust with mostly ingredients being the key volume piece in the pizza. The salad was delicious, fresh and filling. Thank you Grimaldi's for making pizza an eatable food once again without the fear of endless bread enhancers! I no longer feel guilty for eating pizza and PREFER Grimaldi's thin crust over any other pizzeria's pizzas. Great service, beautiful location and delicious food, five stars without a doubt :)
4	I am giving Grimaldi's Pizzeria a 4 just because I had one not-so-tiny bad experience there, otherwise, it would get 5 stars from me. First time trying it was over a year ago and it was delicious. I would come back all the time and referred quite a few customers there. I still go about once a week, or every other week. My first bad experience was several weeks ago when I ordered a sliced tomato and mushroom pizza. My boyfriend and I were enjoying and were half way finished when I took a bite in something very chewy. It was pepperoni. Now this wouldn't be a big deal at all if eating meat was not against my beliefs. It really surprised me because I had been there so many times and this one time, out of all the pizzas, and all the people who do eat meat, this happens to me. Weird. I complained and the manager came out to apologize and that was it. She just apologized and stood there. It took her a few minutes to offer not charging us for the pizza. It was very awkward. Other that that one bad experience, I still come back. Always. The quality of the pizza sauce and the cheese is GREAT and everything else is great as well. This pizza is made in the brick over so it will not be your usual pizza you order from Dominos or Pizza Hut. If you are used to thick, greasy, nasty, low quality pizza, this place is NOT for you.
5	I've had pizza everywhere and this is the best I've had.   If you don't like it the first time, try it again because your missing something.     It's simple and fresh and done right.
5	This place is amazing, great food, nice atmosphere, family friendly.  It's hard to eat any other pizza than Grimaldi's.  After visiting the original location in Brooklyn, this is very comparable to the great pizza they serve. Always finish the meal with some original cheesecake.  Well worth it!
4	On our way home to So Cal, we decided to stop by Grimaldi's in Peoria, since it was both closer and not out of the way, like the Scottsdale one. The last time we were in town, Kathy first tried the one in Scottsdale and just died and went to pizza heaven. I agreed with her as we had it before leaving for home. An interesting note: the one in Scottsdale points to www.patsygrimaldis.com and the Peoria one just points to www.grimaldis.com. I'll need to ask...We had to take a detour off of Northern, since there was street work being done from out direction. When we finally got there, Grimaldi's was in a new shopping complex that looked like an outlet. The restaurant was facing the movie theatre and it started to rain while we walked in. We sat down and put in our order immediately, since we were dying hungry and didn't want the back and forth. Our usual: Pepperoni, onions and garlic. A nice blend of salty, sweet and savory. Kathy also ordered the mozzarella, tomato and basil salad. The mozzarella tasted store made and not hand made. The waitress did confirm that a company made the cheese just for Grimaldi's.When the pie did come out, it smelled divine and was just as good as I remember it to be. Kathy thought that the Scottsdale location made a better pie, but I think she is going off of euphoria. The crust was kissed by the coals, thin and crispy. As thin crust pizzas goes, Grimaldi's is head of the class. Pizzeria Bianco is in a class of its own, but that is an another review...We devoured our pie and I made sure to leave room for tiramisu. I am a maniac when it comes to tiramisu and was very pleased when I dove into the fresh tiramisu on drizzled chocolate. SO fricken good! Chased it with restaurant quality coffee. I can't think of a better way to end a meal.I found out that the father, Patsy, owned the original Brooklyn location and the son branched out to Florida, Arizona and other states. The name was changed to Grimaldi's from Patsy Grimaldi's after the dad retired. Overall, if you want a slice of New York pizza, outside of New York, Grimaldi's is your best bet. It only 6 hours from So Cal, but worth the drive...Stay hungry, my friends and good eatings!
5	Great tasting pizza!!  Its not traditional NY pizza but its amazingly good!  Coal brick oven pizza and plus they make their own cheese which you can taste the freshness.  I'm not a fan of greasy food and this place works well with my cheat days while I'm dieting.  The salads are super good too!
5	Ate here before a movie the other night with my hubby & daughter. We've been here numerous times before and are always pleased! If you call in advance, they take reservations for larger groups and are very accommodating. Caprese salad is awesome! And what to say about their amazing pizza .... I have cravings for their delicious crust often. Although the crust is thin, it will fill you up perfectly. Oreo cheesecake is phenomenal. Beer selection is great which is very important to me.
2	THIS is what passes for gourmet pizza in Glendale? I think not. You're kidding me. Grimaldi's is a sweet looking place in the desolate Park West. The decorations are great, and there is plenty of Sinatra playing to further the illusion of class, but once you sit down and look at the menu, the disappointment starts flying at you.Appetizers? I think not, unless you're feeling like salad. There is salad, pizza, and wine. Also, a full bar, with beer. Not that having a simple menu is bad, it's just that when pizza is all you make, I expect mind blowing pizza. This falls flat on all levels.The crust I'll admit was decent. Just the right amount of flavor and charring. You're getting that right. But the tomato sauce? Nothing special. Do they buy it from Safeway? The cheese? Just alright for a gourmet pizza, and certainly not enough of it. As far as toppings go, I don't like the idea of needing to order extra cheese just to have my pizza covered. Also, I feel every gourmet pizza joint of this magnitude should have proscuitto as an option. 'Ham' just isn't cutting it.Don't fret, the white pizza was okay. It used just the right amount of garlic, and had a fair balance. It was a bit on the bland side, and I would definitely have olives on that if I ever came back.But please, Grimaldi's, spare us all your pretentiousness. No matter how many decorations (your plastic hostesses included) you put up, or how much backstory you have about NYC, you define mediocre. Don't offer me some BS wine pairing with your pizza, the only pairing it deserves is a mug of Budweiser and a Yankee's game. It's just not quality stuff. Some poor chump is going to waste $40 on a pizza and some $5 BevMo wine thinking he's dining on something amazing. Meanwhile, I'll be enjoying my meal at a place like Piazza Al Forno. Take notes.
5	Amazing pizza! I would have to say the best pizza I've ever had. I never really had real pizza until this place. Maybe, I thought I had, but once tasting this pizza I realized that I hadn't. A friend took me and my wife to this place and told me that they actually are from New York and they were first having trouble getting the pizza to taste authentic when they first got to Arizona, but they found out it was because of the water here. So they actually used purified water for the dough. It just shows you the detail that goes into making their pizzas. They can even tell you what wine goes with which pizza. pretty cool.
5	Place is always friend, and I LOVE THE PIZZA.     It's by far my favorite pizza place.   Sign up on their VIP newsletter or eclub and you get a free pizza on your birthday, get it for free and try it.     Sounds good to me.
1	Bad reservation policy. Sunday night 5:30 pm, 9 of 11 guests were present with 2 guests in route; but the hostess, citing company policy, would not even take our name down for seating half an hour later as "all if our party was not present". When the rest of our party joined us at 6:00 pm, we were quoted a one hour wait. Grimaldi just lost the business of big spenders and big tippers, including a restaurant GM who lives and works in the area. To quote Pretty Woman, "Big mistake!" BJs Brewery, here we come.
5	Wow, without a doubt one of the best place for pizza in the world paired with great wine and also awesome service. With the brick oven that carrys the pizza through the cooking process and gives it that elegant flavor, you can not beat grimaldis pizzeria. My wife and I go to this pizzeria almost every friday to catch up with friends and have that great feeling of being home and also feeling like you are wanted. We plan to keep going to this place for years to come based off food and service.
2	I have to agree with Taric W.'s review.
3	This Grimaldi's is A~OK if your in the area looking for good pizza.  I usually rave about one of the other Girmaldi locations to my friends and since we were in the area we thought, why not try this Grimaldi's.  After all it's a Girmaldi's and the Patsy Girmaldi's in DC Ranch taste a like the Girmaldi's in New York. We were a little concerned when we arrived since this place was very slow and it was during peak lunch time.  The service was ok not exceptional but good. I usually don't have to ask for a refill on my beverage at the other location, but here I did twice...  The decor of this Grimaldi's is very nice.  I found myself starring at the ceiling more than once thinking: "better not bring my bride here; she'll want me to do this to our ceiling in the den"! Lunch~ antipasto salad. The fresh mozzarella was very good, oven roasted sweet red peppers were too cold and not seasoned, the salami was sliced very thin and offered only four pieces (lacking), some olives and some fresh baked bread.  The mozzarella and bread were the stars of this dish ~ everything else let you wanting more or something different.  Personal pizza ~ white garlic with fresh tomatoes.  For the first time ever I had to add salt to my pizza, what the heck? The crust was full of the deliciousness goodness I'm used to at Grimaldi's, crispy and scrumptious but the white cheesy and garlicky toppings needed more seasoning...The calzones my colleagues had were delish and they ate everything in sight including the left over sauce from their calzones.  I would come back again but for dinner not lunch.  The bar area seemed to be the place to be in this location. This is where you want to sit so you can watch the pizza dough flying before they load it into their brick oven, have some beer or wine but order a different kind of pizza!
5	Best in town! Family friendly too!
3	after a dismal dining experience at Rustica, down the parkway from Grimaldis, we decided to give it another try. We had been here once before but havent been back. Overall, our attitude has been, it was just ok.  But, nonetheless, we decided to finish off our italian dinner here. We sat at the bar since the place was packed. Service was good, and ordered our pizza. The size is huge and I liked the thin crust. However, I feel the cost of each topping, either $2 or $4 is just way too much. But... it was good, and looking at the size of the salads coming out, we have decided we will come again.
3	Let me start off by saying that I LOVE Grimaldi's pizza. We've been coming to this location for a few years now.  In my current pregnancy, I'm craving it on a weekly basis and we get it for takeout. The reason for this 3 star rating is strictly about the SERVICE at Grimaldis. Pizza is definitely a 5 star and if you can get pack the lack-luster service, the pizza is worth it. The service is NEVER consistent at Grimaldi's. We've come when it was just two of us and we've come when there are 20 of us. It's a crap shoot at best if you are going to get a server who cares to a server who doesn't give a crap at all. We have servers who practically sit down and join our party to tell us about their life's story to servers who were so indifferent we were lucky to get anything at all. It's really a crap shoot. So most of the time, we get takeout. Last night we came to this location because I got a FREE PIZZA coupon for my birthday as I'm on Grimaldi's birthday list. The server took one look at it and rolled her eyes and I knew we were screwed. We ordered drinks for the three of us and our pizza to share and our server seemed very put out that we didn't get more than the one pizza (which was free).  The large pizza is enough for the three of us to enjoy and then some. My son received one refill on his drink and my drink wasn't refilled until the manager came over to see how we were doing. I didn't give him an earful, but I think he could tell we weren't thrilled.  Our pizza was hot and delicious and we ordered dessert to go so our total bill was about $13 thanks to my free pizza coupon. I added in what the bill would have been with the large pizza when I tipped despite my better judgement due to the lackluster service, but she's gotta make a living too. So again, 5 Stars on the food, 3 stars at best on the service. I hope this location gets some training. The manager has been here a while so hopefully he can get these servers to shape up. I'll still get your food for takeout tho....but dining in is going to be a rare occurance in the future.
4	I came here on a strong recommendation from a friend. After reading the reviews, I was anxious to try it out. I went on a Saturday night, half expecting it to be really busy. We were seated in about five minutes or less. Not busy on a Saturday night...made me kind of worried. The menu is sparse, it made ordering really easy.  Service was fairly slow considering the small amount of people in the restaurant. Refills were slow, service was kind of inattentive but not rude. Our pizza came out in about 15-20 mins. We ordered a white with garlic with pepperoni and sausage. The pizza looked and smelled delicious, but that's where it all went bad.First off, the pizza crust was really soggy because of all the grease under the pizza. I have never ate such a greasy pizza in my life. i had to drain every single slice, it literally created a puddle on my plate. There was a significant lack of sauce on my pizza, some parts of my crust were bare, not even a hint of red on them. The pepperoni and the sausage tasted great and there was enough toppings on the pizza to justify the $2 price tag. The non soggy areas of crust were great, and the cheese was amazing. We ended up taking half the pizza home, the slices were filling. The pizza was better the next day, after the box absorbed most of the grease, after throwing away the pizza box, the bottom of the box was saturated in grease. I'm not sure if grease makes a quality pizza, but in this case it just made a soggy crust.**Update** Under intense pressure I came back here and tried a white with chicken, they seriously redeemed themselves. I spoke to the manager and he insisted my last time was a fluke and should have been corrected. I would come back on occasion.
1	Bad experience all around. We decided on Grimaldi's for Mother's day. Our service was iffy at best, but hell, we were excited for the pizza and calzone's. The pizza was adequate and nothing special. All the cheese shakers on the table had spoiled cheese, so that was no good. Also, they put the basil on before they cooked the pizza. That's a no no. In a 700 degree oven it comes out burnt. Did I mention the area we were sitting in had at least 5 flies fying around the whole time? The calzone's looked great, but there was something off. Each person who tasted the 4 calzone's said something was off. The texture was all wrong, the sausage that we asked for was ground up like ground beef and had no taste. Needless to say, except for the kids who enjoyed playing with dough, everyone at our table said they won't be back. Being from Brooklyn and knowing the kind of food Grimaldi's is capable of, we were very disapointed.
1	My brother also posted about our Mother's Day experience. These must be franchises because the Scottsdale and Chandler locations are like eating at a different restaurant entirely. This is the second and last time we will frequent this location. The pizza and calzones were awful.
5	Excellent coal fired pizza and fresh salads.  Definitely make a visit!
5	I placed a to go order and had personal size with onions, olives and red peppers, it's probably the best pizza i've ever had.The personal size is 12" so it's the size of a medium at most other places. The personal cheese pizza is $9.99 but I had to pay $8 for just 3 toppings, but once I got to eat it, it felt it was well worth the price.I would definitely recommend it to pizza lovers.
3	After leaving the movie theater we were looking for a place to have dinner. Upon exiting the theater we saw 2 places in front of us; Grimaldi's and the Blue Burger Grill. We chose Grimaldi's. The place looks really cool, I love the decor, it is elegant and yet casual. I especially love the pictures of Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, and Sammy Davis Jr. The service was really good. The food is not great but really good. We ordered a 16 inch pizza with tomato and mushroom. It was delicious. If you like ranch with your pizza be warned that they do not offer ranch. The price was reasonable. Overall this place is a very good pizzeria. I will be returning quite often.
4	Great Pizza place.  I like the thin crust but must warn you that if you order for pick up by the time you make it home it will be cold and soggy.  I had it there and enjoyed it freshly out of the oven.  The place is very nice and always busy.
4	Stopped in for lunch today with my boy after catching Harry Potter at the movies. This is the first time we dined in since my last visit back in February though we've enjoyed take-out a number of times....pregnant lady cravings dignify only the best when it comes to pizza needs. :)My son and I were greeted warmly by the hostess and immediately sat at our table. Within minutes we were greeted by our server and her trainee and got our drinks promptly. LOVE THIS! It's as it should be. I know that it seems silly to point it out but so many places can't seem to do these basic things right! We shared a 16inch meatball and pepperoni pizza which was baked to perfection. The meatball slices were thicker than usual and this made the pizza that much more flavorful. Additionally, I think they changed the pepperoni as it wasn't as spicy as it has been in the past. This is ok with me as I thought the pepperoni was a bit overpowering before. Our server and her trainee were not intrusive or annoying at all like we've experienced in the past. In fact, they thought it was hilarious that we had told the hostess we didn't need menus because we knew EXACTLY what we wanted. They were both friendly, kept our drinks full, and didn't try to participate in our conversation or interject themselves into our lives beyond providing us with great service. Such a relief from times past when the servers have been way too involved in our table's business. We ordered dessert to go and enjoyed a slice of blueberry cobbler cheesecake after coming home. It was DELICIOUS. It was a double decker slice of cheesecake with blueberry filling in the middle and a crumble topping on top. It was really excellent.Very happy that they've toned things down and did some real training of the service staff at Grimaldi's. I'm not ready to give them the 5 stars yet, but they've definitely improved.  We will be sure to dine in again soon!
5	Delicious crispy and always done the way you want it. This is one of the best pizzas I've ever eaten. The ambiance is great, the staff are friendly.
5	This is some of the best pizza in Phoenix.  I have tried some of the others like Pizzeria Bianco but I still prefer Grimaldi's.  Its not that I don't like the other places but there is something about that coal fired oven that gives the pizza just an amazing taste and texture that a wood fired oven just can't do.  I agree with with some that the service could be better.  It's not bad, it just could be better.  I forgive them though because I really like their pizza.  Usual we get a white pizza with ham on it and then I get a side of pizza sauce for me (my wife does not like any pizza sauce).  Yummy, Yummy.
5	I love a good pizzeria and this place always delivers great, filling pizza. Period.  I don't get why people would go for Domino's or Pizza Hut when you can have Grimaldi's.
5	I work at a near by restaurant ... we were craving something different because we eat our food everyday.  So we ordered takeout.I am not a big pizza fan but it was hot tasty and ready when they said it would be.
4	I love this pizza! The flavor, the crust, the toppings, are all fresh and yummy. The Greek salad had such awesome flavor; my hubby actually loved it and he doesn't usually eat green food! Lol it was a bit pricey but I actually tried to buy all the items and make my own at home the other night and it was close to the same price for less food! Service is fabulous! Nya is our favorite. great at what she does, sweet, and fun. All around had a great time. We will be back!
5	I am so happy to find a quality pizzeria in my area! The quality of food here is top notch. The mozzarella they use is imported just for them, and it's amazing. And the rest of their ingredients are just as satisfying.The servers are very attentive and will even serve you your pizza slices. The ambiance is fun; very New York/Rat Pack, classy Italian-esque.See you again soon, Grimaldi's!!!
1	Grimaldi's, I love your food, but your customer service is horrible, therefore I am forced to rate you as a 1. Let's take last night as an example. I went to pick up my large pizza and a salad. I saw my pizza come out, I saw two guys opening the box,  looking at the pizza and discussing something. One guys comes over to me, quickly opens the lid and says "isthisok?" (yup all in one word.) I said "uhh yeah, I guess so"... "but wait it looks a little small to be a large." He says - oh yeah it's between a medium and a large, but we will give you your salad for free. So, if I would have said "yes, it looks fine," they would have left me walk out of there with something less than what I paid for?! Plus now I have a pizza that will not fill up my family? When I ask for a new pizza he grudgingly says "well its gonna take 20-25 minutes." So, I leave... with a small pizza and a crappy wilted salad... and don't expect anyone to hold the door for you either... they are all too busy gabbing around the guest kiosk.Ps- this is the 2nd time my order was messed up and I must say even Domino's and Pizza Hut have never messed up my pizza size or toppings!
4	Ok, so I seem to agree with everyone here from the 5 stars to the 1 star. The pizza is simply fantastic. I understand they use a filtering system for their water which explains the delightful crust. The mozzarella is top notch,  they use quality pepperoni and other meats. Like some of the others here though, I have experienced downright shoddy service. The management is lackadaisical to the point where I took the time to write the corporate office. To be blunt "he just doesn't give a damn". That is too bad because the place is just screaming to be a success. I know that I have avoided this place, just based on the management alone. We have a wood fired pizza joint (Sal's Tuscan grill) nearby which has really good pizza as well and when I am peeved at Grimaldi's, I go there instead.  It isn't as  good as Grimaldi's but customer service counts for something. GET OVER YOURSELF and treat your customers with some respect.
1	A friend and I went here for lunch today. We received a lukewarm (I'll be with you guys in a minute) greeting from a server. Same server took us to our table, piss poor attitude. Our actual server provided the same lukewarm greeting. Note to restaurants: TRAIN your servers to not address guests as "You Guys," especially when one of the guests is a lady. We ordered a pizza with tomatoes, mushrooms and sausage (sausage only on half). They messed up our first pizza and brought us out another. This restaurant is nothing like the namesake in Brooklyn. Decent food, bad service. I will not be going back here or any other Grimaldi's except the original in Brooklyn.
4	My wife loves their pizza, so there's four stars automatically.  But that's where we stop.  Too much inter-employee BS going on and not enough looking after the customer.  And the floor manager (guess that's what he was, he sure wasn't helping anybody) needs to go to attitude school.  We were lucky - very nice waitress.  But you have to wonder when she's talking to the table next to us, telling them she's looking for another job where she can make some money.  And, oh, yeah...they're believers in the "use a tiny carafe to serve the wine - it looks like they're getting more" school.
4	We visited our friends in Goodyear and I was kind of psyched to revisit Taste of Italy 2 where we had pizza the last time. Our local friends wanted to take us to Grimaldi's instead, their favorite pizzeria about 20 minutes away. Being the Yelpcurious sort, I was game to try this much hyped place. The downside to a place that has been hyped is that one's expectations are higher. We ordered:* Mediterranean Salad - Tasted fresh and good, but the dressing wasn't very balanced. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/93FNDjCBsdbKkUoh3UVS4g?select=ARQro-dR-8Hd90yb1yUyAQ* Pizza half plain cheese, half with basil and tomatoes http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/93FNDjCBsdbKkUoh3UVS4g?select=SbHD7fVvL32LgaUIpCBq9Q* Pizza with sausage, pepperoni, and basil http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/93FNDjCBsdbKkUoh3UVS4g?select=wl7YMUaOquTxdYgR4SG6Hg* Louis Martini Cabernet - for our friend* Red Sangria - for our friendPositives:+ I'm all about the thin crust. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/93FNDjCBsdbKkUoh3UVS4g?select=qf12YBWeKcLe2leFp09fPA+ The sauce has a nice kick to it.+ The fresh mozzarella tasted good. In fact, everything was very fresh.+ They give kids pizza dough to play with while waiting for the food - fun! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/93FNDjCBsdbKkUoh3UVS4g?select=9ZRm5qrrVJIQDnohj1llDANegatives:- There was a 45 minute wait - the price of popularity.- The service had chain feel to it that didn't rub me the right way. "I'm (server's name), and I'm going to take care of you." It was friendly enough, but wasn't for me.- My friend's pizza didn't have enough basil, and she asked for more. Our server said she could bring more for $2. That was disappointing for a tiny dish of chopped basil, considering it was already a topping and our $75 bill.Overall, I enjoyed the pizza and the kid-friendly atmosphere. It wasn't the best ever, but I'm a fan.
4	Great pizza. The caprese salad is awesome. I love the mushroom, pepperoni, sausage, and basil pizza. Awesome will come back.
5	I go here about once a month.  The food is always consistent and the service is also.  Keep up the good work!
4	Interesting service. Not sure if it is bad or just the staff. But the pizza is very good. Sit at the bar for better service.
5	You can always count on an excellent trip when you visit Grimaldi's. I have never had a bad experience in any way in any of the times I've eaten at this location or any other one for that matter. Grimaldi's gives a consistently professional experience and always has scrumptious food.Today was no different. My husband and I we were in for lunch so we started with a small Mediterranean salad to share (that we could have split to with more people as well) and a half carafe of the house wine. We ordered a pesto pizza with beef meatballs, jalapenos and mushrooms. The thin crust is delicious the pesto is to die for. It is one of my favorite pizzas in the valley. We ended the meal with a slice of Bailey's Irish Cream cheesecake and a glass of Moscato. The service was spot on and the entire experience was enjoyable. I highlt recommend Grimaldi's to everyone!
1	Wow this place has very bad service.   Stopped in for a personal size pizza had 45 min before movie starts next door.  Seated no more then 20 feet from the pizza station.  After 30 min the server comes by and says they are still woking on it.  15 min latter we walked out with nothing.  This was the  only time we talked to the server and the Manager never came over, even though he could see us seating there bored to death, to explain why they are inept.  Had more conversation with the bus boy as he pickup around us.  Really how long does it take to bake  a 12" pizza 5 -8 min.Never again, has been 3 years since I was there before and it was so-so then, so it's not gotten better.  Fool me once good for you, fool me twice shame on me.
5	I have taken several groups of freinds from New England here as it reminds me of the pizza from the NE.  Never been the least bit disappointed in the food or the service.  Tonight we had a GREAT dinner and later discovered a wallet was left on the table.  It was after closing time and when we called the manager agreed to wait for us to make the 15minute trip back to retrieve it even though it was LATE.  He returned the wallet and all the contents and refused to even take something for staying late for us to get there.  SOOOOOOOO nice to know thats the caliber of place we deal with both for our food and our service!!  What a place!!!!   KUDOS!!!!!!!!!!!
5	We've been to Grimaldi's several times and every time it's just as fabulous as it was the last time.  Their pizza is, by far, my favorite in the valley and is always consistently good.  They have an excellent by the glass or bottle wine list and their beer selection is also good.  They have an excellent Caprese salad that we like to have as an appetizer before our pizza.  Their menu is small, mainly pizza and a few salads, so if you are looking for a place with lots of choices (pastas, sandwiches, etc) Grimaldi's may not be the place for you.  But if you are looking for amazing pizza, I would highly recommend giving Grimaldi's a try.One thing to keep in mind:  weekend evenings can be very busy, so I suggest going at slightly off times or bringing a dose of patience.
4	I was hungry on a Sunday afternoon, and I was visiting from California. Let me start off this review by saying that this place has the potential to be a 5 star, but I only downgraded because it is a very tiny place that is very popular, which results in some waiting for a table/spot at the bar, and your pizza. However, this place is the BOMB.com for several reasons. First, it has a great atmosphere. All the waiters are friendly and attentive, even if you aren't sitting at a table! The bartender Kevin kicks ass. Great sense of humor, and excellent bartender all-around. The pizza is amazing! I had a simple Personal Pepperoni Pizza with Extra Famous Grimaldi's Sauce. Absolutely delicious! As far as the price goes, I ordered a small caesar salad, a lemonade, and a personal pizza with two toppings and the price came to about $24. This is misleading, because I ate all the food myself, but it could have easily fed 2-3 people. So in summary, great food, great employees, great price. Check it out, but try and go when its not as busy.
5	Menu is pretty simple. Pizza and Salad but its the best pizza I've ever had!  Thin crust new York style pizza with quality ingredients. The sausage is amazing and I'm not usually a sausage pizza person. Service was great and very friendly staff.
3	Grimaldi's pizza is good but over priced.
3	Pizza was good. Drinks are better! Staff ok
4	My coworkers have raved about this pizza place I finally went with then for lunch. We were greeted promptly, asked for our drinks. Nice atmosphere with a taste of NYC.The waiter came back and took our order. We all opted for the lunch special of pizza, salad and drink. The salads came back a few minutes later and was a good size with a nice vinegarette. About 10 minutes later, the pizza arrived. I really enjoyed my pizza. I ate my personal pizza quickly. I wish I had more.sausage on my pizza. That would be my only complaint that each slice had maybe 1 or 2 bits of sausage. Service was very good. We were in/out within 45 minutes.This will be a place I will head to for lunch often! Great pizza at a great price.
4	Grimaldis is great! I went after we found they have scientists that have replicated the NY water to make true NY pizza. It is just that - true New York pizza that you will never get any other place than New York. The pizza is excellent and the menu is extremely basic - I like that. I have two kids and they bring the dough for them to play with while we wait for the order. The wait has never been more than 20 minutes from the time we order to the time we get our fabulous food. Our waiters have always been good about refills.They also have a half off Tuesday for their wines!
5	Ahhhh...it's nice to be back!  We hadn't been here in a while, and had actually forgotten what delicious pizza tastes like.  I love their menu, simple and to the point...salads, pizzas and calzones.We started off with a small caesar salad, which could feed 3-4 people.  It was tangy and fresh tasting, with crunchy croutons.  We couldn't stop eating it.  But, then our pizza arrived...a large with ricotta, fresh sliced tomatoes and half meatball...mouth-watering!  I've never been a big fan of overly sauced pizza, and this always has just the right amount on it.  The crust is the perfect vehicle for their fresh ingredients.  My husband finished off his slices, and I took home half of mine (to be enjoyed later).The staff was very nice, but the food was "MWAAAH"!!  We can't wait to come back.
5	I've eaten an both this location and their Scottsdale location as well.I'm always happy with their food and drinks. Service is great.
1	I used to live about a fifteen minute walk away from the famous Grimaldi's in Brooklyn Heights. It was a little bit of a tourist trap, because everyone knew about it thanks to TV shows, magazines and the "Best Pizza In America" award. I went 1 for 5 in my attempts to get in that line down under the Brooklyn Bridge, and the one time I did manage to make it early enough to secure a decent spot, the za was definitely worth the 40 minute wait. With that in mind, I was pretty intrigued by the prospect of a Grimaldi's pizza without the 2 hour line at the original location. I think, however, that there are forces at work to keep me and a Grimaldi's pizza apart and they have followed me to Phoenix.This place is f*cking hard to find without a GPS. It's hidden in a shopping plaza across from a movie theater with some of the most understated signage ever.The service was pleasant enough, and attentive. The antipasti and drinks came to the table right away and I hoped within 15-20 mins our pizza would follow.20 mins pass. 25. Then 30, then 35. Where the hell is the 'za? People who were seated after I was are being served tasty looking pizzas and I got nothin'. I noticed that Honey Boo-Boo's family, who were seated a couple tables away from me about ten minutes after I arrived were enjoying a pie that was identical to what I ordered. Shortly after they begin devouring that first pizza, they are presented with another pizza, which is followed by some discussion with their server and what seems to be some sort of apology. As if they had been given the wrong pizza and had begun eating it anyhow. Yeah, they were eating my pizza. The server had goofed something up, and within 2 minutes brought a pizza to my table that was not at all what I had ordered as if she had a clue. I asked for my check. The server told me the manager was coming to my table but no one ever showed.She boxed the pizza up for me (it was mushroom, onion and tomato, not pepperoni as I had ordered, and I'm sorry, but I think putting tomato slices on a pizza that already has tomato sauce is dumb and I am not down to become a vegetarian because you botched my order) and I never did receive a check for it but I did tip her what would have been 20% of the bill.Poor handling of my case leads me to believe they're all new and learning how to work together, but I can't see coming back to this particular location. Maybe I'll try Scottsdale instead or go to Barro's.BTW- when it comes to pizza in Brooklyn, it's Carmine's or Lucali hands down over Grimaldi's anyhow.
5	The best pizza in AZ.  If not the world.
4	took my wife there last week. it is a really good. the food was great and the decor was really cool and the staff was very helpful and  nice.
5	Went in w my birthday email for free pizza.Waiter was great.  Just had iced tea & soda.  Pizza was delicious as usualLeft tip as if bill had $16 pizza inclDont want to short-change staff
1	I have been to Grimaldi's before and this was my second visit while on a date before heading to Westgate. The service was good and the food was good. However here is where the unprofessional-ism comes in. After dinner my GF went to the restroom, while in the restroom, a waitress approaches her with a proposition from the Manager named "Rich". Stating, "he wanted to give her his number since he found her so attractive and wanted to know her status with the guy at the table". This offended her and she declined the offer. Evidently, this is a common practice by the manager to prey on female patrons as the waitress had no problem assailing her on his behalf. My GF returned embarrassed/offended and wanted to leave immediately; she wouldn't  tell me what was wrong until we exited the restaurant, in order to prevent a scene from occurring.The manager should really take some classes on business ethics. Patrons are there for the growth of your establishment, not for your own carnal desires.
4	Coming out of a later movie in Glendale the other night, we decided to look for a place to eat nearby.  Whipped out the smartphone, set the setting to YELP, and the tractor beam locked onto Grimaldi's nearby.  Off we went at warp speed.At the time of arrival, which was later dinnertime, there was no wait.  We got a table and had to hop up on the chairs to sit there.  Looking around, I enjoyed the whimsy of the decor, with what appeared as wine bottles with their bottoms cut off as hanging lights, different NYC Subway signs, some b&w classic NYC scenes, and the cooks nearby, twirling the pizza dough.The menu is clearly focused on the pies, with basically just a few appetizers and salads for other items.  We ordered a Caesar salad to start.  The plate and salad were nice and chilled, with the dressing having a slight lemon taste; it was light, not a hearty Caesar dressing, but enjoyable.The presentation of the pizza is as they should be: a stand to give it the respect it deserves, and served on a platter with a serving utensil (unlike many places that just expect you to use your own fork or knife--barbarians!)  Ours was a large, thin crust cheese pizza with fresh tomatoes and kalamata olives.  The tomatoes were perfectly cut and distributed--it looked like a pepperoni pizza.  The olives stood out, very nice flavor with a salty kick--these were the good ones and not overcooked!  Although I did order a pie with sauce, I didn't really notice it...maybe they didn't use much.  I hope to return and try that again.Though there was plenty to fill us up and take a few pieces home, we decided to save room for dessert and ordered the tiramisu, which is always interesting to see how each place interprets it.  We found they don't make their own (though they do make their own cheesecakes), but it was excellent: very moist and flavorful.Our service was great: the waitress came over several times to see how we were doing and someone else came by towards the end to see if we had a good experience.  Of course, it also wasn't the rush hour, so that helped.I hope to make it back to this or another of their locations, as it has great thin crust pizza WITHOUT a huge wait.  Beam me back, Scotty!
4	My friend took me for her favorite pizza around the area. It was delicious with a crispy thin crust, right amount of sauce. My half had pepperoni and onion.  I would have preferred a few more onions for the $2.00 per topping but the pepperoni was generous.  The waitress was efficient and refilled my ice tea 3 x's without asking. The place wasn't busy so the pizza came quickly. My friend and I split the Carmel toffee cheesecake that was divine. I would recommend this place and will go again.
4	If you like genuine NY brick oven pizza made with fresh mozzarella,tasty tomato sauce and quality meats, this is da place! Choice of freshly made crusts..thick or thin..both are great. I'm fourth generation off the boat  Italian and fussy about my pizza and this really hits the spot. A large pizza with toppings is a reasonable under $20.00. Mangia!
4	This place has great food, great service and is in a great location. The lunch specials are a good deal, but if your eating and drinking here for dinner your tab will be pretty high. Just make sure you check the beer and wine prices before ordering or you could be sitting there staring at your bill going "wtf."
1	A while ago my friends and I stopped by here for the very first time and I can't recall what we ordered but it was a thin crust pizza. The crust was crispy but not hard to where it tasted like cardboard. The ingredients tasted fresh and the pizza itself had tons of flavor! I loved it! A week later, another girlfriend of mine and I wanted to go somewhere to eat. Me being a pizza freak, I suggested pizza as told her that she had to try this place.We got there and were seated. As I am sitting I look down at my empty plate and THERE WAS A FREAKING DEAD CRICKET ON IT!!! I was astonished! So we get up to leave; On our way out, we told someone and they said they'd seat us elsewhere! Uhhhh no thank you, you can eat your own insect pizza! No apology, no nothing!!
4	I just tried Grimaldi's for the first time and enjoyed the experience on the whole. Their pizza is quite unique and while I wouldn't say it is a favorite of mine it is still very good. We also ordered two small salads and were surprised by how big they were. We wondered what the large salads must look like. Also, the cheesecake was some of the best I have had in awhile. That was probably even better than the pizza to tell you the truth.The restaurant did feel a little crowded and there were certainly a lot of people there, but it seemed like a great place to eat nonetheless. The prices are slightly higher than what I expected, but I still had a nice experience at this pizzeria.
5	Usually am a proponent of diversity, but best dang white pizza ever...I'm usually a Chicago-style deep dish pizza lover by habit.  Went to Grimaldi's on the recommendation of a co-worker with some people on my team.  Service was quick and accurate, drinks were delivered promptly and kept full, and the pizza landed in about ten minutes.I ordered a lunch special-- the White Pizza with tomatoes and a special order of sausage.  UBER YUM!  There's no tomato sauce on this disc of flavor as it's a mix of two white cheeses, but it rocks.  Plus, the lunch special with salad and drink comes in at under $10, plus tip.Went back with my wife this past weekend and she loved it to.  For three people, bill came to about $40, counting tip.  Not as great a deal, but still worth the trip.  So, great deal and service, clean restaurant with nice a nice design, spectacular food, and killer lunch pricing.  Have just found a new fave.
1	Ate here was not impressed with the service or food. Pizza was mediocre and while we were dining a server came and removed our table condiments such as red pepper, parmesean, salt, & pepper. Although they weren't busy we still had an hour before close and I thought that was very rude (I actually use red peppers) won't be back here and for the price and atmosphere I have higher expectations
4	This place was great.  Was in town on business and went here with a couple of coworkers.  We ended up getting two pizzas and salad.  I loved the meatlovers pizza, the crust was great and was filled with lots of toppings.  We also got a pesto artichoke pizza that was also great.  Overall if I were in the area again I would def check this spot out again.
3	Ordered the white pizza with tomato onion and kalamata olives and was pretty tasty. They recommended that the pizza be cooked for an extended amount of time because of the wet ingredients which caused the crust to be slightly burned with a tad too much crunch for my tastes.  Plenty of staff inside.  Interior atmosphere was o.k.  The only markdown I give them is the price. It seemed to lack value and was over priced.  Probably will not return given it is too far away from me...and even if there were one closer, other places would get my dollar first.
5	My favorite local pizza spot to eat with the family or on a date night. love the pepperoni and garlic pizza. So yummy! Great service and relaxed environment. They will even hold your pizza if you have a movie to catch.
4	Ive been remiss in posting updates: But, we have been to Grimaldi's at Park Central numerous times since my original post.  The pizza's are very good, and the ingredients are of good quality. The wine selection is nice. If you go during the spring, you are certain to see some type of celebrity. Also, be sure to sign up for the email's and your birthday to get a free pizza for your birthday.  If you are without children, I suggest you sit at the bar. Quick, and excellent service.
5	I still prefer deep dish pies, but Grimaldi's definitely makes it tough to hold steady on that position.Best recommendation I can give you is that the day after pizza was almost as delicious as the day of pizza.
5	Impressive every timeHave been back a few times since my last review.  Visited yesterday and all is still excellent.  Pizzas remain incredibly yummy, service is fast and kind, and it's an excellent choice when you have kids.  The dough they give younglings to play with keeps them occupied and is a winner of an idea.We had one boo-boo where the server mixed up my little girl's order.  The manager immediately came out, apologized, and said it was on them.  An occasional error happens and I told him that was nice to offer, but not necessary.  TIP: We ordered a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Cheesecake to share for dessert-- makes you want to say Hallelujah after each bite.  The bill came and both my daughter's meal and the dessert were credited back.  I made it up on the tip side, but it was a forthright gesture that the place wants to nail the dining experience every time.  NICE!
5	This is the pizza place that spoiled the taste of any other pizza for me, because it is the best I've ever had ! Oh how I miss you Grimaldi's ! Nothing compares to you ; )
4	This is a great family place! They give you a ball of dough to play with for the kids. I love the meatball and pesto pizza and the house wine is great to drink as well! If you go try to go before they change over to supper that is when the real deals happen!
4	Love this pizza- consistently good and you can't beat the pepperoni. Our favorite is the white garlic pizza with pepperoni. the cheesecakes are awesome too.Free pizza on your birthday if you sign up on their website. One negative experience with a waitress, but other than that we've never had a bad experience here. It can get crowded during busy times and it is a bit loud, but this is a pizza place.
4	When I want pizza in the valley, this is what I want. The pepperoni at Grimaldi's is amazing. And I'm normally not a fan of it. Why white pizzas are great. Combine the two and I'm going to need to haul my butt to the gym because I'm downing half a pizza.They have a decent selection of beer and wine. Maybe not as good as some places but not bad. And the seasonal cheesecakes are great. Assuming that were are ordering less than 1 pizza for every other person, then I usually have room for the cheesecake and never regret it. If you do overdo it at dinner... just do some jumping jacks and pack it down!The staff is friendly and I've only ever had 1 issue with anyone here. Also don't forget to sign up on their website for a free pizza on your birthday.
2	First they were very busy,  but that doesn't excuse poor service.  Our waiter was also the Bartender.  He took great care of the people at the bar but continued to forgery about us.  Only refilled our drinks once after we finally got his attention after 20 minutes.  He walked past us multiple times workout even glancing at us. Then or order was wrong which they did correct the pizza without us mentioning it and the salad was corrected after my wife brought it to the attention of the manager who waited on us more than our actual waiter. Different might have been better experience.The food did taste good.  Call me old fashion but if I am spending $70 plus on a meal,  I expect good service. I would not go back just because of the service.
4	Ricotta, extra mozzarella, pepperoni and Italian sausage make the best pie. Kim is a great personality.
1	Honestly? I'm just done with this Grimaldi's. The service absolutely SUCKS and last night's effort was definitely a perfect example of what's wrong with this location.We had a 1 hour wait last evening, which was excessive given there were tables that were empty waiting to be filled for quite some time. Secondly, we ordered 2 salads but only received 1 of them. We waited so long for the other, the pizza came out first so we cancelled the other salad. No apology. No offer of making it up to us...nothing. There were at least 1/2 a dozen times when a server or a guest broke a dish or glass while we were there. It was almost to the point where people should have started shouting OPAH! afterwards! At one point during our meal, a child raised a plate over his head, smashed a plate to the floor (to which the parents did NOTHING--but that's another story) right in front of the server. The plate broke in a thousand pieces, several of which hit us in the legs. It took at least 15 minutes before someone came and swept up the remnants of the broken plate. That is unacceptable but......Did the manager come over? Heck no. He didn't even MOVE or turn around from his seat at the bar where he was parked watching the Spurs/Heat game. That's right. The manager parked his butt in a seat at the bar the entire time. He would randomly get up and go cut a pizza from time to time, without washing his hands first mind you, but he never came around to a single table, never looked up once during the parade of broken dishes, and could not have been any less involved in his shift. The pizza took so long to arrive that it was actually cold and the crust was soggy. Done. There's just no reason for this when Grimaldi's isn't a cheap visit at all. I've given too many chances and it's just not worth it.
5	Great pizza, nice crispy thin crust, great sauce best I have had since moving to the valley.  Service was also good will be back for more I highly recommend giving them a try.
1	the pizza is good when its fresh but while eating I noticed a long blonde hair on one of my sons pizza slices and when the waiter FINALLY got around to us we were done.  The pizza was fine but when I mentioned the slice with a hair on it I could tell the waiter and manager didn't believe me, it took 20 minutes to get our check the whole experience was ridiculous and unpleasent.  I made a yelp account because of this experience.
1	Walked in the door to the host listening to a server blatantly bitching about something, no acknowledgement, nothing, and another gentlemen with his back to the door who greeted me before the two girls staring right at me!Our server was a little frazzled, but I am throwing that on tweedle dee at the front who clearly had triple sat her.The place has a huge acoustics problem.. It was boisterously loud and echoey.  THe layout is really awkward, it is an oddly shaped place and that leads to tables being in odd spots.  We were in some sort of corner of a corner.I was about to walk out as I was waiting for the hubster to find a parking spot (really tricky at this place on a weekend) and he found a spot quicker than our server greeted us (about 5 min).  But I felt bad leaving after he had spent so much time to find a place to park and we had wanted to try this place... We were actually trying it so see if it would be a good fit for a large (i.e 25 people) party we are planning in November (clearly we have decided against that)I ordered a beer, I had asked what their draft selection was and she said that they had the Sam Adams seasonal (knowing Sam Adams usually has more than one seasonal at a time, this was as informative as telling me the beer was yellow).  I inquired more and the server said, "oh, I don't know, its like light you know, definitely lighter than Blue Moon"  I reply with, "light in what sense because Blue Moon is not a heavy beer in the slightest bit" ,( its actually an anti-beer..back in the serving days it is what I would suggest to people who want a beer that didn't usually drink beer). Her reply was "oh Blue Moon is REALLY strong! So this beer isn't like this!"  Oh jeez.  Really?!?!  Why I continued to ask for more clarification is beyond me, clearly this girl had never had actual beer in her life.. (having worked at a brewery for eight years, there is an inevitable beer snobbery that kicks in)  But, I have had some REALLY GROSS Sam Adams before (ie. their Winter beer with pine needles...yes, yes, pine needles...it tastes as air freshenery as it sounds)  Anyways, insert 3 more completely incorrect statements about beer later, and I just ordered the damn thing.  It was 118 out the weekend we went, and I just wanted something cold...all else fails I could just down it.  I was very thirsty by time it got to me...8 minutes later-with no head bc it sat at the well so long.  It was the oh so lovely host who brought it (which mind you, didn't look like she was old enough to serve the glass).  While waiting for my food (see below) I ordered a second beer...yeah, that one took so long to get to me it was warm...sigh.About 30 min later the hubster's pizza came.  Mine, not so much.  Our server did not even acknowledge that my pizza was MIA.  I saw her frantically trying to get the managers attention.  I saw her impatiently talking to the expo. I saw her pacing.  Not once did she say, "hey it will be just a moment on the pizza".  Five minutes later she finally gets the manager to acknowledge she needs help.  Manager goes to the line, gets my pizza and delivers it.  Not once does the MANAGER say "sorry about the wait, etc".  I bring up the wait.  Her response...HA! "Oh well, our pizzas are hand made, so they can't possibly all come out at the same time. And your pizza has fresh sausage on it, so clearly it has to cook for longer.  I mean you should see how it is when we have large parties, they never get their food at the same time. It is just how we do things here. You should of expected that for a fresh made pizza"   WHAT THE HECK?!?!?!?!?! Did that just happen?!?Oh and your FRESH sausage...it tastes just like the pepperoni on the hubsters pizza...tastes just like Jimmy Dean. Lady, don't patronize me. I worked in restaurants for 13 years, I watched the game happen the second our server realized she forgot to put my pizza in...Don't make up some lame excuse about pizzas can't possibly be ready at the same time for the same table...if that is actually true then you have a very POORLY run kitchen.Our server was nice, but that didn't make up for the horrible service we got... Only part of it was on her end though.I asked for a box, server said she would box it...ugh I hate that. What I ended up with was foil very loosely covering my pizza and thrown in a huge bag...umm...really?!?  You're a pizza joint and this is the best method you have for left overs?!$50 for two pizzas, 2 beers, and a salad accompanied by obnoxious staff and overcooked pizzas....yeeeah no thanks!Oh and they were rolling silverware outside on the patio... Sucks for the server that does it & I sure hope bugs don't land on the "clean silverware".
4	Pizza was fantastic! We got a large Pepperoni, Meatball, Sausage, Mushroom, and Olive pizza and it was some of the best New York style pizza I have had. The large was just enough to fill us up. Another group at our table got a different pizza and it was watery and cheese was really gooey, so it might be hit or miss. Service was good. Our waiter came over to our table just enough times to get us a couple refills and our check. Our hostess was very nice and kept checking in on us, asking if we wanted drinks or to look at a menu, while we were waiting for our table to be ready. For a large pizza and 5 beers we paid $50, so it was a little pricey, but not to bad.
1	My boyfriend and I heard good things so we decided to try it out. We were seating immediately but it took 15 minutes before someone took our order and then an hour until we got our medium pepperoni pizza. The salads were- eh. I would choose a QT salad over Grimaldi's any day. Oh yeah,  when we finally got our pizza-it was BURNT on the bottom. For all the money this place charges. So not worth it. Should have went to Pizza Hut. :/
3	Kept seeing this place next to the theater and I decided to try it out one day.  I had the ceasar salad and cheese pizza. The food was decent enough to eat it all but I mostly live the atmosphere, artwork on the walls, and great jazz music.  Nice cost place to stop by at for a glass of wine after a movie.
5	Grimaldi's is my favorite pizza. The staff is always pleasant and attentive. I love the brick oven cooked pizza. Their crust is thin and has just enough crisp to it. I prefer the white pizza that they make. I am not fond of pizza sauce so I'm really glad they have an alternative. Although they are on the high end of pricing I feel it's worth every penny. My husband and I usually get a large white pizza with sausage and mushroom, which is AMAZING! We always end up with leftovers for lunch the next day and it is still good, even cold.
1	My husband and I went to Grimaldi's today for lunch.  We decided to try this place one more time. Our last visit resulted in my sister biting into a large piece of coal and breaking her tooth. According to the manager this is common and they are supposed to check the pizza for coal before serving. My sister got the run around for awhile before she finally got her tooth looked at by a dentist. The manager wanted my sister to pay for everything and then Grimaldi's would reimburse. She finally was able to get the insurance information for billing, prior to her dentist appointment. This took several phone calls and a lot of frustration on her part.  Today we decided to check the pizza ourself for coal and sure enough my husband found two small pieces in his pizza slice. Our waitress started out waiting tables and ended up behind the bar serving drinks. We had to ask several other waitresses for another, beer, water, etc., because our waitress never came back to our table.  The service was horrible and the food was not worth the wait or the frustration of bad service!!!
3	I'll agree with some of the other reviews and say that the food is good, but the service is inconsistent. I have come here a few times for the food (white pizza) and found that my dining experience is anything but normal. Our first visit here found me bragging about the place to relatives. The service we received that visit was amazing (my drink was never empty and food was out in no time). Since that time, I have come back for birthday visits (free pizza with coupon) only to find inconsistent service. During one of our visits, because space was limited, the waiter placed my family (five people total; including a child in a car seat) at a table meant for two. We literally had no place to eat. However, my last visit was great! The waitress was very attentive and left me feeling like it was a great place to eat at. All-in-all: It is a gamble as to the service you will receive, but the food is great. Do not get caught coming to the restaurant when they are "stoking the oven." It takes an hour and will leave you needing a second choice in eating. My advice is to call ahead of time. This place is worth giving a chance, but do not be surprised if you leave feeling like the service was less than average.
5	Everyone says that the best pizza in Arizona is Pizzera Bianco.  I think it is Grimaldi's.  I am 99% vegan, but when I have cheat days, it is for cheese pizza and there are only a couple of places I am going to cheat at.  Grimaldi's is one.  I swear I could eat an entire 18" by myself.
4	My family eats here often. One if the best pizza places in the valley. Fresh ingredients. The salads and desserts are really tasty too. We are picky about our pizza and hard to please and this is 1 of 3 places we will eat pizza at in the Valley.
4	I am fast becoming a pizza afficianado.    We found this group of restaurants off of Northern and the 101 - one exit before the cardinal stadium.  I like Grimaldis.  It's different pizza.  You can't go wrong.  Pizza is good and salads are great too.
4	I'm not a big fan of thin crust pizza but for this place I would recommend this place for is fresh toppings like the mozzarella and traditional sauces. We came here for a birthday celebration because my SO signed up for their email list and you get a free large one topping pizza for your birthday. There was some miscommunication with our server and received the pizza with a different sauce which we were fine with but the server and the manger were insistent on getting it taken care of. The atmosphere is nice with it being nicer with the outdoor seating. The only complaint we really had was it was cold inside with the indoor seating
5	Love the atmosphere and the delicious pizza.  It's the perfect combination of crispy and thicknes.  You can tell they use high quality ingredients.  Yes, I do admit the wait is long on weekends but if you want to enjoy fast service and don't mind a dinner date during the week then I suggest you go on the not so busy days.  They don't have much of a appetizer selection, but who needs appetizers with pizza this good! This is one of my favorite romantic places to go with my husband. I definitely recommend it.
5	Awesome service and the pizza is so good. All the pizzas are so delicious. Every time I come to Arizona I always have to visit this place.
5	Since my family and I eat here at least once a month i should leave a review. This place is amazing. beer selection is great. Best Pizza in Arizona. Never bad service and place is always busy. Great cheesecake!!!!
4	Great pizza! I was in the mood for thin crust and this place delivered. There was something about the dough that had a unique taste which was good. I will come back for sure!
5	THE PIZZA IS SOOO GOOD!Ok, first of all Grimaldi's Pizza is a New York style pizza with a coal burning oven.The pizza is very cheesy and also has very good homemade sauce.We went there last night and here is what we think,Pizza- 5 (cheese, grilled chicken /w roasted peppers and sun dried tomatoes)Drinks- 4 ( Iced Tea, and lemonade)I would recommend going to ANY Grimaldi's, they have great pizza and are very consistent.
5	Great thin crust pizza with really fresh toppings. You may want to order a size bigger than usual based on the super thin crust
4	Good pizza, wish there was more cheese. Didn't realize each topping was a charge. Used to 2 or more topping there be a charge. But overall a great place to eat, nice and relaxing. to bad the landlord does not allow dogs on the patio.
4	We were doing some shopping and decided to get a late lunch. I had the white pizza with tomatoes and the hubby had the red sauce with pepperoni. Both were delicious. I ordered the personal size and hubby had the small. I thought the personal pizza was pretty large and could not finish it. We split the butterscotch toffee cheesecake that was super yummy. The house Pinot Grigio was decent and only $4 a glass. The service was a tad slow but we liked not feeling rushed at the same time. We will definitely be going back.
5	I love this place! The staff is always friendly and the pizza is amazing. Its expensive but so worth the money. My boyfriend and I love to go here. The crust and sauce is what makes this pizza the best. I enjoy their desserts as well.
2	This place has great Pizza.  After buying it here for years I won't be back.  I waited 10 minutes to place a to go order only to be passed up for the bartenders friends.  Maybe you have to know someone here to get good service.  I will not go back to this place.  There is a much better one in Gilbert and Scottsdale.  Same great food, better service.
4	Glad we ordered half original pizza and half white pizza, with italian sausage topping. Glad my friend liked the white pizza more, because I liked the original pizza.Glad the pizza came out perfectly, the bottom not being burnt. Glad one of the worker is a Dodgers fan. P.S. Tommy Lasorda eats here when he's in town. Amazing pizza makes me really happy.
3	The pizza here is delicious. The service at this location is poor. The staff isn't rude, they just seem inexperienced with customer service. Long wait times for refills, long wait to get the check, long wait for them to pick up the check, etc. The booth wasn't cleaned when we got there and someone in my group sat on some dessert that hadn't been cleaned off the seat. She used the napkin and told the waiter when he came by that she needed a new napkin and that the booth wasn't cleaned. He responded with "ohh.... okay I'll get you a new napkin" instead of "sorry about that! Let me get you a new napkin and have someone come by to wipe it down." There was a survey with the check, so I'm assuming they are aware of the problem.
5	Been coming here for a few years and have never had bad service or bad food.  If you have young kids they bring them a small piece of dough to play with. If you want you can watch them make your pizza. All the pizzas are hand tossed it's really neat to see them toss your pizza in the air.
4	I am a fan!  My dearest and I went last night - he is borderline diabetic so doesn't eat pizza very often.  But, he had a need for za so we went to Grimaldi's.  We had been there once before many year ago with a larger party but this was just the two of us.  Red and white checkered tablecloths - I looked around for LADY or a TRAMP but none in sight.  We got there early and were lucky to score a high top table as the place was filled otherwise.  Our waitress was so good.  Personable, knowledgeable about the menu and much more importantly, friendly.  I ordered the house pinot  for $4.00.  WOW.  Generous pour and a really nice pinot.  OK so my dearest went with a Miller Lite.............  There are three basic choices for the pizza.   Regular, tomato based sauce (sure it was San Marzano's), white sauce and pesto.  We opted for the regular with meatball, onion, mushroom and green pepper on half for you know who!  Not me!The atmosphere is fun - lively, kids doing their thing, and a great patio!  We waited awhile for our pizza but it was fun just date talking and people watching.   Several of the people around us ordered one of their salads.  They looked wonderful and the small one easily feeds 3 if not 4.  When our pizza came it was delicioso!  I am such a fan.  They only serve beer and wine but what's not to like with an excellent pino grig at $4 and Miller Lite ( oh yes they did have many other more palatable options).  I am looking forward to going back!  Highly recommended!
1	walked over there for dinner saturday night and they were closed!
5	Excellent New York style pizza! I never expected to find this good of pizza in Phoenix, but maybe I should. The entire city is an oven!
3	Pretty great pizzas! A bit pricy but you are paying for quality here not quantity. It's delicious!
4	First time at Grimaldi's... Great experience!!  We had a 30min wait on a Friday night but it was definitely worth it. Kim was our server and she was hilarious! She kept us laughing the whole time. Not to mention her service was exceptional. There was an error on our order and she quickly addressed it. Pizza and salad was delish. Request Kim at Peoria location and you'll definitely come back!
3	Good pizza, but not great.  They have different pizza basic options ... And you add toppings at. $2-$4/ea from there.  It can get pricey fast if you let kids order.They only have one special 'defined' pizza.  Personally, I like to see what chefs come up with - if I want to make my own, I'll call a delivery service.Big wine selection ... But wine and pizza don't go for me.Lots of lagers and hoppy ales - no stouts, porters or brown ales (I don't count Newcastle anymore)
3	The pizza was really good especially the tomato sauce that they used.However, I'm not really a fan of pizza place where you pay for each topping that you want, which can be pricey. . I prefer specialty pizza menu. The environment is more of a family pizza place.
5	Not a fan of thin crust but this was awesome!!
3	Good pizza and salad.  Slow service for groups.  They also need better specials to attract Happy Hour crowd.
5	This is the best thin crust pizza in Phoenix..I love the the basic pepperoni and sausage but everything I have tried is awesome.
2	First experience at Grimaldi's and the waitress was terrible we were here for it seemed the whole night like a couple hours. The pizza was good. Thin crust style burnt crispy crust. If it were not for the service it was overall an ok experience. The pizza wasn't that that good and not good enough to make it worth my money to come back. I also didn't like that toppings were a la carte. The pizza is well overpriced with a large cheese being 16. Toppings being 2 to 4 per topping. So no for pizza instead of a fine dining 5 course meal and wine 5 hour dining definitely not worth my time. The only positive about the waitress was she filled my water. I'm done and out!
3	This location should receive 5 stars for the food and none for the service.  So I compromised.  We arrived at 415pm on a Saturday and we were informed by the Host as he drank a soda with the straw in his mouth "we are stoking, are you familiar with this".  No, this was the first time we've been here.  Still with the straw in his mouth, "we have to change the coals out and re-start the fire and this process takes about an hour".  Ok, we will order an appetizer and wait.  He then said, it will be just a moment while we get your table ready.  I looked around and there were only 3 tables occupied.  About 15 minutes later, he directs us to a table right near where we were standing.  The server took our drink order and offered to go ahead and place the order so we were first in line when the oven was ready.  We ordered a couple appetizers and placed the order.  The small salad was enough for 3 people and the large antipata was enough for 5.  They were wonderful!  We ordered 2 large pizzas & a large calzone- All were excellent!  The meatball pizza was amazing!  The calzone was stuffed full and did not disappoint.  The price was a little high.  Not happy that you have to pay $4-$6 for each additional topping.  When we were ready to go, the server was nowhere in sight.  We finally waived down a Manager and he took our card.  Only then did the Server appear and drop off our bill and say, "thank you so much for stopping in".  Again, the food was fantastic, but the service was bad.  And why they would change the coals at dinner time on a Saturday, I'm not sure.  I would go back again.  But I would order ahead and make sure to avoid the "stoking" hours.
5	Listen, this place could have the worst service, horrible atmosphere and ridiculous prices and I'd still come here. And the answers yes, there pizza is just that good. But here's the bonus; there's great service and a nice italian diner atmosphere. Located conveniently next to a Harkins Theatre it's a wonderful date location as well. As long as they don't tweak that wonderful pizza this Italian isn't going to change his opinion(Fact, it's a FACT that there pizza is delicious ;)
5	The pizza here was delicious!! Pluses are that the crust was perfectly crisp and the ingredients were fresh and you could taste it. Freshness does come at a cost though, and this place can hit you in the wallet if you let it.
5	First time at a Grimaldi's. The smell was amazing before I even got to the door. A hostess opened the door for us and immediately sat us. The service was prompt and the pizza was AMAZING. We joined the e-mail club while we were there and got a $5 off coupon that we used on the bill. Also, the environment and decor was awesome. Great food, great atmosphere, good service.
1	Rude staff, rude manager, and slow service.  We have given it three separate tries and it is the same every time. Perhaps I am overly critical of the rudeness because I work in hospitality. However, we will not be returning.
5	Great pizza, great service. Salad was good. It has a feeling of an authentic Italian restaurant, similar to tastes we experienced while in Italy. The server was very attentive and the manager on staff was jumping in and serving and checking on tables. We will go back.
5	The Best pizza that I have ever tasted they r a little slow on service So order 2 drinis at one time
4	Really nicely decorated. Our servers was very helpful, suggesting a different approach to our order. Which was really appreciated and a better idea. The pizza was a little crusty with a little more oil than I'm use to. It was still really good, and they had a good selection of stand alones and mixed large pizzas. On that note, a large pizza is ideal for 3-4 people. Makes for about two slices a person. Combined with drinks it a fair split.
4	My favorite pizza place! New hostesses and waitress's made for a bit of a inconvenience as the waitress called our name but the other hostess gave our table to another group. Good thing it was immediately rectified or I would have been disappointed. All in all our meal was fantastic as usual!
4	Went today for lunch, very nice experience!!! Waiter was helpful (Cesar ) and explained menu as it was our first time! Had delicious ice tea, house salad and individual pizzas!!! Food came quickly and hot! Not a big selection for lunch pizzas or calzones but the basic!  Intend to come again and get a large one with more topping! A little more pricey than average pizza place but the service and added elegance (table cloths, cloth napkins) made it worth it! I recommend you try it if you like thin crust pizza, just the right amount of sauce and a crispy crust which I do love!!!
2	Well, I am back to re-rate this place. Father's Day found me and the family out and about. Unfortunately, the service here was...well I am not sure it is considered service. We arrived and were given the option of waiting thirty (30) minutes or sitting outside. Opting for the outdoor seating, and given the heat, we expected a waiter that would at least make sure we had something to drink.The service started out normal with drinks coming out fairly quickly; however, that was the end of the pleasantries. Again, with the heat, our drinks went rather quickly. Our empty glasses sat for roughly 10 minutes before our waiter (Vanessa) came back to refill them. Seated outside, we had no clue where our waiter was most of the time because we only saw her three times: 1) when she took our order, 2) when she refilled our drinks (for the first and only time), and 3) when she brought us the check. To make matters worse, the waiter helping the people across from us was doing an excellent job (i.e., refilling drinks, conversing, and checking on the quality of the food). It was like night and day between the waiters. Overall, our waiter was either ready to clock out or just didn't care about us. Again, the food is good, but the service can be ridiculously bad. It was not a nice way to spend a Father's Day.
4	I took my daughter, niece, and nephew here yesterday for an early dinner.  We were all starving and couldn't wait to eat.  The wait wasn't long at all but it was 6pm on a Wednesday.  The waitress was very kind and prompt with our drinks and salad.  But our pizza was another story. Other customers who arrived after us received theirs before us. After 45 minutes of waiting I asked the waitress for a discount because I felt they were taking too long.  10 minutes later the manager came out and apologized and told us the pizza was on them.  And shortly after that the pizza arrived. All the kids shouted FINALLY!!  Lol the waitress kept apologizing which I respected!  And the we all dug in. The pizza was delicious and the crust was amazing.  I would have given 5stars but the wait was reDICKulous   But over all we loved it and I wouldn't mind going back and trying it out again even though I feel like the price was a little bit too much per topping I feel like it was worth it.
5	Love this place. Went for the first time the other day. Food was great, atmosphere was great, service was great. Will definitely be back.
4	Great pizza with an excellent free birthday gift of a free pizza if you are in their email club. That was nice. Just had to pay for drinks and a salad for our meal yesterday!  Very nice-and their pizza is excellent!
4	Love this place..  Their Pizza n salad are delicious.  Every time I go here, never disappointed.  The Service & food is amazing. In all the times I've been here, I've always had great service. Unfortunately, yesterday(6-28-14),  my server was not up to par. Remind you, it was not busy. She did not pre-bus, it took a while before We got what we requested for, rarely checked on us, had some attitude, and condescending. I definitely will make sure I don't have her on my next visit.  If it will help management, she was the server to a party of 9 ppl and a baby, having a baby shower lunch. However on a previous visit, our server Tommy, well yesterday, he came and visited our table and greeted us with a warm hello.  This was just a nice gesture that our server remembered us.   :) Keep up the great work Grimaldi's!!!
3	Overall good dinner.  But nothing blew me away.  Pizza was good, cannoli was average, soda was watered down.  Server was great and I liked the atmosphere.  Price was good too.
1	This pizza has no flavor. The crust was good but that's really it. Totally disappointed.
2	We had some time (40 minutes) before our movie started so we thought it would be a good spot to grab some food, and it was not busy at all on a friday night so we thought that would help with time too. We go in and even though the place is empty we are sat in a tiny dark corner and left to look at our menus. We sat for about 10 minutes and then we had to get up and go over to the several girls standing at the hostess stand and asked where our server was, after another 3 minutes or so he finally showed up and took our drink and food orders, the food took some time but did show up. It was good and I liked the brick oven taste it had but then they messed up on (and again took forever) to get our dessert order. We only saw our server once, no refills offered on our drinks and it was all together a horrible experience, and late 10 min to our movie. Next time we will go over to toby keith's place a short walk up instead!
5	OK picture this... 106 degrees outside in the shade in the middle of the AZ desert.  Some one had a fantastic idea, lets put a BRICK OVEN PIZZA shop here in Peoria!!  Awesome pizza.  I was looking for some good pie as I am missing the east coast.  I found this place in a nice upscale outdoor shopping plaza.  I walked in and was seated pretty much right away.  I ordered a soda and the large pie, (I had a feeling I would eat well in the hotel later, I was right).  I got pepperoni and mushroom.  The pizza came out about 20 min later and it was fantastic, the crust was thin and properly blackened from the brick oven, the sauce was proportioned well with crushed tomato and the mozzarella was applied in slices which was a nice touch.  I ate half and took the other half to go.  It was just as delicious later.  When I went in I did not know that this was a chain and was a pizza company started in NYC but has grown across the country.  I cannot wait to get home and try out the Tampa location!
3	Great pizza! No complaints at all on the food!  So-so service :( Waitress forgot our order, didn't acknowledge it, didn't offer to recover the service in any way.  Improve the service and you would have a lifetime customer...
5	Not our first time here but it always good. The staff is very friendly. The pizza is yhe best I've had.
2	Came here again Thursday night. Service was poor, again. Hope they fix these problems soon!
1	I never rate on Yelp due to horrendous service but I feel like everyone should be warned. We sat down and ordered 15 minutes later, got our salads then waited an hour before we noticed our food was not at the table yet. After addressing it with the manager she said it would be ANOTHER 40 minutes and was not apologetic and had informed us that our server should have told us it was 1.5 wait for our pizza.  This place is seriously unorganized and is in desperate need of a staff revamp. We couldn't wait because we had an event so all 9 of us had to leave. They still charged us for our alcohol. This is the worst dining experience I have ever encountered and will never be eating at this location EVER AGAIN.  This location needs a serious reality check, you are running your business to the ground!
5	Excellent thin crust pizza. Very much like NY style. I only tried the pizza on this visit but will be back to sample other menue items.
5	So.....I have only had pizza once in the past 4 months and it was super crappy.  I needed to get some good pizza in my system asap.   Now that I live in Arizona, a Grimaldis is always close by.  Decided to come down to this one in Peoria (It's only about a 15 minute drive from my new house) for lunch.I ordered a large cheese pizza and a Diet Pepsi.  I kept it simple today.  Pizza was as good as always.  Great thin/charred crust, fresh mozzarella, great sauce and a little basil.  It's a perfect pizza!  I ate 4 slices and brought the other half home for dinner.Service was friendly and my waitress brought me another soda right when I was about done with my first...she was on point!  The manager came by to everybody's table and asked them how the food was too.  I will be back sooner than later.  This pizza today made my move to AZ worth it ;-).  I can't say enough good things about Grimaldis.
1	We LOVED Grimaldi's until we went last night... They had dropped our pizza on the floor and had to make it for us again.. No big deal, except that while they were making us a new pizza they were using a high pressure hose and spraying it straight down on the floor making a huge range of water back spray, hitting our new pizza and the open line where all the toppings are kept. Gross, I wont pay for floor water pizza. We had to leave. So disappointed and the worst part was the manager didn't even care.
5	The best pizza in town!  Great service and food came out quickly, especially on a busy Friday night.  Our server Cesar was courteous and professional. You gotta try this place if you love good pizza.
5	Absolutely the best pizza ever! The service is always good. People really seems to care. Been going here for years never had an issue!...
5	Great food and I witnesses outstanding customer service today from the management at this location. I will be back!
3	Good pizza. Nice patio and indoor seating. The waitress was very pleasant and thoroughly explained the menu. Ordered a small Caesar salad and it was more than enough to serve two. I would've added a bit more dressing and preferred buttered seasoned croutons instead the toasted bread cubes, but it was good. My friends pizza came out a good four minutes before my pizza arrived, even though we ordered at the same time and my pizza had less toppings.The pizzas were good, fresh ingredients. They only offer thin crust, which I prefer, but not for everyone.I liked the very fresh whole milk mozzarella, it melts so much better and adds that string cheesy pull.The personal size pizza that we ordered was more than enough for two to share.It's a cool place to hang out and good for a date night
4	Ah, finally a place I can write a good review about.  Saturday night and the place is packed. Lucky I made a reservation, others had to wait 20-30 minutes as there were private parties, families couples and groups of folks everywhere...and the place is pretty big. Plenty of staff to serve everyone and we were quickly seated. Ordered the house salad and a couple of personal sized pizzas. The salad arrived quickly and one small took care of two of us. There was one guy tossing the pizza dough and he was putting on quite a show, although not sure I would want the pizza where he ran the dough across his back, that shirt was a bit sweaty. But, he was talented  that is for sure. Pizza arrived and it was very good, New York style  thin crust. Cheese was fresh and excellent, good sauce, crust while the bottom was crisp and the edges done well, there was still a thin layer of soggy between the toppings and the bottom. Maybe that is just the way a brick oven cooks. Overall a superior product that will bring me back again.
5	Kevin is the best server. He always takes care of me and my family. He's hilarious and very kind. Pizza is bomb. I always get the sausage and pepperoni pizza with a small Caesar salad. BOMB! You must order Oreo cheesecake for dessert. It is TO DIE FOR. If you haven't been to Grimaldis, get your toosh there right now.
5	Always fresh, great service(ask for Kevin). I enjoy this place very much. Fun for family or a night out with friends.
3	Great Great Pizza!!!!The reason I gave it three stars is because the service. My friend and I walked in and was told give me a minute by the host. The host was busy with a to go order. Three servers came to the front and never greeted or acknowledged my friend and I. The manager was standing over by the pizza stove and watched us. Asked two others if we have been helped but never came over to see for herself. A male server finally came up to us but by that time the host was available for us. We were sat. Again not paid attention to for about 5 mins before I stopped a server and ask "is there someone who can help us?" she said she would get us started. She ended up being our server. Not once did the manager visit our table. will visit again. hopefully everyone will be more on point.
5	Amazing !!! I just ate here about a week ago, and I just posted my review on Trip Advisor, but I had to leave another review here because people must know about this wonderful place. Not only is the food out of this world, so is the service. They really know how to treat their customers. If you haven't eaten here yet, you must make a trip over for lunch or dinner, you will not be disappointed. You are greeted with a smile and a really delicious pizza.
5	They have really good thin wood fired pizza. It is on the higher price side but they have a great lunch special here. You get a mini pizza, salad and drink for $8. Can't beat the price
4	Pepperoni was spot on.  Cheese and crust are both very New York Style.  Best pizza I've had in Phoenix.  Love me some Grimaldi's!
5	Best pizza ever! The white garlic sauce is amazing!!! Also tried the red sauce with pepperoni and sausage. It was also really good. You can do 1/2 sauces on the pizzas! Service was perfect! Drinks always filled and very friendly staff. We will defiantly be back! Must try the Oreo cheesecake!!!!
5	Best pizza in the valley. Great overall family experience. No matter how busy it is you get the same experience. Highly recommended.
4	Love this place, great salads
5	A great pieI'm originally from NY, and it's always a challenge to find a great NY style Italian Pie. I have eaten lots of pies at  Grimaldi's original location under the Brooklyn Bridge, and I have  to say this Grimaldi's has equally great pies.We arrived at 11:00 after watching a movie and we were seated within minutes. Our server took our drink order, and the drinks were delivered quickly. On this visit we kept it simple, a small pepperoni, double cheese pizza.  The small pizza is enough for two people (16"). The  pizzas are thin crust, crispy, and  delicious.We were filled from our pizza, but  we couldn't pass up desert. So  we went with  the "trio" for desert.  You pick any three deserts off the menu. We tried the Tiramisu, Oreo cookie cheesecake, and Cannoli. My favorites was the cannoli. Grimaldi's has great food, service, and staff, which always keepd me coming back.
3	If you like your service slow, then this is the place to go. By the time our waiter got to us, to take our drink orders, we were more than ready to place our food order. We were very thirsty for even just water by this time. Once we ordered, we really regretted that we didn't get something beforehand or maybe an appetizer. It was a very long wait for our orders. But, the food was absolutely delicious. I highly recommend the white pizzas. It is crust with olive oil and mozzarella cheese, rather than red marinara sauce. The food was fantastic. So, if you can deal with waiting and starving until you get your fantastic, delicious food, then by all means...
5	Our fave! We used to eat here all the time when we lived in Glendale. We moved to Flagstaff 4 years ago, but every time we are in the area we HAVE to come here. We get the meatball or pepperoni, and a house salad. Great service.Amazing pizza.This might be the only thing I would transplant from PHX to Flagstaff.
2	Coming from living on the East Coast (NJ, MA, CT) and actually having pizza from the real Grimaldi's under the bridge I had high hopes. I was seriously disappointed. We got a pie with Italian sausage, onions and roasted red peppers and it had absolutely no flavor. The sausage had no zing, the sauce was just there to make the crust soggy and the cheese was presumably there just for texture since it had no taste. I would almost rather have a store bought frozen pizza before I would go back to Grimaldi's and I'm sad that I cheated on my diet with their pizza.
4	Overall, the experience was positive, although I would give it 3.5 stars if that were an option. The wait at this location is ALWAYS lengthy, and the food is not so good that it feels worthwhile. The hostess team on 11-29-14 seemed particularly ill-prepared to seat people efficiently, and they were thoroughly confused when our name was called.  Our table for two was ready. . . . but it really wasn't. . . . After more waiting, we were offered a table outside (which is precisely what we asked not to have); we took it because we were hungry. On the positive side, the manager did seem to try to please guests on a busy night, and our server was extremely pleasant and attentive. (I wish I cold remember her name) The pizza was very tasty, and our salad was also good.  Beverages were refilled promptly throughout the evening. The bread leaves a lot to be desired; far below the offerings of other mid-scale Italian establishments. Again, 3 stars seems harsh, but 4 may be a bit generous in light of the wait and confusion leading up to our being seated.
3	3.5 stars!  After doing some light shopping in the Park West area, my friend and I stopped into Grimaldi's Pizzeria for a quick bite.The coal-brick oven was a pretty enticing feature and my friend and I ordered two personal pizzas.  The crust was thin, crispy, and had a good amount of char.  The tomato sauce also had decent flavor.  What I didn't enjoy was paying for each topping I wanted.  It can go from a $10 pizza up to a $20 pizza easily... and this is for a small 12" pie!  We passed up on dessert and just headed over to the chocolate shop across the way. Grimaldi's is a cute little restaurant with lots to offer.  It's a tasty pie but for the price, I rather eat elsewhere.
5	Being from New York it is hard to find delicious NY style pizza. Until I came across Grimaldi's. Absolutely delicious best pizza I have found in Arizona so far. The service was amazing to and our waitress really knew the menu and the history behind Grimaldi's.
5	Coming from Chicago I never been a fan of chain restaurants. Grimaldi's is the exception to the rule. This place has some of the BEST customer service I have ever experienced and the pizza tickles the taste buds in the most delectable of ways. If you are looking for a great pizza and a home town feel, look no further. The GM Mike was very warm and inviting. If you're looking for a great bartender make sure to see Lindsay and for a vivacious rad server, ask for Tommy. Some of the best staff in town.
4	Thin bubbly brick oven pizza: HELLO lovely!!The hostess was on the phone when we came in so the manager came over & seated us in our choice of low top table. Apparently you get a free slice of cheesecake w/ a carafe of wine purchase.  We opt for a Lambrusco bottle and the antipasto to start.The antipasto is a plate of bread and a plate of literally 4 slices salami, 4 slices mozzarella, 1 basil leaf, roasted red peppers, and 4 green olives and 6 kalamatas.  Not overly in love with this assortment- I could do a better antipasto from my refrigerator.  Where's the prosciutto??The pizza though!! Thin crust happiness with that authentic chewy New York fold in half style.  The sauce was nice & chunky and even the small pizza is large for 2 people.I basically went into a pizza coma and forgave the uninspired (though fresh) antipasto!Pumpkin cheesecake as promised: great flavor and texture to the filling but the crust was soggy.  Maybe it was free because it was frozen or a week old?
3	Any time a manager or owner reaches out to me after a bad review I give them an extra star for following up and being aware of their reputation. This is what this extra star is for.
2	The service was really nice, and they brought pizza dough for my son to play with (which is the best!) but the pizza wasn't good at all.  We ordered meatballs, mushroom and ricotta.  The ricotta must have been mixed into the sauce, because it wasn't visible as a topping.  The center of the pizza was completely soupy, where folding the crust still couldn't keep it upright.  Even more unfortunate, the outside edges of the pizza were tough as leather.  The flavors tasted good, but the texture was very hard to overcome.  We took home the leftovers, but I ended up throwing them out ... the first time in my life I've thrown out left over pizza.  Maybe if we'd ordered different toppings we'd have gotten better results, but I can't afford to spend another $35 to risk a repeat experience.  It sounds like a lot of other people love this place, so they must be doing a lot right, maybe we just caught them at a bad time.  While I like the idea of being able to select each topping, it would be nice to have a handful of pre-built options, so I didn't  have to pay $2 for every single topping.
4	Love this place!  Without a doubt the best pizza I have ever had and I would go again. However, be aware - Bring a big wallet.  3 drinks, 2 pizzas with salad = $91.00 plus tip, so bottom line was - $100.  Like I said, I will go again, but not very often.
5	Very yummy pizza, everything is served family style.  Service was awesome, she suggested pizza with pesto and marinara sauce on it together and it was delicious!! The waitress noticed that there was a problem with our pizza and took care of it and gave us a complimentary pizza to make up for it.  Our waitress' name was Alyicia, ask for her.
3	Not impressed with the manager... He greeted my girlfriend with "what can I do for you".?  Clearly when you enter a restaurant you are not there to get your tires rotated... Also there was a long wait and there is absolutely no seating for the people that are waiting.. We wanted to walk around the shopping area while we waited but they have no pager system or text alert to let us know that our table was ready. Food was good,  staff other then the manager was nice. A little pricey for what you get.
