4	I'm a shameless carnivore.  I like it even better when my meat filled sandwich is dripping with melty, gooey cheese.  A little explicit, yeah, but it's the truth.I've never been to a Charley's other than the one in Christown/Spectrum (call it what you want) but it is so much fun eating my yummy food and watching all the ghetto people and their spawn mill in and out of the sad mall.The food here is great.  I always get the Bacon 3Cheesesteak, and it is the best.  You can't ask for more salty goodness than this.  The steak stuff is always thin and juicy with plenty of salt.  The bread this stuff comes on is kind of weird and crusty, but the insides make it worth it.  Do yourself a favor and make it a combo so you can get a drink and a big cup full of fresh and hot fries.I know there quite a few of these around the valley, so if Spectrum scares you, check out one of the other places and get what I order.  Good stuff.
4	I haven't had their sandwiches but had to post a review based on the Gourmet Fries. In a word: Awesome!! There are five options of Gourmet Fries from which to choose: Original, Cheddar, Cheddar and Bacon, Ranch and Bacon or Cheddar, Ranch and Bacon. I was looking for a light snack to hold me over until dinner and hour and a half later, so I bought the Cheddar and Bacon. Oh, I have butterflies in my stomach just thinking about how good this was. Yeah, it's the processed cheddar cheese and those bacon bits are certainly processed. But I'm not going to a mall eatery to find something authentic. What's tops is, I was able to get my fries to go so I could carry them with me to Sally's where Bas bought hair color (that bitch is younger than me and always points it out, but is going grey already.) Afterwards, we walked through Wal-Mart where I chowed down on those fries. One would think no one has ever seen a white boy eat cheese laden fries judging by the looks we were getting. The best part was the cashier's expression as I was shovelling forkfuls of fries into my mouth as Bas was buying laxatives. Priceless!
5	It had been years since I'd had Charley's, and up until recently, I'd thought the only Charley's was across the street from Paradise Valley Mall. Anywho, they're known for being the anti-Subway. If you want healthy food, go elsewhere. Preferably far away from me. Charley's brings the meat and cheese, and all of the accompanying grease and future heart trouble that accompanies it. Those like myself who possess the metabolism of a hummingbird on crystal meth will eat it all the same. I have to confess to having only tried two of their sandwiches. I have a routine going whereby I resolve to 'try something new'.. only to be immediately distracted by how utterly delicious the Philly Cheese Steak looks and ultimately going with that. One day I did manage to shake myself out of that beef-fueled stupor long enough to get their buffalo chicken sandwich and I must say.. it was absolutely delicious. They're just good on every level, if a bit pricey. Their fries, though, are nice and cheap. You can buy chicken bacon ranch fries (if that's your thing) for a little under 2 dollars. The negative? Their drinks are microscopic. They might as well not even give you one. I've seen sippy cups larger than their 'regular' drinks. All the same, it really is surprising to see such a high quality sandwich shop inside Chris Town. Just one of many welcome surprises I discovered during my recent visit there.
3	Pretty good and a step above most fast food. Buffalo chicken sub with lettuce and tomatoes was solid and good-- enough for 2 meals.
1	So, its Friday night and the hubs and I need to make a Costco run. We figure we will grab a hot dog or slice of pizza at Costco, but apparently Costco food court is the place to be on a Friday night, the line was crazy town long. Before I blacked out and went into a hunger induced rage, the hubs escorted me over to the Charleys Grilled Sub area. I was hesitant, but couldn't muster up the will power to stand in the costco line and not get stabby. I ordered the Chicken Philly. It was ok. The bread was the best part of the sandwich, Hubs and I split a drink and an order of frys. The frys came with oozy cheese and nasty bacon. Super gross. BUT if you like fake cheese ooze and fake bacon crumbles then these are for you. The tables that surround the Charleys area were all soooo filthy. I wiped one clean with a napkin and noticed everyone else who came to eat here had to wipe a table clean. The employee's clearly do not care to make a clean space for customers to eat. I know this is a food court-ish setting (However its just Charleys and Costco and costco has their own tables) someone needs to be wiping these tables down. Even if its not ever customer, at least make an attempt. At any rate, I do not believe I will be eating here again. I will stand in the long Costco line. Lesson learned.
3	Isn't the best Charley's I've eaten at. It's inside the mall and there are tables to eat at next to the restaurant, but they are sticky. IDK how often they clean the tables but I suggest you take the food over to the Costco tables to eat at. Much cleaner there.
4	I've been here several and I've only had their regular Philly cheese steak. Its located inside Spectrum Mall. They don't use chezwhiz but the sandwiches are pretty good. I have heard that there special fries are good too but I haven't tried them yet. Unfortunately there aren't a lot of tables/seats so you may want to get your food to go or scope out the available seating. I will definitely go back.
