5	Outstanding facility and vet services.  Caring and competent, the best combo of all.  And not overpriced either.
5	On the 20th of November we took our puppy, Flash, in to see the vet for an eye irritation. As we are on vacation and have no regular vet here in Fountain Hills AZ we relied on reviews from other satisfied patients' parents. Dr. Nimitz and her staff were truly concerned about our beloved pet and showed compassion and professionalism. They were patient and took their time with us. The next morning they called to see how Flash was doing with his eyes and encouraged us to call if we had any questions.  It's a great comfort to know we have established a relationship with a vet. clinic in this area as we will be returning often to visit family. Thank you to all of the staff.
5	New to the area, it is always stressful finding a doctor, dentist, vet, etc. Luckily I was recommended to a great vet right away! Amy was our technician and she was so friendly, not only with us but was so calm and soothing with our cat as well. Dr. Bashaw was also so knowledgeable and went above and beyond during a routine check up. The building itself is beautiful and done to the nines for guests waiting for their appointment. An area with coffee, tea, water, juice, and just about any other drink you could want is available while waiting. Overall we were so impressed with the facility, staff, and professionalism of the El Dorado Animal Hospital. Plus, our cat wasnt even nervous and loved the staff so that says something right there.HIGHLY recommended.
5	I wasn't so happy with my former vet so I transferred across Parkview to El Dorado.  Instantly I was impressed with how caring and attentive the front desk staff was to the fear problem I was having with my 9-year old cat.  Once I met Dr Bashaw I was instantly impressed with how compassionate she was, how knowledgeable she was with my issue and how she assured me of a solution.  My fearful cat was quite at ease in the exam room.  I am confident we can work together to ease my cat's fear of my roommate.  BTW, the facility is very nice and very comfortable for both humans and animals.
5	Dr. Sarah Bashaw is awesome!  First, she is a terrific vet and second, she is a very nice person.  We have 5 pets so we have had a lot of experience with vets.  We've have two emergencies recently and happily all has ended well.  In both cases we were able to get an immediate appointment which isn't the case at all vets.  She has a wide network of experts that uses to supplement who own experience and expertise so we always feel that she is knowledgable and has done appropriate research!
5	Our 13 yea old Yellow Lab, Sedona was diagnosed with a tumor a few weeks before we were scheduled to leave for Arizona. We choose to postpone the surgery until we arrived but where to look for a Vet since we were not familiar with the resources in the area  Our Chicago area Vet said to look for an AAHA Accreditation so we choose El Dorado. First impressions are critical and it was clear we made the right decision. Our stress level dropped the moment we walked in. The front office staff were welcoming, the facility is modern and comfortable and the professionalism is evident everywhere. Upon meeting Sedona for the first time, I was extremely impressed that Dr. Bashaw had reviewed her entire history prior to the appointment. After the exam, our options were clearly explained to us and all our questions fully answered. We never felt rushed. The surgery was a success. Recovery continues and we could not be more pleased with the outcome. It is highly recommended.
5	Took the love of my life (male cat, Sebastian) here the other day for wellness exam and routine shots.Very friendly staff, clean clinic (looks like human one to me), and complimentary beverages to humans in Lobby and treats for your canine/feline. Awesome job!The assistant and Vet did a very thorough exam of my boy and communicated what they were doing and why to his human. Love that. Prices are pretty decent ($20-30) per vaccination. Other cute note, they took many pics of Sebastian for their database. His cute little face now graces my invoices! Makes it easier to shell out $ seeing his adorable little mugshot. :)
5	We adore Dr Bashaw and everyone at El Dorado! I adopted my tiny mutt a little more than a year ago and, on the recommendation of several people, we chose them as our vet. From the very first day, both the doctor and all the techs have been kind, caring, gentle, thorough and willing to make time in their busy schedule! The cost is certainly reasonable, the building is lovely and the human amenities are very nice - but my first concern will always be how they treat my dog! Based on that alone...they get my 5 stars!I also love that they have a full online site to manage your pet care. It makes it very easy to have access to everything whenever you need itI finally decided to write this review today, after my dog was up all night last night, throwing up. She's never been a pukey dog and prior to today, had only thrown up once before. I wasn't overly concerned after she threw up the first time, and I was willing to wait a little longer after the second time - but after the seventh time, I was upset, worried and a little freaked out. In proportion to her size and weight...the amount of vomit seemed alarming. I called the office and learned Dr Bashaw was in surgery all day - however, after checking with her, they told me that she would make time to see my baby.  Some dogs might be upset at the idea of going to the vet - my dog LOVES going to the vet! Even though she wasn't feeling great, she ran around and jumped and gave kisses to everybody. They checked her over, gave her an anti-nausea shot and gave me some instructions on what to do for the next few days. They also told me they'd call tomorrow to see how she's doing, and from past experience, I know they'll call tomorrow to see how she's doing! It's so important to me that they mean what they say and they follow through!I know how challenging it can be to choose a vet - especially when your pet can't tell you how they feel about the whole experience. But my concerns have long since disappeared! They're simply the best and your pets will get the best care there!
5	So far we have been with them a  year and the experience from the facility to the staff and head vets has been great. We switched from Palisades Vet Hospital to El Dorado and the service and professionalism is night and day. Thanks El Dorado, Two Golden's and Two Cats. Local Fountain Hills Resident.
5	Dr. Bashaw and her team cared for my cat Zsa Zsa when I lived in Arizona and did such an outstanding job.  I hated to move away because of her!  Now I am taking Zsa Zsa to a doctor in my new city but consulted Dr. Bashaw's advice long distance on a kitty health issue I was questioning which she resolved for me.  I cannot tell you enough how responsive and thoughtful she was to have helped me find a better solution.I highly recommend Dr. Bashaw and the compassionate people that work at El Dorado Animal Hospital.  You will never see a more beautiful, clean, quiet facility.
