5	First time getting a massage! (Its not as scary as it sounds)Did the one hour session. Really great head, back, neck, and foot massage. I never thought I'd be paying for a massage, but the prices are reasonable and well worth the expenditure. Liz is great.And yes, this location is in North Scottsdale, so some clients in the waiting room will definitely be, "Scottsdale People" ...You all know what I mean.
4	My wife and I have been to many of the resort spas in Scottsdale for Spa Week and during normal pricing times - Massage Envy is a great value compared to the resorts.  I got a 60 minute deep tissue massage from Ashley and she did a great job.  Strong grip!  Firm pressure!  Awesome. The facility itself was clean and nice enough - nothing fancy of course.  They do ask if you want to join the wellness club when you are checking out but that didn't bother me (very much a soft sell).If you are looking for something more upscale nothing beats Sanctuary.
4	Had a fantastic massage with Liz.  She knew all the muscle structure and pressure points.  Though not the fanciest of places, it's perfect if you just need to get a massage.  If you want to be pampered and get the spa feel, this may not be your place.  For me, my back hurt from sleeping crooked and I left feeling much better.
3	The place itself is great!  The people you get are hit and miss...granted, you always aren't going to like the same massage as the next guy; so I can't rip them too bad.Staff is welcoming and typically can get you in same day.
4	Wow! I am definitely impressed.  I've been to a different Massage Envy years and years ago and vowed never to go back because it was the most mediocre massage I had ever had.  My girlfriend was telling me about how great the therapists are at this location so I relented.  I scheduled a 90minute deep tissue/trigger point massage with Joshua.  It was probably one of the best massages I've had in a long time.  My back neck and shoulder felt so much better afterwards!  I was so happy after I even signed up for the monthly membership....Something very unlike me to do without thinking about it.  I guess this location is the only corporate owned store and not a franchise. No wonder! :)
4	I've been going to this location for about a year now. It's not a fancy resort but it's  a great place to get a nice relaxing massage. I've never had a problem with the people there or waiting and they've always been nice and friendly. If you are not a member you will get the sales push and of course they wait until after your massage when you are feeling REALLY good. But I did join and I don't regret it.I get my massages with Ashley and I really like her. I don't like to talk during my session because I just want to enjoy it and Ashley complies. I feel very comfortable there. I do agree that they seem to be pretty busy but as long as I call ahead and make an appointment it hasn't been an issue.Oh and they have extended their hours and are open pretty late in the evening which is really awesome. Call for hours I don't think the ones listed here are current.
3	While I don't think there could be such a thing as a 'bad' massage, mine at Massage Envy was very mediocre. I'd never gone to a ME before, but when I saw the $39 introductory massage deal I thought I'd give it a try. Very friendly staff & nice products in the lobby. The deal was a $39 for a 60 minute massage, and mine was 50 minutes. Not a huge deal, but still, it's 10 minutes! My therapist was very nice but just a little too gentle. I walked out feeling the same. At the end of the day, it's my fault that I didn't tell her to add more pressure. A-OK, would probably give it a try again but ask for 'deep' pressure rather than 'medium'.
1	A massage envy is a massage envy. I would not trust your therapist or what goes on in the treatment rooms. I've heard of therapist working on clients while under the influence of alcohol. Do you really trust a massage therapist who is buzzed working on you? Yeah I know I wouldn't!!!
5	Ask for Heather! She did an excellent job listening to my needs. I told her that I spend a lot of time standing and working on my feet. She gave extra attention to my problem areas and worked out all of my kinks. I left feeling relaxed and rejuvenated and I definitely plan on returning!
5	I have NEVER gone to a chain spa for a massage, but after last night, I will - or at least check reviews (yelp) to figure out who to see!  I am staying at the Canyons Villas and I would normal go to the Revive Spa at the JW Marriott, but I wanted to stretch my budget.  I am so glad I did.  I booked a 2 hour massage with BRAD.  He was amazing.  His training includes energy work, and you can tell, ok I could tell immediately.  I have had over 30 different massage/therapists and I have never felt so much release and energy movement.  Yesi was great in Palm Desert, but Brad is even better.  If you have the chance (he should be somewhere else with his talent), book Brad.  You won't be disappointed, but be prepared to be 'feel' the work. If you are faint of heart, let him know and he will lighten up - otherwise enjoy the gift.
