4	Our family has used Dr. Ferguson for about 5 years to treat our Great Dane.While not the fanciest of offices , they still always had a positive caring attitude in the office. They specialize in big dogs and it shows. When we had different questions or wanted options we always felt that we received good advice.They even directed us to a low cost in town pet pharmacy to cut cost on our dogs monthly medication.  When we have had illnesses they displayed professional yet humane care for our dog. When it was time to say good bye to our beloved Max this week, we were glad to have a safe kind place to spend our last moments with him .They allowed my husband to be with him at the last moments and they were thoughtful in dealing with our family's grief.
5	I have taken my two labs to Dr. Ferguson and Four Legged Friends for eight years.  The staff has always been very caring, and Dr. Ferguson knows my limits on treatment and being humane to my dogs.   My doggies are getting very old, and near the end of their life with me.  But Dr. Ferguson and the staff are so compassionate and understanding.  I know when it is finally time for my dogs to cross the rainbow bridge as they say, Dr. Ferguson will be there to guide them.  If you are looking for someone compassionate about animals, but understands the emotional and financial needs/pressures of a pet owner.  This is the place to come.
5	I love this place.  Dr. Ferguson is wonderful.  She will not do test after test just to run your bill up.  She is up front and you can tell she loves her job.  I have tried other vets because of the distance from my house but never worked out.  I have a Boston Terrier and a Pug and they actually love going to the vet
5	Four-Legged Friends has been our vet for 5 years, they have brought us through parvo, an untreatable spinal injury and birth.  Dr. Ferguson is with out a doubt the BEST! The only Dr. good enough for our babies.We have a Pit Mix (Toby), a Dachshund (Nona), Brussels Griffon (Sam) and Oddie our baby Heinz 57 Mix.
5	I took my two chihuahuas in and the staff there are friendly and very understanding. They did an excellent job at dealing with my crazy dogs and I will definitely return :).
3	I am not  fan of vet offices because I have had such horrible experiences in the past. Four Legged Friends was among the better experiences, but I will not take any of my pets back. I was referred to Dr. Ferguson with glowing reviews, but he/she was not available and I got an appt with someone else who was VERY nice and caring to my pet. No complaints there or with how quickly they got me in. My concern was the overwhelming sense of being upsold. I distinctly felt like I was being given high pressure used car sale tactics. I received a phone call stating my pet's initial blood work caused them concern and they needed to run extra tests. I was given the run down of the horrible things my pet could experience if I didn't get this test done to ensure the proper course of treatment was followed. I was very worried and said I'd be right in with my dog. Things that make ya go umm begin NOW: 1) I was told they could run the tests off the sample they already had. 2) 5 minutes later, I received a call from another individual at the hospital with the test results. I asked how did they have them so quickly. The caller stammered. I pointed out that they obviously already had the results and the earlier call was simply to get to me to authorize payment since I had paid for different tests when I was there. The caller continued to stammer. I informed the caller that I appreciated their concern but that I would be more inclined to believe them if they had just been honest with me from the beginning and told me that there was something troubling in the blood tests but that I needed to pay the near $100 for the more sophisticated test RESULT (which they already had). I recognize it's a business and they have overhead and need to make a profit. I took NO position against that. It was MY perception of their attempted ruse that put me off. I took my dog elsewhere and explained why I was switching my dog mid-treatment. To date, my pet is doing wonderfully well. I am positive he would have also done well at Four Legged as I believe they were skilled and competent, but I wonder how many more phone calls I would have gotten leading me to belief extra work/testing was needed when the answer may have already been in the file. Four Legged's staff was friendly and kind to my pet who is NOT easy to handle at the vet's office, particularly when he is not feeling well. They displayed incredible patience in handling my pet and that is of the utmost importance to me. My only negative is the issue of how they handled the supposed need for further testing. They began a business relationship with me and pet with what I suspected to be dishonesty, and as I would with any relationship that begins that way, I ended it.
5	Both of my doggies passed over the rainbow bridge this year, and Dr. Val was there every step of the way.  She help me and my doggies with the inevitable, yet very painful time, and made it much less painful for all of us.  I can't thank her, and her staff enough for all that they did for our family.  If I ever get the courage to have doggies again (don't like the part about saying good bye to them) I will definitely come back to Dr. Val.
5	They are amazing and even sent me flowers after my pet passed away. That is classy.
4	I started going there as a recommendation from a friend and have been there for 7 years now.  They performed surgery on one of my dogs for hip dysplasia and you can tell how much the vets enjoy their job.  I have rarely had to wait for my appointment - I think one time in the last 7 years have I waited longer than 10 min past my appointment time.  I used to go to All Creatures Animal Hospital and they were never on time.  Great service.
5	Dr. Val and her staff are amazing. We will not take our dog's anywhere else. They are kind, compassionate, caring and genuinely love our boys. In the past 3 years, we have lost 3 dogs to old age. Dr. Val was with us each time, and having that is very comforting. We received a sympathy card & flowers each time...pure class. She has been our vet for our pets for over 10 years. They are are the best.
4	We've been taking our dogs to Four-Legged Friends for about a year, and we're extremely pleased by the care they've been getting. In addition to the prompt, very professional treatment they receive, the staff there is extremely friendly and helpful, and they're great about following up on the dogs' condition. I recommend them.
5	4 legged friends gets 10 stars. Dr. Ferguson and all her fantastic associates are outstanding individuals. I have been going there a very long time and they continue to exceed all my expectations. Thanks for being so caring with all of my 4 legged friends.Phil and Lynda Saladino
5	My Wheaton was Dr. Harbo's patient. She is amazing when treating dog allergies. Having gone to many previous vets, without a good treatment plan, I have something to compare it to. The whole staff is great and I would  recommend Four Legged Friends to any dog owner.Denise K.
5	We have MANY pets, and have tried several vets in the Phoenix area over the years. Although Four-Legged Friends is not the closest since we moved, we will always make the trip to continue going to them. All of the vets there are caring, and give good information, but don't pressure us on decisions about care. Our dear little bulldog passed away very recently, and they sent a card and small memento that really meant a lot to us. They're great!
