4	This is the first real golf course I ever played on.  I have played it several times.  While carts are available the course can be easily walked.  I have heard other players complain about the cost of greens fees.  Even thought Charlotte Golf Links was only a mile from my house I often went to other courses since they often offered better deals.This is part of a group that runs at least four other courses such as the Divide.I was a regular on the driving range.  I have since given up the game.  Too much work to be simply mediocre.
5	I appreciate the staff here, they are always helpful and polite. The grounds are always well kept. Family friendly too. Also a grass range, which is always awesome, especially for me to get my practice on.
4	A nice course on the south side of Charlotte.  Challenging layout, but forgiving if you don't hit the straightest drives all the time...they just redid the greens, so they're rolling really nice now.  There's a driving range, and a decent club house.  The greens fees are a little steep, but they have some deals if you hit the right time.
1	The course is decent, but I've had 2 terrible experiences playing here as far as service goes. The ranger and front desk staff are rude and not helpful at all. My 2nd time playing here, they ran out of range balls for over a half hour, then did not have enough carts when our tee time came. Then to make things worse, when we grabbed the carts from the people who just finished playing the 18, our cart ran out of power on the 13th hole. After calling the front desk twice, and both times they guaranteed they had someone on their way, we did not get a replacement cart! We ended up having to walk the rest of the course. I will never come back.
2	I want to first start out with my review as saying there has been a recent change of owners and this was the first real golf experience I have had in Charlotte. Before I talk about my experience I wish to add that the course itself is in a poor location and very difficult to find (especially one new to the Charlotte area). Being that it is pretty much directly across from Providence Golf Club I got lost (of course) and missed my tee time.Upon first entering, was greeted by the golf head professional who seemed very nice and did not mind that I was late for my tee time once I explained the fact that I did get lost. He helped me out by giving me the twilight special.  I did wish to purchase a golf glove, however, they had no inventory given the recent changes in management.The course was not in great shape even given the amount of rain Charlotte has gotten. The fairways were not mowed well and in places where they were mowed the "mowed" grass was all over the fairways. Although it is a "links" course much of the heather I noticed has been mowed. Most of the bunkers were unplayable and were not kept in great shape. Lastly, the greens were EXTREMELY long which I attribute from the ownership being changed and the previous owners not taking good care of the course.Really enjoyed the layout of the course and the course is very narrow and has the potential to be a VERY difficult and fun course to play. My rating reflects the potential I believe this course has and I really really hope the owners clean it up, keep the bunkers, cut the greens properly, and add heather in the appropriate places I really think this course has the potential to be a great course. I will for sure be back to see the progress. Thanks again to the courtesy staff!
