5	Awesome place! Just heard about it's re-opening on Facebook and had to check it out! When I arrived I noticed that I wasn't the only one who must have heard about them re-opening. The place was packed! It was well worth the wait. The service and staff were very friendly and prompt. Had the Crab Relleno and was loving every bite of it. Their bean dip and green salsa is also awesome! Was so impressed with the food that night I went back 2 days later to indulge again. Will definitely be coming here often.
4	New location and still great food, but the wait and service is still working out the kinks. Hopefully it can only get better. To there defense I was there the week they opened. Plenty of helpful happy staff it just took forever and they were out of items. Shrimp Burrito is awesome.
3	My daughter and I were heading to another place for lunch when I spotted this little gem in a mostly empty strip mall. The name sounded familiar, so we decided to stop here instead. There were a few other patrons waiting for tables inside so we opted to sit on the patio where we could be seated right away. The whole restaurant is really clean and the patio is no exception (although once a large party with multiple kids who were sitting on the patio left, it took them awhile to clean up). Once we were seated I quickly looked up what other yelpers had to say and it looks like this location is pretty new.I ordered a simple bean and cheese burrito, enchilada style and and iced tea for myself, and my daughter got the kids chicken strips with fries and a chocolate milk. The food came out pretty quickly. As we were waiting, the server who was bringing out the food came to our table a couple times to ask if other orders were ours. I also noticed that a couple of the servers were unsure of who another table belonged to so it seems like there might not be a system for the patio yet. This didn't bother me, but the ladies at the table next to us were annoyed because they were in a rush.My burrito was alright, great tortilla, filling was hot and stayed warm, but the enchilada sauce was a little too thin for my liking. The chicken strips were warm but not steaming lava hot like they always seem to be everywhere else (this is a good thing because they were for a starving five year old). My daughter said the chocolate milk wasn't chocolatey and asked for water instead. My iced tea was okay but tasted a little dirty.The price was okay...our bill came to just over $14. I don't have much of an incentive to come back (Dos Gringos is across the street and kids eat free all the time there), but the place is cute and since they are new, I would give them another shot.
4	Doing Break fest there for the 3rd time. Good eats. Good sevrice Allot of people don't know they do break fest. but it'sgoing to be a stand in line for that too.It's not just Mexican break-fest . They do eggs pancakes hash browns too.
4	Glad to see Gecko Grille is back in business.    I was really disappointed when they closed their Gilbert/Guadalupe location.     When there for lunch today, same great service, food and a modern new location.      Had their burrito with cheese sauce.    Just as good as their old location.       Highly recommend you stop by and enjoy the food.     Very reasonable prices and good food.     Like the new digs.
4	My wife and I came here for a late breakfast. They let us choose between either the breakfast menu or the regular menu. Even though it was breakfast, they started us off with chips and salsa. They all tasted fresh and home made. The chips were just right and, although not spicy, the two slasas were also good. They brought a red salsa and a sweet green salsa.We starte with horchata to drink. My wife ordered a breakfast burrito with chorizo, which was bigger than she expected. She said it was really good. I got the machaca plate (shredded beef with peppers and eggs mixed in.) It came with a side of hash browns and a side of refried beans and fresh tortillas. It was all very good.There was a minor issue with one of the tortillas, but they handled it well and the owner/manager came to our table and apologized and gave us a discount, which was unnecessary, but very appreciated.We both appreciated how clean and new everything felt and the service was excellent.We will definitely be back here. I am looking forward to trying the lunch or dinner menu next time.
2	Overpriced, small portions. They need to increase the size to make it work or lower the price. The food is good, but not when you can get a nicer meal for a better price elsewhere.
5	New Location---- so glad it has finally opened and is now closer to us again! Starting with chips that are not greasy or over-filling, crisp and thin, served with their Gecko bean dip, green and red salsa on the side! Try and eat just one...We adore the chicken enchilada - never had them so delishly simple and tasty; I don't know how they prepare their chicken but it is consistently moist, tender, flavorful. The green sauce served over is just yummy and the cherry on top! Such amazing value...The service has always been great, and tonight was not any different. Attentive, eye contact, sense of service and sense of humor. So appreciated on a Sunday evening with my family. Looking forward to the liquor license coming next month! Cheers and congrats!p.s.- this is what food from scratch tastes like when someone cares!
4	I really enjoyed our food, except for the fish tacos which were nothing to write home about. I also had the arroz con pollo and the chicken was cooked perfectly although someone who enjoys onions would have enjoyed it more. Eric was a fantastic server and had no problems keeping up with my busy family. I give it 4 stars because I felt that the price was a little high. We paid $45 for two adults and 2 kids. Not ridiculously high but I would have expected a better meal for the price.
5	I love this place for breakfast . I'm sorry to post this that I will shoot myself in the foot by this place is going be packed for MY BREAKFAST Time. The food is american with a Mexican twist. Plan on putting in some sit down time to talk to your people, the service is a little slow but it is worth the time. On a big party, good luck and have patience.The food is Great, Don't  play around with the cooks.Plus to and to this, Great job to the COOKS
4	Very clean , good + service, very good menu.  So far all the food has been very good to excellent.  Two salsas , one is a sweet mango the other is a classic mild red.  I wish they had a real hot sauce to offer . Carna Asada is one of the better ones around. We will be back
5	Best tasting Mexican food. I've never ordered anything less than delicious! Service is great too! I wish they had more locations.
5	Great Mexican food and generally a short wait. We have come here multiple times since this location opened. We have enjoyed the food and like to sit on the balcony when the weather isn't too bad. The wait staff is young but attentive. We will continue to come here frequently.
5	I love Gecko Grill, my family and I don't go out to eat much, but when we do Gecko Grill is one of the top choices.  I've tried lots of things on the menu over the years and am convinced that anything I order would be good.I recommend the Chicken Mango Quesadilla!
5	Excellent food! We have finally found a place in our neighborhood for awesome Mexican food.  We are quickly becoming regulars for breakfast and lunch.  Give them a try :)
3	The food was good but the service was not that great. I cannot decide whether I like it or not. I will give it another try eventually but if the service sucks again I would give it two stars instead of three. It took a while for someone to bring our drinks and take our order. We were served chips with two types of salsa and a bean dip. When they refilled our chips and salsa they did not give us bean dip. When I asked for more bean dip I was told it would be an additional 99 cents. WTF over! Unbelievable.
4	Delicious food, friendly and helpful staff. I've been going to Gecko for years and they are just as good today as they've ever been!
5	We came here on a very strong recommendation of a friend and loved it!  The chips came with two salsas and a bean dip, all were very good.  I ordered the fish taco plate, one battered, the other grilled, both fresh and flavorful.  My husband ordered the tamales, one corn and one beef and loved them both.  The rice and beans were no nonsense and very tasty too.  Friendly service and the prices were more than reasonable.  Will return for sure.
3	I had heard so many good things about gecko I had to go. Maybe had high expectations but I think the only thing I liked more than other traditional mexican grills is that they had refried beans with chips (some places also do that). Thought that their salsa was average, thought the "sweet salsa" was clever although I didn't personally like it. I always get shrimp fajitas and their shrimp was about the size of baby shrimp on a salad. I like some zing to my food and the salsa wasn't cutting it, they didn't have any hot sauces but had a super nasty taco sauce. Service was fine and everything else, I just didn't see any reason to come back because none of the food was good. My wife loved her burrito so i guess I'll have to try them again in the future and maybe order something else.
4	I gave their old location a 1 star due to customer service.The new location is like night and day compared to the old. Much better layout and customer service was great.The food is fantastic!My favorite is the crispy beef and chicken tacos,Ariba used to be our favorite now it's the new Gecko Grill!!!We usually call our order in so as to avoid the wait many others have complained about.
2	Salsa and dips are runny, look and taste bad.  Not sure how a place with mex food this bad can stay in business.  Go somewhere better, why eat crappy food?
5	I try to go here at least once a week.     They have expanded and have additional tables as well as out side patio.      They food continues to be great, especially their strawberries and cream, a dessert to die for.      You cannot miss going here.    Give it a try and enjoy.
5	Love this place.  So glad it came back.  Cannot beat their Vegetarian Burrito, Chimichanga and Enchilada style!  Cannot go wrong with anything on the menu.  Portions are more than enough.  I always leave with leftovers or an (over)stuffed belly.  Plus, they give you bean dip with the chips.  Yum!
1	How does the food taste? I wouldn't know.  We waited an hour and a half before walking out.  Everyone else on the patio was served but our party of eight. Eight! How did you miss us?
1	I have been going to here sense the cook from Tia Rosa's stole the recipes and opened gecko...   cause I thought their service was better and it used to be... NOT any more... two times ago the waitress tried to extort a 50% tip by asking me 3 times if I "really needed change, really" and this last time I went for pick up and they failed to add the Salsa to my bag (the only reason I like their food in the first place and I'm to lazy to make the salsa myself - recipe to follow)... I called and let them know and my wife drove all the way back to get it and they accused her of lying... Seriously??? like I would go there (5 miles) and then go all the way back to steal 6 oz of green salsa???  So here is the Green salsa Recipe-  3 cans of La Costena Tomatillos drain one and dump all three into a blender,  2-3 de-seeded Jalapenos, 1-1.5 bunch of cilantro,  4-5 fresh garlic cloves and about 2 tble spoons of sugar (to taste) . Blend for about a minute and enjoy not having to be accused of lying...
1	Had wanted to try them again since they re-opened, but sadly disappointed! Walked in at 8:30pm and they said they were closed. Then they said they could do take out. Really?!! You have an open sign out that says you don't close until 9:00pm and instead of taking customers you turn them away?! We can't seat you, BUT we can still make the food and take your money if you take it and leave. No apology or explanation or come back and we'll give you a free dessert- anything? Again 8:30PM not 8:55pm- Needless to say we won't be back. There are too many other options with better service and the food is just a cheaper copy cat of Tia Rosa's around the corner. I'll pay more for some place that actually cares about customer service.
5	Best bean dip ever! I love the great easy going setting and delicious food! They also moved closer to my house. Which is awesome!
5	I absolutely love gecko grill. Their chips with bean dip and choice of salsas are amazing. I had the enchiladas (one chicken, one pork) with the green sauce and was very impressed. Our server was charming and funny and kept the chips coming. Every employee who walked by checked on us (Not always talking to us, but clearly checking to see if we were in need). I will be a regular here.
4	This was a great choice for me tonight! I had been to the Moreno's on Arizona Ave. and thought it was good so I checked out their website and found this place.When I got there the place was very busy. I was eating alone so it didn't take all that long to get seated. I had a nice convo with a guy was there with his significant other. That passed the time very well.I looked at the menu and asked my very friendly server his opinion. After consultations were finished I settled on the Arroz Con Pollo. It was so good! My only complaint was there wasn't enough of it. The only legitimate problem I had was I couldn't access the Wi-Fi. My guess is there had been too many users before me and it needed resetting. I'm definitely going back!!
2	Way overrated! I had been to the previous location years ago and didn't care for it then. Decided to give it another go at it's new spot, and it's still ranks the same for me. The salsas are very runny, almost too runny, the bean dip was nearly tasteless. I ordered asada street tacos and wasn't impressed with them. The meat had no flavor. Overall I think this place is lacking that authentic Mexican flavor. I will not be going back. There are too many other Mexican food places on AZ that deliver much more.
5	Love this place! They have a great menu and delicious food. I love the Chicken Mango Quesadilla and Lettuce Wrap Tacos
5	First off the place has a home style vibe. Outside has a little patio with heaters for when it's cold. The prices are super cheap and worth it. Bean dip is awesome with the chips. Service was good and fast. I got the #11 which was cheese enchiladas with a tamale and my gf got the #1 which was these cheese enchilada a hard taco. Both were good. I would def come back
5	Very addicting!  I go there every chance I can!  Clean, open space, great service!  Amazing food!
4	This place is like the IHOP of Mexican food. Interesting variety.  Kind of a standardized feel to the food/menu. Get a lot of food for what you pay. Pretty good above average. Got the Egg chiladas and chilaquiles. A plus that I got chips and salsa when ordering breakfast. Love me some chips and salsa! Liked the bean dip
3	My husband and I were at sportsman warehouse and decided to grab lunch before heading back to tempe. I had been wanting Mexican food we decided to try it. We stopped in on a Saturday morning around 10:30 it took a couple of minutes to acknowledge us before someone greeted us and offered to seat us. The outdoor patio looked really cute but there was not an open table so we choose inside. We looked over the lunch menus and sat for several minutes before being greeted. We order water and my husband asked about breakfast. He was brought a breakfast menu to look at. A few more minutes passed and we ordered our food and was brought a basket of chips and two salsas. The chips were slightly warm and had good flavor. The salsa was ok at best. After 10 or so minutes we were checked on and we asked for more water. Our food took about 20 minutes to get. We were seated outside the kitchen and it sounded a bit unorganized. We were brought our food and then left. Husband had pancakes and strawberries which he said was pretty good. Ordered a crab relleno  with rice and beans. The releno  was small but not greasy like most. Inside was just lots of imitation crab. The rice and beans were okay but nothing special. No one checked on us until we were finished with our meals. And then we were just given the check no offer for desert or anything. We were in a hurry at this point as we had an appt. to make. The tab was almost 17.00. Not wanting to wait any longer I left a 20.00 and we left. Would I go back again? Probably not. Perhaps if I was in the area and not in a hurry? The food was pretty decent the service lackluster and overall atmosphere just ok.
4	This is one of our favorite Mexican restaurants.  Love the variety in the menu, especially the green sauces.  Have been to this new location and have always had good service.
5	Love this place! Gecko Grill is one of our favorite places to eat. Love the salsa and bean dip. The Crabby burrito covered with the southwest cheese sauce....is the best!! Must try! Also try the salmon enchiladas. Very good. Oh can't forget about the menudo. You better be hungry when you order the big bowl.
3	Tried Gecko for the first time today. Yelp info informed us it was not waiter service, but really was. The outside area was nice,roomy & shady. We were a little confused as to why a party of 10 or 12 was being seated for us ( a party of two ). The server seemed a little in la la land. We asked for a beer list... And he responded with... "Uhh what's that?".. You know a list of beers that you guys carry. We kind of laughed it off tho. They seemed to be a bit new as they didn't know which tables had been care of already or not. We had 3 people at our table at one pt. ..Frank ( who wasn't our server ) refilled our drinks & checked on us, was a great help & was very friendly. The food was so so but prices were very inexpensive. Free chips / salsa & bean dip & good horchata!
4	Wow just wowGecko grill has a unique and sweet taste on to their meals. Mango Sweet Shrimp Quesadilla is what I had...... MANGO.....Who thought of that? Put mango in a Quesadilla or anything else!! Very Very tasty.My experience here was great, our waitress Alexis did a wonderful job. Made sure our cups were always full and brought us chips and salsa  prior to our main course arriving to our table. Very clean place and environment. All the workers are all friendly and acknowledges you once you walk in.I highly recommend one of their chimichangas or burritos. Definitely will be seeing me here.
2	Went in today with great expectations per prior reveiws. Eh mediocre food. Chicken in taco was dry and bland. Service was so so. Won't be returning. sorry.
4	Very nice and friendly staff.  Food is excellent and authentic, their street tacos are exactly like the ones I've had anywhere in Mexico.  Their red menudo is always a cooking and it's always great!  The large bowl is muy mas, stick with the regular bowl, it's plenty.  Excellent menu, bottled cervesas, and a couple of great margaritas.Good times and friendly atmosphere.  Family will be regulars at this place!
4	Love their food, the only reason I gave 4 stars was because when they moved to the new location they stopped serving their wings which were my favorite dish.
4	Good American Mexican food. Good salsas and service has always been good. Just all around solid place to go. Only go during lunch..
4	Hooray! It re-opened. Shrimp/mango quesadillas are as good as ever, and most impressively, they use real tortillas. The old place didn't serve alcohol, and the new one does, which is a tremendous improvement.Service was on the slow side, especially given that the place was mostly empty, but the food was worth the wait. I love the fact that you get bean dip, green salsa, AND red salsa with the chips!
3	First time here. It was pretty busy, but the wait was short. Staff was very courteous and friendly. Food was good. Split the combo fajitas w/my BF and found the chicken, steak & shrimp to be delicious! Kids had a veggie burrito & an enchilada combo.. Both enjoyed. Only one, teeny, tiny suggestion.. Ordered 2 Pacificos (bottles) that could have been much colder. Asked for cold glasses that weren't that much colder. An ICE cold Mexican beer is always a plus with some yummy Mexican food :)
2	I really didn't like the food here. I came here as people told me this was really good Mexican. Honestly, it's more like tex-mex. I thought food was bland, dry, boring. I've had way better elsewhere with bigger portions for the same price. If I wanted tex-mex I would rather go to Nando's.
3	My girlfriend and I came with our friend. The service was very nice. The order didn't come out right the first time but they fixed it rather quickly.
4	New to this area and tried Gecko Grill out because I always see a line outside!  We've gone for breakfast and dinner; both were delicious.  The place is very small and very busy so get there early and expect a wait.  The wait is worth it though!
5	Awesome food.  Get the green salsa, I don't like green salsa but I love their green salsa.
1	Thoroughly unimpressed.  Very weak salsa selection. The red salsa reminded me of Taco Bell. The strawberry margarita was AWFUL!!!  Definitely won't be back. Want some good Mexican food?  Come up to Pinetop and go to Los Corrales.
5	Food here is great! It's not real Mexican food but it's good. I enjoying having lunch here. I recommend the chicken tamales and the beef nachos.
3	Noticed a new Mexican food restaurant close to my house so I figured I'd try it.... Called in my order and was told 10 minutes. Wasn't ready when I came to pick it up and the staff seemed kind of  discombobulated (possibly due to being a new restaurant??) Food was okay, but my glass mexican coke had this awful metallic aftertaste -  throw up in my mouth status... Honestly couldn't even take more than one sip bc it was that disgusting!
4	Very good food, great green chillies in the burrito, the shrimp mango quasiddia is very good.
5	I moved to Arizona 3 years ago after living in California near the Mexico border my entire life. It's been very difficult to find a good Mexican place similar to what I'm used to. This is the closest I've found. The breakfast is great, as is the menudo. I really enjoy the "flautas", although they are more like taquitos. The staff is always great and you can't beat the prices. I highly recommend this place.
2	I was so excited to see that this restaurant re-opened... Unfortunately that was short lived :-(  Took our family of 5 there tonight for dinner. Service was very poor, I think we actually offended our waitress by asking for drink refills! Food was was too salty and we all left with stomach aches. The salsa's were good... But they charged 1.89 for about 2 tbsp of mango salsa :-O.  After they nickel and dimed us we left disappointed .. And will not return
4	Our new favorite breakfast and lunch spot. We had almost given up on finding a great authentic Mexican restaurant and we finally found one in our own neighborhood. Breakfast are excellent! We get the chorizo plate( best Chorizo we've ever had), Menudo, and the breakfast quesadilla. All are fresh, homemade and delicious! Staff is always friendly and attentive.
4	Love their chicken and shrimp tacos! I ordered mine with no cheese and doused it with their red salsa. Perfect amount of sweet and spicy since the shrimp tacos come w/ pineapple mango salsa on it. Their tortilla chips are not that impressive or I'd give 5 stars.
5	Thanks for coming back to gilbert!!  I barely made it through those couple of years without my shrimp tacos!  My only suggestion-- change from pepsi to coke products!
4	I love this place, I mean it rocks the taste.  My gripe is the bean sauce (which is extremely addictive) so no issues there either.  So this review is really about the bean dip.  OK, so they charge .99 cents for each additional refill in the small cup, what bothers me is that you can place an order (that would come with bean dip in the dining area) but will not give you ANY bean dip if your order is to go.  I find this a bit cheap on their part and was given no real explanation as to why.  So I spend the same amount of money but no bean dip.  Kind of feel like I am being penalized for taking an order to go.I will go back, the food is awesome but I will not spend any money on orders to go as I do not like lack of accommodation with my full combination meal.  They know who I am and I love them all to death but this is a bit of a letdown.   I bordered on a 3 star review but opted for the four.
2	Love all the beans and veggies.  The food type in general is healthy. It is delicious.  But it's not the highest quality.  The service is a little lower than average.  We ordered a meal and it came out to be significantly less than we expected.  When we asked them why it was so sub par they just said that was the price.  We were just surprised they weren't accommodating or at least embarrassed to serve something with only 2 ingredients.  So we sent it back.  The saving grace is the dips.  Best bean dip,  best salsa.  So definitely start the meal with the free chips and dip.
1	It REALLY bums me out when a restaurants food is ruined my horrible customer service. Sadly, this restaurant isn't even on my "I'll just get the food because I like it and expect the service to suck" lists. Not even worth it. I called in an order to go and I was told 15 minutes or less. I arrive around 15 minutes later when it should be ready and the girl at the counter 1. Didn't acknowledge me, 2. Was in the way of everyone else who was busy doing their jobs 3. Was preoccupied with standing at the counter texting on her cell phone. I mean, really? I'm actually surprised none of the other employees told her to get off the phone and work because I could tell they were having to pick up some of her slack. I finally get her attention and say that I have an order for pick up and she says "you'll need to wait." Just like that, with a bad attitude and an extremely unwelcoming facial expression at that. So I take a seat next to the counter to wait. Mind you the place isn't busy. There's one couple waiting for a booth to open but there were many places to be seated. After waiting for about 10 minutes I stand up next to the counter and again, not acknowledged. I ask her if she could check to see if my order was ready (she didn't even ask my name when I originally arrived) and STILL texting on her phone says to herself "oh I didn't check you out." A woman who seemed to be the manager asks me what I ordered, told me it was ready and gave my bag of food to the cashier. As I was grabbing my money she got back on her phone texting AGAIN. Her being young and society's technology is no excuse. I can't believe she wasn't coached on proper customer service etiquette and extremely surprised that the management staff allows you to be on your phone while dealing with customers. Needless to say, this was extremely irritating. Didn't get an apology from anyone and the cashier didn't even thank me after I had paid. Sheesh, be warned. Can't stand the hassle of poor service even if the food is good!
4	They offer chips and salsa with different salsas.  Ordered a quesadilla  and it was bomb.com.  Food is good and priced reasonable.
3	I come to this place all the time and I do love the food. The service however, could use some work. My friend and I walked in and stood there for a little while before being told to wait. There was no greeting at all. They have a lot of employees, but I feel as though some are not well trained. I always have a very different experience every time I go. I will continue to come here, but I hope they do a better job next time.
4	2nd time lunching at Gecko Grill, great food, great service, great lunch
3	The food here is great! I always get the mini chimis and love them. The salsas and bean dip are always really good. The only thing that kinda turns me off is how everytime I walk in I'm not greeted. I always end up standing there while the employees are either walking by or looking over at us. Kinda awkward. But besides that the staff is friendly!
5	Best Mexican food ever! I have been going to this restaurant for years and i love the new location. The food tastes just the same and I wish I could go every day.I always get the chicken mango quesadilla. It is very popular for a reason ;)
4	Good food. Fresh. Some items seem a little pricey  shrimp mango quesadilla is really good
4	Food was yummy, service was excellent. I got the "camarones al mojo ajo" it was very buttery, but I liked it. My hubs got "southwestern shrimp burrito" it was super creamy and heavy, but also very good. Our server was amazing! He was attentive, polite, but also gave us our space. I look forwArd to going back. Their mango shrimp quesadilla is legendary. It's my favorite things on the menu so far.
2	Had my first experience with this popular spot today.  Unfortunately, our waitress was on her third day on the job so service was poor.  She and the manager even apologized for that.  But, everyone is new to a job at least once and, as a former restaurant worker, I tend to be quite forgiving.  Whenever I go to a new "ethnic" restaurant I usually order one of the "baseline dishes," because if these dishes are good the rest of the menu items are also usually good.   Here I did a taco and a cheese enchilada combo.  First, I couldn't get ground beef even though the waitress told me ground beef was an option, instead I got big chucks of shredded beef in the taco.  The pieces were dry and tough, so as I bit into the taco shell I ended up with a huge hunk of beef hanging out of my mouth with a little piece of shell.  Not at all good.  Most disappointing, though, was the complete lack of "zing" in any of the food I had.  Everything was bland, bland, bland, even the salsas served at the beginning of the meal were lackluster!  I could not taste any cilantro or jalapeno in anything!  Mexican food is supposed to have a little kick in it, but not here.  Even Taco Bell has more spice and flavor than Gecko Grill.  My wife ordered a Seafood Grande with the sauce on the side as she is extremely sensitive to any level of spicy food.  Turned out there was no sauce in this dish but the burro was covered with melted pepperjack cheese because that's too hot for her.  She sent it back and ordered a shredded beef chimi.  The staff did get that out fairly rapidly.  While my wife liked this dish, she did admit that the chucks of shredded beef were very dry and not until she poured some of the liquidy bean dip on the meat was she satisfied with it.  I tasted some of the beef and it was very dry, just as in my taco.  Also, she got a little cup of salsa fresca with her chimi but thought it was more like pico de gallo.  I tasted it and it was so oniony that I actually spit it out into my napkin.  YUK!  The onions tasted as if they had been soaking in the pico de gallo for several days.  I'm not able to recommend this place to anyone unless you want to pretend you are eating Mexican food and are satisfied with the "gringo" blandness that permeates their menu.
5	The food is fabulous (I love the Gecko Burro and Pollo Fundido...and the strawberries and cream--one word-- AMAZING), the service and location are awesome and their involvement in the community is so great! I love supporting a great business like this!
5	Talk about a good meal for the price, this place is outstanding. It is clean and the service has always been good. Dollar for dollar, this place rocks.
1	The service here is a joke it's so awful that I can't even begin to explain it The servers disnt't refill our drinks that often, and they were so disorganized. The food was pretty awful. My father ordered a tamale and they told him they were out. They then brought him the saddest reject tamale I've ever seen. It was obviously just microwaved and wasn't fresh at all. I was VERY disappointed especially for the cost.
