3	The food was good, but the service was glacial.Five plates took an hour. An add on skewer took over 20 minutes to arrive, only to come undercooked and needed to be sent back. Even getting the bill took nearly ten minutes.With three servers and three cooks for four tables this is unreasonably slow, even in a leisurely environment. I'm hoping this is just an early service hiccup as the food was good, but not good enough to overcome needing 90 minutes for a couple plates of appetizers.
4	The food is great, but the service, while cordial and friendly, seems inexperienced and slow.Everything we ordered was amazing, and the suggested platters even more so. We were a group of 8, so we felt it was understandable to receive slower service. However, everything is slow, from ordering a skewer to receiving the bill (which took more than 15 minutes). I think the servers are simply lacking experience in terms of taking orders in an efficient manner.Service aside, the food is some of the best I've ever had in comparison to other K-W establishments. The prices aren't excessive, and the menu is diverse.Since they're new, give them a chance. Despite the inevitable wait, the food is thoroughly enjoyable, and the staff is very friendly.
1	MUST READ THIS REVIEW! Went to Kinkaku last night and it was one of the worse izakaya i have been to.Food: 1/5Service: 3/5We were sitting at the open kitchen bar and witness a few disturbing things. First of all, half of their food are just precooked frozen food that you can buy at the grocery store. (Takoyaki, Gyoza, okonomiyaki, yakisoba are the ones I witnessed, who knows how many more there are)The other thing which was EXTREMELY disturbing is the kitchen hygiene. Its not that the kitchen was dirty, but it was the chefs. I witnessed that one of the chef was using a spoon the taste test one of the dish and after he put this spoon in his mouth, he used the same spoon to stir the sauce. He did this three times for the same dish! Another thing i witnessed is that the other chef used his hand to rub his nose and then continues to plate the food with his those hands!If you don't believe in the things I said, you are welcome to sit at the bar and look inside the kitchen. However, just look but don't eat.
5	My friend and I tried this last night and it was great! The food and drink was delicious and well made, the decor was pretty, and the service was great! Our food arrived quickly and the server was super nice and accommodating.
3	The restaurant has a very unique style. The owners are very friendly. Food tasted very good and was very true to Japan, however service was slow. I would go back again.
5	They do AYCE now! The previous time, I went for their $25 8-course prix fixe menu and since most of the items are now on the AYCE dinner menu, this makes for an even better deal since you can choose what you want. :)Prices (add $2 for sat, sun, holidays):Lunch $12.99Dinner $22.99Very close in price to some of the more expensive places in K-W area (eg. Spring Rolls, Itamae, Ye's Buffet) but does food a lot better!It was very quiet when we came in, we were one of two tables and we were there for quite a while! Service was amazing, staff asked us many times if the food was good (it was!) and they were very patient, willing to spend time explaining items on the menu to us. This is in sharp contrast to all the other AYCE sushi places where staff don't seem pleased at all with customers and throw your dishes onto your table. I didn't have issues with food coming slowly as other reviewers noted, though this might be because the restaurant wasn't busy when I went. When we sat down, we placed an initial order for miso soup, green salad, sashimi platter and eel sushi, and this was all received very quickly while we were still figuring out what else to order!If going for dinner, you've got to try the Carpaccio. Thinly sliced sashimi in ponzu sauce (slightly sour) with thinly sliced avocado. Takoyaki and Okonomiyaki are also on their AYCE menu and are better than the ones I've eaten before at night markets. A lot of their rolls don't have the usual "filling" (eg. cucumber, avocado), so bonus points if large chunks of cucumbers in your roll at other AYCE places have ever bothered you (looking at you Ye's Buffet!). Mango and salmon roll used ripe mangoes, and not the cucumber-like mangoes that usually appear in other mango rolls. Eel sushi was topped with the largest pieces of unagi I've seen yet on sushi. Presentation all-around was fantastic.Portion sizes on each order are unpredictable, some kitchen orders come as a full plate, some come by each individual item. Ikayaki used to come as one big long plate, but now they've (fortunately) reduced the serving size.Staff had no clue about the wi-fi when I asked (there are two wi-fi networks nearby named Kinkaku and kinkaku). EDIT: I think these are gone now.It feels like they're still ordering the same quality they did before when I went as an $25 8-course prix fixe menu, but now in an AYCE context. Highly recommend.
4	Excellent food for fairly good price. Not very kid friendly. I recommend you bring your own high chair.
5	This new place in town is amazing! We went when it first opened and they had the prix fixe menu for $25. There were 6 courses and all dishes were superb. Definitely satisfied my cravings for Japanese Izakaya! It was definitely worth the money. Heard from friends that they recently switched to all you can eat for even cheaper prices. Memu includes all dishes from the prix fixe menu. Will definitely pay more visits in the future. Very good food for reasonable price.
3	I'm having difficulty differentiating this place from any other AYCE place (sushi, buffet, etc). I know the actual difference between a sushi, ramen, and izakaya restaurant but they all seem to offer the same kind of items. At Kinkaku Izakaya, you can order a ton of appetizers as well as sushi. Kinkaku simply has a bit of a higher reputation because 1) izakaya's have a generally classier connotation than buffets, 2) the non-Japanese staff speak some Japanese, and 3) the food quality is slightly higher for an relatively astronomical price. They didn't let my group have non-AYCE. For an AYCE, this is probably one of the best places in Waterloo if you're willing to spend even more money. I did enjoy their green tea pudding though. It had azuki beans at the bottom, yum!Ah, and they get points for having a fancy interior.
4	Great ambiance and one of the better quality Japanese in Waterloo.Right across from City Hall.
4	Well, I'm still annoyed at the lack of parking nearby, however, we ate here tonight and the food is great.  There was not a dish we didn't enjoy except maybe the grilled squid which was a sizeable portion and about as tender as rubber tires.  Very hard chewing.  We tried the Tokoyaki - they were delicious, and we reordered.  Ditto the ebimayo fried shrimp.  Huge shrimp perfectly cooked with a mayo sauce reminiscent of Ranch dressing. The strip loin was great BUT - there was a large ball of clumped salt in the dish which accidentally landed in my mouth causing me to gag and spit it out into my napkin.  NOT pleasant at all.  The dish was tasty but on the salty side.  The tuna and salmon carpaccio were both lovely. The grilled pork cheeks were sort of like the squid - boona rubber, tasty boona rubber.  Pork cheeks really are not suitable for grilling.  The spicy crab sushi was a little too spicy for our liking. The heat overpowered any taste of the crab meat.  The okonomiyaki (pancake) was interesting and tasty.  Quite a large portion though and somewhat filling. The creme brulee was perfectly made with a nice hard top and smooth as silk interior.  The green tea pudding with red bean bottom was okay, a little strong flavoured for a western palate perhaps, although the red bean bottom is a nice touch.  The gyoza were not worth the calories.  Overly crisp having been deep fried, and we've had much better here at home (pan fried) or at Grace and Healthy Dumplings in Waterloo.  The crab meat and cheese wontons were delicious - a nice sweet dessert like item.  Couldn't taste the crab meat at all, but the cheese is a sweet delight.  All in all we will be returning to sample other delicacies in future.   The service is 5 star - The waitresses are always coming over to ask what else you might like, asking if the food is to your liking, refilling water glasses, etc.  It was crowded and there were lines at the door and the kitchen staff was pushed, so we did have to wait for some of our dishes.  We did make a reservation and were seated with no wait time.  The noise level, unfortunately was deafening.  Hard for the waitresses to hear the order, hard for the patrons to converse at all thanks to a couple of rowdy all male groups.   NOT recommended for a quiet date night.
5	Fabulous! I would rate this as the best Japanese AYCE in Waterloo.The carpaccios were to die for. Can you imagine my excitement when I saw they had beef carpaccio?? I've been searching high and low for "beef sashimi" in Waterloo and none of the other AYCE places have it! The beef is made from high quality beef also, none of the thin cheap stuff here, just lovely bite sizes of AAA beef!Ok, enough with the beef. Other food items on the menu are also amazing, many that you can't find at other AYCE. Takoyaki? CHECK. Pork Cheek? CHECK. Grilled squid? CHECK. My friend that went with me couldn't have seafood, but that didn't deter her exitement at all! Be sure to also try the green tea pudding! It's got a lovely layer of red bean underneath as a surprise.The service was fantastic, our server kept on coming back to our table to ask how everything was throughout the meal. Although we couldn't really give her a proper answer, just nodded and grunted our approval because we were all stuffing our faces. She recommended a couple items that we didn't recognize off the menu, and oh let me tell you, they did not disappoint! The speed that the food came was super, much faster than the speed that we cleared our dishes so that was nice (and we were lightspeed!). I was a bit disappointed that they did not have any oysters or ramen in stock. But that's ok! I'll come back another time. :)
2	This place tried to imitate Guu. You can really notice the moment you come in. And initially it had a small chance of replicating that experience here in KW. I was hoping that they could iron out the kinks in the first few months and deliver something unique that wasn't available in town. Unfortunately, they have turned into a "me too" all you can eat place. They have a few dishes that are decent, but the hope for this place was to experiment with food to go beyond the usual sushi joint meals and deliver some creative plates like Guu.
5	Definitely the best all you can eat sushi place in Kitchener-Waterloo! Salmon was a tad fatty, but wow it was fresh! My favourite before trying Kinkaku was Itamae. But Kinkaku beat it by a landslide. There were a bunch of things on the menu that aren't accessible in the area. For example the okonomiyaki (which was like an explosion of heavenly goodness in my mouth. Sooooo good!). The interior design is lovely, but wish it wasn't so dark. Service is awesome! Received nothing but smiles and kindess by the waitresses, and the welcoming "irasshaimase"s from the cooks. Overall, I'd rate this place a 10/10!
4	This was a great AYCE. As soon as you walk in, you are greeted by the staff.  The atomshpere is very cozy.  The service was fast, friendly and efficient. My drink was full at all times before it even got to the bottom. The server made many suggestions for me and the were great. Their carpaccio was very good full of flavours. The sashimi was fresh and good.  Only thing I would like it would be for it to be cut thinner. The crunch Dragon roll was delicious. I would have to say that was my favorite roll. But the others were very fresh.  Portion were prefectly made. The kaki frai was good except for the sauce it was to sweet for my liking.The beef and asparagus roll once again sauce was very sweet and it was swimming in it. I was disappointed. There calamari I enjoyed. I liked how the batter was just slightly dusted on and had a great taste. I love how they had different selection for dessert. The coconut ice cream was great. I love how it had coconut pieces but I found it milky. I had the green tea pudding and it was a very light dessert, on the bottom had red bean and it was quite nice. The creme brulee was really cute and nice.
5	Oh, wow! I've had a lot of Japanese food from all over...not just in Canada but in a lot of Asian countries as well. By far the best Japanese food I've had in Canada so far! :) The price is really good for the quality of food you get. Would definitely come back many many times. :) There aren't too many quality Asian restaurants in KW, but Kinkaku izakaya is definitely the best there is!
5	We came on a Saturday night the place was bustling but we were able to find an empty spot. We were seated quickly and looked at the menu. There was a wide selection of sushi and other Japanese cuisine dishes that we haven't seen at other ayce Japanese restaurants such as takoyaki and beef carpaccio. The food was served extremely fast and everything was absolutely delicious. The servers were very fast and courteous. The creme brulee that we had for dessert exceeded any expectations we had for an ayce restaurant. The green tea pudding was absolutely amazing and really topped off the meal.Would definitely go back to try the other dishes that we haven't tried before and also they their wide selection of Sake and Japanese beers.
5	Don't think I'll be able think of any other AYCE sushi place the same after trying Kinkaku - it was just that good. Seriously, my mind was blown that food of that quality could be served AYCE-style. Highly recommend.
4	Was so impressed with this place! Definitely one of the top places for Japanese AYCE in the KW region. Both the service and food were definitely above par. Water was consistently topped off and our napkins and dishes got switched mid meal! Our waitress was very patient and extremely nice.Wholeheartedly agree with other reviews - the carpaccio is seriously delicious AND THEY HAVE BEEF CARPACCIO TOO! Other recommendations include pork cheek, grilled squid and beef short ribs. Their menu has a lot more hot items than sashimi/sushi so if you're only craving sashimi/sushi , i would not recommend Kinkaku.In terms of dessert, the green tea pudding was AMAZING (although I do wish the layer of red bean was slightly thinner) and the creme brulee had a nice thick caramelized top. And they have coconut icecream! COCONUT! I was excited for the takoyaki but was sad to find out that it was 80% dough - would not recommend it. Another note: their dinner is $24.99 EVERY DAY which I don't really like but hey, what can you do.
5	This place was absolutely amazing and had the best service I have ever received for a sushi AYCE. I think they were an a la carte restaurant at first, but eventually turned AYCE to keep up with the demand. Of course, I was a bit apprehensive about the quality of the service and food once a sushi place turns AYCE, but my worries were completely quelled. My date and I arrived on a busy Friday night, around 7pm, so the wait time was about half an hour; it's a bit long (which was to be expected) and the place is a bit small, but it was definitely worth the wait. The service was amazing. I'm so used to sushi places just taking your orders and plopping down your dishes and 'forgetting' some orders, but this was a complete 180. Opening your chopsticks? The waitress is there to take the garbage away. Need to put the menu on your seat but you already washed your hands? The waitress will do it for you. The staff also always recommend dishes for you (try the carpaccio, you won't regret it) and it's so refreshing to see a sushi AYCE actually WANT you to try all their dishes. I went again with a group of friends and the waitress always made sure our water was topped off and she asked my friend 3 times if he wanted his ice tea refilled (to which he declined). The food came extremely quick, and they were all wonderfully made. The sashimi was generously cut, and the maki was made perfectly. My favourites were the beef and salmon carpaccio, salmon mango sushi, and the takoyaki. The takoyaki was perfectly made and sooo delicious.Dinner was 24.99 per adult, which is pretty standard for any sushi AYCE, and with the quality of the service and food, I'm not complaining. I think dinner would be the better option over lunch, because they have a lot more variety of dishes. I'll definitely be coming back to Kinkaku again.
4	This place is THE place to get on your all-you-can-eat sushi fix in the KW region. The food at this all-you-can-eat establishment is of higher quality compare to other ones I tried in the KW-region. Pros: - A wide variety of food, even food you would typically find at an a-la-carte izakaya - Great service, came frequently to refill water, take away plates, etc - Higher quality food- Sushi and sashimi are more fresh compare to other all-you-can-eat establishments in the KW region - Good ambiance, comfortable setting - Loved their desserts- Take reservations - Rolls are made with good presentation Cons: - Waitresses keep doubting us for not being able to finish the food, even though we did finish all the food in the end (always order with confidence) - High price on all days of the week, more expensive compared to other all-you-can eat establishments
5	Went on a Saturday night with a group of 5, we had no reservations and we're immediately seated at a table. Our coats were taken by the hostess and menus and drink orders were taken within a few minutes. The sushi/sashimi were very high quality (only roll which wasn't very good was the veggie roll) and delicious. The cooked items were also very good and our waitress was suggesting several items off the menu which she highly recommended... which I find usually doesn't happen at an AYCE sushi restaurant. All wait staff were helpful and attentive. Drinks were quick refilled without our need to ask and orders were taken very quickly.Decor us nice and bathrooms / restaurant appears very clean.Overall definitely the best AYCE sushi place in KW. Highly recommended.
5	This might be the best AYCE in Waterloo. It's decently cheap in comparison to other AYCEs. It has a lot of variety as well that you can't get at other AYCE (takoyaki) . The service isn't the best but there are very few AYCE places with good service, so expect the same service as any other place. I've been here four times and would love to go more if it were closer to School. It's a must try for sushi lovers.
5	The best sushi in KW area! Their sushi' meats are thick and the rice don't easily crumble. They also have other interesting things in the menu, like takoyaki and okonomiyaki. The service is very professional and friendly.The price is quite steep, but it's worth it as can be evidenced by the line ups every night. Definitely recommending it, especially its takoyaki.
5	Really the best AYCE in KW! although I didnt eat any sushi like salmon or rare beef, the teppanyaki and dessert are awesome! Green tea pudding is a little sweet, but still better than others
5	People who are rating this lower than a 4 (let's be honest, less than a 5) are crazy, delusional, or have no "good" taste in food. I say this as someone who has tried sushi in many parts of North America - Toronto, NYC, LA, SF, Seattle, Vancouver; the list goes on, and I've gone to the places most suggested by the locals there.Let's get down to business though. PAY CASH - you save roughly the amount it would cost for tax, bringing the AYCE price at dinner in a similar context to Sushi 99 or O'yummy.BUT THE QUALITY OF SUSHI. HOLY CRAP. Let's be honest, I haven't seen a better cut of sushi in SW Ontario for an AYCE place in a LONG time. Sure, the "a la carte" places have great sushi, but there's a reason why - these other places can't do AYCE because it would cost them all of their premium fish!Kinkaku Izakaya had some of the best cuts of sashimi I've ever eaten in the Kitchener-Waterloo area, in the five years of me going to school there. Trust me, I've eaten at Spring Rolls, Sushi 99, Itamae, Sushi Star, Ye's (both before and after the renovation), O'yummy, and a few "a la carte" places like Tomu, Watami, and that other place in Kitchener that I can't remember the name of right now.Further, the carpaccio (basically, thinly-sliced seasoned sashimi) is a taste I will not soon forget. The rolls were on par with the other places, but the HAND ROLLS - basically, everyone I've brought there (i hosted a party of 16 here for my graduation celebration dinner) absolutely LOVED the "Big Hand Roll"; so not only is it "definitely worth trying", it's worth it to get multiple for each person to enjoy the sheer amount of awesome it embodies.Other notable things: GREEN TEA PUDDING. YOU GOTTA BE KIDDING ME - my favourite ice cream flavour as a PUDDING? Also, deep fried Mars bar is way more filling than you'd first expect - don't try to eat more than 2 per person in fear of getting too full too fast. Meats are of a good cut - pork cheek, strip loin are of awesome quality (great seasoning too!), but the main "attraction" for meats is definitely the BBQ Short Ribs. I'd probably eat a million-and-a-half if my stomach wouldn't burst from the sheer weight of the meat I would consume.Let's do some comparison analysis for you foodies out there:Pros: - HUGE portion sizes for the sashimi. I'm used to thinner slices from the chefs because then you could just order more, but take a look at the picture I posted of the sashimi dish - WHY IS IT SO MASSIVE. THAT'S FIFTY (50) PIECES. WHAT THE CRAP.- Carpaccio creates a nice "alternative" to sashimi, since it's pre-seasoned, and always has a nice flavour to it.- "MUST TRY" items are truly "must try" - even if you're not a fan of the item, I guarantee you'll find the experience enlightening.- Small environment, so very tight knit - it's one long "corridor", with tables on the left and the sushi bar / admin area on the right.- Fancy looking - while new, it's by far the newest looking one of the KWC AYCE places.Cons:- Costly-ish - especially for dinner (lunch, more reasonable, but no sashimi), around $28 after tip if you pay cash, $30+ otherwise.- Dessert menu doesn't have a lot of variety - deep-fried Mars bar, green tea pudding, creme brulee and ice cream are the only noteworthy things, and while they're "enough" for a person like me, some people like more selection at their local AYCE eateries.- Vegetarian options are lacking (as with any AYCE place) - while there are obviously options, if you're a vegan, it's extremely hard to find something that will work well with you here (obviously, there's fish, and meat, and more fish, and... I guess rice?)- Doesn't seat a whole ton of people. I'd peg it around 1/4 the size of Sushi 99 on Northfield, but it makes sense, considering the location (across from Kitchener city hall).- Wait times can be annoying if you don't make a reservation (I did the time I brought 16 people).- Not a great selection of alcohol (Sapporo / Asahi I believe are the only two), but that's kind of to be expected.- Tea costs $1 (some places have it free, some don't; it's definitely a con since you don't want to back out after you ask for it).OVERALL: Best place to go in the KWC area, and at LEAST a "must try" for any sushi lovers / foodies in the Kitchener-Waterloo region that craves a great cut of meat/sushi.
