4	Whats better than not doing 1500 sit ups? Coming from a guy who likes the gym I would have to say the my first treatment with Vanity Body Sculpting was an electrifying experience!  Hanna is a skilled and knowledgeable technician who wasn't afraid to push the boundaries for the best results.  The micro current technology is something i was familiar with for facial muscle toning but never tried it on the body, but it trimmed me up and made my obliques look awesome.  The room was comfortable and private and i felt supported through the hour long treatment.  I am happy with the results and would go back for more!
5	I was definitely surprised by body sculpting. I did not expect to lose an inch from the hips from the first hour treatment. I could feel the machine working and using the micro currents to contract my muscles. I was worried it would be painful but it wasn't- in fact it was quite soothing.  The sensation was similar to the one I feel at the gym, halfway through my ab workout and trying to psych myself into finishing. Instead, my body wasn't tired and the hour passed by almost too quickly. Definitely breath deeply throughout the procedure. If you are into yoga or pilates you will love this because the machine and the breathing combined put me into the same sort of trance and I felt amazing after. The best part was that I achieved such dramatic results in that hour then I did in about a months' work of yoga! You need to try this!
5	Vanity body sculpting is something everyone has to try.  I was not sure how it worked at first but Hannah was very good at explaining the process for me.  She set me up on the machine and made sure I was comfortable.  I love this process!  It really helped smoothe out the trouble spots I had on my stomach.  You can also watch movies while you're getting your treatment done!
5	Hannah was very sweet and professional. She thoroughly walked me through the procedure and explained everything. I was skeptical of this, but it works pretty well. It is uncomfortable and definitely not fun, but if the results last it will be worth it. I lost one inch off my waist after just one hour. I will be returning :-)
5	Hannah was very sweet and professional. She thoroughly walked me through the procedure and explained everything. I was skeptical of this, but it works pretty well. It is uncomfortable and definitely not fun, but if the results last it will be worth it. I lost one inch off my waist after just one hour. I will be returning :-)Update:So I did two one-hour treatments back to back today. I was so impressed I bought a package for 12 treatments. Hannah is the best, so sweet, non-judgemental and really makes sure you are comfortable. Have you ever done a plank, or an exercise where your muscle starts shaking? That's what the treatment feels like. It doesn't hurt, and afterwards you feel refreshed and thinner. I'm not one to beleive in weight loss treatments (like the hcg shot, weird diets, etc) but this really works. The results are immediate so you can't deny it- And you even feel And look thinner the next day! An added bonus: I did some research before deciding to buy a package and it turns out the micro current machine was designed and is used to treat pain disorders like fibromyalgia, arthritis and MS. I have fibro so this is a huge plus! Only doctors can advertise for medical purposes, but it's the same machine and Hannah knows how to do it. If you need an extra boost losing weight or tightening up, I definitely recommend this!
5	I had my first one hour treatment yesterday and it was awesome!  Hannah was great at explaining the process and I felt super comfortable the whole time.  I definitely felt worked out and even lost 2 inches off my entire mid section.  Definitely go check her out :)
5	Hannah is awesome and the treatments work! You will NOT get better treatment results with ANY other procedure...lasers don't work but this does!!
5	Finally!  Something that really works to tighten the last few inches that working out hasn't been able to do.  Hannah is amazing and so knowledgeable.  Results can be seen within the first treatment, and I highly recommend this experience.  It's a bit taxing but by no means painful, and worth the results.Hannah walks you through the steps, offers movies if you like and gives actual results via measuring tape & photos so you can see actual sculpting.
5	Hannah is so friendly and great at explaining the treatment! She immediately makes you feel at ease and consistently checks on you to make sure you are getting the most out of your session. Vanity is a clean and comfortable environment and relaxing as well!
5	I had my first treatment yesterday and YES!! you can actually get a work out laying down watching TV ...you have to take breaths in between just as you would working out!!! ...it gets intense but does not hurt at all..Hanna is really sweet and explains the procedure so well. I have been been working out and plateaued , so I decided to get some help. I lost an inch to and inch and a half with the first treatment... I will keep you updated!!!  This is an experience where loosing something is GOOD! ( "
5	I have two procedures the last one  was 2 days a go ..I got on the scale today and I lost 2 pounds!!! I Hanna told me that it may happen and it did, I drank a lot of water as she told me too to help flush my system out..I have another treatment this week, I am excited to say the least. I have lost 2 inches in my waist and about an inch and an half on my hips and thighs..my tummy shows the most change my skin is tighter and has shrunk quite a bit!!! before the treatment I was stuck and the scale would not budge despite the diet and exercise, I would not believe this unless I did it myself, I am a believer..!!!
5	I am absolutely in love with Vanity Body Sculpting.  I had my first session with Hannah on Saturday and was nervous because I didn't know what to expect.  She took the time to explain everything so thoroughly and made me feel really comfortable. Throughout the whole procedure, I watched Netflix from her big screen TV (Helllooo orange is the new black.) I had her target my stomach and I lost 3 1/2 inches total on the first time (1 inch from waist, 1 inch from abdomen, and another 1 1/2 from my diaphragm.)  I instantly felt like my shorts were a lot looser and my entire stomach just felt more tight (the same type of feeling you start to get after you've been working out consistently for a few weeks.) Even the flabby area on my back started going in and looked more firm just following the first session. When I got home and weighed myself I lost 2 pounds.. AMAZINGGGGGG!  I will definitely be back!!!!
5	Great results! I lost inches after the first session. Hannah made me feel very comfortable, I will definitely be back soon!
