1	Moved from AZ to FL.  Paid North American Beltmann Group 9000$ to pack and move our items.  Contract states deliver between 7/1 and 7/5(with me choosing date).  North American delivered our items 17days late.  We did not get our household until the 18th of July!  My family was forced to live in a single bedroom we rented, my baby slept in a pack and play.  North American also lost several items.  We received the PS3 box, but when you opened the box, the console was missing.  They lost a comforter, art, a doll, ribbons and awards.  Not to mention the broken items. We purchased MVP protection which states it will repair/replace/reimburse damaged and missing items.  North American has not reimbursed us for anything.  I just received a letter today stating they will no reimburse us our missing items. They will not honor their own contract.
1	We made a cross country move and had investigated several moving companies.  We chose Beltmann because of their reputation, professionalism with the initial quote and after 2 references gave excellent reports.  We were happy with the quote and the preparation.  Unfortunately, things went poorly after that.  The day the packers came, they did come on time and finished in the time that we were quoted.  I was initially pleased, but later disappointed as certain boxes were not there for the movers the next day (TV cartons, etc).  When we unpacked, we found some very fragile items carelessly packed.  We had also set up the entire move as two parts- one to our new residence as well as storage.  The packers were unaware of this (so did not have two sets of stickers), the movers were unaware as well as the movers at our new location.  Moving day was extremely bad. Our truck was "dropped" meaning the driver dropped it off in front of our house to work at another site.  We had a 1900 sq foot house, estimated 10,000 lbs and they had only 3 movers.  The lead person had trouble marking our items and coordinating the other two movers.  They almost ran out of tape, had no elastic bands, shrink wrap and were not prepared with mattress cartons. They managed to lose track or not mark parts of anything that was disassembled.  The loading took over 12 hours and was still going on when I left at 9pm.  There was absolutely no correct count on our items (we had things marked with up to 3 stickers and at least 15 items without a sticker)The company contact was extremely apologetic and listened to our concerns.  They did mail us a $100 gift card, but for a move that was $8000, it seemed somewhat insignificant.  They later told us they fired the 3 people from that day.  However, we have come to learn that moving people are often "fired" one day and hired back the next.   I asked if they could please make sure there were enough people at our new residence to make it go more quickly.  We were assured there would be.Sadly, a truck breakdown delayed our offload one day past our window, 2 people no-showed for the move and we again had 3 people.  One was the driver who was tired (understandably!) and so it was really 2 movers. Additionally, offload was delayed because NO ONE had the keys to unlock our load.  Only one of three keys was eventually located.  Once opened, the items were shifted and were noted to be clearly poorly packed by the movers here.  The poor marking of things in Phoenix made the unload difficult.  I had brought some hardware with me that did not make it onto the truck, but the rest of the hardware could not be located.I will say that Beltmann did arrange for a third party to come and assemble what was not assembled the following day.  They were apologeticIn all, I do think we were a victim of two days where they had an unexpected shortage of people.  However, I think they are completely responsible for not assigning a trained person on our loading day, not responsible for conveying this was a split move (which complicated things on both sides).  It was completely unprofessional to not have keys to the trailer.  As nice as they have been verbally, I would not use this company based on the actions of their movers.
5	I am so glad I chose Beltmann for my move from Phoenix to NC. I had quotes from 4 company's. The weight range for my stuff was anywhere from 1700lbs to 3000lbs. The Beltmann Rep quoted 2010lbs. Based on other reviews (including BBB) I went with Beltmann. The actual weight of my stuff was 2000lbs! Beltmann got it within 10lbs! I was impressed with all aspects of my move. They also arrived in NC within 5 days. Nothing was damaged. I would recommend Beltmann to everyone
5	Beltmann did a wonderful job moving my household goods from Phoenix to Portland, OR. They calculated the weight and said I would not be charged for any weight that was over their estimate and would receive the difference if it was less. They were almost dead-on with their estimate and everything arrived safely in Oregon. The driver, workers and estimator were great. They were courteous and respectful of my property and placed everything where it needed to go and assembled the furniture that needed assembly(dining room table legs, feet on the couch, etc).I would use them again without thinking about it.
5	Hired this company (Local Phoenix branch of North American) to move from Phoenix to Houston. I had multiple companies give us a quote, not only was Beltmann the best priced, they were the most informative, friendly and professional. The movers did a fantastic job and our stuff arrived earlier than expected. My price was also reduced as our belongings weighed slightly less than quote. Other companies completely overcharged. No damage to our belongings and nothing missing. I HIGHLY recommend this place for your move.
5	Beltmann group was amazing!  I have never used professional movers before.  I have moved 30 times and considered myself an expert mover!  They proved me wrong.  From packing, loading, and hauling to unloading I could not have been more impressed!  I had no worries about my belongings!  Our driver, Greg, and Dylan were wonderful!  Kept me updated and so patient with us!  Loved our experience with Beltmann!
