5	A great place for private parties to sing Karaoke with friends and family.  There are many rooms --all are modern, clean, and have a very helpfull and friendly staff at the ring of a call button.  They serve small food appetizers, and alcoholic drinks.Many modern English songs from the Top 40 Charts, and  also have other various languages of songs.  The user interface of the Karaoke machine is a little tricky to use at first.  It can be a little confusing trying to find an artist or song on the graffic menus. (Ask for the song book...It helps)
4	We had originally intended to go to Q Karaoke, which is in the same run-down shopping plaza. But they had a long wait, which caused us to start wandering looking for something to do. Then we found this place! I couldn't believe how nice it was inside compared to the outside parking lot. The place is very stylish and modern, clean, and well-decorated. Because of their slightly high prices ($20 an hour or $150 drink minimum) we were the ONLY people there at 11:30pm on a Saturday night. This meant we got super attentive and friendly service from the bartender, waitress, room-helper person, and security guard. They showed us how to set up the touch screen device and adjust the volume of the mic. We still got a bit confused because the buttons are in Chinese, but once we got our queue going things were good. We spent two hours singing our hearts out to classic rock and pop, as well as really new songs by artists like Katy Perry. They usually have MTV music videos for the newer stuff. Drinks are about $9 or $10; we didn't order any food. I can't wait to go back to Vegas so I can come here with even more friends next time!
2	ok ok, let me get this out here.  this place is actually kind of cool and chill.  it's a nice mix of off strip clubbing if you don't want to mess with the ridiculous crowds of tao, pure, etc...music is good, parking easy, drinks moderately priced.  slightly a bit higher than most off strip locales, but somewhat justified with the ambiance you get in the place.so why 2 stars you ask?  becasue to date, i've never seen more than 10 people in here.  even on like a friday and saturday night.  we walk in last night to have the 2nd part of a combined birthday party here, and low and behold they decide they want to start charing $5 dollar cover.  now i KNOW 5 dollars is not a massive amount of money, but the two cardinal rules of a vegas local:1.  never pay to get into a club because you know better2.  never wait to get into a club because you know betterforbes, as much as i like your establishment, you CANNOT justify a cover charge.  your crowds in there are 90% local crowd, and if we didn't want to mess with covers we would just go somewhere on the strip...you are already hurting for business as its always dead in there every single time i walk in, what genuis on your management team decided that charging cover would be a good idea all of a sudden.check out forbes if they're not charging to get in.  if they do charge cover, go elsewhere it's definitely not worth a cover charge.
3	After a long day from work and 4 hours of school, I made a pit stop at Forbes to pay respect, hand over a gift and joined in the fun for one of my sister's surprise birthday party. This is my second visit at Forbes. The first time was for my friend's birthday party on the main room and the theme was gold and goggles, which was a fun and entertaining night with the whole place being packed with gold, glitz and silly outfits.This time and although the main dance floor and bar was a ghost town, I proceeded into Room 2 where my sister's party was held. The room was crowded with all of her friends, food, drinks and lots of singing along to a play list. Everyone seemed to be having a blast! They have been eating and ordering since 8pm and the food looked appetizing. I did try the chicken wings and didn't finish it because it was already cold when I arrived. I do like my food fresh and HOT! Therefore, this review is based on my Karaoke experience.  Considering the crowd's enjoyment, my experience was a good one and I even managed to sing along to "Girls just wanna have fun".  LOL! One of my sister's said that they were able to have the private room from 8-4am for free and as long as they spent over $500 of food and drinks, which they had no problem in doing so being that there were from 25 and eventually leading up to 45 people by the end of the night (as what I was told the next day). Forbes even gave my sisters and their friends a round of comped shots. Since the bunch are in the service industry, Forbes servers received a big tip for their friendly service.I wouldn't mind coming back to continue my singing and trying their food while it's fresh and HOT....ssssss!
2	I'm not sure what to think of this place. It seems like it could be a pretty decent spot. The problem is, at least when I was there, it's pretty dead. I was there with a few friends on the Sunday night before Labor Day, so it wasn't exactly a weeknight but not a Friday/Saturday night either.The highlight for me has to be the DJs. I enjoyed most of the mixes they served up. The place has a large dance floor compared to its overall size. Of course, being pretty dead, there were never more than a handful of people using it at a time. My friends and I were sitting at one of the tables directly across from the psychedelic looking giant display thingy. I often found myself staring at it, realizing I had been staring at it, and then wondering exactly how long I was just staring at it.I'm not sure I'd be inclined to return if it's ever suggested again. At least there wasn't a cover charge.
5	Forbes had reopen on 11-11-2010 Business Hours has change5:00pm-5:00am Daily5:00pm-9:00pm Happy Hours Special Rate for Karaoke Rooms & Bottles
5	Last weeks show of RYAN COLE'S FUN FACTORY was AWESOME!!..Great venue, great food, great drinks & hilarious comedians!!  I'm excited for the next show on June 3rd..@ 9pm..*~.~..
5	What really blows me away about this place is that the food is amazing!  Great karaoke with modern Asian and American songs.  Everyone will be happy here
4	I went here around 2012 before they switched managements. I liked the hidden location, good dim sums, and nice karaoke booths. My waitress was super cute too. Room was kinda expensive but my sexy waitress made it worth it.Service: 5Food: 4Price: 3
