4	this is a great dive bar.  it's also a great place to play pool where the people aren't assholes if you aren't awesome.  the drinks are cheap and the people are real.  on a side note, my parent's got engaged here when it was a mexican restaurant.
4	The pool is free at EB's every night, at least until they recover the tables, then we'll see.  Monday and Thursday night are league nights, so you might not have any luck getting a table.  The drinks are cheap, the pours are good and the bartenders are reasonably surly.  Don't go if you are sensitive to cigarette smoke, the place has no ventilation and is the home of the slowest ceiling fan on earth (1 rotation per 72 hours).  Actually we don't even know if its on and turning or if the earth is rotating around it.  Come on thursday nights for 9 ball league night and root for "it tastes like burning", we'll be waiting.
5	Just to set the record straight... as of now, the pool is free every day. How could that be? The expectation is that the bar is making money because guests are drinking, and the bartenders are making money because those drinkers are tipping. If everyone comes in wanting to just play pool for free, the tables will be locked up again. So, don't spoil it for everyone! :)EB's is 21 and up. Memberships are being renewed right now. Stop in, pay your dues, pick up your new membership card, and HAVE FUN!
4	This is the very definition of a dive bar, and I love it.  It's been forever since I've played pool and this was a fantastic place to take it up again.  The drinks are pretty cheap, so it you are the kind who likes to get a buzz on while playing, go for it.  Be prepared to smell like smoke for about a week though.  I know some people don't like that kind of thing, but hey I used to live in Iowa City so I'm used to it.
4	I always go here to play pool with some friends who are MUCH better than I - yet it's not hard to find friendly people who are willing to sit out one round while you make an ass of yourself, like I. :-)There are also dart boards. Bartenders are always accomodating. Definately don't go here for clean air though.
4	What a bunch of losers, my kind of people.
5	One great bar! They always pour them strong and quick, always a plus. Great place to hang with a few friends. Come for the booze stay for the free darts and local flavor
5	Great old type "bar" bar, good folks, and good ol' Warren Stiles...23 yrs there and counting...thats a familiarity you can't pay money to get
5	Good bartenders, good people, good times.  EBs is where its at.
5	Cozy and friendly.  Pool tables, dart boards, snack machine, bar.  Everything a local needs.  First time I set foot in, it felt like home.A lot of reviews call this a dive.  The people claiming this seem to never have been in an actual dive.  They mean 'dive' in a trendy, hipster sense.  This is a local.  A neighborhood bar.  It serves PM and whatever is nearby.  The crowd tends to be very local, and upper-20's to early 40's.  They don't have the space to serve a bunch of scenesters in skinny pants, wearing dresses over jeans, and clogging up the jukebox with Death Cab for Cutie.  If this is the kind of 'dive' you're looking for, please look elsewhere.The pool tables are free; they're old pay tables with some of the mechanism removed, and are of a size and quality that reflect this.  They're good enough for me, but if you're looking for quality tables, visit Dilworth Billiards.  If, on the other hand, you want to see other people playing, EB is your spot.  (The table nearest the door has the best visibility for after-work play, the table nearest the bar tends to have the best 'view'.)The dart boards are pretty well maintained, but the tables nearby back up to the traffic line to the bathroom, so that area can get crowded on a busy night.  They've also added a smoking deck, through a door left of the bar.I tend to order beer appropriate to the situation, usually Rolling Rock, so I can't speak to the quality of the drinks.  Last time I looked, checking in on foursquare got you a free shot with your first beer, FWIW.This is my local, go-to, default thing to do.  I don't see that changing anytime soon.
5	From the outside this bar looks like an oversized shipping container. Inside though it was a very inviting atmosphere, free pool, dart boards, and games and on friday evenings has free pizza too. they don't have any beer on draft but they've got beer by the bottle and it is not outrageously expensive. One nice thing about this bar is they give adequate space for pool playing unlike some bars where the tables are too close to the walls or tables. A great neighborhood kind of place.
5	Free pool and cheap drinks make this a cool place to hang out.  But, the wheel of shots make it a rad place to party.  Spin the wheel and hope it doesn't land on something you hate, but if it does you better drink it, sissy.  I had to do a Stagger Bomb last time... Red Stag (that swill that Kid Rock hocks) & Red Bull.  I would never choose that, but the wheel had spoken. (ha SPOKE-n, get it?) Another great dive bar in the Wood.
4	Please look at the star rating before you read what I have to say, please.Yelp keeps recommending I review EBs and every time I look for the "I don't want to talk about it!" button. I have spent so much time praying at the porcelain altar at EBs that I should start tithing them 10% of my income (which I might if they weren't so cheap). The problem is that they are a great follow up to a night of just about anything. Just finish dinner? Sure, why not go play a gratis round of pool.Been drinking, i mean hanging out, at Common Market? A game of darts sounds like a fantastic idea (at least then you have an excuse when noone can end the dang game).Just a happy little PM-ite that has been living it up elsewhere in CLT and isn't ready to pack it in but wants to stick closer to home? There is a shot wheel of indecision with your name on it.Had all the DJ music you can take across the street? There is a primo jukebox.Is EBs my favorite place in Charlotte, no. But they are a dive-y pool hall and for being that I could ask no more of them.
5	I hated EB's the first time I went there.  Why?  I don't know. Maybe I was just in a bad mood that day?  Maybe it was before every person I know started frequenting it.  I can't imagine not loving it now.  The moment I step up to the bar and catch Warren's attention, he has a PBR out for me.  Love that!  I'm no pool shark, and my darts tend to go rogue, but I'm not against watching my more skillful friends play (and heckling is fun as well.)  At times I miss that you can smoke inside, but the patio has grown on me, especially for the (sometimes blurry) view of Uptown.  It's definitely a go-to place for me, where I always feel at home and always know at least a few people...and sometimes everyone!  Definitely make it a stop in your plaza-midwood bar wanderin's.
4	It's dirty, it's grimy, it's loud, there's no draft beer, but damn do I love visiting EBs from time to time. A place like this is a special part of the community and I'd wager that most neighborhoods like Plaza-Midwood have one. It puts the dive in dive bar and the bar there too. The bar staff is pretty darn alert and they have a decent selection of bottled beers and plenty of liquor too. One of my favorite little inventions is their Shot Wheel of Indecision... if you want to drink but don't know how - bam - you've got an easy answer.The jukebox here rocks and like most these days you can search and download tracks from a big central service. There's all the typical country and rock but I can still dig up some weird tangents that raise a few eyebrows from the eclectic crowd. Sorry, but I'm that guy.The pool and darts are free and generally well maintained, as is the furniture. The bathrooms are, well, they're bathrooms. After the smoking ban, the EB's team built a big patio on the side of the building for smokers and have come out winning with a great place to hang out outside with a solid view of the uptown skyline.On a bar night it can definitely get loud and rowdy. EBs is a place where the atmosphere depends on the patrons, and like most of the venues in Plaza-Midwood it's an exciting and raw place to be!
4	First off, anyone describing this as a dive bar has ipso facto never been in an actual dive bar.  Cmon folks, lets be a bit more discriminating in our choice of words.The place looks like a dive from outside.  Squat, rectangular, in a giant shopping center parking lot, no windows.  Sign on the door that it is a private club.  It looks like a sketchy place to enter.However once you get inside it is fine.  A smallish but generic bar, with a crappy internet juke box and a bar with no draft beers. However, neither in level of cleanliness nor in clientele is it a dive.  I have been there a number of times with my wife, and will be back again. Why?  The free billiard tables, of course!  That plus the cool little wood seats along the wall by the pool hall section.  We have never had trouble getting a table, and have found the clientele to be quite friendly and welcoming to newcomers to the city.
5	As a non-drinker, I love loitering at this bar.  Great for avoiding that awkward peer pressure moment.
5	We love this place...our favorite neighborhood "dive"!  Friendly folks and much nicer on the inside than the outside, so be brave and walk on in!
4	This is a great billiards bar.  It is another great touch to the Plaza Mid-wood hood.  I have been here numerous times and its always a good place to go with a few friends shoot a couple games and drink a few pints.
5	This is my Cheers. I will never love a bar as much as I do this place. There's nothing extraordinary about the place. They do have great pool tables that are free to play but I don't play pool so that's not why I'm there. I just love the bartenders, the people that are always there, the patio, the fun atmosphere. It's just great. My favorite, always.
4	Came here last night on a whim after looking through yelp for somewhere decent in Charlotte to play pool. I can't play worth a crap, but I do enjoy just hittin' the balls around the table. That said, It wasn't difficult to find somebody to kick my ass through several shameful rounds. Walked in on a Friday about 6, the place only had about 7 people there but filled up quickly by about 9 pm. Its dark and divey which i liked, and i felt like i fit in fine with my unimpressive jeans and tee shirt. There are four pool tables, two dart boards, a few electronic games you play at a table, and some other video games available to keep you entertained should you run out of conversation or verging on boredom. From a couple scans of the room throughout the evening, people that congregate here are middle 30's to later 50's. Apparently they do free pizza on Fridays, which one of the regulars brought to my attention... Talking about regulars, they do notice easily when a new person walks in ( me ) and were quick to socialize and make me feel welcome. Thank you Randi, Matt, David, Heather, and Warren. This place really does seem like Cheers when you observe how close people really are here. Thursday night pool league is starting up soon apparently, inexperienced players welcome.
5	Their beer is cold. Isn't that all that matters?
4	Pretty nifty digs. The tables were alright. I like the seating into the wall along the pool tables.
4	Pretty fun place for a low-key, chill night. They have 4 billiards, 4 dart boards, a fooz ball table and several arcade games. They usually have really good specials (like $1.50 Miller High Lifes) so it is super affordable.
