4	9 Grain Wheat or Honey Rolled Oats are breads after my heart. Instead of the humdrum white flour variety, wheat breads have a natural sweetness to them that elevates a sandwich. Right now they are running the FrebruANY promotion. Any foot long is only five dollars. It makes no difference to me because my normal Veggie Delite is the same price year long. I might not be a vegetarian, but I feel no sense of loss when ordering. The fresh selections of vegetables more than make up for the fact that I am not taking advantage of their deal. I have a sandwich stacked high with lettuce, spinach, bell peppers, tomatoes, onions, olives, pepperoncinis, and a generous amount of red wine vinegar. Adding avocado helps to balance the tartness of the vinegar with some healthy fats. With all their sandwiches, the option to get cheese is also readily available. With all this talk about Subway being a healthy option for dining, maybe I should not jump in my car and just walk across the street. Oh well, one step at a time.
4	Good Subway. They are always quick and polite and clean.
5	Short and sweet - because it's a Subway.Food - well put together sandwich, just the way I like it. They asked me if I wanted it toasted, I said yes, and it was indeed, toasted. Extra point!The Place - Clean-cut looking establishment. Chairs, tables, etc. all taken care of and clean.Bathroom - Clean.Service - Perfect. Two youngish teenager looking boys helped me. They greeted me, they made my sandwich, they said goodbye. Overall - 5 Stars. One of the better Subways I've been to in the valley.
5	I love this subway. I work next door so I eat here a lot. The workers are always nice and helpful! It's clean & comfortable and I love gettin free cookies by takin the survey on the receipt :o)
5	This Subway is the nicest, cleanest, and friendliest Subway in my neighborhood! hHe bread is always fresh. The store is bright and clean. The owner/manager always seems to be there when I am there too. This is by far, the nicest Subway in the valley.
4	So far so good!  I think I will continue to drive the extra mile and come to this one, instead of the S LV BLVD store!
5	This Subway is on the way to a friend's house we go to just about every weekend for band practice.Eh, it's Subway. They make the sandwich, you watch, it's good. The gals there are entertaining.A guy walked in behind us with a Yankees ball cap and shirt on, and one of the gals asked if he was a fan. His response, "No. I just like the colors." One of those "Here's your sign," moments. Priceless. :)
5	Had the new BBQ Pork sandwich on wheat.  I didnt toast it but I had them heat the BBQ Pork.  A little lettuce, tomatoes and extra BBQ.  This is must have sandwich.If you haven't tried it, try it tomorrow!
4	$5 footlong for daze yo.Recently opened, it's located across from vons, and right next to bachi burger. Overall the place is very clean and likewise with the food prep.The workers are all very friendly and very prompt making your food. All in all one of the better subways in vegas.Protip: they just got jalapeno bread!!! :D
5	Excellent service, even though the store was closed the owner still opened up for us. The owner was really kind to me and my family. The store is very clean, good organization. The quality of the food is 5/5, extraordinary!
5	Love this subway! They are always so friendly and fast. I have never had an issue when going here for a quick bite to eat unlike some other places.
5	Today was the best service I've had in there for a while, Josh I believe his name was, IS AMAZING. Listened. Smiled. Said hello and goodbye and had some damn good personality. Thanks for my "oil and vinegar" sandwich! It was delish!!
5	This is the best and friendliest subway ive been too. The workers always have a smile on there face and make great sandwich. Ive been there multiple times and they always succeed to satisfy.
