2	This Baja Fresh really didn't impress me.  It's pricey considering that all you're getting is meat in a tortilla.  It doesn't have that Mexican feel to it and is unoriginal.  There were bugs on the wall.  The food is good however.  Nothing special though.  Since it's a corporate chain you can't expect sizzling flavor but I was left unsatisfied.  There are better Mexican food places to go to.
3	Plenty has been said of late about the eating choices we make. It comes with little wonder. We are, after all, a very fat country. That is, so the experts contend, because we just cannot seem to get enough to eat from our cartoon-represented fast food chains. We eat the greasy burgers and fries, chicken sandwiches and the gravy-suffocated chicken bowls (Wait a minute. Does anybody really eat those?). There are better dining choices, to be sure. But I'm just not sure those smarter decisions can be made a Baja Fresh.Consider first that Baja Fresh is or was a subsidiary of the Wendy's burger chain. While Wendy's is home to one of the best fast food chicken sandwiches out there, it is not by any means the Good Earth. It should come as no surprise then that a subsidiary packs a lot of calories into their food offerings as well.Take a classic like the Bean & Cheese Burrito, for example. There are beans, cheese and a tortilla. How bad can it be? Try 980 calories worth of bad with 40 grams of fat. That doesn't even include chips. By comparison, a Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese at McDonald's would plow 730 calories into your gut. The good news, I suppose, is that you hardly need to eat the rest of the day after eating a Baja Fresh burrito. In the end, just know that a trip to Baja Fresh --- while tasty --- is as much of a trip to Wendy's, McDonald's, Jack in the Box, Carl's Junior ...
3	I say Baja Fresh is the In and Out Burger of the chain taco restaurants except you cant get your burrito double double animal style (which is really too bad).It is good, fast, and reliable, and much better than Taco Bell, it's just so fresh.  (A joke).Too bad this locale doesn't have a drive through.  In fact, I don't know if I've ever seen one with a drive though.  Do you think you're not fast food BF... come on, BS.
3	What you gonna do? It's fast food. Very basic and devoid of character.  The only saving grace here is the communal salsa bar.  Sure fine, this place is alright, not disgusting or the best ever.  Just as average as you can get.
3	we break(d) hard when i saw fish taco. i wanted to try it. taco bell doesn't have it and long john silver is not in NYC but Philly. i have to have fish taco! and i had it - it was hot like Arizona but it satisfied my curiosity and that's all that matters.
5	Driving up and down on Scottsdale Rd, I was looking for Panera but thought Baja Fresh looked intriguing.  It was early so I could find a place to park in the tiny lot they share with Starbucks.  I ordered a chicken caesar burrito and thought it was the best thing I've eaten in ages.  The wrap was filled with romaine, well-flavored chunks of flame grilled chicken, bits of avocado.  The salsa bar had several delicious options.  I might go back just to snack on tortillas and the different salsas.  I hope they open in Albuquerque New Mexico soon.
3	Like Chipotle, Baja Fresh is one of my top fast food picks. The food is quality (and about as "healthy" as fast food can get). This location, however, has a lot going against it. The place is in a very high traffic part of Scottsdale. It's in a very small spot that shares a tiny shopping center with a Starbucks. There's virtually no parking, so if you go during a busy time, you're probably going to have to drive out and around, then park down the street. Also there is very little room for the lunch rush line, so everyone gets very uncomfortably close trying to stay inside so they're in the air conditioning. There's also no real place to wait for food, so if all the tables are taken you end up standing in a lot of people's way. If you're going to pick up food from here you should order ahead, or go during the off hours.
3	They gave me lemons for my fish tacos because they were out of limes. Other than that it was a decent Baja Fresh.
4	The whole idea behind Baja Fresh is that their food is made without microwaves, nothing frozen, it's supposed to be fresh food. Can you still put too much oil into something fresh? Of course. That being said, I do think they deliver on this promise. However, it doesn't mean that you can order anything you want and it will be "healthy" or "low-cal". You still have to be a consciencious consumer. So be smart and skip the chips, cheese, sour cream and you can have your lo-cal stuff. I'm going off on a tangent here so let me reel it back in.......our experience here this week was a little slow. We waited for our food for a little longer than necessary. Turns out there was only one cook. However, when the food did arrive the manager made it up to us with drinks (we were just drinking water) and an extra item that we had ordeded. It was a nice touch and the food itself was great. I had the grilled mahi mahi tacos and my man had the shrimp diablo burrito. We love the salsa bar and of course had to get samples of every one. We'll be back.
1	Printed up a Groupon now certificate... Went down there the place was out of business! LAME!!!!!
