5	Picky about hair! Just one of those men who has a simple request, MAKE IT LOOK GOOD and DO IT RIGHT. Having returned three times to see Ronit Roth, a skincare professional that does a fantastic job with my hair, it is so nice to get compliments from complete strangers from the day it is styled right through until my next appointment. As a healthcare professional, her recommendations for my skin care continue right on the mark. Both  locations are fresh and refreshing with pleasant and  helpful staff. It is nice to experience the "how can i help you" attitude!Additionally my wife has naturally wiry hair and Ronit's ability to tame the mane is simply amazing. Teresa requests razor cuts, more specifically she asked Ronit for a cut that would allow her to let her hair grow. After many disappointing experiences leading to shorter and shorter styles she has been able to let her hair get longer without becoming unmanageable.
5	My stylist Carolyn is awesome!! She color corrected me and I've been hooked ever since. Salon is beautiful and Carolyn is an amazing stylist/person. She's amazing at blondes/fun colors like pink,lavender,red.. And she is great at cuts too.. Never ever taking too much off. I'll follow her anywhere!!!
5	I moved to Vegas .. And was looking for a new place to get my hair done . I found this place on yelp.. Made a appointment - everyone was very friendly .. I love - love my extensions  an amazing job done by Anna. Great job and very professional .. Thanks you Anna :)
5	I had my hair cut here today and it was a pleasant experience. Bomb hair 2 is tucked in the corner of the giant Wal-Mart shopping center, next door to Pier 1 Imports. The staff was all very friendly and offered me refreshments more than once. The black and pink theme and chandeliers were all very cute. There was a lot of staff, and it seemed a little cramped as far as the amount of chairs fit into the space. Not a bad thing though as the salon was very busy which is a good sign. Marcie took her time with my hair and spent about an hour on it making sure the cut was perfect. I would definitely go back and see Marcie at this cute little salon.
