4	Try some Crystal Head Vodka at the new video poker bar!
1	WOW.  This was one profoundly depressing place.  I can't really imagine why anyone would willingly come here.  The clientele was depressing, and composed of people who look like they spend the majority of their awake time sitting at a slot machine.  The second hand smoke was abysmal.  They only had a few tables and they weren't even open when we were there.I felt like I needed a mega-dose of Prozac or something after I left.
4	I enjoy Club Fortune Casino.  This is a great place for table games.  It's not a glitzy/glamorous place, but that's part of its charm.  The newly remodeled showroom has great bands playing on the weekends and I am a huge fan of 80's metal.  Hair Nation is a great local band that plays every Saturday night and are great entertainment.  The drinks are cheap and the machines pay out pretty good.  If you're looking for a night out that doesn't break the bank...this is your place.  80's metal RULES!!! :D
3	In 2008 I met a friend at Club Fortune Casino and I've been going there off and on ever since.  It's small and intimate as opposed to the larger local casinos like Stations.  I'm not a big time gambler, but once in awhile I prefer some mindless entertainment.  I want to find a machine, get served a cocktail and enjoy a cigar.  Speaking of cocktails, their service can be less than stellar.  I've literally put money in a slot machine and gone completely through it before a server ever showed up.  They have a very plain restaurant inside and most of the meals my girlfriend and I have had were quite good.  Once, however, I was served a dinner that was literally inedible.  The waitress never even asked if everything was okay, nor did the cashier.  After discussing the situation with management, they comped our next meal.  Periodically I'll get some free play, which is nice.  I'd rate them higher, but lately I've grown quite frusted at the poor cocktail service and have chosen to go somewhere else.  Overall, though, most of my times spent at Club Fortune have been fun.
3	Small and Smoky But kind of friendly.bartender remembered my drink after first time, and I didnt even have to ask.  Poker machine was friendly.Miller High Life only 1.50 On a saturday night!
5	I went out last night with friends & family to this place. YES, I was surprised how small it was... & the crowd there was definitely older. but things like that don't bother me. I think this place for WHAT IT IS it's Nice. I've seen a hell of a lot worse. I signed up for the player's card. I received $10 free slot play & then I joined their App on my android phone & got yet another $10. I spent the free slot play & I was starving. I didn't want to try the deli so I went to their restaurant. They have an all you can eat salad bar. I recommend the Chicken Parmesan. I loved it. Both managers were really nice.
3	This is a nice local casino in southeast Henderson. They have a quaint little deli that gets the job done. I personally like the Chicken Rice soup, they have nice food specials, there poker room is small but nice they have tournaments 2 4 limit holdem cash games and sometimes they get 1 2 no limit game going. The  staff is nice and attentive for the most part.
4	I love this little gem. I win here more than other places, probably because there are less machines. they have a full-service bar, a luncheonette counter, of course video poker and keno, and even a few tables. They even have a teensy tinsy sports book lol. Perfect for locals or if you're from out of town and going to the dam, its close off the 95.
4	My husband & I like to eat in Emilys cafe. They have excellent salad dressings on thier salad bar, its a small salad bar but nice choices. We love the cheese burger combo, really good burgers, sometimes the ribs are inconsistant. We generally come when we have a buy on get one dinner coupon so we go to club fortune at least once a month. It's a small local casino, good service but you have to ask for a beverage refill, no servers refill them automatically. But the servers are friendly & take plates away, get you whatever you want if asked for.
5	Love this place - Great Local Casino!!
1	they need more air circulation in the casino my clothes smell of smoke and also my hair. the cocktail waitress jena is not very friendly said I drink to fast.sorry then I wont come in there any more also I only have 3 drinks within 3 hours aksi I tip all the time
3	Floor staff are helpful, one even brought me a chair and set me up on the buffalo machine I like. Food is terrible, and the only reason we went is because we had a coupon. Burgers werent even real meat, buns were stale, frys cold and soggy, soda flat, they missed the mark on the food department. One table game in the whole joint!?
2	A true "locals" casino. With the typical accompaniments that one may expect.I recently returned after a long absence to redeem a $5 free play coupon.  And I was going to be in the area. It's not a casino I usually seek out. I was pleased to see a paycheck promotion sign at the Player's Club, which offers 5% in free play when cashing your check. The gift shop is pretty decent, they have quite a bit of logo apparel. The Player's Club moved from the gift shop. Drinks are cheap and the bars are not shabby.
1	At bar by poker room and bar person leaves for a meeting at 2 pm for 24 minutes no drinks we served in entire casino due to meeting.  I ask two people one in a suit and tie for drink but no help. Bad planning shutting down all bars for 24 minutes for a meeting.
1	Seats filled during football season with non playing or penny playing customers.  No seats for gamblers.  Cafe food is hit and miss. 13.00 for dried out salmon.  Quesadillas 4.00 are very bad.  Side salads are good.  Lots of cigarette smoke odor.  Clean restrooms.  Cons can play all day and drink free for 5.00 or less on penny machines.
4	It is what you think it is. Craps game is nice though, friendly dealers. One or two need to brush up on how to properly payout bets though....you know who you are.
5	Great atmosphere, local friendly best free play offers. Good food in the cafe, friendly staff, comfortable feel. I always enjoying playing here.
4	Gary and Brittany made our shots just like we like them. Thank you for making it fun to hang out. You both are friendly and give us a reason to keep coming back for shots and fun!
