5	Yay!  A great donut shop just up the street from me!  Uh oh, this may be bad for my waistline!Coco Donuts is a cute little donut shop just off of W. Cheyenne.  I happened to notice it on my way to the grocery store and I just had to investigate the place.  I am so happy I did because Coco Donuts is a great donut shop!  Let me tell you why:1. The customer service is AMAZING!  I walked in and was greeted with a gigantic smile and a very happy and genuine, "How are you?"  This is the way to get my attention and my business for sure.  The lady working the counter was so cheerful and a pleasure to deal with.  There were so many sweet options, I was a little overwhelmed.  She was offering advice and totally selling me on some of her fantastic donuts.  I love this store just for her now!  It seems so rare to get awesome customer service these days that when I do get it, I am shocked/pleased/mind-blown all rolled up into one.  Yay for happy people and good customer service!  Coco's definitely gets a bonus star for customer service!2. The store's selection!  This shop is all about the classic donuts you have always known and loved.  Yes, every now and then I want a crazy donut with ridiculous toppings, but usually I just want a really good glazed donut or a chocolate covered twist.  Yummm.  This shop is filled with the oldies but goodies like glazed, maple, coconut, cinnamon crumb, blueberry, sugar, and of course chocolate covered.  This is just the tip of the iceberg of their selection.  They had at least 20 varieties when I was there and that was at the end of the day!  I can't wait to check it out earlier in the day to see even more varieties.  And for your croissant lovers, they have them too!3.  The the donuts!  First off, they are huge!  The circle donuts were easily the size of a CD and at least 1.5 in thick.  The bar style are at least 6in long and the same height.  Seriously big donuts.  The donuts are light and airy, but with substance behind it.  They hold up to the toppings, but then almost melt in your mouth when you bite into them.  I had a maple bar and it was delish.  I stole a bite of my hubby's chocolate covered twist and it was delightful.  I also snuck a bite of my daughter's sprinkle donut and it was like a party in my mouth. (You would think I would be 700lbs always stealing bites of their food, but that is a topic for another day!)  These are really great tasting donuts.  Woohoo for tasty treats!4. The prices!  1 donut starts at $.95, 1/2 dozen starts at $5.50 and a dozen starts at $9.50.  As for the crossaints, they were $1.50-$2.95.  Pretty decent prices for really good quality donuts and croissants.  They also have coffees, teas, hot chocolate, and other drinks starting at $1.50, so you can get a fun, sugary snack for super cheap!5. They have cronuts! I Cronuts are all the rage right now and usually hard to find, but not at Coco Donuts!  They have several varieties from plain, chocolate covered, cream filled, just to name a few.  I had a glazed one and found it quite tasty.  I am not a cronut-a-holic like many people, but I do think that Coco has had the best that I have tried to date.  So the donuts are yummy, the staff is friendly, and the prices are reasonable.  This shop is a home run in my book!
5	I love doughnuts....and doughnuts love me.  So for me to succumb to such temptations...IT BETTER BE A DAMN GOOD ONE!!   Coco's is good....really good.  Great selection and fresh.   I am glad Coco's did not open up in my neighborhood.....it would be brutal on me.....
5	Delicious.  It's like having a Ronald's donut's in this side of the city.
5	What a great addition to the north west.  We have Dunkin Donuts off Chalreston but it feels mass produced.Stopped by to satisfy a sweet tooth craving and this was awesome. The donuts were light and fluffy and the lemon had just the right amount of tang.Was unimpressed with the cronut but with all the hype my expectations may have been too high.
5	Had a craving for a donut, decided to stop by CoCo Donuts...so glad I did!!!!! You are greeted by a heavenly aroma when u walk in, the lady behind the counter was so helpful!!! I ordered a half dozen and she threw in some donut holes to try. Awesome customer service!! Will definitely be back!!
5	Really yummy donuts and cronuts. Love how buttery and flaky the cronuts are while still tasting very much like a donut. Great customer service and selection. They threw in some donut holes as well which were as delicious as everything else. Definitely will go again.
5	Got a cronut craving? If so, come to Coco's. I was directed here by Amanda M. and if she says it's good, then I know it will be. This new donut place is not too far from my house, so this past Saturday morning, I made the ten minute drive to check out the sugar. The parking lot was deserted when I got there, but the Open sign was on, so I didn't start crying immediately.  I walked into a pristine donut shop, with the cases so shiny, bright, and full of sugary goodness--I don't think I've ever been to a donut shop this clean.  And, lo and behold, one case FULL of cronuts, and no one else was around?  Jackpot!  There was only one cinnamon sugar cronut in the case, so I chose that, as well as a glazed one and one with white frosting, which upon closer inspection at home, had filling.  I'm not a fan of donuts with filling, but that's just me.  There were some pumpkin donuts that I'd like to go back and try, but I felt I needed to exert some self-control on this first visit. Of course, everything else looked amazing, too. I drove home with the smell of the cronuts filling the car and enjoyed that cinnamon sugar delight as soon as I got into the kitchen--delicious!  The b/f started off "just tasting" the glazed one, but ended up killing it, too.  Blessing or curse that Coco Donuts is just down the road?  Only time will tell, but in the meantime, go check it out yourselves for some delicious donuts before word gets out and there's a line for their sugary gems.  There's always room for donuts.
5	Super soft donuts. The person who helped us even gave us an extra donut to try. Got to love great customer service.Next time we are going to get a cronut.
3	Coco Donuts is locally owned and opened recently. After seeing the pictures on yelp, I just had to try one of their cronuts! Walking in there was a nice sweet smell in the air and the inside was clean and colorful. I saw there were cronuts left and asked the woman behind the counter to go over the flavors with me, which she did and explained the prices. Hubby and I chose to get a 1/2 dozen donuts and a cronut to try.I chose the "Raspberry Cronut" priced at $3 and wasn't crazy about it. The icing was just too overly sweet and the raspberry filling reminded me of Welch's jelly. I could only eat a couple of bites because it was just too sweet. The cronut was also tough and not flaky like I'd imagined. If this is what Dominique Ansel's taste like, I'm not missing out. Next time I will try one without icing and see how it is.-Raspberry Filled.... Same Welch's style jelly and the glaze was just too sweet. -Apple Filled... This one was good. There was a good amount of tasty apples in the center and the donut was very soft.-Sugar Twist... Very soft and good, but nothing spectacular. -Cinnamon Roll... Soft, a bit too sweet and again, nothing spectacular.-Chocolate Long John... This was very soft and delicious. It was also a decent size. -Chocolate Iced Bavarian Cream... The bavarian cream had no flavor, but the rest of the donut was good.The donuts here are very, very soft. They are also a good size for the price, but this is just an average donut shop to me. Nothing really stood out and even though I love sweets, too many of the donuts here were just too sweet for me. The woman behind the counter was nice enough to give is 4 donut holes to try and again, they were melt in your mouth soft, but the glazed were just too sweet while the cinnamon sugar believe it or not was perfect. They have a punch card so if you are here buying donuts by the dozen the card will benefit you. The regular donuts are currently 95 cents each and the coffee prices $1.75 - $2.50 so I plan on stopping back by and trying out the coffee with a different cronut or donut to see what it's like.Half Dozen $5.50 - $5.75One Dozen $9.50 - $9.95Specialty and Fancy donuts range from $1 - $3.50 each.Monday - Friday: 5 am - 6:30 pm or sell out Saturday - Sunday: 5 am - 3 pm or sell out
1	I thought Pink Box Doughnuts (I do like the fat elvis at pink box) was rated too high but this place takes the cake... errr donut. Picked out a half dozen donuts and cronut. My wife cut the cronut in half for us to split and it was damn sweet. Eating one of the iced cronuts from here will send you straight to the dentist. The apple filled donut was pretty good and the sugar twist was too. The rest of the donuts were just way to sugary and sweet. They reminded me of donuts from Winchell's except these were worse. The lady behind the counter was nice and inside was clean but I can't see coming back. Not one of the donuts were finished that we got and that is a rarity in my house with the garbage I eat.
3	I don't understand all of the hype about the cronuts. They're okay, at best. Beyond that, this place is pretty decent. The pumpkin donut was good, but the flavor is very, very subtle. That works for me, but a real pumpkin fan might not dig it. The blueberry donuts are amazing, though. The staff was nice, but I didn't get any of that super-over-the-top friendliness that I've been reading about on here...or a free donut. This place is solid, but not amazing. My main gripe is that they only accept cards if your order is over $8. Obviously, $8 isn't all that much, but it pretty much means that you have to buy a dozen to use your card. And I'm sorry, but I'm almost never in the market for 12 donuts. I guess you could buy 3 cronuts, but again, those aren't really worth it, in my opinion. It's no big deal, but it's 2013 and people just don't carry cash on them anymore, especially not when getting a quick breakfast on the way to work. I don't know, guys, I'm definitely not blown away by this place, but I'll probably be stopping back by for a blueberry sometime...if I have some extra cash hiding in my wallet, that is.
4	I love local donut shops. Having heard of these new and ever so popular baked goods and seeing our cousin post something on social media and decided that we had to give this new trend a try. Donuts are airy and you can eat, well, a lot of them... In my case one after another if I have a glass of milk to wash them down with! But a cronut is so dense that I can only have one at a time. The hubs had a glazed and I had a vanilla. The glazed had a pudding fill in the center and the vanilla had some fruit jelly. I like the glazed much better than the one I had. Do I get the craze? Sure. Am I crazy for them? Eh. They're ok. I'd like to try more of Coco's Donuts. I've tried the cronut, just waiting for the new trend to show itself but next trip will be strictly about donuts.
5	Fresh soft and fluffy donuts ($1), tried the cinnamon roll and the twist. Really recommend plain (no filling) cronuts.  ($3), cross between donut and croissant, incredible texture, worth the $.If you don't live in neighborhood, bring your dry cleaning as it is a few doors down from a really good dry cleaner. Gives you a good excuse to come back for donuts when your dry cleaning is done.
4	I visited this newly opened donut place last month and it did not disappoint. I needed to treat myself to something sugar-y... And Coco Donuts was just the right place to go to.. Normally I just grab donuts for my kids but I couldn't resist picking out 1 (okay 2) for myself. I got a half dozen box with the usual chocolate frosted ones and 2 of their apple crumb donuts! The apple ones were for me! And they were delish! :) Will definitely go back soon! The chocolate ones were liked by my kids but their fave will always be Krispy Kreme hence the 4 stars and not 5.
5	Items selected:Strawberry Old FashionedButtermilk BarGlazed, Cinnamon Sugar, Powdered Sugar HoleApple FritterRaised with SprinklesGlazed CronutMaple Glazed CronutBlueberry CakeA new spot in the bourgeoning Las Vegas doughnut scene I originally took notice of Coco Donuts on my interview trip a month prior but with the shop not yet open I followed their development closely, happily seeing them not only open their doors a few days prior to my house-hunting trip but also receiving good word of mouth for an old-school menu gussied up with the fashionable cronut.  Featuring friendly service and owners more than happy to discuss their craft plus a pre-order system that guarantees one can arrive to truly fresh doughnuts it was just after 7:00am on a Friday when I entered the store and having used the aforementioned system my order was ready to go along with a complimentary yeasted donut with sprinkles and three donut holes piping hot from the fryer.  Using oldworld recipes for their cake donuts my first tastes were the buttermilk bar and the Strawberry old fashioned and with both featuring a dense crumb and glaze that is surprisingly subtle I was excited to next see what the fritter had to offer - a great exterior crunch and supple center, though somewhat sparse in apples.  With the raised donut very traditional with light yeasty notes and the blueberry far more naturally flavored than most as I proceeded to the finale I will simply say that although these ladies may not have invented the cronut they have perfected it with crispy layers shattering to the tooth and a light, airy interior far superior to those at Dominique Ansel without the two hour wait, at 3/5 the price, and in no less than 18 varieties if you order in advance.
5	I really do like this shopping center. It's got my favorite tailor and dry cleaner, it's got my favorite Korean sushi house, and it has a Roberto's that makes Al-Pastor fries. The shopping center just got better with the addition of Coco Donuts. Coco is one of those more quality-type donut places, like Ronald's Donuts in Spring Mountain. This is a Korean owned donut store, so I hope the local Koreans can support this place as well. As we all know, a lot of Korean-yelpers for whatever reason give out 1-star reviews to most fellow Korean places, but give 5-stars out to those weirdo Euro places that have macaroons, beignets, eclairs, and something called a Jesuite.I picked up a dozen donuts for my cohort at school on our final exam day. Everyone loved it, and actually thought I had gotten them from Ronald's Donuts. I guess they do taste really similar.  What the heck is a cronut?
4	Here and Pink Box. They are the Vegas doughnut standard as far as I know. Both are fresh, delicious, and highly addictive.I'm pretty sure I've had everything at Coco at least once. My favorites being their old fashioned chocolate cake (there is a little crispy crunch on the outside which I love), as well as pretty much any of their specialties. Everything is very reasonably priced, as doughnuts should always be. They're usually very generous and throw in a whole bunch of extras just to fill up your box. I really like that their fillings are not overly sweet (like strawberry and lemon). Frosting isn't overdone, either. Huge plus. Probably one of the biggest knocks on the highly commercialized Krispy Kreme.Quality doughnuts for an extremely cheap price. You just can't go wrong.
4	I've been hearing about this doughnut place from several people. It's close to my office but farther than Pink Box. For some reason and in my opinion, if PB had a baby with Ronald's, Coco's would've been it...this is a good thing. The quality and flavor of doughnuts is similar to that of Ronald's...with fancy location, packaging and they take debit/credit cards as PB.I may have went overboard with the doughnuts. I bought one of each flavor they had. 3 boxes and $47 later...I didn't know what to do with all the doughnuts I just bought. I ate 3...33 more to go! So, I called my friends and we had a doughnut/cronut party...I'll never let my friends go hungry! We attacked the 6 cronuts: glazed, glazed with cream, chocolate, maple, cinnamon sugar and powdered sugar. We had a system down - from the most basic to the most complicated. That system was magic! Their doughnuts are fluffy and soft. The cake, buttermilk, fritter and old-fashioned were good. This blueberry doughnut had real blueberries and tastes somewhat like bubblegum. Yum! Cronut-wise, I liked the glazed and the cinnamon sugar the most. Surprisingly, I didn't like their chocolate glazed doughnut and that's my favorite. Not enough chocolate glaze.The nice thing about Coco's is that they have cronuts early in the morning. PB serves theirs at 9am and it doesn't always work for everyone. However, a friend told me that he went a few hours after I did and there were no cronuts available because some lady bought 3 boxes of them. It's also not crazy-busy and cramped at Coco's. And they have stamp cards! I suggested that to PB a long time ago but oh well...
4	Solid, inexpensive donut shop!Came here to try their version of the Cronut!  They are very fluffy and flaky here....with a tasty frosting on top vs a creme filling in the insides like Lulu's (my favorite version so far).  I think all their cronuts were about $3ea, and I think I tried all 5-6 varieties they had that day....yes, fatty status!  They were good overall.As for the regular donuts, they were all priced very cheap and pretty tasty!  They have a great Bear Claw / Apple Fritter here too...one of my favorite choices, so keep it in mind when you stop in for your visit!I can't say I would trek all the way across town for it, but if you are in the area, I would give it a shot!
5	I love this donut place! Everyone is so friendly and the prices are not unreasonable. Every time I go, they always include a few extra free donut holes too! And the donuts are fluffy and delicious.
4	One of the first things you will notice is how friendly the owner is. In many establishments in Vegas, the owners/workers act like they could care less whether or not you return, and that was not the case here. On my first visit, I tried the blueberry glazed, cinnamon roll, and apple fritter. All three were very fresh and this is definitely a place you should visit if you are seeking a high quality product. The blueberry glazed had a nice flavor, but not too sweet. This would be a good choice if you want something sweet, but not overpowering. Next, the cinnamon roll was amazing! It was a nice portion size and just the right amount of glaze and cinnamon. Last but not least, the apple fritter was by far my favorite. The apples had a nice texture and the spice flavor was consistent throughout. On the next visit, I had the dough'sant, which is their version of the cronut. I later decided to share my gluttony and bought 2 dozen to take to work and several people had 2 and wanted more. This is layer after layer of flaky goodness! As much as I enjoy the dough'sant, I think I will reserve that one for pre/post marathon fuel because it is a bit rich for me.
3	I wasn't as impressed as everyone else...maybe because I went later in the day?? I will try them out again earlier in the day though, and update. So we got a Sugar, Cinnamon Crunch, Apple filled Cinnamon Crunch, Chocolate dipped Buttermilk bar, French Cruller, and Cream filled Cronut. The woman at the counter was friendly. Prices on par with most good donut joints.She threw in a few Glazed donut holes!The sugar donut was the best of what I got, soft and yummy. The Buttermilk bar was gross. Not too many places know how to make a good light and airy French Cruller...they are the closest to what I look for, not too shabby. The rest of the donuts were just average. I've had better Cronuts  elsewhere as well.I would stop by PinkBox before I came here again, since they are so close in proximity. But I will give it another try at some point.
4	Sooo fresh and yummy. A little on the expensive side for the price of one donut ($1). I'm used to them being 50 cents each at certain places but its the closest to me so I put up with it.
5	Feeling the need to sample more than one donut shop while in Vegas I went to Coco Donuts after  getting a dozen at Pinkbox.Evening it out with "only" a half dozen here, the selection while not as vast, still delicious. Custard filled cronut, clearly the star of the show here,  perfect in every way, from the crunch, to the custard to the glaze, amazing!Apple cinnamon, blueberry glazed, creme filled, crumb cake and a fabulous buttermilk bar also did not dissapoint!The owner is super nice and threw in some donut holes, cute, clean shop, worth a stop, it is about 15 minutes east of the strip.Seems like Vegas has some outstanding donut options, more trips planned soon!
4	I like patronizing the smaller family owned establishments rather than the bigger names like Krispy Kreme and Dunkin Donuts.  I'm not big on donuts, however, stop into Coco Donuts for their croissants. They're a generous size and best in the morning when fresh.  Fast and friendly service.  Thanks!
4	Tried the Blueberry glazed, went in the evening just to try so not much left but still best so far in Vegas. I can't wait to try them fresh in the morning and the fancy ones. The lady at the counter was very friendly and threw in some donut holes to try in the bag, nice surprise.
5	Going coo coo for Coco's!Coco's ranks as one of my favorite donut shop stops out here in Las Vegas.  Here's why...-Service is always friendly. I also love how they hook up a few donut holes with your purchase. -Coco's is new and clean-There's rarely a line-They always have what I want, always in stock-My opinion, they have the best dough-sants (ie cronuts) here.-Always fresh, a bit crunchy on the outside, and soft on the inside. -CheapMy Favorites:-Maple Bar-Cinnamon Dough-Sants. -Good old fashion glazed-Their giant chocolate donutI would have to thank the Donut Courier (ie the Donut Whisperer, the Cronut Lover, the GF) for introducing me to Coco's. My coach, however, would think otherwise.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (052/366)
1	Very disappointed!!! Went there at 1030 am on a SATURDay and they sold the last twelve in front of me! What donut shop runs out on a Saturday? Will not be back.
4	I tried the cinnamon cronut and it was absolutely delicious. All of the pastries appear extremely fresh and delicious. There is nothing fancy about the appearance of the shop but the donuts/cronuts are some of the best in town. I was a little disappointed with the service. I arrived close to close, and I was quickly rushed out after purchasing my items.
1	Had high hopes for this place after reading the reviews on Yelp. Walked in on a Friday morning at 8am...one person in front of me getting helped. Only one person at the counter and she was sloooooooooooooooooooooooooooowww as molasses...really was craving a donut but the setup was not that attractive and/or appealing, donut case was dark and interior was kinda shabby.  Sorry, I will go to PinkBox.
3	Very good prices, and staff is friendly, donuts are good but not amazing. I still think Krispy Kreme's fresh glazed donuts are better.
3	Mmmmm Donuts or is it Mmmm Cronuts?? What we have here is a locally owned Donut shop that has a few twists. Cronuts seem to be the speciality here at Coco. With a thicker and dense donut experience that isn't your average donut experience. I'd be lying if I had said I've hadn't had something very similar before but Cronuts just seem so familiar to something else. And I can't put my finger on it.Service here was great, the gentleman explaining he was from Chicago and had been out here for a while. The establishment was clean from top to bottom. With the positioning of the building they have had to throw up a heavy tint so please don't think they are close, in which I have made this mistake before.Overall presentation and service is of a high standard but it just doesn't compare to Pinkbox. Maybe I'm a little piggy knowing that if I'm going to eat something bad I like to go all the way. Coco isn't a bad donut place and if your not into the heavier pork pig donuts that I'm into I'd gladly recommend Coco
4	So I have only tried cronuts from the Four Seasons and now Coco Donuts. Coco donuts does a much better job. I ordered the cinnamon sugar cronut, maple donut, and white frosting cake donut with sprinkles. The cronut is far superior to their regular donuts. When I got home I microwaved the cronut for 10 secs. I think it needs to be warmed to get the full effect. It was perfectly flakey, not too buttery, and had just the right amount of cinnamon sugar. My mouth is watering right now talking about it.Even though Coco Donuts is across town, I will be back to satisfy my cronut craving.
1	They give me yesterday cronuts. To confirm, I had my mom try it, who used to work at a donut shop. She Said the same thing that it was made yesterday, days old. She said that they should have thrown away the old donuts. She said it could have been good if it was fresh or made this morning. I drove 25 minutes to get to this place early in the morning, at least make fresh cronuts. And it was $3 each, it was not worth it.
1	Don't know if it was because I came later in the day, but I bought three cronuts and they basically fell apart when I bit into any of then. They fell apart because they were super hard and crunchy! The Bavarian cream filling had the consistency of a soft jello, um what??
3	Place was clean and simple. It was a nice looking donut shop, however, the donuts do not seem fresh.. The place didn't smell like fresh donuts were baking and the half dozen of cake donuts I got doesn't seem fresh. They don't have a lot of specialty donuts either, but a bunch of cake donuts which I loved.It was alright. Alright for 5.50 for the half dozen I bought. The service was nice, the place was decent, and the donuts were alright.
5	My husband ordered 4 dozen donuts for his coworkers. We put in an online order. Tom called us and got everything all set up for us so it was a smooth transaction. Very helpful. The donuts were amazing, so fresh and buttery. The cronuts ( doughsants) is what they call them were out of this world especially the chocolate. This place is bomb and so good. Love that we live so close!
5	I have finally found a donut shop that reminds me of the donuts in Southern California! They have simple donuts that taste fresh. I love the apple fritter- not too sweet and has a great outer crunch with a soft inside. They always throw in a few donut holes for the kids. Be aware that there is a $5 minimum if you are using a debit/credit card.
5	Had to get my cronut (they call them doughsants just fyi) fix before heading over to Chiya.  I went with a mini sugar coated doughsant as well as a regular raspberry filled donut. Deegan decided on a chocolate sprinkles and pink sprinkles. She also threw in some donut holes which I thought was super nice. Deegan gets a kick out of how small they are, he says "look mom these are my size." The mini size doughsant was actually perfect for me. I wasn't extremely full,  but very satisfied. I love it coated in sugar as well. (The more sugar the better)  I will be back for more if I get up early enough that is.
5	AMAZING.  Went here because Pink Box never has cronuts or it's too crowded and their variety seems to be lacking lately.  So after searching on Yelp decided to give CoCo a try and am I glad that we did.We tried 2 Glazed Cronuts (Doughs'ants), 1 Powdered Sugar Doughs'ant, 1 Glaze Twist, 1 Chocolate Glazed and 1 Cake Doughnut.  All were extremely fresh and The Cake Doughnut was AMAZING.  It may be the best I've ever had.The shop was very clean and quaint although it didn't smell like doughnuts were baking in the back (I love the smell of bakery shops).  I love the fact that the dougs'ants come in a smaller size because I do not always like to have a big one.  A ton of variety and I will definitely be back soon!
4	We went there the other morning for some donuts. The Asian lady behind the counter was very nice and patient. We went ahead and got a dozen, various types although we did get a few maple bars. Very yummy and fresh. We had these for a few days an were still still tasting fresh in the box. Only downside was there was very little place to eat. Other than that, I would definitely recommend it to anyone.
5	The donuts were nice and fluffy!! The perfect amount of sweetness to it and a very big variety for a shop that's small. The older lady has great customer service and was very friendly, she gave my girlfriend and I free donuts holes with our purchases of donuts. Whenever we crave donuts we always go to coco's because of how welcomed we feel.
1	First visit, meh!  Nothing special except the prices.  $1.00 each for small regular donuts.  $1.75 for small "cronuts, $3.00, yes $3.00 each for slightly larger ones.  Very expensive in my mind for a run of the mill donut.  Shop is small and extremely hot inside, and this was a cool day.  Dunkin Donuts is looking better all the time.  Grocery store donuts better also.
