1	This Subway and the company really suck.  Don't show up with a coupon expecting them to honor it. Do expect the owner to tell you to get the F*** out if you insist that they honor the stupid piece of paper that promises you 2 for one on ANY 6" sub because his employees will argue with you and tell you that the sub you ordered is the only fine print exception to the 'ANY sub' offered in the coupon...and that is because you are expected to read 11 panels of menus wherein one gives you the clue that tells you discreetly the 'premium' sub YOU had prepared is the one sub that you can't get the deal on.  They don't tell you didley when you're telling them that you are going to use the coupon as they make it.  What a crock if CRAP that the owner and his employees serve up at this joint.
1	I never want to come back here again. Long story short, they made my sandwich right in front of me and when my boyfriend and I took our food home, his sandwich was correct but mine belonged to the man who was before me. I called to make a complaint because it wasn't mine and we had to drive a good distance away and were finally home, only to realize it wasn't my food. The girl was unapologetic, telling me to just bring the food back with my receipt and they would fix it and that was it. No sorry, no anything. We drove back to return the sandwich and they took a long time trying to find my order on their screen but I heard them mentioning the mans order before mine, and my boyfriends order after mine. They then asked me what kind of sandwich was in the bag, I told them i didn't know and they opened up and examined it, only to say "Oh it was that man's earlier." They were again, unapologetic and I told them I just wanted my money back and they both went to their break area or side area to call the manager and handed me the phone. The manager was nice, he said I could get a refund and a 6in. of what I ordered and I got it, but the customer service as far as the two workers that were there was shit and I don't want to ever go to this Subway again. Very careless. The manager even told me they have four markers in the store to mark what kind of sandwich is what and it shouldn't have happened. Regardless, it was a very irritating experience.
5	Was last here on Sat/14 Sep and Sun/15 Sep to pick-up $5 footlongs (meatball marinara) for dinner.- I've always been satisfied with the service and the food here.- Shop is always clean.- Even during the occasional lunches I go there, if there is a line it moves at a brisk pace since the employees are fast.- Since it's next door to Smith's Supermarket I can do my grocery shopping (but then I'm too lazy to cook) and then walk over to Subway to get a sub.
1	STEER CLEAR OF THIS LOCATION!!!The slowest phucking Subway restaurant I've ever been to EVER. It took approximately 17 minutes for them to make a regular foot long BLT sandwich with 4 people working with 3 people in front of me. The workers seem like they have no clue what they're doing (charged the person in front of me 6 drinks when he only bought 3) & it seemed like this was their first job they've ever had--- being that they looked like they barely passed the legal age of 15 1/2 to work. They need to get their act together with this place. Other than that, I'm FORSURE never going back to this location
4	This Subway I went to recently wasn't bad. I ordered a footlong Black Forest Ham with sides and got my order correct. The service was alright, long line though, but they need to hire more employees. When I ate the sandwich, it was very delicious and was very happy. Would definitely come back to try other subs.
