5	Simply Sweets are the best cupcakes and desserts in Phoenix. I have now used them for more than 15 events including kids parties, adult parties, graduations, and the entire dessert spread for my wedding. I can't say enough good things about the quality and presentation of these desserts! They are FABULOUS! I won't go anywhere else now. LOVE LOVE LOVE SIMPLY SWEETS!
5	Every time, every order exceeds my expectations! Simply Sweets has done my baby showers, graduations and birthday parties for years now and I will never use anyone else! Not only does Simply Sweets come up with perfect, meaningful designs but the taste is out of this world! I am always getting comments and compliments from guests at my parties! They love seeing their creations as they are always the CENTERPIECE of my parties!
5	Simply Sweets as come through for me more than once with a custom designed cake for very special occasions. Each time the design was perfect, the taste was out of this world, and my guests were wowed! I'll use Simply Sweets again and again because I know I can count on getting the best!
5	I am so very picky when it comes to cakes. The cake is always what I look forward to for Birthdays, Weddings, Holidays- actually any day I can find an excuse to get a cake for, I will. When I discovered Simply Sweets I knew I finally discovered a bakery that the cakes not only look amazing, but they taste every bit as good as they look. The cakes are moist and melt in your mouth. I have ordered several cakes from Simply Sweets and have always had a great experience. I now know to keep Simply Sweets business cards on hand, because everyone at the party wants the name of this amazing bakery, because they too have never tasted or seen anything so wonderful! The designs are amazing. For my daughter's birthday she wanted a tie dye peace sign cake- you should've seen her face when she saw her cake. It was absolutely amazing!! Do yourself a favor and order one for your next event.
5	Simply Sweets is AWESOME!!!  A very simple, clean bakery, Dana the owner makes everything look amazing!!! She did a very simple chocolate covered pretzel stick that we used as a "thank you" for our customers and each one was hand tied with a sweet note of thanks!  Dana is beyond creative and "simply sweet" just at the name of her bakery implies!!!
5	Simply Sweets is simply amazing!!!! Dana is incredibly talented and her cakes are not only gorgeous but they taste AMAZING. I have had the pleasure of ordering several cakes from Simply Sweets and each one has been very special and delicious. They do not disappoint. I HIGHLY recommend SImply Sweets!!
5	We ordered a custom cake for my daughter's sweet 16 party. Dana did an amazing job. My daughter loved her cake as did her guests. It was absolutely adorable and Simply Sweets was a really nice place to do business with.
5	Simply Sweets does an amazing job. At my wife's baby shower they set up an incredible desert bar that had all the men dropping off their significant others drooling. The cupcakes and cakes are immaculately decorated and delicious. I would highly recommend Simply Sweets for anyone looking for delicious inspirational cakes and unique desert concepts.
5	What a great place, although it's hidden it is a true Gem. Not only does Dana have amazing cakes the store has eye candy, real candy too!  I like the local feeling that I get in here.
5	II have been using Simply Sweets for years for my own family and for my business. Her custom cakes are amazing and i love that i can go there for all my other needs, cupcakes, chocolate covered oreos and pretzels, candy, cake plates, cupcake wrappers and other party supplies.  Besides the cakes looking amazing they taste even better.  I refer everyone to Dana and wil be coming back again and again!
1	Absolutely the worst cake I have ever tasted! While the cake was designed beautifully, the butter cream icing was like eating nothing but granulated sugar. The vanilla cake had a shocking after taste.  Very bitter! And the lemon mousse filling tasted like lemon flavored Twinkie cream. Gross!I was able to get through one small fork full and that was all I could handle. This was such a sucky way to end what was an awesome 40th birthday celebration!
5	Hands Down best cakes in AZ! Dana is awesome at her craft! She did our sons 1st Birthday cake and it was amazing. All of our guest loved it! If you need a cake then Simply Sweets is the place. @ Joanne you must have been mistaken and wrote your review about another Bakery. If you need a Cake SIMPLY SWEETS!!
1	Horrible customer service, no return phone call or email.  Wanted to place an order, but never heard back.  Maybe it's a sign?  Won't recommend this place to anyone.  Ever..
