4	Painless drop off. Verified that we did not go over allotted miles and left appropriate amount of gas.  Took all of a minute.
1	If I did not so desperately need to use a u-haul trailor to haul a car back to arizona in a rush, I would have gladly went to a different U-Haul Co. After getting a quote prior to my arrival, not only did they give us the wrong price, as quoted on the phone, they pretty much had no recollection of ANY info I gave them on the phone I.e., I will be using my personal truck and NOT one of theirs.When the worker came out, he acted like he dragging feet and was more interested in texting on his phone then hurrying and putting the hitch on the truck while I stood by.I do not recommend their services to anybody.
5	I just moved here from Denver, CO, where I picked up a U-Haul trailer. I dropped it off at this S Las Vegas Blvd location. It was due by 6:30p on a Tuesday. 2 hours prior to drop off we received a courtesy reminder call ... I thought this was awesome! Not only did they call us(instead of not caring, which means if we were late we would owe more money), but they also called us well ahead of the drop off time(rather than 10-15 minutes before, which would leave us no time had we forgotten the drop time). The drop off was VERY easy... we just pulled up where a gentleman unhooked the trailer, and pulled out. We didn't even have to get out of the car. Moving is tough, it's nice when things like this go so simply and quickly~
5	I have nothing but great things to say about this storage place! Erik is awesome! cheap rates and for only an extra $10 a month you can get a 24 hr access card. This allows you to come and go as you please 24 hrs a day. Its always clean and tons of dollies for use. I will be referring all my friends here.
5	Fast and easy rental for a truck and unit. Normal people working the front desk, thank god. I would highly recommend.
5	Rented out a truck from U-Haul for moving purposes for the very first time and I must say, U-Haul encourages me that their services wholeheartedly welcome me to rent their equipment again at anytime.The only thing about this place is that there are bystanders at the entrance looking for jobs but just ignore them.I rented a 14' truck and had a friend assist me in moving and it was very quick. Not only that, but checking in and out was very convenient and quick as well. All the representatives were very kind and attending to my needs. There was also no transaction error! I know that rental places are notorious for that but I paid for exactly as I was charged.
2	I was in need of some propane late one night and drove over to Uhaul to get my tank refilled. If was a Friday at 7:45 pm. got there in time just before they closed. I pulled up and the guy cleaning the lot told me that they were closed and I would have to come back. I asked him what time they closed and he didn't answer. I looked in the window and they were surfing the internet. Why have posted hours! Plus, all the people standing in front of the place waving you down the minute you pull into the lot is annoying.
4	Lots of trucks available. Great customer service and pretty speedy at the counter. Lots of supplies available as well should you need anything and lots of homies outside eager to help with your move! WAY better customer service than Blue Diamond Mini!
1	Very unhappy, no star for uhaul. But give just a star for cleanliness. waited too long even though there was not a line. The worst part is that they specifically said to put in the same amount of gas when returning the truck, we did that, but the guy who helped us check out was very rude and told us that the gas was not enough and had to put in $17 more. So we had to drive back outadding miles and that $17 made their truck a full tanked gas which was more than it was when we got it. Such a ripped off.
4	Prices are real good.  Plenty of workers on the corner who will move you for Pizza soda and $20.  I used 6 of their workers and moved my entire house in 3 hours.  I didn't break a sweat and didn't lift a thing and it was cheap using their trucks.
5	We stored my husband's things here while we moved back to Connecticut for the summer.  It's rare that you come away with such a good feeling about a business.  Front desk staff extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  Prices super reasonable.  It was never really that crowded and we could always park the car almost right up to the loading dock.  Plenty of carts to use.  When we moved out it was extremely simple and there were no surprise charges.  I highly recommend this business!
1	The owner of this you haul is extremely rude to customers. I thought I had 24 hours for the rental. So when I didn't bring it back on time he called me in rude tone telling me to bring the truck back right away. We were in the middle of finishing our move. I asked if I could just keep it and pay the extra money and he said no customers need it bring it back right now!... It shocked me that he wouldn't budge on coming up with a solution!!!!! Just said I need the truck back now!... If it was my store I would have at least offered some kinda different truck. Or been some what nice to my customer even if they made a mistake. We had to find a different truck from a completely different company and it rued our whole moving day.
1	I have used u haul a lot over the years.  Sometimes it's great and sometimes it's not.  But this place while nice and new just flat out sucks.  It seemed like they had plenty of employees but I waited 45 minutes to receive my vehicle.  After completing the rental inside and  refusing there extended useless coverage numerous times I went outside to get my truck.   Your own insurance will always cover you.....I was greeted by an employee with a cigarette in his hand.  Seems sort of stupid with a propane tank just a few feet away.  Anyway I needed to get out of there but the truck was disgusting.  The ashtray was full, the floor was sticky, the windows were dirty, and the inside of the cab  smelled like dope !  Not to mention the trash under the seat.  The return was even worse when I pulled up two employees were leaning against the wall watching videos,on their phones and smoking !   I didn't say anything and just waited for nearly 3 minutes for them to come over to me.  I needed to drop off the vehicle quickly and asked if they could take care of things outside but they said no and directed me into the store.  Needless to say they tried to overcharge me for gas and damage that I did not do to their vehicle.  Good thing I took photos of the gas, mileage and the truck before I left.  Imake sure you do that otherwise they will try and rip you off.  I asked to speak to the manager but was told he was gone for the day.  I did speak to the assistant manger but you could tell he didn't care and just gave fake rehearsed answers.  I called back several times to speak to the manager but he was never in and never called me back.  While I was not overcharged in the end the lack of customer service is just appalling at this location.
