1	i spent my formative years at this very mall. an orange julius at the food court, shopping for prom dresses at wet seal... ha ha. this mall, and that entire area on southern from dobson to alma school is pretty much abandoned. the only reason anything still exists there is because MCC is right in the area.the mall is floundering, the surrounding restaurants like bennigans and even the pancho's couldn't make it. it's not surprising with super-planned, pre-packaged for the middle class to feel like upper middle class malls like chandler fashionsquare around.
4	Outside the mall - looks like all the businesses, like flowers, are drying up and blowing away.  Inside the mall - Totally different story.  I went on a week day, after the lunch rush but before folks would be getting out of work.  Typically this is the slowest part of the day.  This place was doing some steady business.  I hit like 5 different stores and was never the only one in them.  There were folks walking around everywhere.  Their food court was even almost 1/2 filled.  And I don't know if they just recently finished some make over work or something - but it actually looked really nice in here.  The ceilings were a bit lower than they would make them in new malls, but not so low it was oppressive or anything. You could just tell it was a bit older.  The door I walked in even had a really nice tree shaded seating area outside.  Not bad at all.So while this is a little out of the way for me to go on a totally regular basis - I'm acutally curious to go again when I can spend some more time checking the place out.  I was definately pleasently surprised.
5	Weird, three reviews in the past month or so -- Fiesta Mall must be putting out psychic waves.I'm giving this mall an undeserving 5 stars because I lived there when the thing was built. It was very exciting when it opened. I got my second job there -- selling Eva Gabor Wigs to old society ladies in the millinery department of Goldwaters. I spent many ennui-inducing hours at the arcade while my high-school boyfriend played Battlezone always promising that I could go next. I ate gyros in the food court, and visited my friends who worked in the various stores -- Warehouse records, Contempo Casuals, Sears, Wicks & Sticks, the Sunglass Hut. That should suffice to date me. It was a thrilling big new mall in 1982-83. We thought that "Tri-City Mall" was the old outdated mall -- with the oil waterfall feature in the center where the elderly people would congregate with their walkers and canes and the new mothers with their strollers all "taking a load off" -- when they weren't eating at "Sambo's" -- SAMBO'S! can you even imagine!?I also knew the kid -- Justin Wolfswinckle or something like that, whose dad had owned the property on which they built Fiesta Mall. His dad took some of the money and bought Justin (then 17) a Lamborghini. Ridiculous really. So here's to Fiesta Mall! And to capitalism's continuing love affair with planned obsolesence! Salut!
4	My friends make fun of me for going to this mall, but I loooove it because it's usually dead. Unlike Arizona Mill or the overcrowded Chandler Fashion Center and Scottsdale Fashion Square, I can actually breathe and not have to fight the crowds as I shop. And parking is stress-free since the mall is rarely crowded. It's also filled with fun stores like Victoria's Secret, Bath & Body Works, Charlotte Russe, Shoelicious and a yummy gelatto stand.
3	Boo this mall sucks! Fiesta mall is no fiesta, my friends. Very small, under a lot of construction, and full of small chains everywhere. I wouldn't have high expectations for this place, and then you won't be disappointed. All the stores here are available at any other mall which have better atmospheres and more stores.
3	The only reason I ever come to this mall is because it happenes to be close to work for me.  I really dont like going there though, there is always some family causing a scene in the middle of the walkway, and most of the stores dont interest me.  It also smells funny even though it seems to be pretty clean.I will say that this season I found some cute bathing suits on sale at Macy's but you can go to any mall in the valley and find the same thing.Bonus that fiesta doesnt ever seem to be THAT busy when I'm there during the week in the middle of the day.  Other than a very few positive points, I'd go elsewhere for a memorable and successful shopping experience.
3	I have been going to Fiesta Mall in Mesa for about 20-years now... I do prefer other Malls, but this place isn't dead just yet.It has had it's ups and downs, though I would argue that it is on the upswing lately. A major renovation is nearing completion (including the parking lot). Nothing too surprising here - Most of the same shops that every mall has. It is smaller than most malls, and sometimes that can be a good thing :)Plenty of interesting businesses encircle the mall. About half of the area shopping plazas are dead (near Southern and Alma School), and the other half thrive... Unfortunately, the general area has been on the decline for years.
5	I could almost walk to Fashion Square but prefer my dependable Fiesta! I enjoy that this place is never a hassle. Parking is easy, unlike Scottsdale or Chandler where half the battle is even finding A spot, let alone a close one. Since I am a curvy girl, I am fortunate to find Torrid, Lane Bryant and Macy's all in one spot. The Macy's there has a good selection of cute clothes in 14 and up and the staff is always helpful. The shoe selection is minimal at this Macy's but the mall has other stores with cute affordable selections.Mesa does not have much to offer in the shopping world but this mall has always done me well!
2	This mall is so crappy... The only saving grace is Macy's, it has a small selection but there are always really great clearance items. Did I  mention some girl had brought her boom box in and sat it at the register so she could jam out to puffy combs or some crap. Ok minus 2 more for Macy's.I found myself at Fiesta last night, I needed clothes for work and did not want to drive to Chandler and fight the crowds. I pulled up at first excited at the great parking spot I scored, then I walked in and remembered why I never come to this mall. It is the ghetto fab mini me of malls. I lapped the entire place in about 25 minutes, the Dillard's is an absolute joke. I think the men's section had more clothes than the women's, junior's and misses put together. Needless to say I walked around for an hour, went to every store there and came out with 2 shirts. I could have saved myself the frustration and went to Chandler instead. Yea there may be crowds but the stores are large with great selections so you don't have to go to 10 ghetto stores to find a top. I was so irritated I didn't even get a pretzel.
2	If someone asked me where is the best place to get stabbed other than in prison. I wouldn't think twice. Fiesta Mall. This place is smelly and ghetto. I basically grew up in this mall and it has tanked within the past 5 years. Although I am glad they are trying to renovate and clean this place up with the new Best Buy and such but It still wont bring me back.
3	I don't care a whole lot for this mall, but they have a good Frederick's of Hollywood, so that's a plus for me.  It's pretty ghetto here, despite the fancy facade they so desperately try to put out there.  They have undergone a lot of rennovations in the past few years, but you can't cover up ghetto.  This is another easy to navigate mall with only a few shallow spokes so you are never too far from where you want to be.  Their food court seems to have gotten worse over the years, and they took out the cookie place that I love.  As far as stores go, they have Dillard's, they have Sears, they have a few sports/shoe stores, and a smattering of popular teen stores.  It's not really a great mall or anything, but it does make for some very good people watching.
2	I used to have a lot of fun coming to Fiesta mall as a kid and even in the early to mid 2000s, but now it's pretty much a dive. The clientele demographics have changed, and the stores inside pretty much reflect that. There seems to be more store vacancies than there used to be, and the Dillard's that I used to always shop at is now just a single story discount outlet. Waldenbooks also recently went out of business. And I find it odd having a Best Buy in the mall now, their other location across the street was much better. Fiesta Mall now just seems like a teenage wasteland with nothing unique to entice you to patronize it, they do have a pretty good sized food court though. However, I still come here ever so often because it's the closest mall to me.
3	I visited the Fiesta Mall about 2 weeks ago, and i have to say i wasn't that impressed by it. Now my mall standards are pretty high...and while this mall is not horrible by any stretch of the imagination it could use a little spice because it is a very blahhh mall. It is right off the I-10 so that makes it easy to get in and out of. I was told the In and Out burger they have on the property near the mall is fairly new...so i know that draws crowds. I also saw a Mimi's Cafe there...and while the service can be slow at some other's i have been to...they usually draw nice crowds as well...especially for senior citizens. I like the fact that it has 2 levels and it even has a crocs store..but for the most part it has all your usual mall stores. It does look like at one time they were like the fashion square in Scottsdale...it has that feel in some parts of it but like i said it is really an average mall. I think if they add some more high end stores and do something with the surrounding area...maybe a bowling alley...and more upscale restaurants it could be a really nice place to visit as a whole. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!
4	I love this mall cause it's so close. I will miss The Body Shop . I still find myself there for everything from jewelry to vitamins. Oh and Best Buy of course.
3	I came here a few weeks ago and it was nothing much to get excited about. They have your typical food court and standard shopping stores that you would expect at any mall.If you don't like crowded malls then you might enjoy Fiesta mall but there are other better malls that you should consider. Don't expect anything out of the ordinary here or what you might enjoy at your regular mall. All in all Fiesta Mall is mediocre. From the malls I've been to thus far, Fiesta Mall would be in between Desert Sky Mall and Arrowhead Mall.
4	If you're not looking for high-end, more expensive shopping, this mall might be a better choice for you than some of the others.  The stores are still adequate and parking is easy.  It's got a nice Best Buy store in it too.  Best thing of all though is the fun kids play area.See ya there!
2	My fav mall???? No, but it has two stores that I do adore and when im in a rush this place is the one to stop by since you can get in and out relatively quick. It a mall, but not the greatest but nonetheless still a mall.
3	Make sure you're strapped when coming to this mall. This mall is where all the wanna be gangbangers hang out that don't feel like driving to AZ Mills. Unfortunately this used to be a nice mall a few years ago, but now, ghetto is right.
1	We were in the mall with young grandkids one afternoon.  The restrooms were absolutely filthy.  The children's play area was getting its daily cleaning (why is this done at a time when kids could be playing and not before/after mall hours).  No wonder the place is deserted and unshopped.  There is nothing appealing about coming here anymore.
3	This is kind of a sad area with all the surrounding strip malls going out of business. Fiesta mall itself is full of empty stores as it's in the ghetto area of Mesa. Since it doesn't get the foot traffic of the more popular the stores often have great clearance selections. The big draw for this place is the Dillard's clearance center. Everything is cut with deep markdowns but buyer beware as it's all non returnable.
2	Not sure how the heck this place is still open! I suppose if it weren't for Macy's, Best Buy, Dicks, and (I hate to say it but) Sears this place would have been long gone. There are several vacant retail stores that are poorly disguised. One of the vacant areas they actually turned into a lounge which I suppose is okay but to me that beckons for teenage trouble. The food court is even more insufferable since Chick-Fil-A left. I used to love this mall, I literally hate to see the life being sucked out of this Mesa landmark. For my bargain hunters you will love getting lost in the Dillard's Clearance store. Really kid friendly mall with a nice size play area and train.  The parking is always easy here even on the busiest days. If you're not into high fashion and crowds this is this is the place to be.
1	So so sad to see this mall go downhill.  It has become totally ghetto.  I was so disappointed to go there on the weekend and the mariachi music is playing so loudly that you can't even think!  We went to Best Buy the night of Thanksgiving and then walked around the mall after, there again, mariachi music playing so loud that we couldn't even talk above it.  It is also sad to see all the food places pulling out, first it was Chick-Fil-A, then the American Grill, then Maggie's pitas.  I don't understand why it has gone the direction it has, it is right off the freeway and with MCC and Banner Desert so close, you would think it would be thriving.
1	can you say (outlet/swapmeet/ 3rd world country mall???) this is the worst mall in az, its full of gang members, & it caters to the.................. well, just go there & youll see wht inm saying...... i dont know why the heck this mall is even open, its just full of window shoppers, & people with no money!!!! i swear there all there just to pick fights, listen to the mariachi bands in the middle of the mall btw (they are waaaay to loud........... anyways, i will never bring my family back there for fear of our lives..... its like a freakin 3rd world country now!!!!!! lol
2	The "fiesta" is over.  It wen't bankrupt in the Fall of 2013.  Maybe the mall is still open.  I don't know.  I haven't been back since they discontinued their Sunday shows.  Hence the loss of two stars.It is an okay, regular mall with regular stores and better than usual food court that probably would do better with a movie theater.
2	This mall is a bit boring.  came here and the mall didnt impress me much. Only the SALE version of Dillards caught my eye. its the Dillards outlet in there. other shops are whatever =/
2	I live in the area and come to this mall only if I need to do some quick shopping. The mall seems small because there's not much to do there. Many of the stores are vacant and there are very few "name brand" stores. They don't have a movie theatre there anymore (the one nearby shutdown) and the food court is nothing special. I usually spend about 2 hours there, tops. There is a pretty nice kids area and a lot of kids were playing so that is a big draw for families with little ones. Overall, I wouldn't expect much coming here. It's not the worst mall I've ever been to but I much prefer Scottsdale Fashion Square and Chandler Mall, even though both are somewhat of a drive for me.
1	Ghet-TO! Mostly dead, not much selection. You can walk through it in less than ten minutes.
2	this mall had so much potential. Just like mesa, this mall has gone down hill. A pathetic excuse for a mall.The "young shoppers" are absolutely loud and rude. It's a mall, if they want to run around chasing each other they should have gone to a park.The only great thing about this ghetto mall is the Best Buy and Spencer's. Don't waste your time.
3	This used to be the best mall in the area.  Then along came Arizona Mills, Chandler Fashion Center, and Tempe Marketplace.  Those three places, in my opinion, seems to have taken at least those patrons who live in Chandler, Tempe and Gilbert.There are still good stores here, including many of the same stores you will find at the other malls.  We have found that Fiesta is now much less busy and crowded than it used to be.  This is particularly nice during Christmas season/sales.And they have an area of covered parking which the other malls don't.  Very nice in summer.
2	Ive been going to this mall since high school. I used to work here, in fact.Man has it gone down hill. It seems more akin to what AZ Mills used to be like when it 1st opened, than the "cool" mall that everyone wanted to go to. They still have a Body Language, a Just Sports, and a Fast Fix here....and thats just about the only reason I go here anymore. Sometimes to Sears as well. All the good places in the food court have closed, along w/ most of the autonomous units for mid-mall snacking have closed, or become some lesser version of what they were. This place is kind of an overall disappointment.
5	My family and I perform flamenco at Fiesta Mall on occasion.  Fiesta Mall invites various performers on stage over the weekend.  Singers, dancers, a clown, etc.  It's all good wholesome fun for the entire family.There are also stores and restaurants.  We recently picked up a pair of flamenco shoes for my daughter at one of the various shoe stores.  The reputation for Fiesta seems to be lacking, but there are some good stores.  Best Buy.  Dicks Sporting Goods.  And who doesn't like to stroll through Hot Topic and feel the coolness ooze over yourself.  It is located in Mesa near the 60 freeway.  There's covered parking, and it is not crowded like other malls.
2	Wow, this mall really went downhill! Way back when, this used to be the mall to shop at for families, teens, and young professionals alike. Now it's just a sad shell of its former self since the opening of the new shopping areas in the surrounding areas.
1	simply a dump!
3	Fiesta mall is trying real hard to get it standings back, several new stores it is improving, but I don't know if it can get itself back, the whole area is littered with empty buildings from a once thriving shopping area.
3	I hadn't been here in several years, so I was pleasantly surprised when I drove by and on a whim decided to stop in and check it out.Five or six years, when I worked across the freeway from here, I'd have thought that Fiesta Mall would be deserted by now. In fact, it looked like it was becoming the East Valley's version of MetroCenter.That's why I was happy to see that Fiesta Mall has done a good job in recovering over the past few years. Dick's Sporting Goods and Best Buy are great additions and the conversion of Dillard's to a Dilard's Outlet is a great move and it seems like this outlet had a better selection than the one at MetroCenter. Maybe Fiesta Mall has a future after all!
2	Let's be honest, this hasn't been one of the "nicer" malls in the PHX area for quite some time, but even as it was getting knocked down a peg or two as new malls were built and/or renovated this was still kind of nice place to go shopping since it still had your usual mall stores/food court options (albeit in a less nice setting), but with smaller crowds. Well, I came here for this the first time in forever recently to kill some time before getting an eye exam close by, and let's just say I spent more time than I was planning in the waiting room there since I spent hardly any time in the mall. It seems like 3/4 of the stores here have become those cheap, disposa-clothes stores & a lot of the spaces are closed up all together. The top floor of Dillard's was closed off when I was here (and from what I can tell this is a permanent thing) with everything converted to one floor. Also, the food court here is terrible. I mean, I can appreciate that other than the Panda Express most of the restaurants seem to be independently owned places, but yeah, they still don't seem all that great. In addition, the escalators weren't working while I was here, and I kind of got the impression this has been the case for awhile and will continue to be the case for quite sometime. Not that is necessarily pertains to the mall itself, but I was sad to see this whole area in general is pretty much dead. I remember there used to also be quite a few shopping & dining options surrounding this mall and now there's literally nothing.
2	This mall seems to continue going downhill as the years pass. They've done a few renovations since it was bought out by Westcor, but it's still not somewhere I would go out of my way for. There are nicer malls with the same selection of stores throughout the valley.
2	This is not my favorite mall, the escalator rails are usually sticky and overall it just has a weird feeling, plus there is no longer a Cinnabon.
2	For some reason, every time I come here I always think of those stabbings that took place here in '08. The mall itself has a really outdated look on the outside as well as the inside. I remember when this used to be the mall that everyone would come to. They have the same stores that most malls do, it's just a worn down dumpy atmosphere. I see a recovery in order..
3	This is one of my least favorite malls. Only a handful of stores I enjoy and it's always crawling with teenagers. It's in a great location, but you can get to three other great malls in 10-15 minutes.
3	The Short:The mall equivalent of an old dude wearing a toupee and driving a bright red sports car.The Pros: - Great food court restaurants. - Easy to navigate.- Tons of sales. - Covered parking.- Great hangout spot for angsty teenagers. The Cons: - Sales can often be attributed to store closings.- One-third of the mall is empty.- Not the best cross-section of mall shops. - Oh no, youth abound! Interest Fact:When the flagship stores leave, it's often a sign that the mall is doomed. This one, unfortunately, has been diagnosed with a year or two left to live.
1	The mall management isn't so great! i took my phone to get the screen replaced  at CELLARIRIS and they did an absolutely horrible job. they charged me $80 which was  cash only because the workers there said that the Machine for credit card did not work. the next day the glass broke again and when I went to go get my refund back the mall nor the kiosk gave me my money back. later I find out that CELLARIRIS isn't even supposed to make those replacement so now the mall can't do anything about it because I don't have a receipt which obviously I don't since the guy only had me pay cash. I don't think he wanted Cellariris to know what is being charged under the company's account just to pocket the money. I will now have to go to the Better Business Bureau and file a fraud case. Since mall managment has done NOTHING!!!
2	This review is for just sports. The employees were nice but they don't have a dressing room?! Seriously? What kind of clothing store doesn't have a dressing room? STUPID!!
1	Well it just sucks. Half the stores are empty and the ones they have left are full of cheap crap. Other than the department stores they lost all of their good stores. Plus a few years ago they started having the "events" in the center of the mall for free that brings in a lot of people who are  only there for the free show. To make it worse it's only geared towards the Hispanic community. When I'm trying to shop and spend money I don't really want to listen to blaring mariachi music and have to fight to get past a crowd of people who don't have enough manners to get out of other peoples way. The play area is a hot mess. The kids are rude, mean and unsupervised. One kid was going around hitting other kids and the mother just sat there. Another was picking on my niece who was half his size while the mother sat on her cell phone. When I looked to see what was going on, I simply asked the kid to leave her alone, next thing I know I have this crazy skank screaming in my face while I was holding a new born baby. Classy! It was so beyond ghetto, I haven't been back since. If you want to shop, go to Superstition Springs or Chandler Mall. This place is a joke
2	Honestly, this mall is dead. I remember years ago as a little girl coming to this mall with my grandma and it was full of people and popular stores, and even not so many years ago when all the teenagers tried to pick whether they wanted to hang out here or Superstition...now I'm pretty sure almost nobody hangs out here. I only go here occasionally because it's right across the street and while it does have a few good stores (bath and body works, best buy, sears, the children's place, Spencer's etc.) most of the stores are just cheap no name clothing or random nick nacks. Also Macy's has closed and Dillard's is one floor now and pretty much an outlet store. I also can't remember of Forever 21 just recently closed or has been gone, never cared for it anyways. But American Eagle did just close also.The food court is basic. Subway, orange Julius, Panda Express, and two or three other places I forgot the name of. Hotdog on a stick just recently closed and whatever used to be next to it and Cinnabon is long gone along with the bagel place that's been a random Mexican dessert/snack/I don't know what place for a long time now.This mall is fine if you are looking for a specific store that they actually have or just want to get some exercise out of the heat but to come here and browse around for a variety of things might be a little difficult unless you enjoy Asian decor, stripper clothes, cheap plastic jewelry and bongs...Point being, it's dead like the rest of the surrounding area.
1	Malls, they are a changin!! As with the bulk of malls nationwide, this one is no different: S*** is getting real son. No longer are places making money. More and more stores are closing to make room for online purchases. This place is feeling this type of issue head on....but still sucked before the recent trend of shuttering stores in favor of online began.~What to Do~Shop, eat, shop, look at emo kids, shop, go to Best Buy to purchase washer, shop, eat some more, Run to Best Buy to get Dryer, do not pass go.~The Good~This is yet another poorly run mall that has one awesome store: The Dillards Clearance Center. As you may already know, I love Dillards Clearance centers. For guys, you simply can't beat the deals. I went just the other day and almost got this fine 150 dollar dress shirt for 20 bucks. I need to curb my spending so I passed, but the beauty of that shirt haunts my dreams. Not as much as this mall haunts my dreams, but its a close second. Fiesta has a Dicks Sporting Goods attached to the complex as well, which is a nice boost. I love walking in there and looking at all of the over-priced goods I wish I could buy but will probably order online for cheaper. The GNC inside was nice as well, had a ton of protein bars for more than 1/2 their normal cost which helped out the ol' wallet. The one anomaly of this place is that they still have the Hollister store inside. What gives Hollister?!?! You guys are still plugging away all these years later!?! I can dig that store, God help them.~The Bad~Whoever owns this property has the foresight of an 8 year old. The area around Fiesta has gotten so poor, that the shops inside are just ridiculous. It is a bigger version of Metrocenter mall, located in Mesa this time. The bulk of the stores confound me, like the ones with shirts that read "I pooped today" which obviously is a big hit to the average 15 year old out there....god help our future. There is no pomp or circumstance here, it is just a big hulk of land which does not serve a general purpose other than it is just here to walk around at. I find myself saying this following whilst driving to Fiesta: "Oh its hot as hell! I am going to walk around Dicks, go to Dillards and walk around for a bit." Nothing...nothing makes me call this a destination. It has basic store chains that are probably grasping on to thin air in sales and are hoping customers will come. The food court is a court alright...a court of mishmashed food catastrophes. The past 5 times I have come here, each time I come somewhat hungry and say to myself "Oh lets see if something better opened up!", upon which I come to the realization that no..it hasn't. I usually leave to go to a local eatery because its too depressing to consume Japanese food at a food court in Mesa Arizona. At least Metrocenter has a relatively good sushi vendor in their "food court". ~The Downlow~Sweet sassy molassey, you couldn't pay me to come here on a regular basis. You should come here solely for Dillards, and if you need to comparison shop prices for sports items, shoes or clothes, go to Dicks. I prefer Dicks over other places, and would suggest that for you as well. I prefer Sports Chalet, but they are also higher priced and seem to be closing up shop around town as well. Anyway I digress. This place earns one star. One. Uno. No mas. One star for Dillards, because this place has everything I need. Do not go to Ross, Marshalls, etc for your man or yourself guys.. go to any Dillards Clearance Center and you will be in polo, dress shirt, jean and shorts heaven. Other than that, staaaaay away!!!!
5	The mall isn't all about being in a huge hoard of people. Fiesta is very quiet, small, and to the point. It doesn't deserve the hate it gets just because most of the name brand stores have been replaced by mom and pop shops. The mom and pop shops tend to be cheaper anyways, and there still is a good mixture of both. They still have Charlotte Russe, Wet Seal, Spencers etc. In this mall it's very easy to just go and get your shopping done. The food court is also great. The chain restaurants are being phased out and replaced with better local things. The Mexican food is very good, and so is the Chinese dim sum place. The gyros is REALLY good, and also extremely cheap. Very authentic too.
3	As others have said, rather a sad mall, which is a shame, as it's nicely designed inside, but many of the shops have closed down.  However, I went again yesterday as I remembered the superb massage centre that is there, "Easy Relax". It is a proper, authentic Far East style massage studio - and I visited due to having a very sore neck and shoulder problem. At time of writing, it has improved massively since my visit today, after a deep tissue massage. I will probably go again tomorrow for another treatment, and I can't recommend them enough. Very good value and extremely effective.
1	This mall is ghetto and so are the employees. I was in the neighborhood and need to kill some time, so I took my kid to the playground (which is very worn out). Decided to walk around and see what shops are still open, when I almost slipped on some water, I was able to gain my balance by grabbing the wall. I saw a maintenance lady nearby and informed that the floor is wet. She went to inspect it and said in Spanish its nothing,  not a big deal, its almost dry. She pissed me off, obviously there was enough water for me to slip, you could even see the skid mark my shoe left in the water. And I replied to her back in Spanish "I was just letting you know so someone else doesn't come and slip and sue this mall."I remember as a teen this was the mall to go to. Now its just sad to see what it has become. NEVER COMING BACK TO THIS GHETTO MALL
2	Poor poor Fiesta Mall. So sad to watch it die a very very very slow drawn out death. It all started back when Chandler Mall opened up. Fiesta was never able to compete. Since then it just keeps getting worse. Now about only half the stores are open. Macy's is gone. Forever 21 is gone. American Eagle is gone. The Body Shop is gone. Victoria's Secret is gone. Cinnabon is gone. Cinnabon! Why??! Seems like once a store's lease is up they get out and that's sad. With MCC so close to the Fiesta you would think that with proper management this mall could be saved or re-imagined or something. Look at In and Out and Dutch Bros and how busy those places are all the time. The lines are always so long! Obviously, there is business around the area but the stores are not. Still I hope for nice things to happen. I wish you good luck, Fiesta! Just hold on to Best Buy for as long as you can because it is about all you have left.
5	Very quite, interesting stores and events once in a while hopefully things pick up and be the old mall that it use to be fill with stores and people shopping :)
1	Close this mall down already! It's ghetto and the stores belong in a swap meet.
1	Security is on a power tripin this mall. I'm a security officer of 20+ years and I went to this mall last nite to pick up a game from one of the stores for my son when one of the guards stoped me ad told me I had to leave because the don't alow uniforms in the mall.  I was shocked. He told me that mall policy prohibits the uniforms in the mall and tha it is posted at the door. The is no posting at the door on this topic.  Sorry but if this is your policy. I will never step into your mall again.
3	this mall is a bit older not a large selection . maybe take my teenage daughter here because its pretty cheap. Not a place for me though
1	This mall is so sad.  I lived near it for 4 years, and would come here on occasion for random things that I needed.  They had more of a selection when I first started coming here, but it was still kind of a dump even then.Over the years, more and more stores have shuddered over time. I mean, it's not like there was a lot in here.  Now, even the Macy's is gone, which is kind of sad, because I would go in there from time to time to check out their sales.I really don't know how this place stays open.  Honesty, I think this place is 10 times worse then Metro center, because it's just so vacant.  The outside stores that circle the mall are okay such as Best Buy and Dicks, and they at least still have the Sears and the Dillard's which has turned into a clearance center.I don't feel scared coming here, but I have seen some shady characters here over the years. I stopped in here yesterday to see if it's still the same, and sadly, it is.  Not a whole lot going on.There are plenty of better places to shop, and aside from a few occasional trips to Dillard's, I don't know that I would even bother going here if I were you.  I think if they put some effort into it, the mall could have a few decent stores to draw people in, but overall it continues to get worse.  My theory?  Either kick it into high gear and try to turn this place around, or shut it down already and do the city a favor.
2	Used to come here frequently when I was younger and remember how busy it was. Now, it seems like the mall  has more vacant spaces than stores. It's depressing really.  Seems like it's just a matter of time before the entire mall goes bankrupt. I can't imagine they're making much money remaining open.
