1	Participants: Myself, My HusbandSetting: Phoenix, AZ Background:We find ourselves at 11a needing to find a decent hotel in the Tempe-ish area with wifi for the night. We have about 3 hours of solid work online to get done, and plans to head out to the Giants game at 6p. This was a frustrating turn in the day, and I had not yet had the chance to shower or eat breakfast, so I was really looking forward to everything running smoothly. We booked this hotel through Travelocity, and the ratings looked satisfactory, so to the Clarion we go....12:30 - We arrive at the Clarion.Me:  We have a reservation.Front Desk Clerk: Our system is down.Me: Oh, does that affect us getting our room?FDC: I don't know if you have a reservation.Me: I have the email on my phone, is there something you could do? Just give us a clean room and we can straighten this out later?FDC: The system is down, there is nothing I can do.Me: Uh...Ok. We will go get something to eat and come back. 2:00 - We arrive back at the Clarion after eating (btw, Biscuits restaurant down the street, fantastic) FDC: The system is still down.Me: Ok, that seems not to be getting fixed very quickly, could we please just have a room?FDC: There isn't anything I can do, the system is down.Me: Seriously? You can't simply give us a clean room and we can figure this out later? FDC: I dont' know what rooms are clean, the system is down. Me: There isn't anything you can do?FDC: There isn't anything I can do, the system is down. 2:45 - We arrive back at the Clarion after taking a drive. FDC: The system is still down.Me: Im sorry that it is, but we would really appreciate just getting into a room, any room. Ill let you know if it is dirty. FDC: Let me have you talk to my supervisor.Front Desk Supervisor: The system is down, but I can call and check your reservation. It should only take a few minutes, if you can just wait. Me: Thank you, I really appreciate it. Immediately after this, the Front Desk Clerk gets engaged in a conversation with someone that walks in. Granted, it was about a recently retired coworker that passed away, Im not a monster, and give this moment its due. The conversation continued for several minutes while we waited. Finally after close to twenty minutes of waiting, we were given a room key.I realize at this moment that I should ask about the wifi password when the "system" comes up. She gave it to me, and I was happy to finally get in the room. We get into the room and not only was the table covered in very visible crumbs but there is no wifi, even when the "system" was up. All they had was DSL. This was key as we BOTH had to work. I had to cancel a client meeting, the room was a total joke, and I would give it a value of around $60-70 instead of the $130 we paid. This was the most expensive hotel on our trip, and by far the worst. During the entire exchange with the staff, no one seemed to have any interest in stepping up to make certain we could get what we needed, which was the room we had already paid for. It should not take close to three hours to check into the hotel room. This was horrible customer service, and the hotel was mediocre at best to begin with. FAIL.
1	I am a commuter from Seattle.. Meaning, this became my home away from home a few months ago. I stay here because many of my coworkers stay here... Lately this place has gone downhill quicker than a tumbleweed in a wind storm. The front desk acts like they are doing you a favor by checking you in.. Never a smile... Rarely a thank you.. Last month I stayed here 6 nites... The last time I had the opportunity to finally lodge a complaint. After all the card in the room totes 'Satisfaction Guaranteed'.. Joke! I had two roaches in my room.... One dead.. One live and fast. Uncatchable.. I called. I got a guy with zero energy in his blood. Kinda like that roach laying on his back dead? He said 'oh.. Well.. Ugh... Sorry.. Not my fault '... I told him about the rancid stained carpet.. The broken bent over lamps...'ok' was the response.. Calling the manager did nothing further.... This place is a dive... Know going in the 'satisfied customer'.. Won't exist here... Wifi.. That is gonna work about half the time..SO me and my buddy bidder..have found a new home away from home and away from this dive..
4	Stuck in Phoenix due to a missed flight connection we were guided to this hotel. Free shuttle service to and from the airport free breakfast that had such a huge variety including fresh made waffles, also complimentary hygiene products like toothbrush/toothpaste, razors, deorderant etc. which I was thankful for since I didn't have my bag. And the staff was very helpful. The room was nice, the shower head was my only complaint, eventhough it did have variable settings. Overall a welcomed relief to a hectic day of travel.
1	I wish I had check Yelp first instead of Google Hotel Finder.Using the online booking tool, I got a room with two beds for $84 (tax and breakfast included).  I guess that was about a fair price.  The Bad: The building is old and ugly, and just off the freeway.  The pool was closed.  The room had not been cleaned completely - a used bar of soap by the sink, stray hair in the shower, etc.  The beds were lumpy.The Good: Bed linens were new and high quality.  The noisy AC masked the freeway noise.  The breakfast options, though unattractively presented, was varied and satisfying.
4	Last month, I attended a conference at this hotel. Their base clientele is in the airline industry, which is the industry I work in. Is it fancy? No. Are the furnishings circa Golden Girls? Yes.  This is the only reason I have not given the place five stars. The staff is friendly and courteous, they have a wonderful happy hour and I received 2 drink coupons. Make your own taco and salad bar one night and hot dogs with all the fixings another night. The hostess of the happy hour is super friendly. The airport shuttle is reliable and I noticed they offer park and stay deals. It is in walking distance if several bars and restaurants, pharmacies, gas station/convenience stores and a big supermarket. I had a wedding in the area so I booked a night as I was leaving the conference. They gave me a super rate as an airline employee.
5	I can't vouch for the rooms because I didn't stay here but I did attend a conference and the service was excellent. Gabriella (Gabby) tended the small bar they had and she was top of the line. If all employees were like Gabby there wouldn't be any bad reviews.
1	This place is the definition of a flea bag hotel. The person who took the pics on the choice website should be both charged w/fraud and given a raise by hotel management as the room I was in and the lobby look NOTHING as pictured. They are supposedly renovating the place, but goodness knows when that will happen. The place might have been nice when it was built in the 70s, but its glory days are long gone. It also has a super weird layout.My room was two doubles because they were out of kings and thankfully I only needed the one bed because the other was completely stripped down to the mattress w/the bedding laying on top of the dresser. I called down to the front desk to be put in another room, but the place was full, which shocked me, but apparently their core business is airline employees.Needless to say I the place just felt dirty and I was afraid to touch anything in my room. Sleeping in the bed was agony because I had ideas of bedbugs running through my head.The only reason this place is getting 1-star is because they had a decent bfast and the girl at check in was nice, as was the shuttle driver, however the other girl who answered the phone needs to take a customer service and attitude adjustment refresher course!Either way, steer clear of this pit!
1	If you're in Phoenix and need someplace to stay, don't do what we did and assume that a major brand name hotel guarantees you a decent experience. This place was not good--another reviewer called it a pit--which is fairly accurate. The room we stayed in had super-thin glass on the exterior wall (making the room ridiculously loud)--which wasn't helped by the fact that we were on the  freeway side as well. I needed to get some work done during my stay, and I'm glad I had my mobile hotspot with me because their WiFi network was nowhere to be found on the East side of the building. When I called to inquire about the WiFi network, I was asked "what do you expect me to do". Not a great answer.We didn't get much sleep that night, and rather than take our chances with the breakfast in the lobby, we went to a Cracker Barrel a few exits down the freeway. Thankfully, we're not in a position where we have to stay in Phoenix all that often. But it's safe to say that I will NEVER be staying here again. Clarion should be ashamed of hanging their sign on this dump.
4	Stayed here one night on our way through Phoenix.   The king room was very clean very modern with refrigerator microwave right by the pool very nice. The staff was very friendly and helpful. For the price I don't feel that you could find a better deal in the Phoenix area. I will be back.  The Free Wi-Fi is a healthy 5Mbs,
