3	This is a small cafe type restaurant in the Rio Hotel.  The food was ok, nothing to write home about, but it wasn't too expensive, and service was pretty quick, and they actually had a veg option.  Can you believe Tofu was on the menu.  It was not great, served with lots of baby bok choy, but it was vegetarian.  Not easy to find in Vegas.  I went back the next morning (I was there for a meeting), and had breakfast.  Service was fast and courteous, and breakfast was breakfast.
2	Ugh, underwhelming food served to a captive audience.I thought eating here would spare me the dregs of convention luncheon fare. What I got was convention luncheon fare, except I had to pay for it.You probably cannot go wrong with the standard "burgers 'n shit," but steer well clear of the spaghetti and meatballs and the fruit plate. Don't even *look* at the pseudo-chinese food list on the back side of the menu. $11 for congee?? Come on.Now, I didn't order the spag and meatballs, that was a business partner. He's a young guy and sometimes young guys aren't too picky as long as they are full. But even he told me afterwards the food was really bad.I got the fruit plate and it was exactly like convention fruit plates. Crunchy cantaloupe, browning bananas, tasteless strawberries.  But there was no other place to go in the time we had to eat.Finally, business partner thought the staff working there seemed a little lackluster. I said their eyes showed soul-crushing disappointment in the neverending tedium of serving cafeteria food as a profession to desperate gamblers and exhausted convention-goers. Maybe that is the same as lackluster, but I try to be creative.Oh, and my water glass and silverware smelled like eggs.
1	TERRIBLE!  TERRIBLE!  TERRIBLE!The food wasn't good and the service just SUCKED ASS.  I only had an hour to eat during an all-day seminar at the neighboring convention center, and didn't even get my food until the 50 minute mark, at which point I had to ask for a to-go box and leave my poor husband alone with the check.The staff was just for shit...slow, understaffed, not friendly, and I think barely spoke English as they got my drink order wrong.  I know I was not the only person who had a terrible experience that day or during the ensuing conference that week.  I'll never eat there again - I'd rather grab a snack from the nearby Starbucks than waste my time trying to get a meal there.
2	Sao Paulo is a glorified coffee shop.  It's the only place in the Rio serving breakfast for less than the buffet price.  I had the chicken fried steak.  The chef at Sao Paulo is an idiot.  The menu describes the plate as Chicken Fried Steak, Cheese Scrambled Eggs and Biscuit and Gravy.  The waitress asks if you want the cheese scrambled eggs or your eggs any other way, but I choose to go with the scramble to see how it looks.  When the plate showed up, I realized the chef is an idiot.  The steak had the scrambled eggs on top of it.  The biscuit and gravy was next to the steak.  No gravy on the steak.  Darn.... I just killed Paula Dean with that statement.  The first thing I did was push off the eggs and ask the waitress for a cup of gravy to make this plate right.  After I got the plate done correctly, the steak was pretty good for a deep fried style.  It was crunchy and the flavor of the batter was good. The steak was tenderized perfectly.  I prefer pan fried, but for deep fried, this was one was better than average.  The biscuit was small, but the gravy was good sausage country gravy.  The cheese scramble was okay.  I told the manager the chef is an idiot and should smother the steak with gravy in the future and put the eggs on the side. Not on top of the steak.  I don't know if the manager will tell that to the chef.  Next year, I'll see if they change it.
3	This place really isn't that bad.  As long as you don't come here with high expectations, you can't be disappointed.  4 of us came here for "breakfast" after a night of... well, let's not go there. But this is the sort of place you go to when you need food that'll soak up the residual alcohol from the night before or morning of.  I ordered the chicken fried steak, and as Dave S. commented, they didn't plate it like it normally is.  It came as chicken fried steak, topped with cheese scrambled eggs, biscuits & gravy on the side.  No gravy on the chicken fried steak?!  What the...?  So while that was a little off-putting, the food itself was actually quite tasty.  The chicken fried steak was cooked perfectly, a little crispy on the outside.  The gravy was good, thick & tasty with bits of bacon.  I tried to finish it because it was sooo yummy, but in the end I took it to go and noshed on it the next day before our early morning flight back home (sans silverware! haha).  The rest of my table enjoyed their meals: waffle, 2 egg breakfast, and a burrito/wrap served with chipotle salsa.  Portions were huge, service was a tad slow, prices were reasonable, and water - thankfully - was plentiful.
2	Not too bad of a place, has late breakfast.  The service is pretty slow and sucky.  I was happy they had pancakes.  I was not too happy when I came home and noticed they added an additional tip to my credit card.  I had the matter corrected.  I really hate stuff like that.  I left a tip, the service was slow and our drinks were not refilled.  An additional $5 should have not been added to my card-beware of that.  Won't go here again.
1	I just got an email from a fellow yelper who ate a Sau Paulo and had the CFS.  The chef is still an idiot.
3	Breakfast is freaking expensive.  Something you can do at home will cost you $14 here.  That's what happened to me when I ordered the regular ol' eggs, sausage patty & potatoes breakfast.  Sure they give you a lot of food for breakfast, but it better be considering what they're charging.The service was also pretty damn slow.  The waitress was nice and all, but she comes across somewhat fake and insincere.  Too bad our Buffet of Buffets pass ended already so we had to go someplace close for breakfast since we were staying at the Rio.
3	It was a decent breakfast here, I didn't have any complaints with my blueberry pancakes.  They put tons of blueberries in the batter which I dig!  I hate it when you go somewhere and they put like 6 blueberries in your pancake.  Don't have to worry about that here thou.  The portions were big, not massive and overwhelming, but you get a full plate of food for sure.The server was very attentive and kept our waters and coffee mugs filled.  The food was brought out pretty quickly too.  The price was a tad bit high, but it's pretty much what one should expect from a breakfast joint inside a casino.
2	NOTES:1. Overpriced2. Serves breakfast foods only3. Fast service - when it's not busy4. Food is alright5. Service is standardDon't get the HEALTHY START. I got that with Spinach and Smoked Salmon... and THEY COOKED THE SALMON! It's already smoked... why cook it so more... call it Fried Salmon then!  The omelet did not have ANY flavor. The brand muffin that came with it was good.Ambiance: It was there since I had a convention there. So it felt like a Denny's.The Cafe Mocha was good. Overall... don't go here.
4	Expensive, but they give you lots of free time to enjoy the meal and the "day after" Las Vegas evening chatter.
4	Great place for breakfast (bacon, eggs, potatoes, etc.).  Excellent service.
2	Meh. Again. Much like the rest of the Rio... Not terrible food. Not the best. Overpriced. Decent service. ...and that's about it.
1	Gross! The food was like bad school cafeteria food. Have american grille come in and make the food!
5	the place for our traditional Breakfast and Keno!Been coming here for YEARS! GOOD SERVICE,GOOD COFFEE.btw, Having a Diamond card has its benefits!
2	Just a slightly more expensive breakfast place. The food was so so. I ordered the bacon cheese burger. It came with fries.  The burger was so so. Nothing really stood out about it. It was not bad but it could have been a little bit more moist. The bread they used was pretty good though. I would make the extra few steps to the burger king on the other side of the building.
1	Located in the RIO hotel, the menu said "homemade corned beef and hash".  I went with it with eggs up.  The meal was disappointing because there was really no way to say it was homemade and that it wasn't any better than out of a can.  It appears what they do is take chunks of corned beef and put it into a food processor to make it like hamburger.  They mix in some diced potatoes and then saute.  They don't make it crispy, so it's got a consistency of oatmeal.  The flavor was okay and I can tell it was real brisket ground up, but the presentation and texture was just so far from "homemade" that I had to tell the waitress they need to remove that homemade label on the menu. My previous reviews indicate I should have gone someplace else, but I had no time to drive someplace and I didn't want to do the buffet... I should have done the buffet.
1	This place is your typical average hotel/casino coffee shop.  Nothing spectacular and overpriced.  The hash brown I ordered was pretty burnt and the bacon was way too chewy.  My daughter ordered a plain bagel with cream cheese which was $4.00, and my friend got the yogurt parait which was $8.00, yikes!  The service was great and we didn't have to wait for a seat.  If you sign up for Total Rewards, you get discounted prices.  It's free and easy to join, just look for the booth in the casino.
2	Average food.  Slow service.
2	I had the New York steak rare with mashed potatoes. It's the same cut they use for breakfast. This is a no-frills place, so don't expect too much. Everything was edible, service was friendly but nothing extraordinary. It's one of the few places that was open in the Rio after the Penn and Teller show (very good btw), but by the end of the meal it was apparent that we should have searched more to find a late-night dinner.
2	I wish I could give this place more stars but- like everyone says its over price, slow service and the food is only ok. You are better off going to the Starbucks in the hotel and getting a muffin.
2	For breakfast, this is really the only place you can go at the Rio and they really take advantage of it. Prices are really high. You expect that for a Vegas cafe but, I don't think it has ever been this high.  I had an omelette while my wife just had an english muffin and one egg. We both had coffee and it came out to be $30. The food and service was good but, I don't like having limited choices. There is no food court at the Rio where you can get an inexpensive breakfast. If we come back to the rio, I think we'll go next door to Gold Coast for a better breakfast value.
1	Food was decent and our waitress was very good, but on a 4 person bill they couldn't handle taking cash for 2 parties and the last 2 parties splitting the bill between 2 credit cards. Been over 72 hours and still waiting for the refunds to come through. Only explanation we were given is if there are too many forms of payment the system locks up. Don't believe that one, we are the 1st party of that size to pay that way in Vegas?
1	You may be familiar with the term food porn. That's when your little buddies post pictures of restaurant dishes on Facebook. Food at the Sao Paulo cafe at the Rio definitely falls into the snuff porn category.None of my friends were able to finish the food, because it was so horrible. We only ate there, because we had a conference meeting in the hotel and no time to look for food outside.
1	Typical Diner food, typical diner quality.   I had to return my first order of soft boiled eggs cause they were cooked wrong.   I changed it for scrambled, which looks like it came from a large vat of precook end eggs.  Gross.   The next day I ordered eggs Benedict,...BY far the grossest I have ever had.   Wouldn't ever eat here again.
3	Good, Stick-to-your-ribs foodProsSolid foodConsQuestionable service Obscene wait times during lunch/dinner hoursA bit over-priced but hey, that's VegasGood gut-busting food. The country fried steak and gravy hit the sweet spot of full and sleepy and happy. The gravy was rich and thick. I ordered coffee and they left a hot pot at the table. Nice touch.There was a customer who left, complaining that one of the waiting staff made a smart-ass comment. I'm not sure if this is symptomatic of Sao Paolo or the Rio (I'm never staying there again), but my server was very nice. If I find myself stuck at the Rio again (please, God, no!) I'll definitely consider going back to Sao Paolo.
5	Had breakfast here this morning. The service here was excellent. Great coffee, and orange juice. The huevos rancheros was incredible. My server suggested adding the Portuguese sausage on top. Wow what a good idea. Delicious!!! Ill be back in the morning.
4	After.pricing room service, we made the trip down to the cafe, we had great service and the food was wonderful! On ended back end, but a peaceful break in the rush of Vegas...
