3	Damn you Old Navy, why do my friends find so much great stuff here and when I shop here, I can't find anything! I took Lauren shopping there recently, and she had the same problem I do - the cute stuff that we find just doesn't fit well. She did find some great tanks for layering but nothing else. However, I have found a couple of cute sweaters for  Izzy dog... so I'll keep trying.
4	I really like Old Navy for basics like yoga capris, tshirts, tanks and the like.  I typically order online and take advantage of free shipping and no people, but this store is fine when I have a tshirt emergency.  Located towards the back of the Blakeney shopping center, parking is plentiful and well lit.  I browsed through last night with no real purchase in mind, but I just thought I would pop in and check what they had after a girlfriend texted me a picture of a cute sweater with cherries on it that she saw at another store.  This location didn't have the sweater, although they did have plenty of shorts out in February like all other retailers.  (it's currently 42 degrees outside as I type this).  I didn't find anything that I needed, but the store was clean and well-staffed with friendly employees.  This isn't my favorite Old Navy location as I never seem to have much luck here, but it's a solid store with good employees.
4	I LOVE me some Old Navy in the Summer...sun dresses, skirts, cute jeans and shorts and bright tops. I stopped in because Amy C. said they had a great selection of spring and summer dresses.And she was right...There were plenty of choices really cute flirty dresses tons of patterns, bright colors and floral prints. There were also some really cute denim shirts and bright "pop color" pants (which I'm becoming a huge fan of) now I'm getting really excited about Summer! One of the best things I noticed about this location; is that there were a ton of available sizes, and a good selection of workout gear! And the staff was awesome! They were all very friendly and made some great recommendations on how to match up different pieces for some great combinations that I never would have put together.Anyway, I left with some really cute outfits and I had a great experience. I will be back.
1	I'd reduced my number of visits to Old Navy stores over the past few years because the quality of their clothing, the styles they were offering, and the fit of the clothing has gradually gone downhill (much like its sister store The Gap). Now Old Navy has apparently given up on men ever coming to their stores because they've redesigned their store, reduced the clothing for men, and pushed the men's clothing to the VERY back into a small corner.  Thanks, Old Navy. Now I don't even have to bother coming in to see what crap you're offering any longer because I won't be coming in at all anymore.
