5	My first experience with them over the phone was horrible and it has soured me on them, even when others recommended them. However, one afternoon while doing yardwork I dislocated my knee and rather then end up in the hospital I chose to go to the urgent care. They got me in to see a dr instantly, they already had my information from when I had my children a few years prior so all I had to do was verify what had changed and that was all. I did very little talking or repeating of stories on what had happened. They got me on crutches and pain meds quickly and without giving me a hard time! Thank you Dignity Health!!!!!
1	Had to take my boyfriend there today as his diabetic levels were out of control and he was not able to get into his regular Doctor until Monday morning. WORST care ever! First if all the Doctor was discussing his levels at the front desk loud enough for everyone in the waiting room to hear. What happened to privacy laws? Secondly, he was back there so long that I was getting worried that he had gone into a coma. Everyone that had gone in before and after was checked out and gone. When he finally was checking out he asked them to write an excuse from work until Monday when he sees his Dr. You would have thought he was asking her to put him on disability! His levels were almost 400 and she was insisting he return to work tonight. Less than twelve hours later. When she finally wrote the note she put out until Monday or SOONER in giant letters and underlined! Seriously? Then when he asked if she could fax it to his work she said NO we can't because of privacy laws. He said you have my permission but she still refused. ( Guess the Dr. discussing his levels are less private than a note that says off work until Monday or SOONER!!)This was by far the worst medical facility I have ever delt with. I would not take my dog there!
1	They billed me for an emergency room visit and not an Urgent Care visit.  Shady and fraudulent.
5	Never had a problem here. They've been kind to both my son and I, and we are usually able to be seen quickly. It's probably the best urgent care I've been to, and I'm glad we have such a good option so close to home. Oh, and they once charged me $10 more than they were supposed to for the copay. I didn't even really notice, until I got the $10 check in the mail as a refund without me having to ask, so that was nice.
