4	Good for their simplicity, they have this cheapo little sandwich called a "skinny" that is just meat and bread.  Of course, if you want anything else on it they start jacking up the price, even for mayo or veggies.  Pretty good though for a quicky snack.
4	Now known as Milio's....different name, same sandwiches.  Yummy...and they deliver!  I dont' like pizza....so this is definitely my choice convenience food!  It sucks that they only includ lettuce and tomato...but the bread is great, which is key.  I love the Pilgrim's Pride.  They are pretty heavy on the mayo...so watch out.
4	Open late, delivers late, and high-quality. I'd never have gotten through my senior year without 'em.
4	heck yeah.I think the secret lies in the bread.  White or wheat, it'll disappear quickly.
4	I didn't eat at BIG mike's. I ate at Milio's. I don't know which location, but it was downtown in amongst the UW campus and State buildings. It was very cold that day, around 19 degrees. So, I will just post my review here. It was good! I had the Pilgrim. What a novel idea, keep the sandwich simple and make it good (why don't you learn something Subway!) I highly recommend Milio's, and I highly recommend very little.
4	Can you please move to San Diego? I went to UW and ate BIg Mike's a lot! The tuna is my favorite. It's unlike any other tuna sub I've had from other chain sandwich shops. The bread is fantastic. Can't comment on the prices since I haven't eaten here in years.
3	you get what you expect from this sub place.
2	Ordered 2 sandwiches w/o tomatoes, when we opened them they had tomatoes and the bread wasn't fresh :(
2	When I thought about a review I would write for Milio's I thought 'Meh. I've experienced better.' Oh wait, that's Yelp's 2 star indicator.Well, it's true, I have experienced better - it reminded me of a Jimmy John's copycat. Except the bread was what they give away as 'day old'. I tried the #8 Big Steer and the meats and cheeses used seemed fresh. It was pleasant to eat - but I should be using adjectives like yummy, tasty, scrumptious, and even finger lickin'. But this meal was more or less fulfilling my need to not starve. It was a means to an end.I do have to congratulate Milio's for their advertising campaign through their countless billboards along the beltline. I knew it was only a matter of time until I stopped in to see why I deserved a Milio's sandwich. It did it's job, it got me to come in, well done.I won't be returning anytime soon. Oh, and this specific location was doing construction to their floor tiling, not only did I trip on the floor mat that was laying disheveled on the floor but so did the two customers that came in after me. What a lazy job they were doing in there.
3	Sssslllloooowwww....You'll never be disappointed in the food. I've never had a sandwich that was below expectations. Ordering online is an issue, though. Three online orders and they're one for three on getting that sandwich delivered in less than 40 minutes, and I only live 6 blocks away. On one particular order, when I called after 30 minutes, they admitted to completely neglecting the online order printout they get.I've resigned myself to the fact that, if I want Milios, I'm going to get in the car and drive there and back. This alone will likely take half the time than ordering online.
2	Great bread!  But I wish the sandwiches were a little bigger.  I got the wheat sub roll with meal deal and it disappeared too quickly...left me hungry!  I guess I'll try the french bread next time.  Maybe it's a little bigger.
4	Ended up here after shopping at the nearby co-op and just wanted something quick to eat. I ordered a chicken and bacon sub (I don't remember the name) and while it was nothing to be blown away by, the ingredients tasted fresh and the size was perfect to satisfy my lunch cravings. The staff were super friendly and genuine. Perhaps my only criticism is that there is no seating to wait/eat but the service was fast anyway so it was no big deal. Will definitely return in the future.
4	I stopped at this Milios in downtown Madison for a quick supper. Ordered a milios classic for take away. I go home and half way through my sandwich realized there is no smoked ham in it ( as promised ). I called and the manager quickly apologized and offered the next sandwich free! How was the hamless sandwich? Apart from the subjective disappointment of a step down, it was a good turkey sandwich!Looking forward for a classic sandwich next time!
5	I LOVE Milio's. They're for sure my go to sub shop. The delivery range is kind of small so I've never been able to get delivery and can't attest to the speed of that. The pick up is always ready by the time I get there though. I can't remember a time where my order was messed up, but I can't say for certain it hasn't happened. If it has, it hasn't been often enough or much of a hassle.I used to go to Jimmy John's all the time and thought of Milio's as the lesser version. Man was I wrong. The quality here is much better. I love the bread. The perfect amount of soft insides and hard crust. Occasionally the end is a little harder than I like, but it's not too often. I really recommend getting the bread left in. I find not doing so to be a bit lacking. I can understand the other reviewer's complaints about it not being enough.They also give you plenty of guacamole! I always feel like other places are a rip off with the amount they give.Also try the cookies! I love the White Chocolate Chip Macadamia Nut. They're always soft and fresh.
