5	I got a haircut yesterday at Boxers, and I actually woke up this morning thinking that my hair still looks good (which doesn't happen too often).  I've run the gamut with barbers and salons (SF, NYC, LA, DC), and this is definitely one of the best haircuts and service that I've received.  I'm very happy with this find -- in downtown Phoenix and open until 7 pm, so I can get a haircut after work and then head across the street to Seamus McCaffrey's for a beer.Adrian took care of me, and he did a great job.  Plus, he was easy to chat with, he was willing to give advice on hairstyles, and he seemed to enjoy his work. The haircut and shampoo was $30.  And yeah, that's a little pricey for a normal haircut, but Adrian gave me a great scissor cut, and he used a razor to thin out my hair and define my eyebrows (which was a new experience for me).  Adrian also used a razor to shave my neck AND my upper back (and that's worth at least an extra $5 right there).
5	Was in the area on business/pleasure and happened to be in need of a haircut (not in dire need, mind you, but I could certainly use a trim)....  so anyway, a friend recommended this place and I was taken care of by Adrian, who btw, did a fantastic job on the haircut, never mind the fact that he was quick to make sure I had my drink of choice by my side (very cool). Definitely not your father's barber shop (I mean, what barber has a pool table where you can play while you wait?).... very down to earth & friendly, this place is a full service men's salon.I had a haircut which was followed by a straight razor shave on the back of the neck and a little bit of wax on the eyebrows for a touch up (which was an unexpected first for me, but a welcomed one at that).Overall I would have to say this place is definitely worth traveling a bit further than you normally would consider for getting your haircut....  not that I would jump on a plane specifically for going there, but then again I've been known to do stranger things.  lol
5	I know I should let Dominic Review this but.....Great place from a girls point of view.Nice fun waiting area. Kinda casual sophisticated. Friendly staff, minus the blond receptionist that took pictures of herself while we were there. Dom got a cut and a hot towel, oh yeah and a beer. They offer drinks and he didn't pay anything extra.There was an empty chair and the gal let me and Lennon sit and chat while she was cutting. Big salons have a frown for having your company sit and wait. Sorry for getting girl all over your manly barber place. You probably will see us there again, I have recommended it to many guys already.and yes I nursed there.We walked there on a Thursday afternoon. Me Dom and Lennon.
4	I have used these guys a few times in the past - used to office around the corner.Nice place, pool table, wine/beer while you wait, and professional stylists. They take walk-in's too.Definitely worth your time if you are in the neighborhood. (afterwards you can check out Seamus McCaffrey's Irish Pub across the street)
5	Worth every penny. I discovered this business by chance, and I'm glad I did. I enjoy a difficult haircut, and I had grown accustomed to sub par results. My experience is with the employee Adrian Romaine, and I recommend his service to anyone in need of superior performance. You'll pay more for the service, but the overall value can't be beat!
5	I am from out of town, and I found this place via Yelp.  The reviews don't lie.  Great service. I was super happy with how it turned out!  Plus, they offer you beer or wine! who can pass that up?  They also offer a whole bunch of other services including shaves.  If you don't mind paying a little extra this place is totally worth it.  I spent $30, but would you really rather get your hair cut at Great Clips?
5	adrian!!!he's the man
4	I found this place through Yelp and I was very happy with the service. Adrian is very nice, a great stylist and he's attentive to his customers. I'm really not a salon guy and this place didn't feel intimidating or uncomfortable. A nice mix of barbershop friendliness and the haircut you actually want to get. I'll definitely be going back.One downside to the free drinks: pay attention to where you put them down. Adrian brought over a little table to hold my beer and one of his colleagues accidentally knocked it over into my lap! Everyone was very apologetic and I got half off the haircut, which seems fair. But after that we kept the beer a little farther out of reach.
4	I was turned on to this place by one of their barbers, Pete. So I stopped by and was really impressed. Place was very big inside and I didn't have to wait at all. My appointment was at 3pm and when I walled in Pete was there waiting for me. I was offered a complimentary beer during my haircut and that was a great touch. My haircut was great, Pete took his time to give me a good cut, unlike some places where they try and break world records on how fast they can cut your hair... I got a hot towel on my face while and was totally relaxed. I didn't have the time to check out the rest of what they offer there, but I was told the do, pedicures, manicures, waxing and massages... nice place for a man to get away for a good ol' fashion haircut. Parking was a little rough...but I found one with only having to circle the block once. Just now sure how it's going to work if I am there more then an hour since you can only pay for an hour at a time at the metered parking.
5	I've lived in New York and LA..both major cities with lots of good hairstylists. This is by far the best hair cut I've ever had. I actually took pictures afterwards in order to show to my stylist in DC. The environment is ok but could be even classier. It's a guy's guy kind of place--with foozball table and a pool table. I didn't partake of the beer or wine but it's always a good idea. Julie, the owner, is amazing and followed my instructions but, more importantly, she improvised based on my requests. I have some...er, um...thinning hair on top and Julie did a great job giving me a haircut which didn't accentuate that. I'd fly back in to Phoenix just to go here.
5	Guys, go there...just go there.
5	I actually finally signed up on yelp just to review this place.  Probably the easiest and best haircut I've had in recent memory.Adrian took care of me.  Great guy, listened to what I wanted and suggested some other things that I would never have thought of.  Easy, enjoyable, and got a great cut.It is a bit pricey, but you could pay 20 at some cookie cutter place and get half the experience.
5	I love this place, just noticed my review was removed. Does anyone know where I can check that?
1	Second worst haircut I have ever had! Not a joke. I specifically remember the worst haircut I have ever had and this one is the closest yet.  I just moved here from Chicago so $30 for a hair cut did not bother me. What bothered me was that my stylist completely ignored the one simple instruction I gave him.I am not sure what kind of atmosphere they are going for but I felt uncomfortable the whole time. I felt ignored and rushed, which was not all bad cuz I didn't really want to talk to any of the standard Phoenix phonies that were in the place. Plus, once I realized what had happened to my head, I wanted to get home and put on a hat ASAP!I don't think I will ever try this place again. I don't mind paying $30 for a good hair cut but this place is not worth the risk. It would also be a different story if I thought my stylist had actually tried to give me what I wanted as opposed to rushing me out. I really don't get why this place has such high marks from its other patrons.
5	This place is as good as it gets. You get a beer when you walk in, a TV to watch when getting your hair cut, and nice people to chat with if you want to talk. You usually get in at the time of your appointment, and if you need a haircut immediately they can usually fit you in. I always get a nice hair cut.
5	Great men's salon!  I love the haircut!
5	I have been coming here since moving back from college in 2002. I love everything about this place; the complimentary beverages, the warm shaving cream neck shave, the attention to each persons haircut, but especially the people who work there. Julie my stylist and salon owner has been cutting my hair 9 years. Does amazing work and is a real sweetheart. Adrian another exceptional stylist does equally amazing. If your looking for a nice to place to look your best, definitely check out Boxers!!
5	I would like to inform everyone that Boxers has officially closed the doors, I want to give thanks to all my clients that have made my job fun. Boxers was always my home away from home and I'm going to miss it dearly. I will miss guys hanging out, playing pool, and sipping on a cold one while they wait for their appt. I want to let everyone know that I may of closed the doors but I have not stop cutting hair, I am now operating out of Downtown Salon Phx. It's two blocks down from Boxers 101 east Monroe, please call to make appt  with me 602 253 1879. Hope to hear from ya soon!  Julie
