4	Always predictable, value menu always good.
4	Always purchases from the dollar menu.  Fast service and hot food, can't beat that.
1	No one should EVER be able to sit in the drive-thru and write a review on Yelp while waiting for their order! There is no GOOD reason why it's taking this long. My goodness! And don't just throw my food and money at me! And these cold ass fries! Im so glad I dont eat this bs any more! Holy cow!
4	Nothing wrong with this restaurant. I mean it's McDonald's... pretty consistent and everyone was great!
1	It is 1:30 am Fri just went to this location and bought crispy premium chicken sandwich and large fries. First I got large fries to see if it was fresh or not. Not fresh at all, tasted like it was day old. I know it was fried at least 20 min ago, not crispy or hot. Totally tasted like it was sitting out under a warmer for 30 min. Took few bites and that was it. Just to save few bucks you guys lost a late night customer. Now on to the crispy chicken sandwich. Chicken tasted like it was out like the fries, overly dry and fried like it was second time. Again dry. There are many better places down the road with better quality food. Never going back.... at least late night. As you can see I hardly write a review but this was soo disappointing that I felt i had to. :(
3	Okay, I have a some rules. Fast food places cannot earn Four Stars. My logic is somewhat simple and straight forward; it's  due to their uniformity and universal blandness. How can one Mickey D's, be better than another or differentiated?  Close you eyes and tell me where you are. Try it sometimes. That said, this one is real close to being Four Stars. The folks behind the counter, Patti and Maria in particular are all very nice. They will go out of their for you and seem to really like their jobs.  WowI come here a couple of mornings each week, not for the Egg McMuffin or Big Breakfast; but to order two egg whites. That's right, egg whites. They're only $0.98 each, and they'll allow you to substitute them on any sandwich for free. Throw in a coffee and you'll be out the door for less than four bucks. Nice!It UR on a diet, or just want to eat healthier, I would highly recommend it.  So "A-Okay", bordering on "yes, I'm a Fan"
1	The morning manager was rude and didn't like being "bothered". Hash browns were cold when they were given to me and the women's bathroom is infested with ants! Counted at least ten ants in one stall alone!! Health code issue right there. I will not be coming back.
