2	Meh.  Pretty forgettable subs.  Jimmy John's and Milio's are better options for delivery.
3	Its hard to mess up a sandwich so getting 3 stars means their subs are pretty on point.  The sandwiches they have are nothing special but they have a good selection and their delivery is usually pretty timely.The best part about Silver Mine is their broccoli cheddar soup though.  It definately hits the spot on a cold day.
3	What's to say? It's basically like something you could make it home if you wanted to take the time which I can't say for Subway or Milio's unique flavors. That is what makes it good(and also bad) to some. That said -- it's cheap delivery subs and it's a nice option to mix up the normal delivery options.
2	For a sub place, there are certainly better (Cousin's) and there are certainly worse (Subway). That said, I like to think Silver Mine falls in the middle. It's pretty much on par with places like Jimmy John's, Milio's, and Potbelly's (which is different from the other two, but about the same quality-wise).The place itself is relatively clean and there's a standard amount of choices. The meats taste pretty fresh and it's all pretty cheap subs. Taste is pretty run of the mill.My real complaint lies in the bread--it's OK, but nothing spectacular. And there's no choices aside from white or wheat. To be fair, I'm pretty sure Jimmy John's, etc. are the same way, but at least their bread is just amazing. Silver Mine's is meh.Overall, not a bad place. They've got some pretty decent deals and they're pretty standard, nothing to write home about.
4	Here's the thing about Silver Mine Subs.  The delivery is so fast it will make your head spin.  Like, crazy fast.  Fast enough that you maybe are still hanging up the phone and suddenly there's a man at your door handing you a delicious sandwich.Also, it's cheap. Not cheap like, "I'm going to question the quality of this..." but cheap like, "Hey,$7.50 for a sandwich, chips, pickle, drink and a cookie? That sounds awesome!"Sure, Jimmy John's has that certain je ne sais quois, but their delivery range is not nearly so vast.  Neither is their menu.
1	Serves up nasty, soggy sandwiches made with extremely questionable ingredients. Last time I ordered from here I spent most of my day fighting a stomachache. I finished half of my sandwich and went for the rest 2 days later, only to find that all of it was already turning into a gooey brown lump. I tried feeding it to the ducks instead but even they wouldn't touch that shit.Basically the meat is obscenely greasy, the cheese is fatty and flavorless, the bread is always wet as if it were dipped in water or something (I really hope it's not fat, but it just might be), and the veggies are processed garbage. You're much, much better off ordering Jimmy John's or Milios if you're looking for a delivery sub. Way fresher and in the case of JJ's it arrives twice as fast.
1	I had 7 past deliveries from Silver Mine and now I'm out of their range.... When I call and ask where my food is an hour later, the phone girl rudely states that I'm out of range and can have a pickup order if I would like.  If I wanted to drive and get food, I would go somewhere with much better food than Silvermine Subs, the only reason I order from you is your delivery service so I see no reason to continue patronizing your business.  Thanks for the crappy sandwiches!!!!!  (apparently they did call from a number that wasn't their listed # to try to tell me they wouldn't take the delivery, but when I called said # nobody answered so how was I to know?)
4	I would estimate that I order from Silver Mine no less than three times a week. Old habits die hard, so consider me Bruce Willis. No, not the ridiculously creepy version of Willis played by Joseph Gordon Levitt in Looper, but the John McClane version. I've had good results going with the Cripple Creek, basically a chicken-bacon-ranch. I've also tried the Silver Ploom (good), and the Tombstone if I'm feeling like a lighter meal. All in all, I can't say I've ever regretted spending money at "The Mine," and I'll continue to do so. The people working there are always friendly, and the delivery speed is always pleasantly surprising. 4/5 from me.
4	All these poor reviews are so confusing! Though I've never actually been to their restaurant, I've gotten delivery from Silver Mine every week for the past month or so, and each time has been a great experience. They deliver until 3 am which is pretty awesome for me since I work nights.I've tried three different subs: the Georgetown (turkey and avocado deliciousness), Coeur d'Alene (your basic French dip) and Dodge City. The Dodge is by far my favorite, especially since I have a weakness for Italian meats and oil + vinegar.All in all the subs are worth the money, I'll definitely keep going back.
3	Decent subs, but nothing to get all excited about.  Average ingredients, decent prices.  They have a handful of different combinations on their menu which I can appreciate.
5	Best sub delivery in Madison! They are always fast and fresh. The subs are delicious! I have never been disappointed in Silver Mine. I've dined in once and had a lovely experience, as well. The prices are very reasonable. A large box lunch makes for 2 meals and only costs a little more than ten bucks. The workers and delivery drivers are always friendly. I order from the downtown location several times per week.
5	Avocado veggie sub is fantastic, really quick delivery
5	I love Silver Mine Subs! They have a big selection, all there ingredients are fresh, they are open late, and they deliver faster than any other place that offers delivery! I have ordered from them at least 4 or 5 times and have never had any issues.
