5	I was referred by a friend to this shop and it was a great experience.  Kevin is honest and only takes care of what needs to be done while giving you updates along the way.  My local oil change shop mentioned that my front and rear brakes needed to be replaced, so I had planned on getting a second opinion and having the work done elsewhere.  After inspection, Kevin told me the rear brakes still had a lot of life left on them and only needed a cleaning and adjustment.  It is people like this that will keep me coming back.  Thanks!Brad
5	Kevin Payes is an automotive genius. He is up front honest and fair. He got me in same day and finished the work by the time I got back from the runners expo.I told him I didn't have enough time and he said he would work on it as soon as they got the parts. By the time I dropped the car off he said the parts were already on their way and as soon as they arrived he would work on the car!!!!Like I said, superior work, reasonable price, great guy! If I didn't live in California, Kevin would definitely be my mechanic!Kudos to Kevin and the whole shop.
5	Awesome guys, (and gals).  I am a neighboring shop and anytime i need anything or have a question they help without question.  the shop is always busy and i've only heard good things from their customers.  Kevin is a really nice guy.
5	Kevin and his team are up front , honest and do great work. I have had issues with vehicles that nobody else seem to be able to fix, that kevin was able to find and solve in no times. I would recommend anyone that is looking for good honest work to go to this shop. As good as it gets.
5	We have been working with Kevin and his company for fixing some of Tru Cab and Tru Limo's vehicles for over a year now. He does excellent work and is very reasonable on pricing and has been known to even work weekends to get our vehicles fixed to get back on the road ASAP.His facility is a bit far from us but he is that good that we will send our vehicles over there for repairs when we are unable to do them ourselves. I've heard great things about his fleet program as well but due to their location it's tough for us to send cabs out there for oil changes, but if his location is even somewhat convenient for you I would recommend to give him a shot.
5	These guys are great and know there stuff! Thanks agin, the lift looks great!
