5	Seriously, Rachelle knows what she's talking about. Her staff is super friendly. I felt super comfortable. I have long hair and she only cut the ends just like I requested. She's great!  I recommend her to the world.
5	I love Rachelle, I have been seeing her for years, and she is the only person that I trust to color dark black Asian hair and making it look modern but natural. The salon has a great look very hip with the cool vibe. She worked on many of Brides and my sisters hair for weddings! SHE IS FANTASTIC!
5	Amazing! I have used Rachelle for updating my look and she is always helpful, creative and caring. She has made me look amazing every time. I have used her as my regular stylist as well as requested her for out of the ordinary events. She has given me a fauxhawk, pin up hair and sexy bangs! I have always left her chair happy.
5	Rachelle did my sister's wedding, and she did a phenomenal job with our hair and makeup.  I believe she went above and beyond  her job to accommodate us.  She truly has a gift.  I felt like after she did my makeup, my face was transformed, and she did this by hand, not by airbrush.  I wish she lived near me so I could go to her as I please, but I'm not that blessed.  If you live near where she works, you're truly blessed, and you should not take her for granted.
5	Rachelle was the makeup artist and hair stylist for my wedding and also did it for my bachelorette party a couple of days before the ceremony. She came prepared with a wide variety of supplies and not only did she do my hair and makeup the morning of the wedding but she did the same for all five bridesmaids, two flower girls, and my mother-in-law, all while working diligently under pressure. She maintained an air of professionalism while still being accessible and very down to earth, a very rare trait for someone in her field in my experience. She answered a lot of questions I had about makeup and hair while she was working on me and spoke very passionately about her work during our conversation.She put false eyelashes on me and used an airbrush to apply liquid foundation. My makeup lasted all day long and looked amazing both in person and also in photographs. My hair (which is notoriously difficult to keep curled) also stayed curled all day long. Not having to worry about my hair and makeup gave me the confidence to enjoy my wedding day and focus on the things that really mattered.I highly recommend Rachelle. She is easy to communicate with, a joy to be around, and will go above and beyond your expectations.
