3	I really love the Dr's. here. They are really friendly and actually take the time to explain whats going on. They are not in a huge rush to get back out the door. The reception staff not so much. They called the day before our scheduled appointment and asked if we wanted to come in 1 hr earlier. We said yes and when we get there they act like they have no idea why we where there early. So when its finally time to see the Dr. you have already waited a full hour. That's the bad, and I hate to wait. It's like they don't give a crap about YOUR time.
5	I began my day with a bleeding eye. That's alarming, to say the least. I called my optometrist & left a message that was promptly returned; however, she wasn't working today. So, one of my g.f.'s texted her optometrist- Dr. (Brian) Miller- while I covered the bases & called his office to schedule an emergency appointment. The woman I spoke with was a consummate professional & scheduled me in- though I'd never stepped foot in there before- around an appointment I already had. Seriously, that's remarkable. I pride myself on giving top-notch customer service but even I would've been like "listen, lady, YOU'RE the one with the bleeding eye, do you want to see a doc or not!?" Let's just say, I was glad I could have my eyebrows threaded 1st. Anyway, the wait time was minimal & everyone working there was very pleasant. & Dr. Miller was upbeat, has a sense of humor & is simply a genuine kind of guy. He got me sorted out & I was on my way in no time... & there was no eye amputation today [wink]. More than anything, I appreciate Advanced Eyecare being open on Saturday & for getting me in so quickly & without question. All of this even prompted my designated driver to declare she too was impressed & will gladly make the 25min drive to use them. Thank you, Dr. Miller!
5	Dr. Mark Miller and Dr. Brian Miller are the best! My son and I have been seeing them for years and they always listen to my concerns or questions.  They have such a great selection of designer eyewear, both glasses and sunglasses. The staff is always friendly and they have such advanced technology equipment.
5	A very nice office.  Brian Miller and his staff are very nice and helpful and make you feel right at home.  I highly recommend them if you have any eye care needs.
5	I love the Dr and the staff. Remember though, if your insurance is shit, like mine, it's not their fault. The clinic is very professional. I love going there.
5	Very impressed with this office and staff. I was able to make an appointment and get in within a week. They worked with my insurance and had it all figured out before my appointment. The Dr took extra time with me talking about my allergies and what my options are. I will definitely be coming back next year.
3	Dr.Miller and his staff is the best.
5	I've been seeing Dr. Brian Miller for over 20 years now. I'm cursed with the most awful eyesight - legally blind even - and Dr. Miller always makes me feel comfortable and not embarrassed about the fact that I always answer the letters in question marks (E G H T Ooo???). The Millers and their accompanying staff are SO AMAZING that I now live in Denver, Colo. but continue to come back to Las Vegas to get my yearly exam. I cannot recommend Advanced Eyecare enough.
5	Going to the Eye Doctor can be a pleasant experience! The Doctors and the staff are so nice and friendly to work with at Advanced Eyecare.  They even helped save my vacation. I was in Laguna Beach and broke a contact and had no extra. I called the office not wanting to wear my glasses for the rest of my holiday. They had exactly what I needed and overnighted a new contact to my hotel. Thanks for saving my trip!!!!!
5	I come from Chicago to see the Millers. Yup, you read it right. They are that good. My family (who also lives across America) continue to come back to Advanced for the professional service and thorough, comprehensive exams. I feel the Millers offer products I can not find at other eye care providers. I always get my gas perm contacts colored to make my eyes "look like a Huskie dog" (my words). I have always received the perfect color- and plenty of compliments! They have a SPEC-tacular selection of frames as well! Highly recommended!
5	Dr. Brian Miller is simply the best optometrist ever!  He caught a retinal tear in my eye before it got worse.   His staff was on top of it by getting me in with a retinal specialist immediately that day.  I've also been getting my eyes checked with Dr. Brian Miller for 12 years now!  He is a wonderful optometrist and really cares about all his patients.   His staff sanitizes all the equipment in front of you, which is a big deal and they provide great personable customer service.  Support your locals!
5	I've been going to this place for about 4 years now. The staff is always professional and helpful. The Millers are good peolpe and good at their job.
5	I've been a patient of Dr. Brian Miller for almost 20 years. He is an excellent doctor and he really cares about his patients. He always takes extra time to explain everything in detail and I never feel like I'm being rushed out of the office. He's always very prompt and on time with appointments too, and that's important to me. His office staff is very friendly and professional. I've had nothing but great experiences at Advanced Eyecare.
3	I have been here off and on for years, only coming for check ups and the odd 'accidentally stabbed myself in the eye with a needle' appointment. I have never had a problem with them, they keep their appointments and call you back in a timely manner. The staff has never been anything but nice and informative.
5	Being a military spouse, I've been to a lot of eye doctors all over the country and I can't recommend Advanced Eyecare enough.  My family has seen Dr. Brian Miller for the last 2 years and not only is he warm and gracious with me but he's also great with my kids.  The office staff is polite and I'm always seen on time.  I like that I can schedule my kids and myself for our yearly appointments all at the same time and we still get seen in a timely manner.
5	I recently moved to Las Vegas and located Advanced Eyecare on Yelp. My first appointment went exceptionally well. The front desk staff were very pleasant and worked efficiently to ensure patients were seen in a timely manner. I was impressed by the technical staff and the state of the art equipment. The doctor, Rory Murphy, was excellent. I was impressed not only by his professional background but by his customer orientation. I will definitely be making them my eye care provider.
5	Absolutely fantastic eye doctor. Dr Brian Miller was great.  His staff was very nice and courteous.  Glad to finally find a good eye doctor in vegas.
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Brian Miller for 10 years and I would never go any where else. Dr. Brian Miller is very easy to connect with and he never rushes and explains everything to me so I understand what my vision issues are. He has a wonderful caring attitude and I trust him completly. If you are loking for a excellent Doctor look no further he's the BEST!
5	Both Brothers are really professional and courteous. And the girls that fit you with the classes are really funny and patient withe the clients while choosing your classes. I now live in California but I am planning a visit to Vegas for more glasses and sunglasses.
5	The doctors and staff were professional, thorough, and a pleasure to work with. I highly reccomend Advanced Eyecare.
5	The staff is friendly and Dr, Mark is awesome!  I have been a customer for 2 years and am will be returning from my next eye check up.
5	All these 5-star ratings are spot on, Dr's Brian and Mark are super! Knowledgeable, friendly and never in a rush. Plus both are excellent for either ophthalmology or eye related medical issues. Staff is always friendly too. Appointments most often are on time, though like any medical office they can get a bit behind if they've had emergencies that day. My only "ding" is i wish they had a better selection of frames, but they're kind of maxed out on space. And they're are tons of other places to buy glasses anyway. My family has been with them for years and very happy to stay right where we're at!
5	So, I stopped in for my annual check-up. The Dr. (Brian Miller) saw something that he didn't like, and scheduled a second appointment. In both cases, the Dr. and the staff were VERY professional. Dr. Brian Miller took all of the time that I needed to understand his concern. He spoke at a level that I could understand and presented my options. I asked, If I were your family member, what would you suggest? I was very pleased that he answered honestly and without hesitation. The office and equipment are state of the art, you're going to love it here.
