4	I wish this restaurant had a website or that I had taken more photos of the interior.Reminded me of a teahouse in Paris- beutiful iron tables, wooden ceilings and great artwork on walls.Highly recommend coming with a good book or laptop and pair with a croque monsieur and bottomless coffee.This street is off the beaten track- definitely worth a wander.
5	Rarely I give 5 stars ... But with a perfect service, a genuine atmosphere free of stress, a live piano, natural light, local art and perfect food ! The food was perfect, I could not ask for more! A+
4	The carrot coconut cream soup was tasty, as was the risotto. Would definitely go back!
4	Since this cafe doesn't have a menu, I wanted to help in that department:They offer a few different types of salads (I remember one was a smoked salmon salad, another a hot chevre), three types of burgers (none of which were vegetarian, to my friend's disappointment), several types of sandwiches (my friend had the apple cheddar sandwich with pesto mayo; she gave it high marks!), and two croques: a monsieur and a veggie one. The menu has maybe 4-5 desserts, of which I remember reading about a chocolate souffle cake, a carrot cake, a pudding chomeur d'erable, and I believe it was either a panna cotta or a creme brulee.With the sandwiches, you get a choice of salad or fries or half of each. The salad was very fresh and perfectly dressed. I had the croque monsieur, which was fine, nothing special but at $10 (which included a big salad of lettuce, shredded carrots and shredded beets) it was totally fine.  The service was great---really attentive, and she let us linger without pressuring us to order anything more.I might not rush back for the food, as it wasn't something incredibly memorable, but it was a pleasant place to hang out, has a good vibe. I appreciate the friendly, neighborhood feel that the staff cultivate.
4	We specifically sought out this cafe last night for our last night in Montreal.  It lived up to everything the previous reviewers said -- great, casual food, good wine and beer, wonderful service and a real fabulous atmosphere.  We lived in Amsterdam for years and this cafe could have been transplanted from there.  In a fun neighborhood and just a great place to spend 2 or 3 hours.
5	Very cool place, i order la saucinette and was good, great service, I was so tempted to play the piano but didn't want ppl to run away lol
3	Nice place for a brunch. A bit expensive though and no pancakes!
4	Really nice place, friendly staff.I went there for a breakfast and wasn't disappointed.The food is good and fills you up properly for a day of activities!Would come back, I was told dinner is great there too, with live music and all!
4	The world needs more places like Cafe Les Entretiens. Simply delicious food in a laid-back, neighborhood-style place. Entretiens has a very nice retro space that looks like it wouldn't be at all out of place in Paris, without being at all kitschy or pretentious. When people wax nostalgic about their favorite old urban neighborhoods in the style of Jane Jacobs, they have places like this in mind. Halfway through our dinner, one of the other patrons sat down at their piano and serenaded the restaurant with sweet sweet music! Tres romantiqueThe food is delicious overall. I started out with the warm vegetable soup, which was simple yet satisfying, while my partner had the cold cucumber soup. I didn't care for the cold cucumber, but then again I can't help but compare all cold soups to gazpacho. Their osso bucco was rich and juicy on a bed of orzo pasta, practically melting right off the bone. Entretiens' carrot cake was one of the best I've ever tasted. This cafe is very reasonably priced, with all of the entrees below $20 and most wines at $30 or below.Entretiens is one of the best values in the Plateau neighborhood, and with a wonderful relaxed Montrealais atmosphere that is to die for. It won't be winning any Michelin stars, but it is well worth a visit if you're in the area.
5	I love that cozy place.Tradionnal american food with some sweet live music in the backgroundI always take their Burger and never been disapointed
