1	OMG!!  I went in to this Burger King thinking I was going to enjoy a quick bite.  Instead, I was ripped off.  I had chosen my meal from the menu and ordered it.  Silly me I thought the price on the menu board was the price I would be charged.  No!  Apparently you need to specify what size meal you want or the employees of this place are instructed to automatically charge you for the biggest size they offer!! outrageous!!!!  Stay away from any and all Burger King's, especially this one!!!
1	If I could give Burger King no stars I would. I used to love BK but they are skimping so bad now on the quality of there food it tastes like complete crap. I used to stop here on the way home from work and have a double whopper and frys. I really looked forward to it but not anymore. There food went from juicy and good to dried out garbage. I kept going thinking maybe it was just a fluke but it wasnt. It never got back to being what it used to be. Its just disgusting. The flavor has changed, the texture has changed, everything else good has changed. I am done with BK for good. Jack in the Box is always good and you they have a great selection of food. I think I will stick to Jacks from now on.
1	Another well executed breakfast sandwich only 3 problems. 1- where is the ham I ordered and paid for, 2- what happen to my egg, 3- and that's a half a slice of cheese on there! WTF !!! I hate fast food joints sometimes
1	Horrible customer service! I'm never going back!
3	As far as my expectations for a fast food burger place go, this location isn't that bad. I needed a place to let the kids let out some energy so the playground was it.I was pretty happy with the cleanliness of the playground and there is a hand sanitizer dispenser right by the playground door. This, I appreciate.It's a burger king, so really if it isn't a filthy mess it's pretty difficult to call it a disappointment unless something is really wrong. They got my order right (ordering for myself and 4 kids so it wasn't a simple one).I am curious though when burger king's prices began to creep up. Their marketing and decor seems to be trying to send me a message that they're a casual restaurant now instead of fast food. I appreciate the effort to elevate their image, but the food doesn't reflect that yet so let's put the whopper somewhere further below 4 bucks again, please? (I remember when they were a buck.)But, yeah, I can imagine that most fast food places only get reviewed when a customer is upset. I don't think this location deserves such a bad rap.
