2	It would be interesting to see what the sales receipts reveal about how many people eat at Gus's before 10pm versus how many get delivery (for a $5 fee) between midnight and 4am.  I don't think the pizza is very good at Gus's, so if you need middle-of-the-night chow, Geno's Cheesesteaks will deliver a freshly-made burger, chili fries, or a satisfactory pizza until 4am (Silver Mine Subs is cheaper and have a few decent sandwiches and deliver late too, but their cheesesteak is nowhere near as good as Geno's).  I see I've turned my review into the late night delivery wars-----it was inevitable, I guess.  Gus's will deliver beer to your door:  a 6-pack of PBR for $6.99 or Sierra Nevada for $9.99....
2	The first couple of times we ordered from Gus's the food was pretty good but the last two times it wasn't. Last time it was burnt and was barely edible and this time they got our toppings wrong and said I didn't tell them right, we didn't get a receipt on delivery to see what I told them..needless to say we probably won't be ordering from here again..
1	Not good at all. I heard from a co worker that they had good pizza and as a nyc boy I had to try it. The only the thing they got right was the size of the slice but that's it.We tried to order the Greek fries and the lady said they didn't have lemon juice and couldn't make them and before I could ask for them without it she snapped just fries. A little rude but it's all good. I just wanted food. So I ordered two cheese slices and my friend got pepperoni and sausage. It came out hot and fresh but also the crust was a little dark. I folded my slice and prepared to consume some great pizza. But as I took a bite from that slice it literally broke on half and the cheese slid off. Not very good. Me and my friend both agreed we could barely taste the sauce cause it was very bland. The pizza had no taste and was too greasy. I love a little grease like the next guy but this was dripping down my hand into the plate when i was eating it. I ordered two slices but only ate them because I didn't eat dinner. My friend didn't even finish his slices.Skip this place. While the place looked nice and was cool the food was not. Try Venezia's instead on mill. Such better pizza and service. They should lose the NY in there name cause that was not NY pizza.
5	Great new location, plenty of TVs and fast customer service. Pizza is delicious and wing style is unique. Good monthly deals offered for people nearby.
5	Being from New York, good pizza is hard to find outside of the state. Gus' is able to live up to the standards of somebody who enjoys New York style pizza. The service was excellent and very helpful. I would recommend this place to those looking for good quality pizza.
5	This is my first time coming here....I really am a fan of Gus' s pizza...The food is delicious and customer service is awesome.  Place is fast and very clean!! Hope you get to enjoy Gus' s pizza soon!!!
5	Here's the deal.  I've never actually been inside the restaurant itself and the food is not going to win any international awards or anything like that, but it's a 24 hour place and therefore, it gets five stars.  When you're coming down from your alcohol fueled night at ASU, call this place up and they will deliver you food.  Hands down they always have my back for this.  Pizza and wings are freaking delicious.  Can't really get this kind of food wrong when you're still awake and hungry at 5 am.
5	Their pizza isn't the best in the world but it's really good, their side dishes and salads are delicious and unique to the pizza restaurants in the area.  They also do 24 hour deliveries!!  Best marinara for dipping I've ever had, though, and their garlic knots are heavenly! We've only had delivery so I'm not sure about the diner itself, but ordering over the phone is always hassle free and their delivery drivers who graciously risk their lives to bring us our food are always friendly as well.  A+
1	Quite honestly the worst customer service experience I have ever had.  Not only did the manager stand within five feet of me as I leaned on the counter waiting for someone to acknowledge me, but when I finally did clear my throat and ask for help ( after four minutes, which I actually counted because three employees made eye contact with me and made a point of ignoring me so I started a timer on my phone)but when I told her I really would like to know how long until my food was ready so that I could plan on calling an uber.  I explained to her that the reason for this was that one of the members of our group had a few too many and wasn't feeling well so I needed to know if I should call a separate uber to take them home first or if our food would be ready soon since we had already waited twenty minutes.  Instead of answering our question she told me that since they weren't feeling well if they made a mess she would call the cops and we would all be arrested for graffiti.  I told her that was probably one of the dumbest things I had ever heard and I really was just trying to make sure that we would be able to get our food and still be able to get our friend home.  At this point she threatened to call the cops because she felt unsafe so I asked for a manager.  She told me that she was the supervisor so she was the closest thing they had to a manager at that time of night so any complaints I had could go directly to her and they weren't going anywhere beyond that. I told her I would be out of there as soon as my food was ready and I would like to know how long that would take.  Instead of answering me she stared at me while she called 911 and told them I had threatened to assault her.  The fact that I'm writing this review just an hour after this incident should tell you that this was completely false.  I will no longer be coming here and I sincerely hope that you don't either.  There are plenty of other places open this late that won't try to have you arrested for checking on your food that it simply isn't worth the attitude you get from the staff.
1	Quite honestly the worst customer service experience I have ever had.  Not only did the manager stand within five feet of me as I leaned on the counter waiting for someone to acknowledge me, but when I finally did clear my throat and ask for help ( after four minutes, which I actually counted because three employees made eye contact with me and made a point of ignoring me so I started a timer on my phone)but when I told her I really would like to know how long until my food was ready so that I could plan on calling an uber.  I explained to her that the reason for this was that one of the members of our group had a few too many and wasn't feeling well so I needed to know if I should call a separate uber to take them home first or if our food would be ready soon since we had already waited twenty minutes.  Instead of answering our question she told me that since they weren't feeling well if they made a mess she would call the cops and we would all be arrested for graffiti.  I told her that was probably one of the dumbest things I had ever heard and I really was just trying to make sure that we would be able to get our food and still be able to get our friend home.  At this point she threatened to call the cops because she felt unsafe so I asked for a manager.  She told me that she was the supervisor so she was the closest thing they had to a manager at that time of night so any complaints I had could go directly to her and they weren't going anywhere beyond that. I told her I would be out of there as soon as my food was ready and I would like to know how long that would take.  Instead of answering me she stared at me while she called 911 and told them I had threatened to assault her.  The fact that I'm writing this review just an hour after this incident should tell you that this was completely false.  I will no longer be coming here and I sincerely hope that you don't either.  There are plenty of other places open this late that won't try to have you arrested for checking on your food that it simply isn't worth the attitude you get from the staff.Update:  I tried to get ahold of management or the owner to tell them about this issue and have been repeatedly blown off.  If the story above is to long to read let me sum it up for you.  The customer service here is the worst I've ever seen and management doesn't care in the slightest.
1	Literally the worst fucking service of my life. Waited 2 hours for our pizza and when the guy came and delivered our WRONG order and we told him about it, he said, and I quote, "do you wanna wait another 2 hours?'What the literal fuck. And to top it all off, our pizza was cold AF.
