4	Mac Alpine's is an Original Soda Fountain.  Pretty sure it's the only one left in the city.  When you walk in you can sit on one of the stools at the original bar and one of the lovely folks there will make the drink or ice cream desert of your dream.  A fizz, an egg cream, a malt or even a simple Dr Pepper float.  You name it, they can make it.  The ice cream deserts rock in their simplicity.  There are some very cool original booths still left, and some extra seating in the back.  It's not a huge place by any means, but I've never had to wait for a table - even when they were a stop on the First Friday bus route.  Folks who came by acted like they were in a museum - just looking at all the cool stuff - some of which is for sale - and left.  They have NO idea what they were missing out on here.  The ONLY thing that makes the place not get 5 stars is that they don't offer french fries.  Their burgers are awesome - but without the fries, I stick more to their amazing BLT or their messy but good good egg salad.  Both of those go great with their potato salad - which I think is one of the best ever.  The absolute best part?  We had 2 meals, 2 flavored drinks and 2 deserts and it cost less than $25.  Bam baby.
3	This is the oldest operating soda fountain in the Southwest (from 1928!).  good jukebox ... and they have REAL phosphate sodas and malts (very very yummy!) ... as well as your typical soda fountain stuff (circa 1928-50's) ... It's cool as hell but I wish they would have restored the place rather than keeping it "as is" ... it's a little rugged from the years but very cute and REAL.  I gotta say ... it really is a MUST see for all!
4	The most authentic old-time soda shop experience in Phoenix.  Forget about that other place in Old Town...a mere youngster from the 50's.  Mac Alpine is the real deal.When you want a malt, this is the place to go with 6 scoops in your cup (with extra portion in the stainless steel shaker that they also give you).  The sandwiches are so-so and the ice cream is Thrifty...but the atmosphere is genuine retro with original coke signs and wooden booth seating. Great place to take kids or out-of-towners...and you can check out the cute antique store next door if you need to wait for a table
5	If there were 10 Stars, I would give it 10 stars!!!!!!  Thank you Thank you THANK YOU my dearest Junior for introducing me to MacAlpines!  This is My absolute favorite Place.  Walk In here, and feel like you have traveled back in time, so amazingly kept original!  Wooden Booths with a hat rack at each end, sooo cool!!  Eat their Mouthwatering food while you sing along to the coolest oldies overhead.   I must say my favorite meal is a tie between their Egg Salad and Chicken Salad Sandwich... mmmmmmmm... oh and their split pea soup!!!  Cocunut Egg Cream Soda!!!! AND THEY SERVE THRIFTY'S ICE CREAM!! THE BEST Banana Split you will find!   And you get to shop while you wait for your food! YES! 2 rooms filled with the neatest trinkets,a room filled with amazingly classy clothes/scarves/hats/pins, a phone booth, furniature, You will want to buy it all.  You MUST check this place out.
3	I had a really hard time picking how many stars to give it.  On the one hand, it gets 5 stars for the look and feel of the place, the phosphate soda and shake that made me wish I could expand like a tick, the jukebox and the chance to find cool shit to buy while you're eating (there's a chair there that WILL be mine, as soon as I move.  If any of you jerks go buy it before then, I'll come find you and claim what's mine).On the other hand, my son and I each had a terrible, terrible hamburger and an extremely disinterested waitress.  The burger was so overdone, and i would bet a lot of money that it had been microwaved, based on the speed with which it was served and the taste.  So for now, Mac Alpine, you get 3 stars.  But I'm so enchanted with the idea of you, that I'll be back.  Maybe not to eat, but to enjoy a shake/phosphate/ice cream soda with a book?  You betcha.  Since the kid was here with me, I asked for his two cents:  "It was pretty good.  It wasn't the best, but it was good".  And he also gives it 3 stars.
5	Go to MacAlpine's! Now.Seriously. I love this place. I live near 7th Street and try to support the local businesses as much as possible. And places like this make it incredibly easy. They try and keep it as retro/vintage/original as possible. The ice cream and just desserts in general are fantastic. The food has always been pretty good too. The servers are always dressed in vintage-esque attire. Everytime I've been there the crowd has always been a pretty good mix. Even if you're not in the mood for a meal, I would recommend stopping by, cruising the vintage furniture shop attached, and grabbing an old-fashioned soda. Amazing.
3	Although the retro-fab decor is cute enough for me to give this place a second shot, I was not highly impressed by my first lunch at Mac Alpines. I was thankful for the yummy malt after my not so yummy sandwich, which could have been a re-creation of my middle school's cafeteria food. I think in the future I will stick to beverages only at this old time soda shop!
4	This place is a callback to days gone by. It is also one of the only places open for a late lunch in this area. They have great cold sandwiches, piled high with meat. Their split pea soup is some of the best I've had in a long time. The servers in their cute little uniforms are good too. Plus, you can't really beat the prices. Plus, they have all the old-timey soda fountain creations. I got a chocolate phosphate! A chocolate phosphate! Yum. My only complaint is that it was a little low on the chocolate. In addition to food, this place has a large vintage type shop. We didn't really peruse the shop much, but it looked like they have a bunch of great stuff at good prices. Check it out.
4	I miss this place.  I used to work right across the street from McAlp's and would go there at least twice a week.  The atmosphere is great, food is good, and deserts are tasty.  Its nice to see that some places in the Phoenix area don't feel the need to constantly renovate and are not afraid to keep their days gone by look, feel and approach to business.  Writing this is making me hungry for their food again.  I need to find an appointment to schedule downtown so I can lunch there next week.
5	This place has it all.Start with atmosphere as there is absolutely no way to ignore it.  In a mad jumble of antiquities ranging from the 20's to the 70's every item is either a conversation piece, memory or a must have.  I bought a mod 60's chappeau my baby brother picked out as being "me" and I am eyeing a full bonnet hair dryer the size of a rice cooker :pOnto the soda fountain.  There are egg creams, hot fudge and a toe curling number of flavor possibilities. I always want to cook up something outrageous to try but seem to drift toward their amazing executions of classic favorites.The regular menu is exactly as it should be.  I have yet to be bold enough to try their Hawiian cole slaw (so 50's) but all of their soups, sides, etc. taste home made with reasonable prices.  I was reading through the reviews here and saw a couple mentions of split pea soup ... how is it I've never been when they've had it?!?!  I am now on a mission to go when it is being served.On a side note, MacAlpine's serves stuffed tomotoes!  Your choice of tune or chicken salad, I imagine they'd do egg if you asked over greens and surrounded by lots of veggies, etc.  It's the kind of dish to inhale after killing yourself at the gym and you won't feel all that bad about it.P.S. Sometimes the service can seem a bit oddly timed but when you take into account the division of labor and the nature of the place it does make sense.  Also, I once brought a friend in here who needed to sober up a bit and our server didn't turn a hair despite some truly outlandish observations on my friend's part.
3	The food is decent in a "I'm tired of driving around, just pick a place" kind of way.  Soups, sandwiches, etc.  The kind of stuff you find at Mary Coyle's but without all of the good desserts.  The decor/nostalgia is the only thing that makes this place work.  It is a great place to keep around and I wish they would turn it into more of an all night diner but it is fine for what it is.
3	It was 10:45 Saturday morning and I wanted coffee. I knew of a place right down the street from me and to my disappointment it was closed! WTF! Any way I went searching for a cafe. I wanted to sit down and read the new times with a cup of coffee. I actually started my journey thinking I would stop at the drip. But when i got there that place just seemed to modern for me. I was in a funky mood and just wanted a nice cup of coffee, nothing fancy. So I saw an older man waving a sign that said "Best lunch in town!" and he was kind of dancing too! And I said to myself "Yes, i think I will". So I stumbled upon MacAlpines. They had just opened and I sat right down at the counter. I had two cups of yummy diner coffee and after realizing I was hungry too, I ordered a stuffed tomato that was oh so yummy with super fresh veggies. The decor was adorable and welcoming and I loved the juke box. 25 cents gets you two plays! anyway, I'm not giving it four stars because it took some time for the staff to warm up and be friendly. I don't know if it was just because they had just opened or if it was because I was still sleeping and needed a caffeine fix badly. But I want to go again, with company, not by myself and I'll rate it again.
3	There really isn't a whole lot to say about MacAlpine's other than it's a really cute place with lots of fun stuff to look at.  Not my favorite for food.  We came to MacAlpine's because I was a contestant in the 7th on 7th dessert contest (which I won, thank you very much) and my parents came to support me.  We decided to go ahead and eat while all the festivities were going on.  My mom and dad got salads which they said were okay.  I don't remember what the husband got, and I got a grilled chicken sandwich.  Unfortunately, my chicken was really dry and I had no dressing or mayo on my sandwich either.  Whatever though, I didn't really mind, I was hungry.We may be back at some point considering my prize was 30 dollars in gift certificates to the restaurant.  Maybe I will have a better experience next time.  For now though, it's just alright.
4	This place is a genuine surprise. I walk in, totally expecting an old restaurant with 5 & Diner decor, but I was completely wrong. Essentially, all the furniture, counter, and fixings of the place have been there since 1928. Hell, even our waiter looked like Fatty Arbuckle. If a place manages to stay alive and well for over 80 years in this city that loves to chew up and spit out its historical locales, you've got to give that joint props (Sing High being the exception to that rule).The cuisine at MacAlpine's is what you'd expect: old fashioned and American. It's nothing spectacular. What really makes the trip however is their soda selection. They've got something like over fifty flavors. I tried out the Blueberry Cheesecake flavored one and my friend was treated to "The Wrestler": a weird/delicious combination of some cherry flavoring and some thing else that tasted like Dr. Pepper. In conclusion, this place is a landmark worthy of it's reputation garnered. Its service, vibe, and overall offerings are a testament as to why it's still standing after eight decades.
4	BEST FLOATS/MILKSHAKES IN TOWN!Veggie friendly diner food... pretty good tater salad, nice sandwich selection.  Homemade veggie burgers.  Nothing on the menu will blow your mind, but it is a fun, delicious little place to eat, with awesome sodas/dessert drinks.
4	I have visited MacAlpine's a few times, and every time I have been very pleased with both the food and the service.  The wait staff and the owners are always very friendly and helpful and the food, although nothing fancy, is always good.  I love the atmosphere of this restaurant as well as the neighboring thrift shop that is fun to browse while the food cooks.  And the egg cream sodas are delicious!  Not to mention visiting a piece of Phoenix history at the same time - I love it!  The only downside to this place? I wish they were open later into the evening...
4	Have you ever watched those dumb/boring/nerdy space documentaries that tell you lies regarding the impossibility of time travel? Some dude with a talking computer tells you "...currently, there is no way to deviate from the space-time continuum"... Lies! I'll tell you how to do it.  You don't even need to buy a time machine on eBay like Kip Dynamite. Just get into your car (no, it doesn't have to be a Delorian) and drive to 7th Ave and Thomas Rd (just south of Thomas on the E side), and BAM! You, my friend have entered another dimension.You walk into this place and you expect to see Cowboy Biff sitting at the bar. Unfortunately, all you see is elderlies shuffling about. Well, they must know something that we all don't. Like an old man/woman secret that they only tell their peers. You, my friend, have just learned their secret! Sit down and order yourself a Black Bean Burger. What? You say you don't like vegetarian food? Well, neither do I! Trust me. Do it!While you wait, you can imagine you are your grandpa at 12 years old. Just stopping into the local soda fountain shop to get a smooth refreshing malt. Being a 12 year old in the 1930s, you notice how modern and sleek the decor is in here. Ice cream adverts everywhere... Makes you want to stay 12 forever."Mom, can I have some ice cream?" Oh, I mean "Sorry, can I get a strawberry malt with that Black Bean Burger? Ahem, thanks..."
5	This place gets 5 stars because it is authentic.You want ceramic tile to look at and bleach-soaked rags permeating your nose? Go somewhere else. This is an old-time soda fountain, and the only modernization to the menu that I could find was the fabulous black bean veggie burger. Score! I always have to get some potato salad because it tastes just like my Great-Aunt Margaret's.It feels old and it is old. If that sounds good to you, it will be a pleasure to go there. If that sounds icky, go to McDonald's
3	Americana of the mid-20th century fascinates me and stepping into this soda fountain is like stepping back in time to that period. The decor is fun to look at, and it's nice to be able to browse the merchandise (furniture, trinkets, and other stuff) while waiting for your meal. I ordered the black bean burger - not a 1950s dish to be sure, but tasty and substantial. The strawberry milkshake I got was rich and plentiful; I wish I could have finished it but I was too full from the burger. Definitely worth the visit.
5	First of all, this place is awesome.2nd of all this place is amazing.It is an authentic 50's soda shop / restaraunt.It's so quaint and real! Just ...To. Die. For.I even commented that I felt like I was back in the 50's and should be sitting in the back of the restaraunt. Ahem. I have a pretty sick sense of humor, but one of the waiters did laugh loudly at my sentiment.They have a list of over 50 types of sodas/egg creams, milkshakes. I was in love. I ordered a nectar egg cream and it was to . die. for.Did I mention you get free refills? Holy crap!!They served me the best Pastrami sandwhich I have ever tasted in my life. and that's just the food.We haven't even mentioned the shopping. Loads and loads of authentic 50's furniture and clothing and other souvenirs for sale. Box purses. All at more than reasonable prices. Some at downright cheap prices. I mean I was in love, love , love.I told my grandmother, who lives in Michigan, that when she visits me, MacAlpines is the first place I'm taking her in Phoenix.
5	McAlpines is one of those old school places that would probably be right at home in downtown Prescott. Authentic, amazing service, and the whole fact that they have an antique store really helped make this place shine. We had a simple dessert that consisted of 2 Phosphorus's and a hot fudge sundae, and after wards, I felt bloated and diabetic. That's because for the prices, you get a surprising amount of deliciousness. You feel like a little kid when your kind, humorous, tattooed server brings you a MASSIVE sundae cup, dripping with hot fudge and all of the toppings. The only, and I mean, THE ONLY drawback, is that I live so far away from them. On the other side, I guess that means I won't be gaining 20 pounds anytime soon.
4	Supporting small local businesses is definitely my thing. MacAlpine's is to die for! When I walked in, I imagined being Bettie Page out to lunch. The whole place is exhilarating in its 50's diner simplicity. I might even buy my prom dress in the vintage boutique there. I loved the hot cheese sandwich with tomato. Everyone is so right, the deserts are awesome and they even have an authentic vintage milkshake machine. Its so cool when you sit at the lunch counter and watch them make milkshakes and malts, especially when there's so many to choose from. Minus one star for being so far away and not having enough staff to accommodate busy days. FOUR STARS FOR ATMOSPHERE AND FOOD!
4	Lovely service.  Good food.  Love the incorporation of the antique shop.  Made for a wonderful date night and we'll go back again.
5	My wife and I were only in Phoenix for three days and we ended up at MacAlpine's twice. It was that good. The shakes were great, the sandwiches (hot and cold) were great, the potato salad was great one day, but so-so the next. The music was right, the decor was right. The waitresses were prompt and friendly. The soda jerk even wears a paper hat!
4	Step back in time! Every once in awhile you start to look for something different for lunch and then pops up a place like MacAlpines. Besides the great 50's atmosphere and good food, this place will have you smiling and reminicing the moment you step into the door!I am not downtown that often but rest assured, I will be back to this place.
5	I've been coming to MacAlpine's on and off for about 8 years and I still can't get enough.Monica and Cary (owners) are two of the most hard workers small business owners that I've had the pleasure of knowing.  MacAlpine's is Phoenix's only still existing original Soda Fountain and a true gem.  Filled with vintage decor and charm, it's a fun time warp every time I go in there.  Their shakes are delicious and so big you get the leftover serving in the metal mixing cup.  Their food is tasty and like mum made it.  They always have vintage tunes on and you can browse the antiques and collectibles next door in between dining.
2	Who puts celery in chili?No french fries?Carrot and raisin salad on the menu?Cute old-fashioned decor, but really I just wanted to dust the place.
1	Really this place was gross.  They need to just scrub the place down.  It is filthy.  I was excited to find a cute little malt shop to take the kids to with a 5o's theme.  I had a Reuben.  The meat was tough, and could not be eaten.  My husband and son had a preformed patty for a burger.    My daughter  had a BLT.  Really?  How can you make a GROSS BLT!  It just made me sick that we spent $50 dollars on such a truly bad meal.  The malts were good.  It took us getting through 3/4 of our meal before they came though.  The wait staff was two college age girls that you could tell didn't give a rip if the customer was getting good service.  Go there for a malt or shake and call it good.  Everything else sucked.
4	Mel Brooks once said the mystery of life is the Egg  Cream. "It has no cream and no egg!" Well, maybe McAlpines does have some cream or at least whipped cream, maybe. I don't ask. I just enjoyably slurp.Wonderful service, good simple food, phenomenal atmosphere...and today, cherry pie. Long live McAlpines!
4	Great service, great sundaes and old school fountain creations :)  I did not try their food but will do so next time :)Definitely a place to bring out of town friends to on a hot summer day to cool off and take some pictures :)
4	I would be hesitant to rate this so high, because I love me my good antique stores. But I went in to browse their men's dress outfits because we are looking for a vest for my husband to be. Well, we found it! I can't believe we found it so easily. The lady was so nice and told us she would hold it for 24 hours so we can look some other places before making the final decision. The way the place is set up is so awesome. I loved how the little diner was in the middle. We were going to go there but just felt like something different for dinner. The whole feel of this place is completely unique and fun. The store is all spread out so you never have someone breathing down your neck asking what you want. I will definitely be back to this place. Probaby today :)
3	Very friendly staff and kitchy decor. Really great soda fountain. Best egg cream I've had in a very long time. Food is straight forward and unpretentious. Very tasty. Good value.
5	Came to MacAlpines for the second time. Very impressed again. Had the pastrami Ruben and it is warm, perfectly seasoned, juicy and amazing. Also had a blueberry cheesecake ice cream float which was decadent and delicious. Every waitress is dressed in vintage outfits and they are all stunning. Most of the clientele are Also wearing fun vintage clothes. And are hot lol. Great food, value and fun. Definitely recommend it
5	It's hard to top a place with 50+ soda/phosphate/shake flavors and can also put together a perfect pastrami on rye.  One of the experiences in Phoenix.  Finish your meal and buy some antiques when you're done.
4	Pretty darn good - Phoenix's only true throwback 1920's-style soda fountain. Get a load of those green light fixtures down the center of the eating area! Great egg salad sandwiches, blt's, cheeseburgers that are" real" - interesting soups and specials. Potato salad is yumolicious. Shakes and sodas done anyway you like, couldn't be better. Also an antique emporium and a bit of a historical site, in a minor way - I'll let you find out why. Highly recommend. Wonderful service, very modest prices.
4	Great sandwiches and a real soda fountain.  Try a cherry lime phosphate.  Trust me.
4	Go here for the drinks, atmosphere and history.  Their food is okay, but nothing special.  Split a sundae with your honey on a hot afternoon and you'll be hooked.
5	this place is a straight throw back to simpler times.... when you just wanted to sit down and have yerself a dog and a soda... and a float, and a sundae.... plus, after yer done fillin' yerself up with all the delicious foodie goods, feel free to walk it off as you meander and shop yer way through the vintage offerin's. good food, great antiquing, amazing atmosphere.
4	Walking into MacAlpines is like stopping the clock and turning it back to the turn of the century.  You can get ice cream goodies there that you simply can't get anywhere else reguardless of price.My wife and I have been here bofore but only for ice cream.  This time we ate at the little tables in the back.  Service was quick, efficient, and very nice.  Wife had a Reuben (she always has a Reuben which makes her an expert on Reuben's I guess.) She declared it one of the best she's eaten.  I had a seafood salad sandwich.  My sandwich was delicious.  Both came with really GOOD potato salad.  I mean good!!After that we each had an ice cream soda.  A real ice cream soda.  Rose's was cherry with vanilla ice cream.  Mine was chocolate soda with Chocolate ice cream.  We were both stuffed to the gills when we left.Total price: 30$ including ice cream, and drinks.
3	The yesteryear theme, decor and atmosphere gets 5 stars indeed. Great jukeboxes at each booth (2 Plays for a quarter) vintage everything everywhere with sensory overload in a good way ... the food was Ok but not  as noteworthy as the ambiance ... wait staff was friendly and service was prompt even though it was very full at 1pm when I ate there .... will I return? the verdict is still out but probably yes to just try a milkshake which I hear from other reviews is worth the price ...
5	This place is a hidden gem!! Seriously, one of the best thing if not THE best thing about Phoenix. The old-fashioned soda fountain is complete with adjacent thrift store which has the best finds. The staff are super sweet and they can make a mean sundae, where the chocolate sauce is literally dripping down the side of the sundae glass. I love this place and if I ever have to go back to Phoenix, this would be the first place I would visit.
5	I've been looking forward to checking this place out for a while, and it did not disappoint.  We had to say good bye to family at the airport, and so wanted a decadent distraction to followup the sadness.  Fancy phosphates and floats served us nicely!You know how classic diners and decor are trendy now, and places are trying to make their restaurants look like they came through a time machine?  Well, this place is the real deal--an authentic 1920's soda shop, now surrounded by a vintage shop (it used to be a drug store).  The place is just wonderful to walk into.  Our waitress was unbelievably friendly.  You could tell that the 50's look for her was not just an act--it was her life.  Not only was she friendly, but fast as well.  From the menu, I tried a kiwi phosphate, a tiger's blood (cherry/coconut) Italian soda, tuna sandwich on sourdough, Navy bean soup, and a float to top it off.  All was delicious.  The tuna was not flooded in mayo and was the fattest tuna sandwich I've ever had.  The cole slaw on the side was also a bit dry (little mayo), which to me, is a wonderful thing.  A little pineapple acted to enhance the flavor further.  I am persnickety about slaw, but this I liked.  The drinks were deliciously fizzy.  For desert, we ordered the pumpkin cheesecake bunt cake.  Moments later, the waitress came back to tell us that sadly, she did not have a piece big enough to sell to us, but that there was a small piece left that she could simply give to us for free.  We agreed and added a float for good measure.  The float was pistachio ice cream and amaretto soda.  Unbelievable!  Hands down the best float I've ever had.  And I love that the spoons come in a shot glass of even more soda.  That way, when you eat some of the ice cream, you can add more soda.  Brilliant!  Oh, and the free piece of bunt cake?  It turned out to be the size of a normal piece of cake, but for free.  And it too was delicious.The stores that flank the restaurant served as a good distraction while walking off a few of the hundreds and hundreds of calories consumed.  The only real problem was coming down from the sugar high about halfway between Phoenix and Tucson.  I will be back.  And next time, I'm going to be crazy and try the "dill pickle" phosphate.
5	Great place! I'll definitely go back often if I have the chance. I ordered the dill pickle phosphate and absolutely loved it. It is sour, but that's what I expected. Fun to look around at all the antique and vintage goods. Decor kept us busy. Worth the trip :)
1	Went here for a quick bite with family before a play at Phoenix Theater.  I was hesitant based on the reviews here about cleanliness and mediocre food, but the place is a local legend and we had to give it a try.  On the way to our booth, we passed a large empty table that still had the messy remains of previous diners and wondered why the not-busy-at-all waitstaff hadn't cleaned it up yet. The food was on the high side of "just OK."  The malt, ice-cream soda, and phosphates we ordered with dinner were fantastic.  But, before the final curtain of the show, the cramping began for what would be a 24-hour bout of food poisoning traced back - by process of elimination - to McAlpines chicken salad.  I suppose if you want a delicious soda fountain treat, this is your place.  If you want to eat diner food without getting sick, go somewhere else.
5	What a unique restaurant for Phoenix.  There cream sodas are fantastic and you can't beat their apple pie a la mode.  Plus they have free WiFi and plenty of antiques on display.
4	The food is not the best, but the phosphate fizzies are out of this world. The old-fashioned soda fountain reminds of when my gramps used to bring me here after gymnastics. It was our special Saturday date. The music supports the vintage theme and the thrift store is always stocked with rare finds.Eat lunch elsewhere but stop in for a fizzy, you can thank me later.
5	My daughter lives within walking distance of MacAlpine's. Recently I visited for a week and walked to MacAlpine's 4 times during the visit just to get their Dill Pickle Phosphate! yumm :) I did have something new I've never tried before, an Egg Cream Soda - Wedding Cake flavor. Pretty yummy too, but I'll be sticking to the Dill Pickle Phosphate I'm addicted to!A FYI, MacAlpine's will be featured on Rachel Ray in April. The ower visited with me for a bit & let me in on the news.
4	Walking in at 11:00 on a Friday morning, we were the first ones in, and were greeted right away. Our small group likes the intimacy of booths, and MacAlpine's doesn't disappoint with their tall booths (with integrated coat racks... for Phoenix!).Lots of nostalgia everywhere, including the adjacent shops with "antique" items from years past.  You can just tell that many of the decorations are original, and the soda fountain is definitely authentic, as well.We ate light that day - chicken salad sandwich w/ potato salad for me, Malibu chicken and BLT w/ soup for my companions.  We were served quickly, the bread and produce was fresh, and the iced tea was brewed, not from the fountain (yay!). It's standard lunch fare here, nothing fancy, but the kitchen moves the orders out and the staff is always watchful for empty glasses.  The '50's period wear for the servers is fun, but it's their attitude that makes the difference.  Great place for kids!What's truly remarkable about this place is the assortment of distracting items from your childhood that forgot even existed, from the candy cigarettes for sale at the front, to the household items you see through glass in the adjacent antique shops. It's fun to have exposure to contraptions you don't see in the stores anymore, and that's why this place is a destination.
4	A great blast from the past.  They have all of the old time favorites, and a soda fountain.  Great shakes and cherry cola made from scratch.  Great sandwiches.  Don't leave without trying the potato salad.  And after lunch, you can visit the vintage store with old clothes, furniture, and jewelry.
5	MacAlpines, where do I start?  From what I can tell from my days of watching Happy Days, it's just like a 1950's diner.  Their sundaes are absolutely D-lish.  They also sell vintage kitsch like furniture, jewelry, hats.
4	I wandered in here after a day at the library with my mom, sister, and my niece and nephew.Adorable-love the retro vibe. The junk on the walls is enough to keep me distracted until my food arrives and the waitresses looked awesome, in their retro outfits.Prices were decent and the food was pretty good.I definitely want to go back and try the ice cream.
4	MacApline's is more than a blast to the past, it's like eating lunch in 1949 and then walking out to the door back into 2011. But don' worry, you can bring a part of the past out with you from their huge selection of vintage and retro finds. Don't go there expecting the quickness and flexibility of a "chain restaurant," but do expect a good time, a welcoming atmosphere, and GREAT DESSERT!
5	I take my little brother here every year for his birthday.  So cute and such a great atmosphere!  I don't drink soda, but here its a treat so I indulge. :) I have to say my favorite thing is the carrot/raisin salad.. YUM!
4	Great ambiance and a million soda flavors to choose from. Their vintage furnishings & clothes are in great condition!
4	Cool retro soda shop, waitress dressed in 50ish outfits, complete with the red lipstick...the place was originally a pharmacy and soda shop est. 1928. Has the original counters. Go for the root beer floats, and the orange dreamsicle soda. Great place to relax and  listen to the old music, while sipping a cold concoction.
4	I few years back I worked around the block from MacAlpines. My coworkers and I would go there for lunch and several rounds of freshmade cherry cokes. YUMMM!!!! I miss those days!!
2	Love the charm of the place. I only wish they had a burger that did not taste as if it were boiled. And yes, I tried this place a couple times wanting to like it.
5	A Blast from the past! We had an office just down the street and found this place to be great for eating in and taking out. A friendly staff is attentive and the food is pretty good. The stuff that litters the walls gives the restaurant character and a unique charm.Oh yeah! And the soda fountain drinks are out of is world!
3	Had the hot lunch special, a BBQ pork sandwich, and potato salad.The sandwich was tasty, but average.The potato salad was a bit bland.I love MacAlpine's atmosphere, however, so I will definitely return.
3	Stopped in here on a Sunday afternoon for a milkshake when my sister was visiting from out of town. We browsed the racks of vintage clothing and costume jewelry before sitting down at the bar. It was difficult to choose our milkshake flavor, given the dizzying array of syrups and ice cream combos, but after settling on chocolate and wild cherry, we were very pleased. Plus it was a cheerful looking thing, topped with whipped cream, colorful sprinkles, and a cherry.I was not as pleased with the service... it wasn't busy until after we sat down, but no one took our order or even gave us a menu or a "hello" until we'd been sitting for about 10 minutes. A party of 8 or so, including a bunch of indecisive kids, sat down AFTER us, and were served before my sister and I... and no acknowledgement of the wait. While we waited, I did enjoy looking at all the cool decor from the past, though I think the whole place could be a little bit cleaner.
4	I met a friend for lunch and she took us to MacAlpine's as she lives in the neighborhood just behind it. When you first walk in, it smells like your Grandma's closet as the diner sits between two sides of their vintage/antique wares. But for those of us that like vintage junk/treasures, it was a neat atmosphere. It's like finding a little gold mine somewhere you don't expect it. "I LOVE HER HAIR" was the first thing I said as we entered the diner. The waitresses looked super cute in their outfits and pinup style hair. I didn't get her name but one had beautiful black hair with the biggest victory rolls and it looks amazing. So at this point, I'm already pleased. The food probably could have been bad, and I would have still liked the place. We were passed the drinks/sodas/shakes/malt menu and it was extensive. As a Scentsy rep, my friend was like...."It's just like Scentsy, so many to choose from!" I decided on a blackberry shake as I use to get them as a girl back home in Washington. It was YUMMY!  We both ordered the Pastrami Reuben for lunch on sourdough rather than rye and had the potato salad as a side. The potato salad was divine. Great flavor, consistency, and appeal. The sandwich was good too. Nothing super fabulous but a good standard Reuben.We chatted, admired the stuff all over the walls, and strolled around the store afterwards looking at stuff. I throughly enjoyed my trip to MacAlpine's and will be going back with my daughter to try the dill pickle shake as she's obsessed with pickles!
4	Fantastic selection of sodas! I highly recommend the red velvet cupcake flavor as an ice cream float! The food is mediocre, but the family that owns the shop are very nice and offer great service.
4	Read about it in some Phoenix guidebook, it is one of a kind place that is for sure. Place is located between two antic furniture stores so when you walk in you have furniture all around and then you walk into an old cafe. Witnesses are dressed the part since the placed opened in 1928 and look super cute, everyone is very friendly. I ordered beautiful green pistachio shake that was out of this world. Cool place to visit.
4	This offers such a nice selection of fountain drinks.  The counter servers really dress the part.  Neat place.
2	I've been driving past this intriguing little place for years now, and finally stopped in to satisfy my curiosity. I had been warned by a friend that it was not worth going for lunch, as the food wasn't very good, but I was craving a hamburger and in the area, so to MacAlpine's I went.Once I figured out which door granted entrance to the diner (seriously, it took three tries),  I was greeted by some awfully pretty and very in-character waitresses. They were all dolled up, '50s style and had that sweetie-pie personality down pat. I admitted I wasn't too familiar with places that offer so many soda options and asked for a recommendation. The server gladly offered her favorites, and I went with her suggestion, a cherry cheesecake soda. It was fantastic.I looked over the menu and was immediately disappointed, why is a turkey burger featured above the all-American diner staple, the cheeseburger?! And no fries? I briefly considered the chili dog but that too was made with turkey ... what kind of throw back retro diner was this?? Damn. I got the cheeseburger and potato chips, which came out pretty quick and the burger was hot as all get out, fresh off the skillet ... definitely not a grill and that was just about the worst patty I've paid for in my life. Dry, flavorless, terrible. Well, I had been warned and can't exactly complain.Seeing as I'm not a soda drinker and wasn't a fan of the food, I won't be back. But the atmosphere and food quality would suit children well, and I saw several come and go, usually with their grandparents.
5	In town visiting for another week, and back to MacAlpine's I go! There are several more restaurants or cafes in the area that are good places to go, but MacAlpine's is the one that will keep bringing me back over and over. It's certainly a real taste of nostalgia. In addition to the great food, the real draw is the atmosphere and ambience that you immediately get when you walk in the door. The old soda fountain (in working order), all of the retro furniture, antiques, vintage clothing, and friendly waitresses who dress the part. It's worth the trip if you want to step back in time, take it easy, and enjoy a bit of the past!
4	Fun time, the food was much better than the last time I was there which was 15 years ago.  It is Diner type of food, authentic atmosphere, genuine in the sense that it is preserving some history.
5	Truly a historic place in the Coronado area. :)Love, love, love this place!! Have been going here since I was a kid and every time I fall back in love with their food and vintage setting. The food is hands down delicious. The burgers are good, they perfectly melt in your mouth. Their club sandwich is huge and always fresh. Any kind of their malts, ice cream, soda fountain drinks, italian sodas are all made to perfection and with the variety of flavors that they have it's crazy how right on they are with the flavor. With my food I always order the potato salad. I'm very picky with my potato salad, but I can say that I've stopped by JUST to have a bowl of potato salad (more than once probably). Other than the great food you can explore their cute little store on both sides of the building. You'll always find something that you can't just live without. I think it's the whole "vintage" thing, but who knows? The girls are always dressed up in their cute attire and play the part very well, very impressive :) Thank you MacAlpine's for being located down the street from me, and playing a huge part of my childhood life. :)))
5	If you want an authentic old fashioned ice cream soda fountain, you found it.  Any ice cream item is worth trying, the food is pretty good but can't compare to the outstanding sundaes and sodas.It's also a nice touch to see the servers dress up in authentic 30s and 40s attire.
1	Historic, yes. Worth the visit, no.Problem 1: Hosting a political event without warning during the Saturday lunch hour.  No signs on the outside, no warning until we're in and heading for the table, and we realize, "There's a guy, stumping for Mayor of Phoenix, and he's going to just talk the entire lunch hour."  So this means we can either enjoy conversation with our friends or we can sit and eat quietly while an unelected politician tells us why we shouldn't trust elected politicians.Problem 2: Very dry chicken.  Seriously, I think they stuck a frozen Wal-Mart chicken breast in the microwave and nuked it for 8 minutes or something.  How hard is it to make a chicken sandwich taste good?  So now I get to try to choke down dry chicken and terrible political speeches at the same time.Problem 3:  The candidate finally quits talking.  Then he takes a photo standing between the waitresses and says, "It's like beauty on the outside, and beast on the inside."  No one laughs.  But then the owner comes up to our table as we're finally getting the chance to talk to each other, and she spends another 15 minutes telling us why we should vote for a certain party and why she wants to move into Phoenix from her home in Fountain Hills.  My favorite line: "We need to make it harder for folks to drive so that they start using public transportation."  But of course, she's not using the light rail on her way in from Fountain Hills.  She just wants the people off her streets when she's trying to drive in and out of the city.The only good thing about the whole trip--apart from our friends, who are awesome--was that the waitresses were professional and competent.  They earned a good tip and they treated us well.
5	This diner, established in 1928, claims to be one of the oldest in Phoenix so it was our first stop upon arrival.  For two Londoners in America this diner was EXACTLY what we wanted from our American road trip.The waitresses looked great with their vintage uniforms and cool hairstyles, and they were so friendly and helpful.  There was a lovely relaxed vibe, an old-style jukebox, a soda fountain from which you could have any number of tasty concoctions, and great menu selection.  There's even a little vintage shop tacked onto the side which you have to pass through to use the rest rooms...I loved it!This place is perfect for tourists although we did meet a couple of friendly locals keen to hear about our road trip so far, and at least you know you're getting the real-deal in an original diner rather than a tacky imitation or chain restaurant.
4	It was daddy and daughter day. So I decided to bring her here since she loves cheeseburgers! We both had a cheeseburger w/potato salad. NOTE: They do not serve fries!!!! Service is a little slow, but we received our order very fast. We both enjoyed our burgers very much! Very juicy, and cooked perfect! I really liked the potato salad, the daughter is very hard to please! She liked the potato's but she had to pick through the rest of the ingredients! She was ecstatic about being able to create her own shake! She ordered a banana and cheesecake shake, she usually only eat part of it and give the rest away! I was lucky enough to at least try it before she consumed the whole thing!!! Very tasty! I had their fresh lemonade, this was probably the best lemonade I have ever had!!! We really enjoyed this place and definitely will bring mama here.
4	Here's a sample experience at MacAlpines:Wow! A real, old fashioned soda parlor! Whoa, look at all this vintage stuff! Hey, check out the menu! Oh hell yeah I love this kind of candy, I haven't seen this in forever! Oh maaan 99 flavors of soda what the whaaat! Mmm.. pina colada soda, wait, the butter pecan is even better! No, taste the margarita! Wait, they're refillable! AHHH!!!! VANILLA COKE! BUBBLEGUM! MORE BUTTER PECAN! HEY THERE'S CHOCOLATE! GIVE ME AN IRISH CREAM FLAVOR! PUT CARAMEL IN IT! ANOTHER CARAMEL, THIS TIME WITH CHOCOLATE! WE HAVEN'T EVEN TRIED THE ICE CREAM, WE NEED THIS ONE WITH ICE CREAM IN IT. MORE ICE CREAM YUM THRIFTY ICE CREAM!!!!!!!Holy shiznit, that soda.... 'twas nothing but awesome... I don't feel so good.*passes out in the car*Arrives home.*passes out for fifteen hours*Awakens with a hangover more vicious than the Thursday following Wine Wednesdays at ASU. Remembers MacAlpines fondly while taking 3 Ibuprofen. Goes back to sleep.
2	Some places are old because they are cool. MacAlpine's is cool because it is old.It smells like your Grandmother's house (some people find this endearing. Really? Musty is chic now?). Food is extra medium. We went with a group of a dozen (none of whom had been there) and no one raved about their entree.I'm docking a star for having a broken air conditioner (during the hottest week in Phoenix August history) --- our shakes & ice creams went melty fast. Also... they close at 7. Just because it smells like my Grandmother's house doesn't mean it should go to bed when she does.Stars for great service, lots of things to look at and a bajillion choices of Italian sodas. Plus it's old. 1928 in Phoenix is like 1700 in Boston.Worth a visit to say you have been there... and if you want a soda fountain, a Coronado alternative to the Sugar Bowl.
3	MacAlpine's Soda Fountain is all right be me....It's a cool place to meet up with some friends for an ice cream treat, soda or float.  The food is OK, not great but not bad either.  The service can be a hit and miss depending on who you get as a server and when you go.  The ice cream and soda treats are fantastic!  The ambiance ~ the soda bar is cool and there are two side rooms full of antiques that are for sale everywhere.  I've had their Reuben which was A-OK and on my last trip I sampled their burger and chips with chocolate shank which was shank-a-licious!!   My burger was cooked well, but nothing fancy.  I also had a small salad which was nice but not memorable.  My shake was really good and left an indelible impression on my taste buds. Side note: "Give the dude out front holding the sign "We are open for Lunch" a break and let him come inside where it's a little cooler.  Use a curbside sign instead.If you're a germ-o-phobe, like me that doesn't like dirty old things hanging everywhere especially where you are eating, you need to get past that and give MacAlpine's Soda Fountain a try.
5	I had an excellent ice cream soda and a great sandwich for lunch. The decor/seating was excellent. I felt like i went back in time just walking in. The food and staff were tops! Highly recommended!
5	I think the 83 reviewers ahead of me did a more than adequate job of profiling the food experience you get at this old-fashioned soda fountain.  What many patrons do not know is that the owners purchased this business shortly before 9/11 and were advised by friends to unload it because it did not have potential for an ROI.They ignored the advice, poured their heart and soul into it, and are a huge reason why there are 83 reviews sitting here for your perusal.  Their fortitude is a gift for which Phoenix should be grateful.These guys absolutely knocked themselves out for our event!  And it didn't matter that it was August and the A/C was not made to accommodate the crowd we brought in.  People stayed, ate, shopped the vintage store, and had a great time.I still have the candy cigarettes Monica gave me as a party favor, and I smile every time they catch my eye on the kitchen counter.  She epitomizes the mantra, "Do what you love, love what you do,"  You can't help but enjoy a visit into the local time machine AKA MacAlpine's Soda Fountain.
2	MacAlpines is very interesting, a restaurant, thrift store and an antique shop rolled into one.  The service is very friendly, all the waitresses are in 1950's outfits like you would expect.  The food on the other hand is horrible!!  I got a ruben sandwich, it was pretty dull and flavorless.  I also got a side hawaiian salad, which was also flavorless.  My girlfriend got a veggy burger, which seriously tasted like saw dust.  It was so gross, I felt bad for her because I had suggested this place to eat at.  We should have order a malt or some kind of soda drink, because I think thats what this place is known for.  But we were just getting a quick bite to eat before we headed to the film bar.  At the end of the meal they gave us the wrong check, which we corrected.  Well, overall the service was pretty good, but the food was so terrible that I gave this review 2/5 stars.  I'll probably try this place again just to have a coke float or a malt, but I'm staying away from the food.
4	Being an Old School Detective, I have no choice but to go to MacAlpines to eat.It is like stepping into the TARDIS and going back in time!Great Coffee, Food, Soda Jerk (who is not really one) and outstanding waitresses!
5	What a neat place reminds me of the old fashioned soda fountain that I vaguely remember as a kid growing up in NJ. The food and ice cream is great!
4	This place is great! I took the kids here after a day at the Phoenix Children's Museum and got some ice cream. My son had a Coke float, daughter had a scopp of ice cream and I had a hot fudge sundae. Holly hell, that hot fudge sundae was as big as my head! And I loved EVERY bit of it. You walk through an antique room to get to the restaurant and then there is a vintage/antique store  connected on the other side, too. After the ice cream, we wandered around and looked at all of the cool stuff for it. Unfortunately, my four year old is like an elephant in a china store, so I couldn't exactly relax. The next day, I came back and picked up some reasonably priced vintage/thrift store dresses around $20 a piece. The black dress was perfect for a 20's party I attended and the second dress was a long sleeved, low cut, long red dress with yellow flowers that I am wearing today for a Halloween party. Ice cream and antiques are the way to spend the day!
4	I visited MacAlpine's today with my boyfriend and it was a really great experience.I got the hot pastrami sandwich with potato salad and a cherry lime egg creme. SO! GOOD! He got the chef's special: a bratwurst with sauerkraut and provalone on a toasted bun, and a tiger's blood phosphate--I took a sip of the phosphate and it was so intense and delicious. We were both really full when we were done and the total for each of us came out to about ten dollars. The servers were great, but disorganized. We looked around the antique shop afterward and I bought a skirt for six dollars on sale. There is so much great stuff there--I wanted to take home every couch! And there are awesome time pieces in the two areas full of clothes. I'm going to tell everyone I know about this place!
2	this place was so cute and I was really excited to try it...the old fashioned sodas were great...the food was good, too...but the service was HORRIBLE. ..big fat bummer
3	I took my daughter here for a late lunch. Service was great through the whole dining experience and the place is decorated in 1950's style.I had the hot dog with cheese and chips for $5.50, my daughter had the cheeseburger and chips for $6.95. Both were average, nothing that would make me want to go back for these particular items. The soda options were spectacular, I had black cherry & cream soda, both were heaven. I get the vibe that this place is best for ice cream type treats and specialty sodas, there were more than 100 different flavors to choose from. Since this place is right down the street I may return, also there are antiques inside to take a look at before or after you eat.
5	Love it here! Family favorite, we always meet here and bring people when they are visiting from out of town.  Mercedes was so sweet and such a great waitress to have. The other girls were cute too!
4	Very cozy little place. Good service and fairly good food for a good price. And you get to shop Vintage clothing afterwards! My Mom adores this place, I take her here on Sundays for lunch sometimes, it always makes her day. :) Which makes mine!
2	This place is fun to walk into, as it really looks like you're walking into a Depression era drugstore, not the 50's. It's crammed with old pharmacy stuff and signs, just lots to look at.I really wanted to love this place but I can't because the service just isn't what it should be. We were helped by two of the staff during our visit, one very friendly waitress who breezed by and said hello  and a waiter who couldn't have appeared more miserable.  I was surprised at how small and, hate to say it, dull, the menu is. Burgers, hot dogs and cold sandwiches. The burgers are from frozen patties and I actually had to pull a big chunk of cartilage out of my mouth. Yuck.They use Thrifty brand ice cream and have an extensive menu of ice cream sodas made with unusual flavors. We ordered our sundaes and for some reason, they were made one at a time, so that my companion was halfway through with his before mine was delivered, and it was completely wrong. Wrong ice cream, wrong topping. But it took so long to get that I just ate it. I'm not going to complain too bitterly over ice cream. And I hope this place works out its kinks and does well.
5	OK: call me 'weird' here: but; I liked the funky (very) Old School ambiance of MacAlpines when my fiance and I went there this past Sunday for the Studebaker and friends car show.Admittedly; I was there once before ca. 1999 and was NOT impressed but things have def improved IMHO.I had a Club sandwich and it was one of the best ones I've ever had, at least in recent years. Would eat one again. The chocolate milk shake was OK but could have used a tad more syrup but, I'd have one again.
3	I was eager to give this place a try and headed on out on my day off.I was sure that there was going to be more on my plate when I ordered the Ruben Pastrami sandwich.  It was rather small....boo....I don't like potato salad or coleslaw, macaroni salad or stuff like that but I also don't like potato chips!  I was disappointed there was no fries. I ordered the Cole Slaw since I don't hate it *as much* as potato salad.  Well, hmm...it was OK.I had the cherry lime egg creme. It was OK too...I'm used to it with ice in it though.The Chocolate malt was...lacking malt.The good side of all this was the antiques!  Wow, what a great cute place for antiques! A little over priced but fund just the same.I'll go back but only to look at the antiques and maybe try some different sodas.
3	Cute little vintage boutique and retro soda fountain/dining.    The place is kind of curiously arranged, with a vintage store consuming several store fronts and the dining in the middle... so that I had to walk thru the dining area to reach different sections of the shopping.  But that helps to keep this place really laid back and casual.At the soda bar, I saw several families just hanging out at the counter and sharing a sundae.  It looks to be the perfect local hangout spot. The vintage store is pretty popular as well--with usual mix of curiosity seekers and treasures hunters.   I personally didn't find anything that I would want to take home, but it was nice browsing nonetheless.  I definitely plan to visit again and bring the kids!
3	Went back to MacAlpines last week to give it another try.  The service was pretty good, the waitresses are very attentive to their guest.  I got a chili burger and my girl got a grilled cheese, which were both ok.  I still wasn't crazy about the food, but both of us couldn't stop talking about how amazing the shakes were.  I am lactose intolerant and shouldn't have dairy at all, but I decided to give one of their shakes a try.  I do have to say, it was definitely worth the stomach ache that I got afterwards.  If I were rating just the shakes in this review it would be 5/5.  Will be back to MacAlphines to have have one of their creative shakes.
5	Great atmosphere and delicious food! The chocolate shakes are great and the sandwiches are refreshing. Definitely a lunch spot to remember :)
3	My family and I decided to try MacAlpine's out the night of my birthday. I had a groupon and had heard some really great things from several different friends. I wasn't disappointed with the atmosphere of the place. Quaint, clean and tastefully covered in antiques and collectibles, it takes you back to a slower, simpler time. I loved the fact that you could purchase most of the charming pieces and for what seemed like a really decent price!Now about the food. It was alright, but everything tasted fairly bland. (Maybe just an off night. I don't know.) I tried the potato salad that people on yelp rave about and didn't think it was anything to die for. Your only choices are a few sandwiches, hot dogs and a burger which I felt we might have appreciated more for a light lunch than for dinner.The dessert was yummy and HUGE and since it was a birthday occasion, it was free! We ordered a two scoop sundae that was more than enough for two people. Their soda menu is really impressive and not for the faint of heart. They have lots of yummy combos if you like sodas and ice cream together. I've never been a fan of mixing these things (they are perfectly wonderful all by themselves!) but seriously, if you enjoy floats, this is the place for you!Customer service, ambiance and dessert were all pretty good, earning this sweet historic gem 3 stars.
2	After hearing about this place for a few years I was really excited to finally try it out.  Unfortunately I was very disappointed with the quality of the food.  I had the bacon cheeseburger I know I know you are thinking how can you mess up a cheeseburger especially one with bacon on it.  I was thinking the same thing, but the patty was frozen and lacking any flavor of juiciness.  A burger is supposed to be juicy and full of flavor due to the fat melting into the meat.  This was a greyish color flavorless disc of supposed beef.  The only reason I gave two stars is the ice cream soda I had was good.  I had the pineapple upside down cake and I would actually go back just for that.  It's just hard to go back to a restaurant when all you want is a drink.
4	The young man behind the ice cream counter knows what he's doing. Red Velvet Shake! They literally have dozens of flavors and ways to serve creamy treats, Ice cream, Sodas, Egg Creams, Malts, Shakes, Sundaes, you name it, each with endless flavors and possibility. And best of all....they have thrifty's ice cream. I come from California, where this was my favorite Ice Cream...couldn't find it any where here....well MacAlpine's has it. Please go!
4	This is a super cute restaurant with a simple yet delicious menu. They stick to basics which I love. They also have a vintage items that you can admire and purchase. Its a great place if you want a quick, simple, cheap yet delicious meal. Their shakes are amazing as well as their potato salad. YUM! If you are in the area, check it our for sure!
1	The only reason I would give this place a 1 star rating is due to their amazing soda and float selection. The food was absolutely disgusting. I never complain about food and I've definitely never sent food back, until tonight. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and was shocked to see that fries aren't even offered as a side. I took one bite of the burger and found bone fragments in the frozen beef. My sister also sent back her bean/veggie burger. It looked equally disgusting. It will take a lot of convincing to get me to go back.
4	Took my Godchild and had a blast. The servers were cheerful, delightful and gave great suggestions and surprised us with various concoctions of fountain drinks that were delicious. We had the Macburger and hot pastrami sandwiched. We had such a good time after our school tour we returned for ice cream soda's. Breakfast at Tiffany's and Casablanca were scrumptious . Go eat and shop for vintage clothes and jewelry.  Had no idea this quaint gem was so close to my office.
4	I loved the ambiance of this place.  I thought it was just a soda fountain shop but also a vintage shop.  They kept everything classic looking as if you were in a true old American soda fountain shop.  My sundae was delicious!
2	This was my third time and probably last . The service was terrible. No particular server assigned so therefore no one to check on us. Our dirty dishes from lunch were still on the table when ice cream soda dessert arrived. I guess management did not anticipate being busy the Sunday during memorial weekend.
4	This is one of the coolest places I've found in Phoenix. It has such a wonderful atmosphere and the employees are ridiculously friendly. I've gone back twice in one week since my first time because they have so much delicious ice cream and options to try. The first time I ever went I had an Italian Soda with Mango syrup, but they let me know that you can have as many different flavors as you want because refills are free on them. Then, I had a hot fudge sundae and it was adorable and delicious. The decorations are what really make this place amazing, but the desserts don't disappoint and the employees are so sweet and when they ran out of bananas for the banana split I originally ordered they were so nice and funny about it, I didn't even care. I guess the lunch menu could be a little better, but I really think you can get food anywhere, the experience at Macalpine's is what makes it so unique.
4	Checked this out for the first time with my boyfriend on Father's day. Waitresses were super cute and friendly. Ordered an Ice Cream Soda with Butterscotch soda and pecan praline icecream. It was sooo good! Had the reuben sandwich was also really good. Not a fan of their potato salad or cole slaw, kind of bland. This place is a real treat and loved the decor.
5	You can't beat the atmosphere at this place. I bought a google offer for here a while ago and stopped in on a Sunday afternoon. There were some people inside but it wasn't too crowded. I started in the antique shop wandering around and then made it into the restaurant. I had an ice-cream soda and it was divine. Next time I'd probably split one as the drinks are large. I didn't eat anything but the food looked yummy. I also wandered to the vintage shop next door. It was fun looking around and reminscing.
4	Great experience! I got "The Brady Bunch" it was really sweet but it tasted very good. I also had the homemade Black Bean Veggie Burger. It was very good too.
4	MacAlpine's is a staple of old Phoenix. Dating back to the30's, this soda shop serviced customers of the valley since 7st was a dirt road off the beaten path. They do a great job retaining the atmosphere of an age gone by, sandwiched on both sides by antique and vintage stores. There's plenty to look at. Unfortunately I can't say the burgers (turkey or cow) were very good. Not bad, just bland and uninspired. The sodas are fun. On my first visit I tried 2 of the 99 options, including Marilyn Monroe (peach) and Tiger Blood (cherry coconut). Both were good, but next time I'm going to ask for way less syrup. All in all I'd say I would come back again and again, but probably just for dessert.
4	I just went to MacAlpine's for the first time and am already looking for a reason to return. I love that it's attached to a vintage store (can't wait to check that out further). I love that the employees dress and do their hair to match the old school decor. The soda list is impressive, although I opted for a traditional root beer float (oldie but a goodie), and was very happy with their classic take on it. My friend ordered a chocolate soda and black cherry ice cream float, which she loved. The food menu is simple, but I'm okay with that because obviously the shining star of MacAlpine's is their dessert lists. Be mindful of what time you go, they close up shop pretty early during the week.
3	A friend recommended this place so I brought my 4 year old son with me.  Very good.  We each had a chocolate milkshake.  Not earth-shattering spectacular, but still very good.  The place is unique so that helps.  They use Thrifty brand ice cream, which I love.
4	This is an odd little spot but interesting. Also their food is good.Very tasty sandwhiches but don't expect any fries. Theres no deep fryer, so they have chips and better than that they have potato salad. Great place to eat at.
3	After hearing numerous things about MacAlpine's from friends and other Yelpers, my boyfriend and I decided to pop in.We both ordered the Toasted Cheese Sandwich (grilled cheese w/ 3 types of cheese) and I was really disappointed with it. Mostly because I was expecting fries as a side and they don't serve them but also because the cheese was not the least bit melted. When I bit into my sandwich I expected strands of hot, gooey cheese to stretch in front of my face but instead I opened up my sandwich to find 3 slices of cheese barely stuck together and still in perfect squares. Buuuut I'm not really one to complain. I ate what I could and asked myself what I really expected. After all, it's only a grilled cheese. And that's not what MacAlpine's is known for...They're known for their sodas. Which are everything they're made out to be. After much deliberation,  I ordered the Nutty Professor Ice Cream soda (Pistachio ice cream w/ Amaretto soda) and it was delicious! I'll definitely be back to try the Red Velvet Soda. And maybe the Parisian ice cream soda. Or maybe just the entire dessert menu.Perhaps my favorite part of our visit was the thrift/antique store. They have an amazing selection of treasures. I spent $50 on old photos for my assemblage art and wished I had won the lottery so I could afford all the vintage cameras, shoes, toys, and lamps. Definitely a little pricey in some areas but justly so. The owner doesn't mess around when selecting pieces for the shop.
5	The best ice cream establishment any of our family has ever been to.  All of the floats are incredibly good.  You never run out of soda.  Nothing compares.  Plus they have very cool antiques to check out while your waiting.  I will be back soon.  Very cool to find a place like this one in AZ!
4	Mouth is watering just thinking about this place!!The boyfriend and I FINALLY decided to try it out after passing it for almost a year. I loved how they kept it true and retro. Very cute inside. The service was very poor. Our waitress was sitting up at the soda bar eating when we walked in, then sat us down, handed us menus, didn't greet us and told us to just ask if we have questions to ask the table behind us since they apparently had a lot that she had answered before we arrived. Most awkward intro ever. We did have a lot, since it was our first time there and we didn't know how the menu worked. We ended up ordering a butterscotch-cookie dough ice cream soda and a fudge sundae with pistachio and vanilla ice cream, topped with whipped cream and nuts. OMG it was soooo yummy!! Biggest sundae I had ever been served! And you can bet I ate that entire thing!  When we got our bill we couldn't believe how cheap it was for all that amazingness! We can forgive the customer service because that's not the main reason we went there in the first place.
4	A/C wasn't working too great last time I went so it was a bit hot considering it was the triple digits mid-summer Phoenix. I only had their Nutty Professor pistachio soda ice cream to cool off as it was too hot for me to feel like eating but its a great place to explore with the vintage shop in the next room and over all great service.
3	Floats = Amazing here! The ice cream is fabulous. The service was pretty decent. But, I can't recommend the food and feel great about it. Only two things we ordered were good: the tuna salad and the potato salad. The kids burger was very unappetizing and the chili left something to be desired - although gets points for at least not being out of a can. I know it's going for an authentic old-time appeal - but it's dark, dirty and kinda icky feeling. I think that the place has tons of potential to be an it spot if the menu was smaller, with better food and the inside was thoroughly  cleaned and updated a bit, with better lighting, a better paint job, etc.Definitely we'll be back for the great soda + ice cream.
3	This place definitely puts you back in the 40s & 50s.  It's your small soda ice cream shop that also services some pretty decent sandwiches.Ive been here a few times for birthday friend events and they definitely know how to take care of you.  The staff is helpful and will go out of their way to make sure you are happy.They specialize in their many flavors of soda.. and by many, I mean probably 150 plus.  if you dont know what you like, they will recommend a nice variety of popular drinks.  Their desserts are also popular and can easily be shared.  So be careful!the only thing I wasn't a fan of is that they do not have a frier, so there are no fried foods like fries.  The dining part feels like it's run with a swamp cooler, so be prepared to sweat just a little if there are a bunch of people there.  They do have about 20 fans blowing all over to keep you cool.On both sides of the restaraunt they have some pretty cool antique shops with prices that are pretty decent.  I highly recommend checking it out.
4	I can't speak for the food, but this is a wonderful place for an old-fashioned frozen treat...that means no bacon involved.  Well truthfully, they have so many ice cream soda flavors, there might be a bacon one.  But you won't find it in the Thrifty ice cream!  You'll take a step back in time once you walk through the doors.Floats, shakes, sundaes, malts, sodas, egg creams, and phosphates.  They're all here.  I don't even know what an egg cream is, but I would guess I would like it.  The cherry phosphate was also a first for me.  I'm still not sure what to think of it.  Kind of medicinal at first, but the more you drink, the more you like it.  The vanilla malt was vanilla-ey and malty.  What else can you say?
5	Love this spot, the BLT and potato salad are to die for! Shakes, malts italian sodas are amazing too. Seems like there is a lot of staff turnover (or maybe they just have a lot of staff), they are usually good but some of them are lacking in customer service skills. The owners are great though, always on site and friendly :)
4	Don't go for the food.  But my husband disagrees.  GO FOR THE AMAZING ICE CREAMS AND SODAS. He does agree with that! it even smells antiquey in there.
1	I had a cheese burger here last night. The patty tasted as if it had been heated more than once and possibly had a visit with the microwave, no flavor and chewy.  The service was great and the food came out fast (yay, for microwaves!) but I will never return.
3	This was a fantastic time the frist time. The main course was just okay, but the ice cream and soda was fantastic and made up for the meal. The second time was a bummer. It was crowed and with little working staff things did not get done. If you go just make sure it is not crowded and order as many soda's as you can.
5	So, I'm speaking of the vintage store attached to the soda fountain area.  I've been shopping for a vintage wedding dress. I was referred here from another vintage store (Mistys). I didnt even know they had a vintage clothing store in back!  I went in thinking I would just turn around and leave. However, I was lead to a back room where they had a few wedding dresses on a rack. I started looking through them and came across the most beautiful ivory, lace bodice with a tule ballroom gown dotted with lace daisies and a detachable LONG daisy adorned tule train.  With a few updates and some modification this dress is the most beautiful dress I have ever seen. I said YES tho the dress at MacAlpines!!!!!  Who would of ever thought I would find my dress here? The girls at the soda fountain were so helpful and super fun! They then proceeded to make me a wedding cake soda! SO GOOD!!! It was the best and most fun unexpected wedding dress buying experience I could've ever hoped for. This is a memory that will last forever....thank you girls!!! You are the best!!! I will send you a wedding picture for sure!
3	For a spark of nostalgia and a sweet treat, this is a wonderful destination.  From the pink sodashop dresses and bright red lipstick of the wait staff, to the old jukebox, half a century old coke advertisements, blenders from the 60s that are still making your malts and shakes today, to the vintage booths and trinkets that line the walls of this shop it is a virtual museum of soda shop days.There are 99 flavors for your cream sodas, italian sodas, shakes, phosphates (phosphoric acid is included to give a flat sour taste) as well as egg creams (milk, choc syrup, and soda water).  The flavors range from bubble gum and marshmallow to pickle and hurricane.  Mac's also has its own signature concoctions.Sundaes and banana splits are also on the menu, and for an average of $5 it is definitely worth it.  I just would not recommend coming here to eat.The food is unremarkable and lacks the kind of flavor and texture that would make it memorable.For hot summer days, date nights, and sweet rewards, a little venture through time, definitely worth a visit.
4	I enjoy being at MacAlpine's.  This really isn't something I can say for most restaurants in Phoenix.  I like to linger and hang out due to the charming, lived-in atmosphere, the forgotten Andrews Sisters hits on the stereo, and the people-watching.This is a place where you (I) go for certain things only.  I'm not a huge fan of the food because it's not my style.  It's the kind of stuff my grandmother fixed for lunch on summer vacations.  Plain, old fashioned fare.  If you are nostalgic for white bread and mayo, then get to MacAlpine's NOW.  That said, I have had some good sandwiches there, and I like a place that doesn't serve unnecessarily gigantic portions of food.The service is always very friendly and pleasant, and they have some good stuff in the two antiques shops on either side of the restaurant.  Here is what I want from MacAlpine's:  Get a website! Oh my god!  (& when you do, put your menu on it)  And secondly, I'm pretty sure they don't serve espresso drinks right now, despite the fact that I believe I have noticed an espresso machine behind the counter.  If I'm right about that, I should be proven wrong post haste.  I would really like to be able to get lattes at MacAlpine's, because I'm just not a malt, phosphate or egg cream kind of lady.
5	I haven't been to a soda shop like this since I was a kid in the 1970's.  The atmosphere is a throw-back to the 1930's or 40's, and it was, indeed, a great pleasure to sit in the ambiance, view all the eclectic antiques/nostalgia both in the restaurant and its attached stores, and have a wistful memory of the "old days."  The waitstaff was quick, well-versed in the menu, and very helpful and pleasant.  Having read all the reviews of the food, we ate before we arrived, desiring only ice cream.  Boy, they have a selection.  I mean items I haven't seen in 40 years.  My wife and I each ordered 2-scoop sundaes, figuring that one scoop would not be enough.  When a concoction as tall as my arm is long ended up on the table, I immediately remembered how it was "back in the day" when people actually gave you a hefty helping, rather than skimped/chinced on portion size.  The Rocky Road was the best I've ever had.  This sundae was the "real deal," packed with toppings, whipped cream, sauce, etc.  Here, they make them like they "used to" and boy was that a pleasant surprise.  Truly a great and delicious experience.  I'll be back for more ice cream items.  Can't believe how much treat you get for your $ !!!
3	Macaplines.. Go here for nostalgia, and a swell soda, float, or sundae. *Don't* go here for food. I've been to this place several times, I really enjoy the deserts and sodas. I've ordered food here a few times, and it just tastes so blah. I would really love it if they bought local and had more "live" food options. Everything just tastes "dead" and flavor less. The tomatoes and other veggies that I had were green and as tasteless as anything I'd get at a fast food joint. There are *very* limited vegetarian options, and maybe 1? vegan option.They have a neat shop for clothing, jewlery, furniture, and bric a brac from days gone by. Sometimes I just stop by the shop.
4	Quirky atmosphere, super friendly and cheerful staff, AMAZING prices, and my very first soda phosphate experience. Been here a few times and excited to take friends soon. Just a really great, casual experience. The food is not outstanding, but everything else MORE than makes up for it. Definitely a must-try! It's just a great place to linger and browse, which seems weird for a restaurant, but it's enjoyable.
4	NOTE: Only reviewed the soda fountain, not the food (but I wouldn't come here for the food anyways!)I'm sad to say I found this place too late during my time in AZ. I LOVE this place! The soda combinations are amazing. I've tried the phosphates, egg-creams, malts, etc. My favorite soda/ice cream combos were the casablanca and the scarlett o'hara, but its mostly because they reminded me of sherbet ... yum :)I've heard the food is horrible so I wouldn't touch it considering the many other great eateries in the area. The only flaw I have found with this place is the hours of operation...they close really early which is horrible when the late night sweet tooth hit.  Great place to go on a hot day or on the weekends...especially if you like soda.
5	I love this place I went here with a living social. I love old fashion feel places. This is def a phx jem! I had a fancy soda and ice cream basically a amazing soda cream drink that tasted like a pie! I love their uniforms here too reminded me of a serendipity :)
5	This is the best soda fountain I've ever had, AND I must say your boutique is to die for.  Every meal, every shake, every salad, are wonderful, AND your staff, the family, are warm and friendly, and have made me feel at home.
4	This place is quite the combo- vintage store, soda shop, cafe and candy store! I felt like I walked onto the set of I Love Lucy! The store portion had all kinds of goodies ranging from retro furniture that was sitting in your grandparents house to old school clothes, hats, barbies, dishes... ALL kinds of knick knacks!! We ate lunch here and that is the only reason why I'm not giving it 5 stars. I had the Mac Cheeseburger and it was OK... nothing special. The hawaiian cole slaw was ehhh too, a little dry for my taste. They had probably over 100 different "sodas" I ordered the hubba bubba soda which was flavored soda (or syrup) with strawberry ice cream. I wish I had ordered a regular flavored soda like a good old fashioned Cherry Coke! This place was awesome! It had such a fun retro vibe!
4	I love this place! (for the dessert, not the food; didn't try the food based on reviews) I'll be honest --we came because we saw they had a Butterbeer icecream float and we are huge Harry Potter nerds. But we ended up liking other stuff on the menu too. Where else can you get a huge icecream float with whipped cream and a cherry on top for $3.75? My friends and I each ordered a different float from their specialty menu (we were not adventurous enough to make up our own combo) and we each loved what we ordered. I would've drank all of mine if it hadn't been so huge. I also love the strange kitschy inside that's kind of dusty and vintage and odd. The sad part was the jukebox at our table was broken. Next time I'll play a song for sure!Only gripe is that it closes at 8. Don't they know most people want dessert between the hours of 8-10 pm??
4	Adorable.Really, so cute.The wait staff does their best to pull off the retro vibe, red lips and high ponytails.  The soda counter is covered in flavored syrups, any flavor you could dream of they have.Came in to split a banana split with my hubby, I know right?  Gross. This place does that to you though.  It all whip cream and cherries and "isn't that bobby so cute".The split was good, the price was fair, and it was a fun little time traveling experience.
4	My BFF has been trying to get me to go here for about a year now.This place is a bit overwhelming. Part soda shoppe, part thrift store, part mini diner.The thrift store portions have some great stuff. A great vintage fashion section, LOTS of records (your parents remember those, kids), and some great jewelry.The mini diner area has, what I believe is all the original booths and counter. The booths are kind of small, and though they all have jukeboxes on them, they all seemed to be out of order while we were here.They serve very simple diner food (hot dogs, hamburgers, fries, grilled cheese, etc), but their real specialty is their sodas and ice cream floats. There is a pretty large selection of sodas to choose from. We all went for the "suggested" combinations. I cant remember what mine was called, but it was red white and blue. Strawberry and vanilla ice cream in blueberry soda. So good. Warning: within 3 seconds of my 1st sip my entire mouth was blue. And it only got blue-er (and spread to my lips) with every sip. Id gladly brave the blue lips again for that delicious little step back in time.
4	THE SODAS ARE AWESOME!!! But not the Mac Chili Burger. Not tasty at all. Nope. But the sodas are great and ice cream is great. Thrifty brand if you are familiar with that brand (Rite-Aid). I had the "Rhett Butler," chocolate soda with Chocolate Malt Krunch ice cream. Yum!Really, the "Mac Chili Burger" left a LOT to be desired. The meat was dry and tough, the "Hawaiian Cole Slaw" was rather tasteless. The "chili" was made out of black beans. I like black beans. Not these. This was no chili. It was a very dry chili. I had three bites of this meal and I was done.My daughter had the "Mac Hot Dog." It was OK. Not spectacular. She said the bun tasted "funny" or "different." $4.95. My wife had a salad. My son and his wife had the "Mac Cheese Burger." He enjoyed it.So...FOOD 2 StarsAnd no french frys to be seen on the menu. This is a soda fountain. You would think.AMBIANCE 5 Stars!!!This place is incredible. He has a huge store with lots of collectables from different eras, mostly from the 50s. Antique furniture. Antique and collectable clothes. Displays with old products. So cool. A real 45 rpm jukebox. You really need to see the soda fountain and the booths. I don't know where he got them, but the booths are wood and--how do I describe this--have this classy wood attachment/facade to the wall. Interesting stuff all around.ICE CREAM TREATS 5 Stars!!!Already described the ice cream and the sodas. He has a gizillion flavors of sodas and has some menu items of ready-to-go combinations. But you can create your own with your own soda flavorings and your own ice cream flavors. The possibilities are endless.Overall, you need to experience this.
4	I always look forward to their ice cream sodas. They have great daily specials too. they have good old fashion home cookin'Ambient - Retro.
4	The decor and ambiance is just perfectly retro at MacAlpine's.  From the awesome vintage soda fountain to the waitresses appropriately styled, I love the nostalgic vibe here. My favorite meal here would have to be the veggie burger with a carrot raisin salad as the side and whatever delicious shake I decide to gorge myself on for the day. My last shake there a couple days ago was the red velvet cake shake....It is the most wonderful liquid concoction I have had there yet! They are currently having an amazing sale on vintage items too! I scored a cute grey handbag for less than $10!!
2	I can understand how this location can get some extra points for being quaint  but it will certainly not get points for being clean.  The soda I had was great but I could not get over how dirty and run down this place was.  The staff where inattentive and to be honest completely useless, the tile on the floor was pealing off, the bar looked very warn and the booth we sat in was sticky. I understand the concept but I cannot forgive dirt when I visited a location.   I won't be back again.
4	This place is cute and quaint. And then you see the thrift shop next door, and it's even more cute and quaint! I really enjoyed the chicken sandwich. I ordered an ice cream soda, the one with mango, but it wasn't anything to write home about (if I wrote home, to begin with).
2	I love Macalpines it's in my neighborhoodI get the whole vibe .With that being said They need to get a touch realistic they are becoming over priced its Thrifty ice cream Not Ben and Jerry's I'm not complaining But when a Sandwich ice tea and a Ice cream is costing $17.50  then $21.00 withTip I  think it's a little too much ..., just saying
5	I love this place.  I'm not much for the soda fountain offerings, but that's because I am always stuffed after I've eaten whatever I ordered.  I love the 'old' standbys...the egg salad sandwich and mushroom soup!  or the blt!   The wait staff is adorable.  And we get to do a little vintage shopping , too.
5	I love this place. I love the vintage decor, the attached antique stores, and the overall feeling of the place.As most of the reviews reference, McAlpines has been open since 1928 and is said to be the only surviving soda shop to make it through the Great Depression. The staff is young, and hipster. Many sporting victory rolls or Betty Bangs. They offer great soda recommendations and are are attentive and quick. Their food is consistent and classic. No frills, no fuss and great taste. The potato salad is awesome. I always order an extra side of it. Their deserts are killer. Chocolate fudge for miles. My husband had a root-beer float which he swears is the best he's ever had. There old fashioned soda fountains alter the taste of your traditional coke but for the better. They also have a ton of phosphates to choose from. Try the cherry. It's my favorite. I hope this little place continues on for generations as a institution the the days gone by...
2	We had great service, enjoyed the custom made old tyme soda fountain drinks and ice cream. Looking at the antique store connected to the restaurant was fun.  Why 2 star?  The food.  It was dreadful.  They are not even trying to make it good.  I would forgive them if they made an effort, but based on all of the other negative comments about the food you would think they might try to step it up a notch.  They have been in business forever and good for them.  If you go, go for the atmosphere, go for the soda fountain, skip the food.
5	Family owned business that serves up the best one of a kind flavors of soda floats I've ever experienced. I had "Breakfast at Tiffany's," and can't wait till my next sweet tooth to go back.
3	Overpriced,Other than that the place is fun and the service is friendly. The food was ok, nothing special. The soda & ice cream were good, but again overpriced. I can't see myself ever coming back.
5	It's official, and worth an update--the dill pickle phosphate is way too potent for anyone except the greatest of pickle freaks.  That said, I cannot recommend more strongly, the dill pickle sundae.  Yeah, I know, it sounds like there's no way that would work.  But it does!  The flavor is dominated by the vanilla ice cream with a slight and somewhat lingering hint of dill.  It really does work.  Ok, I admit it might not be for everyone, but try it.  Really.And if not, still, swing by this wonderful little slice of Americana if you find yourself up in Phoenix.  What a wonderful little place!
5	great place and atmosphere, great ice cream and malts.
2	Was excited to try this place, looked like so much fun...a soda fountain mixed with old "stuff" to shop. The vintage shopping was the highlight, cool things from jewelry to furniture and great clothes. Can not comment on food as we only tried the shakes. Our waitress was disinterested and seemed annoyed to be waiting on us after she figured out that is all we wanted. The shake had 5 inches of whip cream, which is great if I wanted a whip cream shake, scooped it off, as wanted to try the actual shake and that seemed to further annoy the waitress, as result took forever for her to come and remove dirty things. Shake was just okay...took my dad as thought he would get a kick out of the place. His comment was "when does the strawberry flavor kick in?" meaning the shake had no flavor.  -if I am going to splurge on another shake though, sorry this will not be the place, giant hamburger on Lindsay has the best. And the staff are phenomenal....always friendly. Sorry wanted to like this place...the other staff seemed nice enough and I think one of the other girls noticed and tried to make better when we checked out...so at least they tried. But won't return for the food or shakes. I will stop to peruse antiques again after I eat at one of the other restaurants along the same street.
4	So when I first wakled into MacAlpine's {the restaurant part} I felt like I was walking into the 1955 diner from Back to the Future. Very awesome soda bar, with about every flavor of soda known to man. I quickly ordered a strawberry-banana soda and looked at the menu. For the most part it's a very simple menu, they obviously don't have fryers so the sides are kind of lame {bagged potato chips, really?} but I was not disappointed in the hamburger I got! Mmmmmmm! So delicious! Real cheese, a nice meaty taste and the bun seriously melted in my mouth - dare I say freshly baked? Now for the dessert! We got the turtle sundae and it was amazing!! The portion size will not disappoint, and the ice cream had the perfect texture and consistency. Really loved my first visit to MacAlpine's and I will definitely be going back for round two and three and four and...
3	Step back in time and experience an old-fashioned soda fountain right here in Arizona! The surrounding area has changed quite a bit, but inside MacAlpine's Soda Fountain it's still 1929. Lunch and dinner selections include comfort food classics such as meatloaf, burgers, sloppy joe's, and egg salad sandwiches. Don't forget to try a malt shake, phosphate soda, egg cream, or soda in one of the 30-something flavors (from sarsaparilla to bubble gum)! We came here on a Saturday and our group sampled the chocolate malt shake ($5.50), Sloppy Joe ($6.95), Pastrami Rueben Sandwich ($7.50), and a small sundae in one of the old wooden booths. All Sandwiches are served with your choice of Potato Salad, Hawaiian Cole Slaw, Carrot Raisin Salad, Carrot & Celery Sticks or Potato Chips. The Hawaiian Cole Slaw appeared to be missing the "Hawaiian" part of the dish but the potato salad was good as was the carrot raisin salad. This is a fun restaurant to visit with out of town guests or families with kids that want to enjoy a sundae with the little ones.
3	This place is super cool. Old school soda shop with an antique store attached. Awesome. I came here with my family and ordered lunch. The food was fine but I won't lie it could certainly be better. We ordered a grilled cheese sandwich for my son and it came out with one of the pieces of bread being the butt end of the loaf. Come on!!!  The service started off pretty good but as the place seemed to get busier our waitress seemed to disappear into the abyss. There are only so many seats in this place so please staff appropriately. The ice cream/soda is certainly the star of the show and the reason to come here. I went standard issue vanilla milkshake and couldn't be happier by wide ordered some pink concoction and was thrilled with it. My son got a green ninja drink and was wired with sugar delight for the next 3 hours. I will come back here I just won't order food next time.
4	This place is really cute and unique and definitely feels like an old-timey soda fountain.I love the antique thrift store that is attached to it and the decorations and the fancy little bar.The staff is a little iffy sometimes, some of the staff is nice and excited, other times they are half dead. The food is good, a little simple for my taste and price range, but my boyfriend loves it. The potato salad is great. He likes the food (but he likes simple stuff like sandwiches and hot dogs), but his favorite is definitely the soda.They have a HUGE menu of different types of drinks. Very nice place to have a treat, but if you're going to get just one thing, definitely get a dessert rather than a meal. Their sundaes are huge, too! So good!
4	The food here is good to average, but if you're coming here expecting former then you're just being silly. I would say expect your typical dinner fare; however, they do have a few vegetarian options. The sodas and ice cream sodas are of course the main attraction. The butter beer...OMG delicious! Exactly how I would've imagined it to taste when reading the books. In other words, to die for! Have had the Snow White one as well, which is good, but no comparison to the butter beer.
5	I love this place. Me and my buddy went and got floats one day. Today im leaving the Phoenix art museum. As im passing it I decide to grab a float. I got  orange soda vanilla float. So freaking good. I recommend sitting at the bar. Old school bar stools bolted into the ground. great atmosphere, and you can enjoy a great list part of American culture.
4	Nostalgia on steroids. This is the real deal Complete with cheerful staff. Ruben sandwich was just the right size with a delicious pineapple infused coleslaw. Even the patrons were cheerful! My dining guest thought the hot dog was ordinary. But the chocolate soda was divine!
5	Been living in Arizona for almost 4 years now finally went too this place they have the best Reuben sandwich and also there potatoes salad and can't forget there awesome dessert . Great place
4	Quick stop...hot dog and a shake for a good price and nostalgic atmosphere. Great service even when the place is full. Will go back for more shakes, the floats or soda ice cream mixes are also viable options. Mix and match allow for crazy combos.
2	The ambiance is cool and the wait staff are friendly....BUT....the menu is tired and the prices are expensive for the quality of food.  Great for a tourist...get you in there one time...but for a native like myself....there are too many great places in walking distance for them to compete with.  They really need to shake up the menu and audit their pricing.
5	Yum! Try one of everything! So so good! Their burgers are delicious,  yummy potato salad.  Their vintage shop is amazing! Fair prices. Customer service is super friendly. I live in san diego California and drive out to Phoenix just for this gem.
4	There are so many delicious float options!  The staff is friendly and I definitely felt like I went back in time. I didn't try any food so can't say much about that, but the float was awesome with extra soda and lots of ice cream. Cute antique store attached.
1	Awful.  First impression:  bad.  Two of the front windows were broken, and at first glance all that was visible were the two thrift stores that bookend the "restaurant".  The eating section looked quaint at first: clearly the original counter with lots of interesting items wreathed around it.  But upon closer look, the counter was in disrepair, trim had fallen off in places, and shelves were missing, requiring supplies and table settings to not only be displayed, but piled in a jumble on the surviving shelves in full view of customers.  Worse, the jukebox was broken which we only found out after we already wasted 2 bits.Service:  terrible.  The wait staff was young and in need of training.   Our waiter didn't write down our order and had to ask 3 questions because he forgot.  Then two mistakes still were made with the order including an incorrect entree served.  There was a large table behind us our waiter also was serving and I overheard that a child's order was completely forgotten.  Dude, just write it down!  You're not ready for a big boy server gig, it's okay.Food:  deplorable.   Other reviews correctly assess the embarrassing "hamburgers", but the fountain drinks (we had the root beer float and Breakfast at Tiffany's ) were weak sauce (literally).  I had the Ruben with potato salad which was decent, but I was pretty hungry and would have eaten anything.  I would have preferred fries but they weren't in the menu, no deep fryer either ?Overall the ambience was that of a David lynch movie spliced with "The Road".  Clearly the brainchild of a spinster with dementia, this place may have seemed quaint in some rim town 20 years ago ,  but on Central Ave in PHX in 2014?  Bizarre.  Or rather bazaar, because you are eating a dubious meal surrounded by moth eaten clothes, rusty metal, and grubby rummage sale items.  The only thing missing are shouting fishmongers.
3	Nice old environment, really has the oldies them going on. Kind of in weird location on 7th st, not what I expected.With the choice of 99 syrup flavors, it can be overwhelming when deciding however the soda drink was good.I had the chicken/bacon wrap and was horribly sick(bathroom wise) within two hours so cannot vouch for the food quality and might stick to ice cream only next time
4	Pleasantly Surprised!!!   After reading so many bad reviews about service, I was ready for some pretty crappy service. I was pleasantly surprised how the staff was friendly, attentive and quick with service. Since so many raved about the potato salad we decided to at least sample a side of it even though we were just there for dessert. It was really good and we wished for a huge bowl of it after. We had the Turtle Sundae, Rootbeer Shake and a Coffee/Caramel Shake. All three desserts were tasty and we can't wait to come back and try other variations.
4	The food was really good and they have an amazing selection of ice cream sodas... Would take weeks to try them all. The reason I am taking off a star is because of the service. Our server was nice but we had to remind her a few times about items we ordered and ended up not getting things we ordered at the beginning until we were done eating, and our server points to some other employees behind her and says "blame them". And then they still forgot a shake. But in general it was a nice place that we'd go to again.
4	It's a cute place with a history. The lighting is dim which makes it a little stuffy. I came here for the hot fudge sundae, which was delicious, but it's also hard to go wrong with ice cream! I wouldn't come here again because the food doesn't seem spectacular, but if you're looking for a good sundae, definitely check it out!
4	While vacationing in Phoenix, I found out that there was a local 50s-style diner. My husband and I are both into oldies music, so naturally we had to check it out! Initially the place caused confusion, as there were several entrances in a row, but we figured out we had to enter through an antique store. We loved all of the old stuff on display in the diner. The waitress was friendly and dressed for the era, albeit not in a poodle skirt. We asked for time to peruse the menu, as there were a mind-boggling amount of shake flavors to choose from. I opted to mix two flavors for my shake: passionfruit and black cherry, which turned out to be a scrumptious blend. My husband got coffee, but it tasted so weak that he swapped it out for blackberry. We were told it was weak because it had just been made with coffee ice cream rather than using their coffee syrup. Why? We don't know. The music wasn't 100% consistent with the theme. Part of the time it was oldies, and the other part was 80s. For our lunch, we both ordered the same thing-pastrami on rye with potato salad. The reviewers are spot-on about the potato salad, it's quite good. The sandwich was pretty good as well. After eating, we browsed the antique shop on the other side. I found it strange that the restaurant is sandwiched between two of them. Another odd thing is they were selling some clothes and old family photos along with the antiques. I didn't really get why people would want to buy photos of somebody else's family, but oh well. We definitely enjoyed our experience, so we would eat here again if we came back to Phoenix.
1	My dad was in town to celebrate his birthday & I thought this would be a really fun place to bring him one afternoon for dessert.  As we walked in we were told to seat ourselves.  As we sat down a server came with menus & my mom told him that we were just here for dessert.  He gave a little sigh of annoyance & said he would be back to take our order.  He came by & dropped off 2 waters (um, there's 4 of us.) We just shrugged it off & ordered. My mom ordered a sundae, my dad, husband & I ordered floats. He dropped them off & we never saw him again. He was actually ignoring us. I was so embarrassed that I picked this place! The floats were just okay, very artificial tasting.  We finally went up to the front & the cashier asked where our ticket was, we explained we didn't have one so she also gave us a sigh of annoyance & went to find our server. Well excuse us for spending $30 on ice cream! You'd think with those prices the service would be much better. We'll take our money somewhere else next time.
3	Good food, cute atmosphere, but server ruined it for us. He had curly hair and was wearing a bow tie- did not listen to what we ordered, didn't bring water until our food was ready (it was hot outside!), and got us some lemons we had asked for twice just before we left to pay. It wasn't busy. Come on.
5	A wonderful soda/ice cream bar!From the old-fashion decor to the top-notch selections to the wonderful waitress!I love ice cream immensely, but I swear our waitress loved ice cream as much as I do. And that's certainly a plus! It's always great to know your server can honestly recommend you great items on the menu because they love it as much as you do.As for what we ordered: The King Kong, Beerbutter, and Lucky Leprechaun.The King Kong? Really good. Beerbutter? Also really good. Mixed together? MAGIC. Stick two straws in your mouth and have at it!The Lucky Leprechaun was also wonderful - but admittedly, I was never a fan of mint ice creams... despite that, I still drank this lovely float and enjoyed it wonderfully~I can't say for sure how it tasted when mixed with BOTH the King Kong and Beer Butter, mostly because by then my stomach, tongue, and throat had been sweetened to the point of no return.I also ordered a Yin & Yang on the side as my main meal (Did I mention that I *love* ice cream?), which was absolutely delicious.And my partner ordered a sloppy joe, which was surprisingly sweet! That was also delicious.I will say, as someone who's eaten tons of ice cream from various restaurants, bars, stores, and hole-in-the-walls: Their ice cream quality isn't perfectly amazing. Their toppings and syrups aren't top-notch.As I'm not a soda-expert, I can't account for the quality of the sodas.What makes this place earn five stars, however, is the overall, combined experience.The flavor choices, with their fun names and creative combinations... The customizations you can add that seem infinite... The warm, homey environment... The interesting bits and bobs to stare at... And the smiling service...? All added up to an unforgettable experience.I wish I lived in the area so I could come here again and again. Those of you lucky enough to be in the area: Go in and try it out!
5	Super cute, and eclectic.  I loved the vibe of the place from the minute I walked in.  We had a shake and wondered around, but I can't attest to anything else.  All of the servers were nice and helpful and the shake was super yummy.
3	really cool place great selection of ice cream soda's the food was ok but you come here for the ice cream treats they even had hot chocolate for my almost son-in-law he's a little bit crazy. Its connected to a vintage store that you can check out after your cool treats, I will surely be coming back for more ice cream
3	After passing by here a million times, I finally went in due to my mother having several groupons to this place and needing to use them. The shop is cuter than I expected with many interesting antiques for sale spanning 3 (maybe more?) rooms. The prices for the antiques seemed to be fair or more than fair when compared to other antique shops in the neighborhood. The soda fountain portion of the restaurant is cute and set up like an old diner. I don't know about eating food here, but the ice cream was good. I tried the turtle sundae which was tasty.... nothing crazy, but good. The husband had the root beer float, which he enjoyed and my mom had some mint chip, which she liked. Overall it was good, nothing mind blowing, but solid. The service was friendly and efficient. The prices were on par with other ice cream places. I would go back if I wanted an old style sundae, but I couldn't see myself frequenting this place (seemed like more of a family place).
1	The food was very average, the customer service poor, and the employees quite unprofessional. My garlic bread was literally toast. No garlic at all. I had to ask her to bring me the box of garlic powder from the kitchen to season it myself. The spaghetti itself was a bit bland, but was still okay. My waitress didn't come up to me when asking me questions. She stayed behind a counter 90% of the time and just spoke loudly to have me hear. On top of which, when I asked her for a glass of water, she slammed it on my table, and spilled part of it onto the table itself. She barely glanced back and walked away, as if she hadn't noticed. At the end, I asked to speak to the manager, and a woman in her pajamas came out to talk to me. She was, in all honesty and truth, wearing a tank top, pink penguin sweat pants, slippers, and her bra straps were easily noticed. It seemed as if she had just woken from a nap in her office. When I explained what happened, she: sighed, face-palmed, and began to lecture me about how the waitresses can't focus on any single customer when the place is full, and gave a lazy apology before walking back to her office. I left thoroughly disappointed and angry, and never plan to return.
3	Great ambiance. Overall good look. Customer service could use some help. Great selection of ice cream. Food was decent but not a highlight.
2	Bought a Groupon and used #1 of 3.  Not sure I will go back to use the other 2. The food was not good at all. Ordered a cheeseburger, potato salad another bacon cheeseburger and Hawaiian coleslaw.  To drink we ordered a chocolate malt and a strawberry shake. The cheeseburgers were frozen patties and cooked clean into next week. Dry hockey pucks. The potato salad was ok the Hawaiian coleslaw was very blah.. The shake and malt were delicious even though they were not delivered until our burgers were finished. The waitstaff was like the walking dead, they had not an ounce of enthusiasm. When we sat down not one person acknowledged we were there. Waitress was not friendly either. No French fries!!! Potato salad, chips, coleslaw, carrot raisin salad. Wow! This place could be a goldmine, how about a friendly staff, and pattied burgers and if you can't have a deep fryer, how about some American Fries made from good old boiled potatoes. Put it this way, you get out of the place what you put into it and this place needs to step it up!
4	It has taken me tooooo long to come here.  That may be a good thing because now I am hooked.  Having been told early on that it is their soda fountain that shines and the food is just *meh*, I have only ever tried their ice cream and sodas.  Currently I am hooked on their floats and ice cream sodas.  So many soda flavors to choose from and a list of favorite flavor combos, it can be the nightmare of someone as indecisive as myself. To date I really have only had their "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes" ice cream soda which is butterscotch soda with pecan praline ice cream.  Honestly the quality pecan praline ice cream makes this drink, with generous ribbons of caramel and toasted candied pecans mixed into creamy vanilla ice cream (thank you Thrifty!).Mix all that goodness with the butterscotch soda and YUMMM!!  I went back to try it with butterbeer flavor and didn't find it much different but still as tasty.  Having asked a few servers what their favorites were  I now look forward to trying the "James Dean " and a "Chocolate Egg Cream"....
5	This venue has been around since I was a little girl. They have staying power because it's just good homemade ice cream.
5	I have been to this location many many times and each time the service is great, the food is amazing, and I always want to get an ice cream!. The coffee is good along with the shakes.. Though it's open for lunch and dinner I will most likely come back every day for lunch if I could!! Recommend this place!
2	The decor is less vintage and more just hasn't been cleaned or changed in a few decades. The portions were smaller than you'd expect, which my girlfriend suggested might be a harken back to the day. Problem is the prices aren't proportionate. My pastrami and Swiss on marble rye was pretty burnt and fairly bland. The potato salad hardly had any flavor.I thought perhaps my taste buds were off except the root Beer float was pretty tasty. Watching a waitress pickup spilled food off the floor with her bare hands, throw it away, then turn around and serve two plates to other customers did it for me. The ice cream was good, but other places know how to scoop from a carton too...
2	Start off with the good parts, nice decor and antique shop feel cute store in the back and bathrooms are big. Bad parts, small portions  for the price, no refills on drinks, my burger was very tough, ice cream was so-so. Pretty dissatisfied with this place, will not be returning.
5	If you want to step back in time, this is the spot to go!!!  Vintage goodies all over, a vintage thrift shop attached , good food and GREAT ice cream creations.
5	Wow, what a great piece of history. Wayne Newton was a patron as a kid and discovered right in this soda fountain joint. Root beer floats are the best. We are hooked and can't wait to come back!
2	Went there for the first time in a long time.   Food was mediocre at best.   Chef's salad was probably the poorest one I have had in a long time.   Vegetables were fresh and of a sufficient quantity.   However,  the hard boiled egg was food service.  No bacon, which almost always comes in a chef's salad.  Meats were the cheapest of the cheap.  Couldn't really pick out what the flavor was, with the exception of sodium. Went here with an Entertainment BOGO.  The small print on the coupon stated after 5 PM.  I missed the fine print,  but the server didn't.  Interesting to note that they close at 7 PM.  This is a very short window.   IF we had gotten the BOGO,  the rating probably would have been a 3.  Would we come back?   Possibly after 5 PM to use the BOGO if we were in the area.  Definitely would not make this a destination, however.
5	Excellent place to go as a couple, family or group. It's like taking a step back in time with both an antique store and a nostalgic restaurant. The food is comfort food and the drinks are right from the soda fountain. The staff is friendly and attentive. I recommend going to see for yourself, you won't be disappointed.
5	After arriving in Phoenix, my wife and I had to get a burger at Five Guys.  We then were craving some good ice cream.  Checked out Yelp and the reviews definitely didn't disappoint.  This place is awesome.  Great atmosphere and fun environment.  The ice cream was out of this world.  Would recommend to anyone coming to Phoenix to check this place out.  Would give it 6 STARS if I could.
4	Loved this place and my guests loved it. Im not a fan of oldschool drinks, but food, atmosphere, service - awesome. Will go again for sure with more friends.
