4	This is a charming weekly farmer's market in Downtown Chandler. It is every Thursday from 3pm-7pm. There is beautiful, fresh, local, organic produce and eggs. There are also homemade Tamales, salsas, honey, olive oils, vinegars, jams and breads. They have live music and lots of crafts to buy. I bring my dog and mosey around. Bring cash, most places do not take plastic. After shopping you can head over to one of the local restaurants for a happy hour drink or snack. A nice way to spend a sunny afternoon.
2	Having been to farmer's markets all across the west coast, I expected more from this one.I wished they had more food vendors there.  It would really draw a pretty massive following if there were at least 4-5 food vendors that sold good food.
1	I understand  farmers markets, local and organic foods are really trendy right now, but I'm not about to pay $4 for a head of lettuce.  It was disappointing because I've been to farmers markets in other states and the idea is you buy direct from the farmer, you get huge amounts of fresh, quality, sometimes unique  food for a great price. Not so here. There was not one peice of produce I felt was worth the extravagant prices. Seriously, everything I saw was jaw dropping expensive.  It wasn't specified if it was organic or not, but even if it was, i can get a better price just going to Sunflower.  Also, while the other crafts were nice, there were more crafters than farmers
2	I wasn't too impressed with this Farmer's Market - it really doesn't hold a candle to the Gilbert one on Sat nor the Ahwatukee one on Sundays.  Their selection is very, very limited and it's mostly crafters than farmers.  Perhaps the farmers are busy getting ready for Sat and Sun events that it's just not worth attending this day's events.  Oh well - it's a good concept and I think with time and with proper community demand, this one could grow to be bigger and offer a true farm selection because there are plenty of us that support it.
3	I agree with the other reviewers that there is less produce here than you would expect and what they do have is overpriced... though it looked great. But there are still a lot of other yummy food related offerings. And it's still a great shop local opportunity. I loved being able to buy some homemade salsa and popsicles from my fellow Arizonans.
4	I've been going to the Chandler Farmer's Market since long before the city got behind it and turned it into a craft fair. The primary produce vendor has an exceptional selection of fresh local produce, there are a number of smaller farms that offer additional variety, and you can pick up a loaf of Great Harvest Bread until the weather gets too hot. Personally, I like it best in summer, when the city doesn't lend much of a hand, and all the gawkers and haters aren't milling around. Makes parking easier for those of us who really want to support our community!
