4	This Ruby Tuesday is nicer than most.  There were wine glasses on the tables at lunch and the more upscale furnishings and booths made me wish I was wearing a blazer.  But service was friendly and lively as usual.  Our host ended up being our waiter which made me wonder if they were short staffed.  But  he never let our drinks run out.  And he apologized when my sandwich came out with cheese on it by mistake.  It's a big sign of competency and integrity to me when they recognize something wasn't exactly the way you wanted it and offer to correct it.  So I like them. The Morrocroft Village shopping center where this is located looks a little stuffy, like the central hub of a college campus.  But it's easy walking distance from the restaurant to the Border's and Starbucks.  Which makes it a nice place for a relaxing, albeit corporate, afternoon of shopping and chilling out.  It was 32 degrees out so we were happy.
4	I love the croutons here, it's strange to be obsessed with such a minor part of a salad, but these have the best consistency!  I could tell that they weren't the pre-packaged kind; these are made from bread crumbs in the kitchen.  I can honestly just grab a plate of croutons and ranch dressing and go to town.  That's quite enough info on the croutons, but damn you will understand when you eat them.  The veggie burger here is pretty tasty too, it isn't one of those frozen Morningstar burgers; it is pretty plump and wholesome.  I have always had good service from these lively folks and I need to go back and eat more croutons.  I am salivating right now.
3	So, um... this is definitely a guilty pleasure for me. And it's all about the salad bar. It's always fresh, always super-cold, and has numerous forms of vegetarian friendly protein on it. The blue cheese dressing is also frickin' tasty, and for 8 bucks, I have yet to find a better, more consistent salad bar.If someone calls me while we're eating here, I either don't pick up the phone, or lie about where I'm at. Hehe. But that doesn't stop me from eating here at least once a month.
4	Another Ruby Tuesday's. Like McDonald's, Ruby's has a formula and they execute it right down to the letter including my favorite semi-crunchy pumpernickel croutons on the salad bar.Burgers, burgers, burgers, all are with their overly salted "bottomless fries" which I'm sure is designed to make you drink more. Since I'm usually on the H20, this doesn't translate into a higher booze bill. They do have other entrees, but I've never strayed from the burgers. I wonder if anyone actually comes here and has the ribs??Salad bar! Refillable! Excellent stuff! It's usually very well cared for and stocked. Even during the busiest hours, it is rare to find something out.It's casual dining with a very full selection at the bar. Would I come here again? Sure. Consistency is nice sometimes. I can't find a thing wrong to say about the place, but it's just not a "five stars" restaurant.
3	I went to Ruby Tuesday the other day because my 83 year old great aunt took me out to lunch, what was I to say?  She had a coupon of all things.  We all joke about my father's side of the family being tight with money.  Too funny, she had a stack of coupons.  I always get the same thing when I go, really that is my secret to chain restaurants, just stick with a burger or chicken sandwich.   Who cares if they chicken arrives on a truck with grill marks?  Ruby Tuesday has 2 mini burgers with salad bar for $8.  That is a no brainer.  And they just added pimento cheese option  to the burgers, this makes me happy.Two things I miss from the good ole days, on the salad bar- they used to have bread and butter pickles and pineapple.  Whhyyyyy? in my most dramatic voice.
3	The Colony & Sharon location closed.
3	Closed, and soon to be an ABC.
