5	For all of you last minute christmas card sending people, this is the place for you!  That is if you live in the arcadia 'hood.  There is often only 1 or 2 people in line, you can browse cards from the Camelback Village Pharmacy while waiting and the woman behind the counter is actually nice!
1	The lady that works there is very rude. She wouldn't take my package because she could not scan it, okay that is fine, a little ridiculous but fine. No need to be rude about it, I didn't even put up a fight. She told me to take it to the post office, okay that is fine as well. She gave me the wrong cross streets (there is no post office close to where she told me to go). That was probably just an honest mistake. However, there is no need to be rude about it!
2	This review is for the woman behind the USPS counter and not the pharmacy. The couple times I've dealt with the pharmacy they've been great. There is one USPS staff member however who is a total B.  It's hard to put your finger on exactly what it is that makes her so  - but to try, she is a smug know-it-all who just rubs me the wrong way. I don't usually review a place unless I have something nice to say, but I just couldn't let this one go.  In these tough economic times I'd prefer to see someone there who values their job enough to be kind to the patrons.
1	If you are thinking about going to the quanit Postal Station next to AJs to avoid the grumpy US postal employee syndrome... don't  They are just as grumpy and unhelpful as any other postal employee.There were no other customers on my last visit there... and yet the woman behind the counter had me feeling like I was a dunce for not knowing everything about the US Customs forms within seconds.  Geographically the closest and most convenient USPS to my house... yet I will go to great lengths to avoid it in the future.  The one at Scottsdale Rd and McDowell is still the best in my book.
2	I've sent documents out of this office twice via Priority Mail. Both times it has taken a week or more for the item to be delivered. Priority Mail is supposed to take 2-3 Days.If you have something that has to be delivered quickly... I wouldn't recommend using USPS. Use Fed-EX, UPS, hell... use a Carrier Pigeon! If you can figure out any other way, it will probably get there faster than if you use USPS.On this recent episode, I spoke to someone at this office and the excuse I was given is that my item was stuck in Chicago because of a Winter Vortex.... I'm no meteorologist, but I do have access to the internet. When I checked Weather dot com it didn't look like there was an extreme snow storm in the past week.I spoke to someone at the Arcadia Post Office as well and they could give me no answer as to where my item was currently located. During all of this, I was fiddling around on the USPS website to see who else I could email, and found this new commercial....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01rJBQ2IjbQAfter watching that, my Spidey Sense was tingling, or maybe it was just a surge of adrenaline fury after hearing the lady say "Don't worry, the United States Postal Service will get it there ON TIME with PRIORITY MAIL flat rate shipping".... LIES! Not only has USPS screwed me over twice by delivering items late, but now they've sullied the good name of SpiderMan by including him in their filthy web of late package delivery-ness. Notice how the YouTube video doesn't allow comments either... Good choice USPS.The only way I will ever use USPS for anything urgent again is if SpiderMan takes the package from my hand and delivers it himself. Believe it or not, this was finally resolved. I ended up having to file a missing package case with the USPS customer service hotline. They gave me a case number and to their credit, that seemed to prod someone. Two days later my package was finally scanned and started its course again. What should have taken 2-3 days, took 10 days. On the bright side, at least it wasn't truly lost forever, but WTF... talk about frustrating. This was going to be my second 1-star review, but after receiving 2 follow up calls from Kim who works at this location, I bumped it up to two. I appreciate her being efficient and thorough... even if the USPS system is not.
5	All new staff.  Super friendly and personable.
