5	The tram that runs between Mirage and TI is perfect on those hot summer days when you want to avoid the strip. By taking the tram you avoid the following: 1. Getting hit by a taxi.2. Getting hit by a drunk driver.3. Getting hit by a drunk person.4. Passing out due to heat exhaustion.This tram arrived every couple minutes and is fast, so hold on. It's also free. I suggest using it after seeing Mystere to avoid the crowded mess that follows.
5	The tram is fast, easy, free, and convenient to use. I was a bit skeptical because I read in a guide book that it is faster to walk between the two hotels than it is to take the tram....after taking it, I do not understand how that is possible! I would highly recommend taking the tram between the two hotels.
5	Im the first to write a review, hmmm,I fell asleep in the train ;) awesome ride.Great a/c to cool u down
5	This is a high efficient, fast way of getting between two hotels.
5	When you can't walk cause you're either tired or s/f drunk, this tram is well forth it - cause it's free.  Use it.
5	This tram is the best because instead of walking outside in the heat , you can save some time and ride the tram.  Yeah it seems lazy to do, but hey when you've spent the entire weekend walking your ass around this tram will be your savior.  Its free too!
4	Any time there is a tram to get from one Vegas hotel to another, you should take it. Always a good break from walking the strip when you're out all day. This tram runs all hours of the day and a good portion of the night as well. The tram that I was on was very clean and wasn't real crowded. Not sure if it would be pleasant during times when people are crammed in on a super hot day, but its best to avoid Vegas during those times anyway.
5	Super useful.Despite the fact that the Mirage is right next to the TI, if you are planning on taking a walk down the strip from TI, then every little bit helps because it is a LONG way.Even from these hotels, it's nice to ride for free and is frequent so there's never really much wait.
5	This Mirage and Treasure Island Tram was originally built to transport guests instead of waling in the desert heat back when it was owned by Mirage Resorts and it has mistys to cool patrons off and that was a plus. When you exit the Tram into Treasure Island you are already inside the 2nd level and you take an escalator down to the casino and you have safely made it inside without dealing with homeless people, drunks and hookers. I gave this Tram 5 stars because it's very reliable and FREE!
5	The tram is perfect after you are tired of walking all day. Runs every few minutes from TI to Mirage. We used it maybe 5 times on our last visit...great especially in the heat...and its FREE!
3	well it is free and this is Vegas
5	thank you Mirage and TI for not making me walk more then I had to in the hot 110 degree Nevada Heat and the sprinklers were a nice touch.
4	stay out of the hot ass sun!!    door to door service
4	Very convenient. Was traveling between Harrah's and the Wynn which is quite the walk when it's 115 degrees outside. The best part is it's free! I had to walk a much shorter distance by crossing the street to the Mirage, taking the tram to T.I., and then crossing the street to the Wynn. Much better!! Take advantage of the free things in Vegas!
5	TI Tram, where have you been all of my clubbing life? All of those freezing nights walking back from XS... All of those nights where my heels ate my feet alive... all of those days where the walk to Fashion Show Mall seemed like trekking to Egypt and back..... you ALWAYS find these awesome treasures at the end of your trip. But I'm here to tell you if you are headed north on the strip, taking this little beaut is worth it! Warm, quick, and easy (much like many other things in vegas) the tram will get you there in a flash (hey-ooo).We lucked out and didn't have to wait, but we were in Vegas over a holiday weekend and I never saw a line, however, stranger things have happened. Ride it. Choo Choo.
4	This tram is located in the back of the two casino resorts. The tram itself is nice, but the ride is quite short. But, if you don't feel like walking across from the one resort to the next, then this will help you get over. This is also free too! Have fun!
5	Absolutely love this tram.  Not only is it free, it's clean and quick, and sure beats walking from the Mirage to TI.
5	Thank goodness for this Treasure Island/ Mirage Tram train.  I think this was the first tram in Las Vegas.  Ride this train to escape the heat when trying to walk between Mirage to Treasure Island.  it protects you from the sun, the heat and gives your feet a break from all the walking you do in Vegas.
5	The word here......FREE! Nothing is free? Yes it is! This tram is totally free and only goes a short distance but your feet will thank you.   It runs consistently and quickly til late at night....actually til the am hours for clubbers.We were in Vegas during the week so the tram was not crowded at all.  The people on the tram were friendly and doing the same thing we were doing; avoiding the heat and saving the feet lol!  It's clean  and safe and a great way to travel between casinos when your goal is to go to each one!
4	The TI/Mirage tram is a nice little option to have.  We stayed at the Mirage on our recent visit to Vegas and decided to check out TI since it was right next door.  The tram will save you about a 5-7 minute walk.  Basically the walk out to the strip from the Mirage and back into TI.  It's nice, especially in those Vegas summers.  It's free, which is awesome..but honestly, it wouldn't be worth a charge if they did ever decide to implement one.  It's clean and I believe it stops every 15 or so minutes.
