4	My husband's grandma is staying here for a while until she gets better. Located in the southwest part of the valley, right off 215 and Jones. This is a free-standing buliding with its own parking lot. It is a state-of-the-art facility. It seemed like all the details were planned out. Decor is Elegant Victorian theme (but not gothic). Inside the lobby to your immediate right, is the check-in desk (noone was there when we arrived), the nurse desk (though noone was sitting down), coffee/cocoa/tea station, and popcorn machine. To the left of the lobby is the formal dining room with 9 round tables most paired with 3 chairs, with a large private dining section (rectangular table), and a coffee/cocoa/tea station in the corner, next to the kitchen. There was a settee near the front of the dining room, and there were several chandeliers (think swanky and elegant, very pretty, but not gawdy). On the wall, was a flat-screen showing the menu items for the day, featuring all three meals with alternates on the bottom of the screen. When the screen changes, the designated activities are also displayed, bingo and yahtzee on designated days, for example. Further left from the dining room, is the fitness room- a large room (also where there is a fireplace, massage tables (complimentary massages, but must sign up for it), another break room, another bathroom, small reading corner with about 40 paperbacks, and water dispenser). There were cardio machines, as well as a walking bar bridge (for rehab). It looks to be like a multi-purpose room with recreation for the patients. There was also a tv, a huge beautiful table made from a tree trunk, as well as a bar table made from a barrel complete with bar chairs. Far left, is the bathroom- these bathrooms were nice! My FIL wanted us to see them, that's how nice they were. Oiled bronze faucet with a modern decorator bowl sink. Looked like it would belong inside a house. In the middle, is the sitting area with several leather couches, the left wall, a small media/business center with an aquarium (Finding Nemo is the theme and there is a framed chart on the wall). Past the nurse desk area, is the Beauty Parlor (certain days), looks like one appointment to the room. We just about saw all the common areas.  Down the hallway are the rooms. It is one patient to a room. My husband's grandma's room had a bathroom with an open shower (also equipped with toiletries and sanitizer), a nice set-up on the left of her room with a built-in bookcase type shelving system with a microwave (white) and mini-fridge (also white). Her bed (had the remote to call the nurse) had a side bed table alongside. To the right of the bed, was a side table with telephone and tv channel guide, leather chair and ottoman (nice!). Along the opposite wall (of the bed) was a flat-screen tv/ console area. There was also a small round table with two chairs (same type of furniture throughout the building, keeping with the overall Victorian theme). Also, there was a wheelchair in the room. Her room was near the end of the hallway, where there was a back door to get some air or smoke.   Because the decor is upscale and very ornate, you do not get the feeling of dread and doom, that icky sterile feeling from a hospital. It feels like a resort- it looks and feels luxurious. It was nice to keep the theme the same in the lobby, the common areas, and the guest rooms. It looked very clean. It also looked pretty new. The nursing staff wore scrubs (not matching) while the kitchen staff wore black uniforms similar to scrubs. They seemed nice; we were greeted with smiles and acknowledged. We didn't see many other visitors. I've been to other facilities (my mom used to be in the group care business) and this place is in another class. Definitely where one would want to be, given the choice, and if insurance covered it.
1	Do NOT let the appearance of this facility fool you. The nursing care is REALLY BAD - and the Director of Nursing, Grace, is the WORST DON I have ever encountered and her CNAs are incompetent. My mom recieved horrible care here - including pressure sores and a UTI that sent her to the ER. To make matters worse, when they shipped her off to the ER, they gave up her bed without telling family and we were left to scramble to find a bed for our 87 year old mom post stroke. Unconscionable. We are filing complaints with Medicare and the State Dept of Health. We have since learned that their common practice is to discharge patients with no notice when they need a bed for the next patient they want to milk Medicare for, or they get too many complaints about their care. The ONLY good thing about this place is the therapy - but therapy does no good if the nursing staff neglects the patient and they contract pressure sores and urinary tract infections and end up in the hospital.
1	My mom stayed at their new facility off of tenaya next to mountainview Hospital in North Las Vegas. Like a review below, it's a really nice facility.. on the outside...They don't accept insurance here. so we paid cash for my mom to be there for rehab after a stroke. At first, I noticed some of the growing pains, forgetting my mom's dinner once, a little disorganized though their response time was usually good. We paid them thinking we would be getting some rehab every day. The weekends are really lax.. you might get some time, you might not. They try to increase the rehab time during the week so the AVERAGE rehab time carries them through the weekend.  That looks great on paper, but when a patient comes here for rehab to get well, and the patient and family is expecting daily rehab, that was not given! the money paid on the weekend is the same as during the week.. seems like a bit of a rip off..Things I've noticed toward the end of her stay.. when she called for a nurse to help her, the time seemed to have gotten longer.. I went to the nurse's station to see what is taking so long, and saw one of the head nurses doing makeup, giving another nurse a flu shot or something, but it seemed like they were joking around .. unprofessional!! it almost seemed like I was being so bothersome to them asking them to attend to the call that my mom made for assistance.  In the end, that nurse didn't even come, she sent someone else to go see my mom.Lastly, and this is the most important for people who are thinking about going there, when we were leaving the facility, I asked for all the meds we gave them prescriptions for. They said they can't dispense it to us. (I did see cards of 30 day meds for my mom) If they can't dispense it to us, and they accepted our prescriptions, WHAT do they do with the extra medicine?I had to go to the pharmacy that evening to get the meds she needed. The pharmacy did not have her blood pressure medication on hand, so it would be Monday until they could get it. (it was friday).. I called the facility back to see if they can just give me 3 to cover her for the weekend, and they once again said they can't dispense.. but I asked them again, what do they do with the medicine that they received with OUR prescription, and she yelled out to someone to ask what they do with the medicine, and she responded that she/they didn't know..It seems really fishy to me.. medicine that was prescribed for my mom, should be my mom's.. it can't get reused for another patient?! maybe they're dealing on the side? If they were going to destroy it, they could have simply said that. what a waste and somehow i feel like there has to be some legal policy around this that is being broken.Unfortunately, it's truly slim pickings for rehab facilities here in Las Vegas...
