3	I was on my way out of the Phoenix area when I needed some food. I stopped at this Coco's in Sun City excepting average. This was better than average. The service was very good and fast. The menu selection was great. It seems like there were too much to choose from. I couldn't decide. A great place to stop if you want to get something delicious but you need to get on the road quickly.
3	Good food, service a little slow, a little dated and you do have to put up with a lot of whiney elderly clientele who send the waiter back for a lot of petty trivial stuff that takes away from handling other customers,  more like babysitting seniors.
1	We stopped for lunch at this Coco's at the end of September and had a good meal and very good service. Left a good tip and evidently the waitress retired on it! Today 10/17/12 was a different story. One waitress in the whole restaurant at 8am. Very slow service. It took 25 minutes for the food to arrive and it was terrible. A Denver Omelet that looked like scrambled eggs with water running out of them and large hunks of cheddar cheese with the grease running out if it. Another dish of the Florentine Scrambles had the cheese on top of it so hard I thought it was still in a cellophane wrapper. After getting the food, we waited for another cup of coffee since the waitress said she would be right back with the coffee. 5 minutes later, no coffee. Since the food was disgusting and the service so slow, we walked out and went to another restaurant (JiMichael's Lakeview Restaurant) for breakfast. After a while at home I called to speak to the manager about the experience this morning and guess what, nobody would answer the phone. This is not a restaurant we will likely return too.
2	I've eaten at the Coco's numerous times over the past two years.  The staff is friendly and very pleasant but the temperature in the restaurant is about 60 degrees every time I've gone.  Seriously, I wear a jacket and scarf inside even when the temp outside is warm.  The mediocre food and the arctic temperatures have driven me and my family away.  We now go to the Coco's on Bell Road.  The temperature there is comfortable and the food is much better.
1	We've been coming to this particular location for over 7 years at least 3 times a month because we always received the best service from our server, Fey, who just happened to not be working this evening.  we were looking forward to having the "2 for $29" entree & wine dinner.  When we arrived, there were only 2 parties of 2 dining.  There were 3 servers & no manager.  We received no greeting & were told to take the 4th booth on the left.  We were neither walked to our booth nor handed menu, whatsoever.  We sat for 15 minutes without one serving coming over to us at all, not even to give us a menu or even offer us water.  We both stood up & walked around & still every server ignored us.  We stood at the cashier counter for about another 5 minutes, expecting the friendly attentive manager who usually checks us out so we could make him aware of our disappointment.  all 3 servers walked by & still ignored us.  so, we left & landed at to Coco's on Bell Rd. & 98th Ave., only to be greeted & served as we're to be served.  When Fey isn't there, things are not up to par.
1	Slow service and food was room temp when it finally came. Eggs Benedict not good unless warm. Tex-Mex omelette flavor was good but dish was not hot. Now we know why parking lot was half empty on a Saturday morning.
4	We enjoy the muffins they serve here & I usually order them to go.The honey Bran raisin muffins are unlike any others anywhere. They have some sort ofHoney product that makes them super moist & really tasty. The parking lot is a bit goofy to enter, its old and needs updating.We haven't tried anything else on the menu yet.
4	The service was fast, our food was great & our waitress was very nice! My fam & I will deff be going back... There banana cream pie was amaze!
