5	By my calculations, it's cheaper to move long distances using an Enterprise van vs a Uhaul van.  The people at this Enterprise were incredibly helpful and friendly. My van had 200 miles on it and still smelled of new vehicle. Moving still sucks but at least my moving van did not.
3	The price was right for our weekend rental, but the car was pretty dirty.  The trunk was a dust ball and the inside was slightly better.  It was a holiday weekend, so maybe they were busy. Otherwise, everything was fine and I liked that we could leave our own car at their location for several days.
5	My work uses Enterprise and I was very pleased. The pricing is not bad, considering we are under a corporate account.The first time I rented a 12 passenger van, the two employees seemed overworked and stressed (must be a Friday afternoon thing!). And to top it off, the previous customer with the van I needed had not returned and I needed a van. Despite all of the craziness, the employees were kind to me and did everything in their power to find me another van, including working late to wait until this was taken care of. I appreciated their efforts.The second time around everything was peachy and everyone was so friendly that my anxiety of having to drive a large group in a big van to Chicago diminished :-)
5	Usually renting a car is pretty straightforward, but Fatima went out of her way here to make it a great experience. She was friendly, personable, and knowledgeable. She was able to accommodate my request for a specific car. The car was clean and drove great. Renting it and returning it were quick processes and I left happy.
5	Their rates are very reasonable, the staff is friendly and helpful, and on the extremely rare occasion that any issue arises, they take care of it promptly and beyond my satisfaction.  I've never really had a bad experience with Enterprise, but this location in particular is just full of really nice people.  Fatima in particular is so sweet, remembers my name and where I live, and goes above and beyond to make me feel like a valued customer. It's really nice to feel like employees of anywhere recognize you as a good customer and treat you with mutual respect, kindness, and reward your loyalty. We all know that the squeaky wheel gets the oil, so it's nice to see positive karma reinforced at Enterprise. Once they called me to let me know I had left a burned cd in their disc player and offered to drop it off with me while they were out doing their pick-ups. WHO DOES THAT? These guys do. Because they are awesome. Another time, there was a bit of a wait (they were insanely busy just before a holiday weekend, but still smiling and keeping it cool, even though I could see the exhaustion in their eyes) because they were backed up on getting their cars cleaned on the inside before they could ok them for rent. I told them I didn't really care, had no one to impress, and they could give me a dirty car as long as there wasn't literally bodily fluids inside it. Save yourselves a few minutes on cleaning that, I'm probably going to put new trash and crumbs in it shortly anyway. They looked at me, and told me that they appreciated my sentiment and apologize for the wait, but they would feel bad about giving me a crumby car. So, tell you what. Lets just bump you up the list of cars and give you a free upgrade to a higher class of car, of which we already have one cleaned and ready.  I said that wasn't necessary, I wasn't in a rush.  They said they wanted me to have it, because I was so nice and a good customer besides. Well. I guess if you insist on a free upgrade... I'll take it. I like that the corporate Enterprise seems to value this sort of behavior in it's employees, and fosters a positive work environment. From talking to their reps, it seems like they work hard, but are fairly rewarded for work well done. And it shows. East Washington Enterprise is great.  And, of course, they pick you up. :)
5	Enterprise has long been my rental car company of choice because of their good rates, quality of vehicles, and fair policies. That said, I've received less than stellar service at several locations (usually at airports).I rent from this location (which is not at the airport as shown on Yelp's map) at least once per month on average and often 2-3 times per month for business travel. All of the staff members are helpful and friendly, but I am especially impressed with Ryan and his high level of service. He knows me by name, knows my preferences in terms of optional insurance and car selection, and always remembers to put in my corporate rate number even though I forget most of the time. And it's not just me. I have co-workers and several neighbors that experience this same level of service at this location.Well done!
