1	The website Certifiedappliancetech states honesty, licensed, bonded and 100% satisfaction. This is all a big lie.   In reality, this business is really Jones Appliance out of Globe, Az and the owner is the repairman who is incompetent.   Late to show up, overpriced, and made me pay $225 even though he didn't fix my oven.  If you see his website, run fast to another company!
1	Certified Appliance Service or Repair is actually  JONES APPLIANCE SERVICE. DO NOT DO NO NO NOT CALL THEM UNLESS YOU WANT TO GET RIPPED OFF. When I asked why my bill was so HIGH he said it included a $100 Google advertising fee..  yes that's right, He padded my bill by $100 to cover his google bill. My part was $80 plus the $65 service call... plus the $100 extra to pay for his advertising...so unless you enjoy getting ripped of by this kind of BS stay away and find another repair service...
1	Certified Appliance Tech is the website, although the text at the website says Certified Appliance Services.  The phone number is (480) 316-0824.  The guy that answered the phone and then showed up gave me an invoice from Jones Appliance Service.  I had told him in my 1st call that I had a Bosch NEXT300 washing machine that worked intermittently.  When he showed up, he said he would recommend replacing the control board on the top.  He said he would have to use "trial and error" and replace parts to find out what was wrong.He wrote down the serial number of the machine and said he would research the parts and call me back.  He didn't call me back, ever.  After 4 days I sent him an email asking why he didn't run the diagnostic codes.  No reply, ever.The reason I asked him about the diagnostic procedures 4 days after he looked at the machine, is because three days after I paid this guy $65, for nothing, I lucked into finding the Bosch repair manual on the internet.  Then I ran the diagnostic codes, which involved pushing a series of buttons on the control panel on top, and I learned that the $500 control board was probably ok, but the motor controller, a 2nd computer on the back of the machine, might be the worn part.  The machine limped on for another 2 months, and then I mail ordered the motor controller for $250, installed it in about an hour, and now the machine works perfectly.I expect every appliance repairman to have a repair manual, or to run the diagnostics off the onboard computer, but this guy had no visible knowledge, experience, training, printed manuals, or diagnostic gear.  Nobody does "trial and error" anymore.In my opinion this guy has a website that appears knowledgeable but he has no idea what he is doing.As noted in Jones' reply, the machine was on my back patio, but it was properly connected to cold water and electrical power.  As I told him, the machine had intermittent failures, and I wanted it fixed.The diagnostic codes were functional when I ran them 2 months ago, and were the clue to what part was failing.  I just wasn't sure what was wrong so I let the machine limp along, although every other wash cycle didn't work right, and I was wringing out wet clothes by hand.  I just wanted it fixed 2 months ago.  Instead I spent about 8 hours learning all about Bosch diagnostic codes, which was the only alternative since Jones never left me any phone message or replied to my email.  Better Business Bureau's claims are rigged -- claimants have to agree to binding arbitration where the arbitrator is employed by the business you made the complaint against.
1	First and foremost, DO NOT USE THIS VENDOR!! Do not get pulled in by the jargon on his website. He is not a "repair" guy, he is a "replace" guy.  He will not repair your unit or diagnose the problem, he will just tell you to replace the entire unit because he does not want to actually work or get his hands dirty. His goal seems to be to make as many $65 service calls a day. If you read the reviews, they are completely accurate. Unfortunately I read them after my horrible experience and $65 down the drain. When I reached out to this vendor I tried to get an idea of the cost on the phone so I didn't have to waste $65 on a service/diagnosis fee if the cost of repair exceeded the cost of a new stove. He would not give me any information over the phone and said he is not able to say without seeing the unit, so I went ahead and scheduled the appointment since I also had an icemaker that wasn't working and a dishwasher that tilted when opened with dishes in it. I figured it would be worth the $65 to look and possibly repair one if not all the units. As soon as he walked in the door he answered a service call and told the lady he could be there within the hour...that was my first sign that he wasn't planning on being there long.  I thought he would pull out my stove and look in my panel since the buttons weren't working but instead, he pushed on the buttons and confirmed that, yep...the buttons weren't working and that I needed to replace the entire electrical panel. I looked at him and asked, you aren't going to look in the panel? It may just need some new wires or something small and he said, no, with these new appliances the Mfr's purposely makes it so you can't repair the units and you have to replace the entire unit. My stove is only 6 years old and it needs the entire electrical panel replaced? I told him if that's the case and that's all he was going to do, I could have told him that over the phone and saved the service call but that he was so adamant about having to see the unit. He looked at my icemaker and asked me what the problem was and I told him it wasn't producing any ice so he stuck his hands back in the machine and said I need to replace the entire icemaker and cost would be about $300, $240 if I purchase a service warranty. Then I asked him about the dishwasher and he said it just needed brackets so i pulled out the brackets and asked if he could install the brackets so that I could at least get something done with my $65 dollars since at this point he had only been there 10 minutes and hadn't done anything. He told me, no he doesn't do installs, he's too busy for that. Then he was off to his next appointment.  Someone mentioned that he charged them a $100 advertising fee...I was complaining that he charges $65 and he doesn't even do anything and he started telling me about his expenses and that he needs to make $500 a day to pay his bills...and I'm thinking...how is this my problem?? So he just schedules as many of these way $65 service stops a day without even servicing the customer? That's the cost of doing business and he wouldn't have to pay so much in advertising but rather get business through referrals if he would just do his job, go it well, and not rip people off with his laziness and misdiagnosis. I looked up the parts myself, even though I'm sure I don't need to replace the entire units, and found the panel for $110 and icemaker for $140. These parts companies also provide online and phone technical, repair and installation support and also breakdown all the parts that makeup the appliance so that you order just the part that you need, which discounts his story about Mfr's making it so the units cannot be repaired. I'm not sure why he moved from Dallas or why the Better Business Bureau gave him a good rating even with all the bad reviews on their site but that will be my next stop. I don't want this to happen to anyone else.
1	Do not use this company! They re really Jones Appliance repair they show up in a white pick up truck.Looked at my refrigerator said it was the fan would be back the next day and charged me $65.00.Joe , never called I had to call him said part had not come in , it has been three days and I have had to call him every day still no repair but Sid he may need a circuit board also! Not Calling Him Back!  Rip Off
1	Please review this ad carefully. "We Provides"? Do yourself a favor, before calling this replace service, go shoot yourself in the foot first. You will still have less problems than you would than if you hired "Joe" to Work on your appliances. Complete Fraud!
