2	Since Las Vegas doesn't have QuikTrip stores like Phoenix, I've been stuck in convenience store purgatory since moving here. This Circle K kind of illustrates what I'm talking about. It's at a busy corner but it's kind awkward to get in and out of if you're not coming from specific directions to it. Inside they have two side by side fountain drink dispensers with several choices, and the drinks are reasonably priced. But cheap fountain drinks without cups, lids, and straws being stocked might as well not even be advertised. The store seems to draw some gang graffiti in the bathrooms too. But they also offer a walk in beer cooler and have a well sized selection of bottled drinks. Back outside they have one thing that is absolutely insane: $50 limits on debit / credit card transactions. Hey Circle K management, your competition has phased this silly restriction out. If I have to run 2 transactions to top off my tank why should I bother with your pumps? Oh that's right, I won't. Long story short this Circle K is one of the poster children for the cause of begging QuikTrip to expand to the Vegas market with cleaner stores and no silly payment card restrictions. 2 Stars....and that's pushing it. And clean up the gang graffiti please.
5	Quick in and outs!Nice staff that's why I come often. The store is clean! And I also get red box movies at this location. Cars are always bumper to bumper some morons can't drive. So stop in when your not in a hurry. Sometimes you have to drive for you and others. OMG im addicted to their fountain drinks. :)
2	Very nice gas station. The inside mini-mart is very nice, clean, and well stocked. BUT this gas station gets reallly busy and people in this parking lot do not know how to drive. Its sometimes even difficult to find a parking spot.They do have a two Red Boxes, which is nice, but I have had to wait on at least one person every time I try to get a movie. Mainly I go here to fill up my 5-gallon water jugs at their outdoor Glacier water station. Can't complain about the water station itself, but I often feel very uncomfortable getting water here. This gas station seems to attract a sketchy crowd and there are always odd characters about. A few times I have gone and there has been homeless people camped out right next to the water station. Its very uncomfortable and I find myself anxiously awaiting the jug to fill. I usually will go somewhere else, even though this place is the closest to my house, just because I don't feel comfortable or like dealing with that parking lot.
3	Always a busy intersection! but its a corner store..
3	This place is always busy. I don't care what time of day you come.Heed my advice: Drive through this lot slowly and pay extra attention to everyone around you. People drive like fools through this gas lot. The inside is mostly always clean and the gas is almost always one of the cheapest you can find on the east side of town.
5	You will find gas, air & a old school payphone at this location. Friendly, humble, outgoing & intelligent employees. And the small ice cubes that I am so in love with. I'm so addicted to these ice cubes. It's always a fun trip to this location.
2	This place is SCAREY! It's really a shame the homeless and tweakers have chosen this corner as their hang out. It's really a nice gas station & the employees are always friendly. BUT I've not once been here without being approached by someone asking for money. Two times they were very aggressive. During the day I may stop by... it's the closest station near me besides the gross one across Boulder Hwy... NEVER at night! I would rather drive 4 miles for my milk or gas.
3	The most ghetto nice circle k, full of thugs and gangsta's watch your stuff while up in here
