5	FABO has grown up with the addition of The Glass House, a true wine bar that coexists with the art gallery and coffee shop. The concept behind The Glass House is one that is truely unique to Charlotte: everything is available by the glass. Want to have a glass of something that isn't on the menu today? Ask for it to be added! It's that easy! The selection is moderate to start, but contains a few that I recognize well and a few others that are quite new (and very tasty!). Everything from the value minded to Wine Spectator Top 100 items are present, as well as an impressive array of ultra-craft beers. With attractive prices on everything, it's definitely a great place to chill.Speaking of, by merging the wine bar with the existing art gallery, you get a perfect intimate, relaxing atmosphere. Plush (handmade!) chairs and lots of quirky local art and jewelry are perfect to peruse while enjoying a glass. The deep red on the wine bar end of the space is very warm and inviting and adds to the classy, intimate feel. I had said in my review of FABO that it had a lot of potential: I think they are starting to realize it! Katie and Amy have outdone themselves here and I'm excited to see what else is in store for them!  Kudos!
5	Wow...really love this place.  I had a great time and left with a fantastic bottle of Tempranillo and some lovely art created by a local artist (quite the productive night!).  The ladies behind the bar were friendly and incredibly knowledgeable about their wines and beers and were able to help me pick something to my liking.  And if what you want isn't on the list, go ahead and pick something from the shelf and they'll open it up for you!  Spent the night sitting with some friends at a table enjoying conversation amid local art.  Oh, and your pup is welcome!  Dogs, wine, and art...what could be a better combo?!Oh and ladies, join their efforts in getting Jon Stewart there for the DNC!
5	Wines by the glass, solid beer selection, art and jewelry filled surroundings, and board games! seriously happy camper here! Katie was fantastic (and patient) as we sampled a few of the wines she offered before deciding, and explained the whole concept. As the others have stated, there is a list of wines already available by the glass, or you can open a bottle off the shelf and enjoy it by the glass (if you don't want the whole thing, the open bottle is then listed on the board for others to enjoy). The wines seemed to range from about 6 - 13 dollars a glass, and she's very knowledgeable about what she carries. The beer selection was great and a fairly well rounded list of 15 or 20 - including dogfish, bells, 21st amendment, allagash... and she said it was still growing. As a side note she mentioned she had board games, which piqued our interest as we had just talked about playing them over dinner, so we took over a table with the cooking edition of scrabble (the games are mostly beer/wine/food related). I believe wednesdays are the "booze and board games" nights, and she also offers beer and wine tasting nights during the week. I stuck with the same wine for the evening but my scrabble opponent did not, and Katie was spot on selecting new wines for him. We were a little sad she closed at 11, but I definitely will be returning. Great for so many different occasions, and definitely caters to all the different palates of both beer and wine lovers.
5	I already have a mass amount of love for FABO. So, it shouldn't come as a huge shock that I'm also enamored with the Glass House. Whether you dig a very unusual glass of vino or a super selective beer, you definitely should drop by for a sip! The Glass House is based around a very cool concept. See a bottle you like? Bring it up to bar and you can buy it by the glass! I heavily favor prosecco, thus I was pleased as punch when Katie recommended the Ca'Furlan variety. For $7.25 I savored a glass of bubbly delight that paired perfectly with my $6 cheese plate. As for the cheese, I selected the Barely Buzzed: a coffee and lavendar rubbed fromage! It was delightful on all accounts. I'll certainly be back to both FABO and The Glass House for another glass of vino and just to chill out and take it all in!
4	The Glass House is a definite case of my expectations being blown out of the water in the very best of ways.Most of their advertising is wine-centric which makes sense. It's inside FABO which people already knew for wine. And they have lots of neat, interesting wines. If one of the bottles behind the bar doesn't suit you, you can pick a bottle from the shelf stock as long as you intend to buy  2 glasses. Anything left goes behind the bar for others to try.But besides the wine, Katie, face behind The Glass House, has made sure that craft beer doesn't get lost in the shuffle. She is working without a tap system do to space limitations (which is the only reason I couldn't justify all 5 stars) but she bottle/can list is impressive and reasonably priced (between $4-$6 for 12ozs; larger bottles are obviously more).The front section of the space has gotten a nice face lift so you will definitely be able to enjoy your potables in style, but me, I like to belly up to the bar and partake in some good old fashioned bartender banter. I see a stool with my name on it.
5	This place is pretty awesome! I was able to taste-test a bit and figured out just the right red that knocked my sox off ( a great cab). Their selection wasn't quite as large as I anticipated but it was great none-the-less. Service couldn't be friendlier and I love the fact that they have tasty treats, art, and wine/beer all in one place! We had a nice group of 8 + a pup and all had a lovely time!
