2	I was excited to receive a coupon in the mailer to this foot spa. I'm from Seattle where they are all over the place, but have had a hard time finding some here. I called and they told me to come down and I didn't need an appointment. It was a little hard to find, as it's not actually on Scottsdale Road, but behind the main buildings on the west side, in the corner. They appeared to have recently opened. I was taken to the back room where several massage recliners were. A man was talking loudly on his cell phone while getting his feet rubbed but said "Oh there's a customer here so I better stop talking" and thankfully hung up. The owner stated he was her husband and she got my foot soak going as she talked to an employee in another language. I settled in and started to relax and the owner started rubbing. There was quite a bit of light coming in the open doors and someone kept going in/out of the back door so it was a little hard to relax. The owner put a small towel over my eyes and I started to relax more. Then, out of nowhere, I heard the owners husband get up (he was lying next to me) and then heard someone take a photo and I saw a bright flash. I realized the husband had taken a photo of me! The owner snapped at her husband; he laughed and left. CREEPY!The massage was okay, I've had better, but I've also had worse. The owner kept talking to the other employee the entire time so I was unable to relax and was in fear of another creepy photo being taken. I was thankful when the experience was over and the owner was nice enough to provide me with a cup of water. I paid and quickly left. Due to the unprofessionalism, I won't be back and cannot refer this place to someone else. I'll head back to Zen Reflexology where it's a little more money, but is also tranquil and quiet.
4	I popped in and they took care of me right away-I really appreciated this. I got a 30 min foot massage that was so amazing. It was exactly what I needed! The girl doing it was Jonny (something like that), she was very talented. There is little privacy, the foot soak was cold but okay with me, and the noise from the doorbell and backroom was terrible so I took off one star for that. Most importantly, the foot/calf massage was great and they got me in immediately. Thank you......btw $20 for 30 minutes is very reasonable :)
5	Been going here for at least six months and always do a excellent job.  Very relaxing inside this place and staff always treats me wonderful.  Also I never have to make a appt.  they always take me right away.
5	Buddah bless the Chinese and their incredibly strong hands.  I was greeted immediately upon opening the door and seated within a minute. I've been to 3 different foot reflexology places and this is by far the best one. The pressure was consistent thru my entire 30 minute massage. What I appreciated the most was they went straight from soaking my feet for a few mins to massaging them, huge plus for me.  Other places I've visited will massage your head, neck, arms and even your back before getting to your feet. Thankfully not this place. Before I knew it, my 30 mins went by way too quick. For $20 though, how can I not come back? I just wish it was closer to home so this could be my weekly fix.
3	Well, All good things must come to an end. Something has changed and this place has  lost stars in my review. Not sure where to go next..... Today's experience was bad; loud discussion about the cost and time associated with her 30 vs 60 min massage, after she was seated in the dark quiet massage area. Seemed like miscommunication was abundant because within the first 15 min of my 30 min foot massage, they changed therapists three times! I had reviewed my preferences (deep pressure, concentrate at the arch) with two people already-just tolerated the light feathery stroking of the third person. Luckily, I had earned a free massage on my frequent visitor card therefore, didn't pay beyond the tip. Very sad day
5	This place is AWESOME!  I have now visited 4 times. I have always gotten a Foot Massage - but in actuality its not just a foot massage. They also target your head, neck, back, shoulders, hands, and calves. I went yesterday and did the 90 minute massage and it was only $45! My massage therapist was Delores and she was AMAZING! I always call and make an appointment. The woman that in charge of the front desk (not sure what her name is) is very polite and now remembers me when I call. When you arrive it is not the most attractive shopping plaza but it is good enough - because the services are great and the price is right. The front room is small with just a desk and a few chairs. I get there right at my massage time and if she is not at the desk when I walk in she is quickly there to greet me. The massage areas are all set up in a row with a few chairs/beds and walls in between. There are curtains to seperate the hallway and the massage area so they are very careful in being as quiet as possible.They do have spa music playing which is very soothing. Every once and a while you can hear people come in the front door and just are not quiet. You can tell that the woman at the front speaks softly in hopes that they will get the message but some people just dont get it. Cant really control that but just thought I would mention it. You can always bring your own ipod or whatever to secure a quiet atmosphere. I find it very easy to overlook the little noises because the massage is so relaxing. Plus I have kids that are always loud so any noises in there are still less than what I hear at home! This place is a must if you need a great massage for a great price!
5	Excellent therapy.  Good price.  People with great hands.
