4	This place is pretty awesome. I first heard about this store in San Francisco while they were preparing for the opening. When I saw an open store in Vegas, i just had to check out what all the fuss was about.The style of clothes is like a Japanese interpretation of vintage American. What I really fell in love with were the jackets. I was tempted to buy a shirt since they were only $30 (which for a boutiquey store isn't bad) but I decided to wait for later. The jacket I bought (a "wind cheater") is light but very durable and I know it will keep me warm in the chilly Bay Area. My brother, a local, also bought one for the freezing desert winters.The staff were really friendly too. They weren't too overbearing or stalkerish like at similar stores (*ahem* Metro Park), but they didn't ignore me either. All in all, a great addition to Fashion Show.
5	I LOVE THIS STORE.  I have never seen it before, but I was so excited to find it!  I love my jacket, it's light AND warm.  I could wear it for winter or spring or fall.  I will look for this store everywhere I go!
5	I believe this is a British brand inspired by Japan.  All of their stuff are very durable and you can tell that it is well made.  I especially love their jackets!  I have a wind breaker one and a leather one.  The wind breaker one is light yet very warm (wind has nothing on me when I'm wearing this jacket).  Their jeans and beanies are pretty comfy too.In addition to their awesome clothing line, their staff members are pleasant, nice, and informative.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this store. I herd of SuperDry back in 2006 when I went to Ibiza. Speaking of which I still do have the OSAKA 6 t-shirt that i purchased back then. Still looks good like the day i purchased it.The style is very me. Its japanese inspiration but by a British company sprinkled with american vintage. It has all these elements you think it would be a disaster but I actually love it!Sizing here runs a little bit smaller than most US brands so make sure you try on the clothes first before purchasing.The sales people are little bit pushy here but I believe they may work on commission. They approached me about 4-5 times asking if i needed help. They let me know the promos going on even made me persuade on purchasing more items.I ended up walking out with a messenger back that had the SUPERDRY logo on it and a jacket that had a very small super dry logo on the chest & I am super happy with my purchase and will be most defiantly coming back here. I know their items are have high quality and will last me for a very long time so I dont mind paying a little bit more for the SuperDry brand.
1	Questionable pricing in this particular store. For some odd reason their prices are different from the online prices.  The sales associate and manager's answers for that is they're not affiliated with Superdry online store.  The original price on the price tags are conveniently ripped off or they put a sticker with a higher price over the original price tag.  Elaine, the store manager, was not helpful and condescending.  It almost seems like they raise the price because there was a sale.  If I could give "no star"...I would.
