3	this bar is known for it's super cheap anything in a bottle drinks from 7pm-9pm. i think it's only on friday & saturday nights. ANYTHING in a bottle for 75 CENTS!! that's right. anything. this bar is old, super casual, has newer flat tvs and plenty of them, no food other then bagged chips, and again - 75 cent bottles on friday & saturday. this bar has alot of bikers. there's people of all ages. there is a dance floor and live band on fri & sat. the band is country with a little rock mixed in. the band is awesome. friday nites are packed. get there by 6:30. saturdays are bz but not as much as fridays. there's alot of people, alot of drunk people, and everyone dances. there's a mix between bikers, cowboys, and regular people. there's all ages.  if you are looking for a fun, heavy drinking for CHEAP CHEAP, dancing, kick back time with music, it's a good place. if you're looking to meet someone, you can definitely hook up. the only thing i don't like about it is there's no food. there's fast food places in the same parking lot. people will go there then head back to the bar.  there is no smoking patio. if you go on a friday nite, expect tons of people and alot of drunk people. i don't know of their happy hour during the week. i wouldn't go here during the week. it would be boring in my opinion. i went a couple times during the week and it wasn't anything special.  i've mostly been on fri & sat nites. EVEN IF YOU GO ON A SUPER BZ FRI NITE, SERVICE IS SUPER FAST. YOU HAVE A NEW DRINK BEFORE YOU'RE DONE WITH THE OLD ONE.
4	A lot of fun, even for a not-so-obvious lesbian. The reason why I say this is because this bar is chock full of hicks, rednecks who are incredibly opinionated about anybody who's different.Of course, my friends were the ones who were the opinionated ones and since I'm just that lovable, they couldn't care less about my preferences, which is great.Nobody else in the bar had a problem either... at least not that I noticed.I was too busy drinking seemingly 5 million of the 75 cent beers on Thursdays and Fridays.  I thought I saw a sign once that beer was cheaper than gas and that I should drink and not drive, and I immediately thought of this place.So one of the times my more-obvious lesbian girlfriend came with me and my friends and we decided to two step to one of our favorite songs... hehe We were the only ones on the dance floor. LMAO It was great... but nothing stupid or weird happened which was nice.I always have a great time at the Dust. :)
2	Not really a fan, but it is always crowded, so I might be in the minority here.  Drinks are super cheap and it is about 5 minutes from my house, so I might come back, but probably not.
1	This place can suck my balls. I was excited to have a neighborhood bar with live music (even if it is country). I went and after 2 beers was kicked out with no explanation. I didn't even pay for my drinks. Weirdos.
3	$3.00 cover charge on some nights No thanksNice place but not worth $3.00.Wow this review became FILTER WTF
5	My father owned this bar back in the 70's till late 80's called Mr. Nice & Nastys!
