3	A perfect little stop for a treat if you happen to be moseying around Belmont. i went with a grape ice cup for just a buck and the wife got the orangeade thingie with freshly squeezed oranges. i kind of want that juicer they have. A fresh orange juice treat can't be all that bad for you. My ice cup wasn't as crushed icey as i wanted, but for a buck it was great. i couldn't resist getting a glass bottle of coke, it just felt right. Sure i can get 60 ounces more for the same price, but it's just so much better from the glass bottle.  They also serve food, but have yet to try it.
1	I personally will never step foot inside the Belmont Soda Shoppe ever again.  I was born and raise in Belmont and was a fan of the original Belmont Drug Store.  A couple of Saturdays ago I was out for a run and towards the end of the run I stopped by the soda shoppe and asked for a small cup of tap water.  It was sunny and 95 degrees outside and I was hot and thirsty.  The guy behind the counter said "no she charges for everything".  It wasn't like I was asking for a large scoop of ice cream.  This is Belmont, a small town friendly community.  Obviously these people do not understand that.  I do my best to support local businesses in the downtown Belmont area and I assure you they will never receive any support from me again.  I will share my experience with the Belmont Soda Shoppe to everyone I know.
5	Orangeade, fresh squeezed orange juice, simple syrup, poured over crushed sno cone ice.  What a pleasant surprise.  Well worth the $3 price tag.  I will go back and get an orangeade any time I am near Belmont and I might have a mini bottle of vodka with me too, but don't report me, snitches get stitches.I came back two hours later and ordered a chocolate milkshake, he topped it with more chocolate ice cream and a cookie.  They also had a Coca-Cola box filled with bottled soft drinks, Coke, Sundrop, Mountain Dew, there were many soft drinks, I can't remember all but I was amazed at their selection.  There was also a wall of candy, some waxed lips and a handlebar mustache made its way home with me. Score!
5	Love this soda shop! The guy behind the counter is awesome!! He asks for kids names as they order and writes their name in ketchup or mustard on their hotdog or burger!! Fun! He is always up beat and friendly! Cute downtown atmosphere with a close by park and a train that goes by often. Love this place! My daughter loves it, too!
3	This place has closed. It was replaced by the Belmont Soda Fountain under new owners.
