3	I consider Papa John's to be toward the upper end of the pizza chain level of pizzeria. I've ordered from this location 2 or 3 times and the pizza has been great each time. It's definitely convenient for me since it's right outside my neighborhood.
4	The family and I love some pizza. We had Papa John's last night and it was fantastic. We had to large pizzas...one sausage with bacon bits, mushrooms,  olives, and many other things on it.. Um Um Good... The other pizza was sauage and pepperoni. Um Good. The bacon bit pizza was a bit tastier than just sausage and pepperoni. Thanks Papa John's for great pizza.
4	This is definitely our preferred PJP when it comes to proximity. Although this one is slightly further than our closest one, on Ft. Apache, the service and quality of the food is remarkably better!We have consistently had very polite and friendly employees greet and take care of us at this location. The pizza has always been fresh and although it is your typical PJP they do a good job of it.Use this code today or tomorrow and a Large 2 topping is only $7 CODE: eblstlg
4	when it's time for our weekly 'don't want to cook' delivered meal, pizza is an option always ordered via iPhone from our local papa johns..  we're always happy with our order and the great deals that papa john's has to offer.  the deals always please.we love:bbq chickenhawaiian bbq chickenand the works.. [my personal fav]everything tastes freshly baked.. it's still nice and hot when it gets to our house..  and the wings are great too.the crust is the best!  :D
3	Well there are only 3 options for this type of pizza delivery. I like the fact that they include dipping sauce with their pizza pies.  The only complaint I have is they are very slow with delivery.  What ever happened to the days of 30 minute delivery or your pizza is free.
3	This location of Papa John's is close to home, right near Mountain's Edge. I've never received delivery, I typically call ahead and pick up my order on the way home from work. I always have to wait even though I time it right, they just can't seem to get the estimated time right. Oh well...NBD cause I'm not cooking so I'm ok with waiting :) Just as long as the pizza is fresh, hot and good, it's worth is. I consider Papa Johns to be the better of the fast food pizza chains.  We've never had a bad pie from this location. I think we paid about $11 out the door for a Large up to 5 toppings. Personally I'd say their large is not really large. If we're hungry the two of us can eat almost the whole thing and then have 1 slice each for breakfast the next day :) mmmmm cold pizza breakfast, yum. Overall, a decent fast food pizza!
3	2 words: Garlic Dip! My galpal and I were set to enjoy a cup of coffee at Holly's Cuppa right across but for some reason, open mic night was blocking the entrance and we got too hungry waiting so what better thing to do than grab some pizza to fill the time. She ordered a small cheese pizza ($7.99) with additional toppings of ham and pineapple (you pay extra but I forgot how much that is) that came with a random piece of chili and GARLIC DIP. I couldn't get enough of that garlic dip. It was thaaat good. Why I chose to give this branch a 3 stars though, is because there weren't any proper seating for a dine-in There was a water fountain, a bathroom and a couple of chairs for people to wait at while their orders were being prepared but if I could sum it up, this branch was solely for take-outs. Because of this, my galpal and I ended up crossing back over to Holly's Cuppa and took advantage of their outdoor seating to munch on our pizzas, not that we're complaining. Oh and did I mention that their garlic dip was the bomb?
3	It's "fast food" pizza, so I know what to expect. I really like their new Buffalo Chicken Pizza, hope it stays on the menu. This location has great customer service and never had a problem with my pizza. It's just not my favorite pizza in Vegas, that spot is reserved for Grimaldi's. But it's quick and decent pizza, good prices too especially if you have a coupon.
1	It is rare for me to pen a bad review on any restaurant, however this one needs to know how horrible their service is.  After ordering online, I decided to pick up (or carry out) the pizza since I was relatively close by.  When I entered the store I was immediately greeted by the staff member behind the cash register.  He asked if I was "carrying out" an order and I said "yes" and gave him my name.  He looked puzzled while scanning the screen and asked my name a second time. Again i gave him my name to which he responded with somebody else's name.  I said no and a third time gave him my name.  He then said "ohhhhh, there you are man....sorry."He told me the price and I gave him cash.  He then gave me the change and closed the cash register. At the same time, another customer entered the store behind me.  The staff member immediately greeted the second customer and asked for his name to look up an an order. I interrupted him and said "may I have my pizza now please?"  And he said "in a second, I want to help this customer first." Puzzled, I said, "excuse me? I just paid you and my pizza is behind you on the rack." And he said, "yes, but let me take this guy's order first..."  I stopped him short and said, "wouldn't it be best to complete service with the first customer (me) before you begin on a second customer?"  He responded, "um, oh yea man....I see.  Here's your pizza."I took the pizza from his hands and looked at the second customer behind me who shrugged his shoulders as I walked out the door.  To top everything off, the box was cold and so was the pizza inside.This bad personal customer experience now tells me I will never order from here again.  Sad, and I really liked their pizza...when it's warm at least.
3	A really good chain pizza place, mainly because of the garlic dipping sauce.  I keep on the lookout for coupons and I'm proud of my streak of never paying more than $8 for a large!This isn't the greatest pizza place in the world, but it's perfect for a move night in at home!
1	LOL at the thought of customer service coming from this location!!One of the main reasons I will come to papa johns is because of the garlic dipping sauce, well now they can keep that because I will not be coming back to this place.Let me explain my experience.. I always voluntarily give out my email address because I love getting great deals/offers.I attempted twice (cell phone & desktop) to place an order using a promo code, it would not go through. I called the store and explained my issue, and asked if I could hold, then was hung up on. I called again a woman picked up, explained again, before I could finish she said there was nothing she could to do to honor the online coupon then stated its not her fault my computer or phone wasn't working (try your website) I asked for a manger, and was hung up on... Really your pizza isn't  worth it!
2	Very slow even for them. Hour an a half is a long time on a wednesday night... Delivery guy acted all stressed and in a hurry and he still brought me a cold pizza. Stjll tastes better then dominos and pizza hut but I still expect better from papa johns. Definetly gonna pick up my pizza for now on
1	I stopped ordering from this place. Had to send back cold pizza after driver took 90 mins to deliver. Horrible service! So many better options than papa johns.
2	Great pizza chain but so so in execution. Usually have to wait longer than usual for this location and felt sick a couple times. Hope their ingredients are fresh and being well taken care of. The delivery should be more faster.
4	My neighborhood fast food pizza joint - I definitely encourage all to use their online rewards program.  You will get bombarded with texts and emails but if you will get 1/2 off's, discounted pizzas, and I was able to lock up a free pizza after 2 orders.On one occasion I selected carry out online and somehow selected BBQ sauce which i strongly advise against since it's so sweet (unless you like it).   I didn't notice until i got home but then drove back to see if they could make it.  The bbq sauce was so horrible i was willing to just pay for a new pizza.  The lady was nice enough and made a new pizza on the spot.  i tipped her a few bucks out of appreciation but i really appreciate their customer service which was more than likely my fault when ordering.
1	The pizza made us sick. We got the chipotle bacon and some cheese sticks. A few hours later, we both immediately became ill. I say stay away....
4	I use the online rewards program. Every $5 is a point, and every 25 points is a free large pizza. However if you order $9, it is one point and the $4 does not roll over. Place order online, do whatever you need to so at home, leave in 15-20 min and they have the pizza ready! It's not the most pleasant place to wait for pizza. Small waiting area and hot. Overall it's fine. Super convenient for mountains edge residents c:
2	First time ordering from this location...and most likely my last. This review is based on the delivery and customer service, not the food. I use to deliver pizza when I was younger (before everyone had GPS on there phone) and if I was lost, I either called my boss or the customer to get directions so I could get there on time...no excuses for a cold pizza nowadays in my opinion. Well, to start things out...the driver took an hour and 20 minutes to deliver, didn't have my credit card receipt, then wanted to copy down my whole credit card number! I wasn't ok with that...(I started calling the store to confirm that policy and then she changed her story and said she only needed the last 4 digits!) and to top it off...she didn't even have a pen for me to sign her delivery receipt! So I was left with a cold pizza, cold chicken poppers, no receipt for my transaction and a bad taste in my mouth about Papa John's. I use to love this pizza, but today made me reconsider that. There's way too many choices in pizza to have to put up with this kind of service. I called the store after the driver left and the manager was apologetic and offered a free pizza on my next order but it didn't make up for the fact that my dinner was ruined. I gave it two stars because I'm sure the food would have been fine had it been hot. Customer service can make or break a business. I hope they figure that out soon over there.
4	I order here all the time and never had an issue. Only problem is when picking up, it can take a little while cuz its so busy
1	Absolute worst customer service EVER!! High school brats that run the place with little or no supervision! When ordering pizza it is supposed to come with garlic sauce.... It says so on the box !! But you are never given this sauce and even when they tell you it's not free and you pay for it they still refuse to give it to you! When you point out where it is printed on the box that it comes with the pizza they will argue with the customer ! Really?!?!? The box clearly states it comes with garlic dipping sauce but their dumbass employees still refuse to provide it! Complaints to corporate office remain unanswered! Time for a call to 8 on your side!! Don't order from this location! They SUCK!!! And pizza is usually COLD!!
3	Love me some papa johns, Delivery service is relatively slow but pizza always delivers.
1	Just bad. Period. F this location.
1	Can you say TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE? ok all together now 1.2.3! They place you on hold for over 5 minutes and are very rude! I called to ask them about a order I placed online and apparently it doesn't matter that I click on future order, it still went through and they made it early. When u explained my situation, the lady on he phone was very rude. I would not recommend this location to anyone. They need to hire new people that have customer service skills. Right as it stands their workers suck! Learn some manners! Although they cancelled my order I'm afraid that they might just leave the pizzas in the oven and when I pick it up in 4 hours it will be the same one they just finished baking now. No thank you!
4	Papa is my favorite pizza place that's like fast food pizza. They are down the street so I always get my food quick and I love that I can order online and get points to a free pizza, makes it worth while to me. :)
1	The customer service here is obtrusive. I called to make a simple large pizza order & the lady on the phone told me they only deliver to Southern Highlands.
3	I only go here because it is so close to home , I get great deals in my email box and most importantly my daughter likes them  I prefer Pizza Hut shhhhhh lol.
1	I had the worst service salad was red on 2 of the three manager didn't care so called the 1-800# and they didn't do any thing either never going back
2	PAPA PASSES THE BUCKNever again will I buy Papa Johns pizza. Everything that could go wrong, went wrong, and I only live a few blocks away. The pizza, when it arrived, I could have used it as a throwing disc. It was overcooked, hard, and overpriced for the size of a large. Thank GOD there is Rocco's Pizza, never had any problems there, they just don't deliver. I would starve first before ever eating another Papa Johns Pizza.That is it
1	Horrible customer service,  I love the pizza but won't go back due to their terrible customer service.
1	If I could give minus stars I would! Horrible, horrible, horrible customer service! I feel sorry for the owner of this particular location. What I witnessed today as far as in customer service as a walk in was horrific! Reckless employees like both Ashleeys are a disgrace for a business! Rude, obnoxious, absolutely no customer service from these two! Shame on both of you! Greg the driver witnessed it all and felt ashamed and walked out with me to apologize for these girls. He should receive 10 stars and a promotion!
1	RECONSIDER YOUR DECISION to buy here.....I have regularly ordered pizza for my family from this location. The last two times they delivered the wrong pizza, in fact it was the wrong family name, and my babysitter did not do anything about it, so it just sat there and my 3 yr old went to bed hungry. When I got home and learned of it I called the store and it took 3 days before I could reach a Manager, who would not call me back, and eventually a letter showed up for a free 2 topping large pizza. I paid much more for a speciality, although I did appreciate the letter. I let this go. Then today, I got home after picking up a pizza that had BBQ sauce on it, and when I called the store and told them I did not order BBQ sauce, he said "yes you did, its not our mistake, it was placed online." I told him I ordered online before many times, and I did not select BBQ sauce as I know my son does not eat BBQ sauce, he repeated and said "yes you did, its your mistake", and kept on repeating this like a broken record. I don't feel it was my error, and even if it was, they clearly do not have customer service to make the customer happy, I got so angry I yelled, which I have not done in 10 years! That is how livid he made me. I WILL NO LONGER EVER BUY AT PAPA JOHNS EVER AGAIN. It is enough to have such treatment, to stop buying. This is the first yelp review I have ever written, as I could not get through their customer service number. Many people in their reviews here say 'bad service', and they are right, Don't waste your time and money. There is a papa murphy down the street on blue diamond which is great. All the best.J
3	Ordered my pizza online and then showed up 20 min later to see if it was ready and was told that it would be another 5 min, so I paid and then sat down to wait. Then a rush of people came in and the phones started ringing off the hook. The 5 min I was told to wait became more like 15 min and my pizza was sitting on the rack and I still had to wait because the cashier at the front was tied up with multiple phone calls and customers at the register. Apparently this location only has 1 person that's allowed to hand out carryout orders? Can nobody else step in and help when there is a packed room of customers? There were plenty of employees and all of them were either making food, on the phone or standing around while continuously teling the cashier that she had customers waiting.When I finally got my pizzas everything was made correctly and tasted delicious, especially because we were starving! If you order from here when it's super busy it's definitely faster and less of a hassle to have it delivered.
1	Ordered online at 12:29pm for a carry-out, but we didn't get our pizza until 1:25pm. Apparently, they had to remake ours becolive screwed up the order - a simple olive and banana pepper pizza. On asking if there was anything they could do about our extended wait, they were unapologetic, and didn't offer anything to compensate. They seemed pretty understaffed on a college football game day. Not worth the wait. We'll go elsewhere for pizza in the future.
1	I would give them 0 if possible. Terrible and rude order taker at 10 pm on Sunday night. Tried to order over the phone and out of nowhere puts me on infinite hold without even warning. After 15 min I hang up the phone and they will bever earn my business. In fact I will wrote the corporate office about this. Avoid this location.
1	This review is not for the establishment, it's for the individual who represented the establishment at the time, Jose.I've always had a wonderful experience whenever I call this place.  We've been ordering our pizza over the phone at this location for months now at least once a week.  We never spend under 30 dollars.But today I spoke to Jose using the same phone I always use, but Jose asked me to repeat myself every 2nd word.  Now I don't mind repeating myself, it's the way he asked and his tone of voice from when he picked up to when he hung up.  He sounded like he didn't want to be there and he also didn't really care if he got my order right, which is why I asked him to repeat it.  He also sounded irritated because he couldn't hear me.I've always had a great experience when I order here, I think some of the staff even know me by my voice an my favorite line "extra cheese, don't be shy."  But Jose today was just rude and not listening to what I said at all.I think a customer service and phone etiquette training from one of the other employees would really help out so people who are new to this establishment aren't frustrated with an employee who lacks the simple fundamentals of customer service.Just some feedback!  Most of you guys are great :)
1	This location SUCKS!!!!!    Every time i order from here they Are slow, and rude.   Don't even try going in the store, they have 10 employees standing around, 1 on the phone and no one at the register.   If I could give them a 0, I would.   The only reason I order here is because they are convenient for my house, but yet every time, I am frustrated.  This is one of the easiest things ever, pizza.  Seriously mr manager, are you that poor at managing your employees?????   Last time I was there, the manager was standing there, while all the employees were standing around.   I literally had 6 different employees walk past me and not one asked if I needed help.  I was the first one in line and stood there for 10 Minutes before anyone even acknowledged me to ask about my order.  Then they found that someone processed my order wrong in their system and they had to ring it up again, and to top it off, they had only one register open, so they couldn't ring me up till they struggled thru placing a phone order.   The. There is the phone...while in there I kept hearing them tell the person on the phone that they can't hear them, and it wasn't even loud in the room.   So then my next time, I had to call them and they too told me over and over that they can't hear me.   Seriously... Get a phone that works, get an amplifier if you need to.  Your business depends only it.   Guaranteed, if you fixed this, you would make that money back in less than 1 week by saving the time you would have normally been asking clients to Repeat themselves. Papa johns corporate, you should be ashamed of this location.
1	The first and last time I order pizza from these clowns again!!! Order took 40 mins more than stated and when the illegal alien showed up,it looked as if someone sat on the box of pizza. Needless to say it was all F'd up!! Smashed!! Wtf?? I had to scrape toppings off the box! I can't express this enough!DO NOT ORDER PIZZA FROM THIS PLACE!! You've been warned.
1	Do not order from this location on Christmas. It looks like the driver sat on the pizza before delivering to us. What a shame. I even gave a 30% tip up front.
