4	This company run tours in most of Europe's capitals, with the unique selling point of making them entirely free (sort of). I have particularly fond memories of being on their New Berlin Tour a year or two ago, and trying to find a suitable place to sneak off after 3 hours of cold, rain, and the guide's dulcet tones got just a bit too much.Being a less sprawling metropolis, Edinburgh's version is thankfully a bit shorter, yet the cold, rain and dulcet tones are now joined by the biting coastal wind that's a permanent feature of the city, so you'll still spend most of the tour in appalling discomfort. As for content, it's basically just all the usual tourist stops, which are fascinating for actual tourists but less so when you see them every day. It's still nice to learn a bit more about the history of the city and it's landmarks though, and while the guides lack the humour and showmanship of their ghost walk competitors, I have to admire their knowledge and interest in their work.It gets a bit awkward at the end when the guide goes cap in hand and sacrifices their dignity to beg for tips. A fiver is fair enough, but I literally couldn't believe the nerve of a few charlatans who tossed shrapnel at the poor girl as if she were a beggar. She sort of was, but that isn't the point. I seriously hope this isn't the only money these people get, as a few coins a day doesn't go too far round about here.
4	A little secret for all your travellers going on the cheap: there is an official Free Tour being set up in many big European cities. Don't be fooled by other proclaiming "free tours". This one is official and professional, the guides are trained very well and take you on very long entertaining but also educational walks through the city. And yes it is free. So how does it work? Tips! At the end of the tour if you are satisfied you tip your guide. Be warned at high peak tourist seasons these tours tend to be a lot of people. You can also book a private tour as well (check out their website for more details).After living in Edinburgh for three years I decided to take the opportunity of a friend's visit to try out this tour. I was so amazed by how well organised it was, how lovely our guide was and all the stuff I learnt on Edinburgh! Be warned though: this is not a free ride for all. At the beginning of each tour, other than your guide, there is another person from their office counting heads of attendants. For each tour participants your guide has to give a certain amount of money back to the company, and whatever is left he or she gets to keep. The tour is long and well worth it, and surely you can part a few pounds for your guide instead of buying another latte later.Would recommend this tour to anyone visiting or living in the City and wants a good tour of all the highlights.
5	Free? Yes, it's free. So the thing I wondered about a free tour was if it was worth my time and effort. So I showed up a little cynical and figured I would only stick around for a few minutes. Even for a Saturday morning, the crowd was pretty big. At least 150 or so people waiting. They quickly spun off the Spanish-speakers into one group and then passed out numbered tickets to everyone. These were used to cut down the large crowd into smaller groups of 25 or so for each tour guide. When my number was called, I followed Matt and a crowd of other people to a nearby spot.Matt kept up a great patter with lots of interesting tidbits about the tour. He wasn't obvious about the money thing other than a brief explanation at the beginning and then we were off on our tour. We stopped at a dozen or so spots, where Matt would speak in a loud voice to the group, interspersing facts with his own stories about Edinburgh. He was friendly and engaging, and before I knew it, our three hour tour was complete. We'd stopped in a bunch of great places - Grassmarket, Victoria Terrace, the Greyfriars Kirk and more - each time with a good amount of detail and history.Matt did a great job and since each of the tour guides was wearing a bright red t-shirt and followed mostly the same path and found the same ending - Princes Garden. I could see that most of the groups finished with the same 25 or so, which means that they too were enjoying the tour.I wished I had done this on the first day that I arrived as opposed to waiting until the third day. I would have liked to take the Ghost tour with them or Saturday night's pub crawl, both of which sounded really interesting. Next time.At the end, Matt made another brief mention about him not being paid by Sandeman's, but by us tourists as tips. I had no problem handing him some money - he earned it!So a big thumbs up for the Sandeman's tour. If I'm in another city where they offer these tours, I'll absolutely use them. And also a big shout out to my boy Matt. Great job, man! Freedom!
2	Meh.This tour takes you pretty much to the main attractions.  It didn't leave me breathless, but it was alright. It was free, so I suppose I had built up a great image in my head but wasn't especially impressed. It was alright...! Good value!!
5	If you're looking for a good lengthy review, there are quite a few others on here that say essentially what I would say. The tour is 'free' and fun (more fun than any I've been forced to pay for).Our guide was Ronnie and he knew his shite and was very entertaining. If any of the other guides are anywhere near as good, the tour is well worth your time and any spare quid that you may have.
5	Shows you all of Edinburgh (or any city) for free (whatever you decide to leave for a tip) in 3 hours. You find out things you would probably not find out by walking around on your own too--and if you have any additional questions the tour guide is happy to tell you the answer, or make up something awesome!
5	I hate walking tours. I think they are lame and only show you the touristy spots - which we all know are over priced and rarely show you the real city. Well, this tour does show you the touristy spots, but they make it really cool. This is my 2nd city where I've done the free walking tour by Sanemans and I cannot recommend this company enough. The guides are so passionate about their cities and you can tell they love their jobs. A great way to spend a few hours.. And they even got me to finally try haggis - which was awesome.
5	My friend and I had a tour with Allen (might have spelled that wrong...sorry man!) and it was fantastic. He's lively and energetic and pretended to nail my ear to a wall. I have travelled all over the world and taken too many tours to remember. This tour is above average. Way way far beyond average. Our guides enthusiasm was great and just made everything that much more enjoyable. It isn't a short tour for free either. I didn't have enough time to take any of the evening tours but I most likely would have. Edinburgh is a pretty large place and this tour really takes you through the heart of the old city and through its hi lights. What a great introduction to a place with so much history. Thanks!!!!
5	Not only was this fun tour free it was, duh, fun! I had no history knowledge of Scotland other than Mary queen of Scots, and our tour guide was funny, helpful, patient, answered my questions and helps to not make the history so boring. I would definitely recommend this tour and they also do a fee tour and over many others, which happen go be all over Europe! Look up their website and definitely incorporate Sandeman into your adventure!
5	Great tour. Took the hassle out of deciding what to do. Neale was a really good guide. Took us to nice bar after
5	Every Sandeman New Europe Tour operation is a classy act, and this one is no different.  The free walking tour was great, full of knowledge, the tour guides welcome your challenging questions and takes you to the nooks and cranny that most tours don't.  The pub crawl was basically pays for itself with all of the free drinks and drink specials but be warned if you drink every drink special and have a drink at every location you will be feeling it by the last stop.  The Ghost tour was well done, but it was more of a bloody journey of Edinburgh, still fun though since it comes with a free drink at the end of the tour.  You will be walking up Calton Hill so bring your walking shoes.If you plan of doing the Ghost tour and the Pub Crawl, buy the combo ticket, you save money and know what you are doing for two nights you are in town.
4	I'm going to average this to four stars. The free tour - 5 stars! Tour guide was Alan (Who looked like a pirate, no joke) and was a great storyteller. He went through all of the big attractions of Edinburgh and their history, making it all very fun and exciting. The paid Dark Side tour - 3 stars. This one was of the dark side of Edinburgh's history. The tour itself was fine but the tour guide was not that good. He simply had a loud voice (He was Aussie) rather than being a great tour guide or storyteller. It sounded like he was reading from a script and somehow even his jokes sounded like they were from the script. So average of 4 stars. Do the free tour definitely and then ask who the tour guide is for the Dark Side.
5	This was our second Sandeman's Tour and it was as good as the first one (in Prague). The concept is easy: they market the tour as free but at the end you tip your guide as much as you think the tour was worth. Our guide, I have forgotten her name - I'm so sorry! She was American with an unpronounceable surname and very loud (her words not mine!) Anyway, she was a really good guide. Half American, half Scottish and really knew her stuff. She made the tour interesting, funny and before we knew it we had walked around a large part of the old city. The sites that are visited are in the old city, and she took us to some places you wouldn't naturally come across (she took us down certain "closes" - the alleyways with stairs that you see so many of in Edinburgh - to show us courtyards with interesting stories etc). The group was a decent size - not too many so we couldn't hear (she spoke loud enough and clear enough for us all to hear). The thing with Sandeman's is that you WANT to pay them at the end. The tour lasted about 2.5 hours and is an excellent way to start your trip: you get a brief idea of your surroundings and can pick things to go back to and visit in more detail.5 out of 5!
