5	this show was highly recommended over chippendales by the girl at the half-price discount counter.  we got the ~$25 discount tickets, but it probably would have been no different if we had gotten the ~$13 discount tickets since we chose not to sit on the front row.it was a little scary at first because the show was located at the sleazy Hooters Hotel and we were the first to show up 15mins before the show.  since the show was relatively new, it was very intimate with four guys 1 emcee and less than 20 audience on a weekday.the only other adult entertainment show i have ever watched is Thunder from Down Under many years ago, and u will have to pay me to make me watch that again...  so i was surprise that i really like Men of X!!  all the guys know how to dance, the choreography was nice, the script was thoughtful and the jokes were appropriately hilarious and abundant.  in addition, the emcee knows how to talk.  i think that it is a more respectful and respectable show than that "Thunder" show from many years ago.my friend who had watched chippendales said that chippendales was a much bigger production, while u get more personal attention in Men of X.
5	We got the VIP package for the Men of X for my cousin's bachelorette party and the show was awesome. The guys were hot (thank god) and I would say that only two were blah. They actually bring girls on stage (usually the ones who ordered VIP tickets) you also get free rhinestone panties, meet and greet pictures with the guys and a lap dance/show. My cousin's guy turned out to be the hottest one (a former Janice Dickinson model). She was happy and the rest of the girls had fun and I got to shove a dollar bill down some guy's underwear (after trying to hand it to him - I know I'm a prude) so all in all a great experience.
5	Great Show!!! Had a blast going! The men were super sexy! They sat us front and center! Got cheap VIP tickets at the tix4tonight booth which included priority seating, a drink, and a pic with the guys after for $25! This show is much better than Chippendales and Thunder from Down Under. And after the show you get to party with the guys at the bar right outside, I wouldnt mind seeing them again!
5	This is a great show! I took my wife in Sept of 2010 ( I owed it to her for her birthday ). This was the first male review show I had ever been to and I wasn't sure what to expect but let me tell you, it was awesome! All the girls around us in the audience were having such a great time, it was like a party! To ALL woman out there, if your looking to have a good time out with your girlfriends in Vegas you need to see this show!
5	This is a great show! I took my wife in Sept of 2010 ( I owed it to her for her birthday ). This was the first male review show I had ever been to and I wasn't sure what to expect but let me tell you, it was awesome! All the girls around us in the audience were having such a great time, it was like a party! To ALL woman out there, if your looking to have a good time out with your girlfriends in Vegas you need to see this show!
4	If I were a fan of male revue shows, I'd give it 5 stars, but I'm not so deduct one star for personal taste.Men of X is by far the best male revue show I've been to.  I was able to get some complimentary tickets when an older friend came to town and told me she'd never been to a male revue.  Ha!  This was going to be fun!These guys, of course, are beautiful, but they are also very talented dancers and not raunchy or distasteful, which had been my experience with previous shows of this type.
3	A very cheap show.  Corny and cheesy dances.  There were maybe two boys there that was cute, but yeah...
3	I'm going to give this 3 stars and give you all the details to decide yourself if you want to go. Hooters sucks. Its cheap looking, with a weird hunters lodge feel. I saw a "theater" on the left hand side when we walked in but this is NOT where the show is. For the show you take a small elevator up to a dark, ugly conference room. The decor looks like it costs $100. At best. The fake plants on the "stage" where sitting on empty milk crates and kegs. But if you want to try and flip to the coin to the bright side, its so small that you get one on one attention and can see everything up close and personal. The guys, only 5 of them, were good looking and seemed very sweet. I actually felt and still feel bad for them. They all appeared to have great talent and are stuck in this crap hole with $5 homemade graphics, an not adequate equipment or space to properly preform their acts. Guys, look into getting a job at one of the bigger shows where your talent can shine.We got our "VIP" (do NOT pay extra for these, there is NO need) from half price tickets and paid $28 total each. The show was ok. Not great. Still fun! But I would never go again. P.S.  all the guys have these AWFUL fake penis' (peni? hehe) in their g-strings that almost ruin the show. They are so fake looking I starting laughing...it seemed like an SNL spoof, not a real show. I really hope someone in the show or production (I highly doubt they have a team, but if so) reads this, TAKE THE RIDICULOUS FAKE NON-BELIEVABLE SOFA PADDING OUT OF THE MEN'S PANTS!!! I've been to the other shows, I know they wear something too, but they are at least somewhat believable.
1	Men of X is the worse show I have ever paid for, DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY, these guys have no talent and cant dance.  whoever choreographed their show needs a new job he has no talent
3	I've never been to a show like this, but our bachelorette REALLY wanted to go so one of the other bridesmaids got a deal where we all paid about $35 (total each ended up about $42) - the bachelorette was going to go onstage for the "shower" dance, she would get a thong, and she would get a lesson from XBU if she wanted. NONE OF THOSE THINGS HAPPENED! Us bridesmaids were pissed off but thankfully the bachelorette had a great time anyways. We did get to sit in the front row, and it was hilarious!!  The conference room, the pirouettes, the wolf, the $1.50 beers all added to the awesome cheesiness of it all. It was fun but why would they promise things for the bachelorette and then not deliver? It seems like they do this to a lot of parties :( I feel like we got ripped off!
1	Wow will someone please pull the plug on this lifeless disaster of a show. When I saw this show it was being performed in the Night Owl showroom at Hooter's which is an awesome venue. It has since been relocated to a small conference room which I am sure does not help any.Thank the lucky trolls my tickets were free! If I had paid for this atrocity, I would have been way passed pissed halfway to postal.I can not believe this is related to X-burlesque the female revue version over at Flamingo hotel and casino. The X-burlesque women are fantastic, respectful and talented and put on a great show. I don't see them grabbing men's bozacks!The men of X not so much. This is a low class bunch they have selected for the show.There is a thin line with this show in which it could be considered sexual harrassment. I kid you not one of the male performer's slipped his hand up my skirt in one swift motion. It happened so fast I could not even react fast enough to stop what had just happened to me. He literally touched my panties he slid it up so far.I went to see guys perform on stage NOT ON ME! I am sure there are many women out there in which this or incidents similar to it have happened, there is no way as brazin as this dude was that he has just done this to me and only me. Tacky, unprofessional, disrespectful and Hooter's beware you could eventually have a lawsuit on your hands from these lude performer's you have made contract with for this show. I will vent on Yelp and leave it at that.Aside from being molested the show was horrible!If you want a great male revue show that will not let you down then go see CHIPPENDALE'S or my name ain't Nikki!
3	1.5 hours after the Men of X has concluded and my brain is rapidly digesting all of what I just saw with the hopes of coming up with a witty review on Yelp.  I've got good and bad to say.  The GOOD - the guys were good performers with great bodies.  They took great care in paying attention to all areas of the audience and getting the crowd riled up. The environment was very intimate (read small -- 30 - 50 people tops).  If you are celebrating a bachelorette party or birthday, you'll easily get the guest of honor on stage (there were at least 6 ladies brought on stage throughout the performance -- and only about 30 in the audience!).  And domestic beer was VERY cheap ($1.50 for Bud products).The BAD - the room is very small and has a very temporary feel to it.   The stage was actually some platform risers.  When the guys jumped, we felt it.  The catwalk area (which wasn't really used as a catwalk) was covered in velcroed, catering-style drapes.  I felt that the next night, the entire room could have been turned over for a banquet....because it literally was a banquet room.  The size of the room could be a good thing if you have the right crowd, but a less enthusiastic crowd would have resulted in a miserable, awkward feel.  Luckily -- our crowd was pretty good -- and with the cheap beers, all potential awkwardness was washed away soon into the show.At some moments, the show was like a strip club (guys came into the audience and solicited dollar bills) and other times, it was more of a male review with dancing and a bit of acting.  I don't think I'd recommend this for random entertainment -- but it would be worthwhile for a bachelorette or birthday party.  Just be sure to have a few (strong) cocktails beforehand to prevent any awkward moments!
4	Went to this show with a bachelorette party and had a blast.  These dudes are yummy!!  Ladies, you will NOT be disappointed!
5	First of all I'd like to say that if u are looking for one of the most sexiest and real talent not just swinging their you know whats around male review show the Men of X is definitely a once in a life time experience.I decided to go to the show as a early 21st birthday  present for one of my friends.  The fact that they had audience participation was definitely a plus.  There was an excellent variety of men in the show a cowboy, a vampire, and Tarzan which he is so hot.  The only thing I regret is that I didn't get to eat Tarzans banana, in  the show of course my friend did lucky girl.All in all I would highly recommend this show for to all  girls and it doesn't hurt that you definitely get your money's worth!!
4	3.5 starsWent for my friend's birthday. Finding the place was a little confusing as the elevator was out of service. The room setup was awkward. The drinks were cheap. The stage and crowd was small.But I was mostly entertained. I saw some nice bodies and good dancing,  put a couple of dollars inside some pants and  got some hugs. The other ladies in the crowd were whooping it up. And my friend, who was at her 1st 'male revue', had a good time too. She was pulled up on stage and 'arrested in handcuffs' :) She also took a pic with some of the dancers afterwards and they seemed very friendly.Just wish the venue was as appealing as the men.
3	Wow. I can't believe someone complained about being "molested" by the Men of X. Um, that's the point!! This isn't Chippendales baby, they're some freaks. I went with four other females and a couple of us got motorboated, one got flipped around and a couple of others got their faces smashed into crotch (and the guys all smelled good so that was very necessary)! Do you hear me complaining? It was fun and when I go back to Vegas I'm bringing a whole new batch of girls.
3	When in Vegas, go see some naked men! Well almost anyway. (They don't show everything.)The room where they performed was disappointing as the other reviewers mentioned. Definitely not a proper stage and gave the show a cheap feel.The dancing and striping was a little cheesy, but least most of the guys were hot.
1	Went to the Men of X show at Hooters in LV.  Damn sure won't never, ever, ever, ever go back. Eventho I got a great special deal thru some lv show phone line it still wasn't worth the $27.50 ea that I paid.  The kid mc'ing for the night asked for volunteers n my sister raised her hand. NO ONE ELSE on our side of the room did so when the kid walked over to her everyone obviously thought she was picked - when my sister stood up...why the bitch mc kid choose the girl next to her- who didn't even want to go on stage?  Who does that rude and embarrasing shit to people? Smh...not someplace I recommend to anyone.
1	I saw this show when it was still in the old showroom.  I can only give it one star because "Eek! Methinks not."  I went hoping to see one guy who ended up not being in the show the night I went.  None of the guys who performed that night did it for me personally.  The one who did wasn't even one of the performers.  He was one of the hosts/servers who was good-looking and friendly, but upon close glance, he had really bad complexion.  Talk about disappointing!    It was bad enough having to go to Hooters Hotel to see the show, but the some of the numbers just really took the cake. Who comes out in a monster mask with a long snout trying to turn women on?  Scaaarryy!!  Maybe some women can laugh it off or find the guys hot enough not to care.  I however thought some of the numbers were just weird!The guys do a good job of coming out to the audience and giving the ladies attention, but they will only stay and do a little something extra for you if you tip them.  No thanks, especially if you're going to come out in a monster mask!  No they don't really come to you with a mask on :p  But still, I prefer the no-tipping policy of shows like Thunder From Down Under and American Storm, where the only "tipping" involved is at the end when you pay for a photo with the guys.  At Men of X you tip AND you have to pay for your photo at the end!  At least I think you do, I chose not to take one.I see that this show has gotten many good reviews.  If you come with a live group or find yourself attracted to these guys I can see how ladies would enjoy themselves at this show.  Personally I do not need to see the show again nor step foot inside Hooters Hotel, especially when you can get a better production value (i.e. no weird/scary routines) with other similar shows at less seedy/run-down hotels!
4	I went to this show a few years ago on a girls 4th of July Vegas getaway... and we all had a blast at this show! This show IS definitely a "hands-on" show!! We joked around and said "no touching" to each other, but trust me, we touched everything! HAHA. It's true, the guys probably make lots of tips dancing here... but it's the most interactive! The showroom here is TINY and wherever you sit every guy will eventually go down the aisles, so if there's someone you really like, save your dollar bills for him! There was one guy that was like obsessed with my breasts! LOL. He seriously had to play with it every time he came by and even put his face in it! Good times! HAHA. After a few drinks, it's all good. I got pulled up to be on stage too! HAHA. This show is cheaper than the other male dance shows, and most interactive of them all. A more "upscale" male dance show would be Chippendales - where there is no touching; however, the last time I went, they went down the aisles, danced with you and one even slapped my butt- hard!After the show, you can stay and meet them, take pics, have some shots on the house. They seemed okay for the most part... but one did try to pick up on my friend. During the show, we meet 2 conservative women who had no idea what this show was... and oh boy, by the looks on their face were they in for a shocker! It was hilarious watching them!Anyways, I do not think this show is playing any longer even though it doesn't say closed on here. I don't see it advertised anymore on the Hooters Hotel or anywhere in Vegas...
